-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52mcqd/struggling_today_not_just_with_booze_but/

It's my birthday a close friend got jailed today for something he had nothing to do with to one of the worst jails in the country my new business is teetering on the edge of collapse due to contracts falling through I'm running out of money I'm 37 single and today for the first time since I quit I'm really struggling to see light at the end of the tunnel.  I'm home now to avoid alcohol but usually I would be slaughtered drunk.  Im so tired i can barely think straight but i cant sleep haven't properly since booze  It also rained today. It never rains on my birthday.  Just had to vent sorry guys i don't want to bring anyone down with me.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I'd say "Happy Birthday" but I'm going through similar stuff. There is light at the end of the tunnel but for now I'm focused on keeping moving through this dark wet stinking tunnel. I'm just going to keep walking. Not drinking with you today.
Not bringing anyone down.  Happy birthday -- I'd sent some sort of cake emoji but I'm too old to figure out all of the reddit stuff.  I don't have an answer for you other than to say don't discount the possibility that everything looks 1000 times worse when you are exhausted.  It's amazing to me how much my mental health is dependent on full sleep.  I know that is a cruel joke given that you're not alone in not being able to sleep after quitting drinking but maybe the universe will give you sleep for your birthday.  Today I won't drink with you but I will raise a craft soda for your birthday.
You're not drinking on your birthday in my books that's HUGE. Congrats on 17 days and I'm sorry to hear that you're struggling. Oh yeah and happy birthday!
Sorry you're struggling but Happy Birthday anyway. It will get better.
Something that was shared with me a while ago that really helped when I was feeling low. "You've been losing for so long you don't know how to win. Each day you make it to the pillow without putting that s*** in your body you win that day. And you're going have to put together a lengthy winning streak before you shake that "losing" feeling." We have to focus on the things we do have control over and give it our best effort in accomplishing those things each day regardless of our limitations. Then we wake up the next day get our minds right and give the best effort we're capable of again. I feel you though brother. Some days it's just about getting to the pillow. Happy Birthday!
Im having a pretty crappy September too.  hang in there  my friend 
Hey Happy Birthday.. I'm day 5 and had a nasty shock this morning I mentally reached for the bottle but I came her and posted it made the difference.    Every time I stopped in the past 30 years something happend this time I was expecting it so was kinda prepared. .. When ever I want to make changes in my life stuff just keeps coming up but I have to plough through and deal with these things head on.  Booze was just delaying the truth...Can I suggest natural yougut if you can't sleep it always does the trick with me
Hey there. Good to hear you're still avoiding the drink. I'm in a very similar situation. 35 single running a barely-functioning business. I know the stress of all that all too well. And I think I understand the feeling of not seeing the light. But you must see SOME light if you aren't drinking...This will sound cliche but it's never too late to improve your situation. New ideas for the business new hobbies new interests etc. Or if the whole thing goes tits up it isn't too late to start another business or get another job. You are not your business. You are not the rain. You are a person with a lot of shit on your plate trying to help your friend trying to keep your life on track. You can always recover from a failed business. You can always be there for your friend in whatever capacity possible. Stay strong. Don't drink. Buckle down and try to deal with that stuff as well as you can. Best of luck.
Sorry to hear. Sending good thoughts your way!
