-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52n4gg/starting_off/

My name is Elizabeth and I'm an alcoholic...Said those words for the first time yesterday. I'm 23 years old and have been a binge drinker for 4 years. Decided Sunday after waking up with a serious moral (and physical) hangover that I have to be done with alcohol. ..I've never thought I had a problem until I realized that I lived to drink. And not even drinking in fun situations drinking alone. In my apartment. Watching netflix. And I just couldn't stop. And it started off just blacking out on the weekends (and the occasional Tuesday) in college. It progressed to a few glasses of wine most nights of the week. And then I was drinking 2 bottles of wine every night...You'd think a suicide attempt from the guilt of my drunken actions would make me realize I had a problem. You'd think the drunken one night stands that made me hate myself would make me realize I had a problem. You'd think the lying to my friends family and myself would give me a clue that I had a problem. But the nasty thing about alcoholism is that it denies its own existence. ...I'm struggling. The detox hasn't been easy. My thoughts are consumed with alcohol. I watched a video in class today and a woman in the video was sipping out of a bottle of beer. That was 4 hours ago and I'm still thinking about it. ..BUT this is it. Alcohol was my past and my present and my future. Now I've joined the land of the living and I actually have a future! Thanks for reading this just wanted to say I'm here I'm struggling and I'm staying here :)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Glad you found us.
Welcome Elizabeth! We're glad you're here.
Greetings! Do glad that you're here with us! This will be the hardest and bestest thing that you've ever done...I will not drink with you today friend!
I'll struggle along with you :) Glad you are here this sub has been a great tool for me to keep my head straight hope it is for you too! 
Welcome to SD!  I'm glad that you're here and I will not drink with you today.
So glad you have decided to join us. Good luck. 
&gt;I lived to drink. And not even drinking in fun situations drinking alone. In my apartment. Watching netflix...So recently I had a birthday and my Grandparents were hoping to take me out to dinner.  My mom asked me a few weeks ago if I wanted to go on short notice.  I said no.  Not because I had anything planned because I wanted to go home drink play video games and watch youtube videos.  There was another weekend where I was visiting my mom and my niece whom I love.  We had dinner and I had a beer with my meal.  I immediately decided that instead of spending more time with my niece I needed to go home and drink.  I also totally relate to watching a video and wanting booze.  I watched Chef about a month ago - great movie - but a bunch of characters got drunk together and I immediately felt the need to go out and buy booze.  Not trying to talk a big game - I'm only on Day 1 but I totally relate to where you're coming from.  I can't believe it got this bad. I will not drink with you today. 
Crazy how similar I feel to you. Good to know I'm not the only one dealing with tremendous guilt due to my actions. You are not alone.
Welcome Elizabeth.  Here's the [link to the Baby Steps post](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) which has some embedded links to community resources and which lays out how I stopped drinking and got sober.
Um hello. I believe you are confused and wrote my life story and not your's lol. I'm just kidding. The main way I know it's not me is that I'm 10 years older than you. But all the details are eerily similar to my story. Starting binge drinking in college. Lots of regretful actions and experiences including promiscuity that lowered my already fragile self-esteem. Led me to feel out of control and extremely guilty and anxious leading to a suicide attempt. I lived by myself for many years which in retrospect I do not think helped with the drinking. I used drinking to relax myself give my mind a momentary reprieve. But alcohol plays a cruel trick on us in that we pay for that relief later when the anxiety doubles after sobering up. Just know you are not alone and that many of us have had experiences similar to your's. I hope that you find SD useful. I honestly credit it for saving my life. One of my favorite tools is the IRC which allows you to chat with other SD members in real time. It may be a helpful tool if you are living alone. I also found that in the early days creating daily schedules for myself was helpful. I included physically active things like taking walks to tire myself out and help sleep. It really helped the hours until bedtime pass and took my mind off worrying about what to do with myself when really what I wanted to do was drink. Also I must say that I really admire you for recognizing wanting to change at such a young age. It is truly courageous and speaks to your incredibly strong and resilient soul...don't let anyone tell you otherwise...Hi Elizabeth I am Katie and am also an alcoholic. I am very glad you are here and shared your story. Hang in there and SD has got your back. I am proud to not drink with you today.
Glad you're here and made the decision. I'm on day 1 myself. We can do this. We will be much happier healthy people if we keep it up!! 
My first few weeks were tough but they have become a lot easier.  Stick with it!
Welcome to Team Sobernaut!
Welcome Elizabeth! I am also a 24 year old alcoholic. I went three months without drinking at the beginning of the year and then decided hey I can have a drink to celebrate three months of sobriety. That ended up starting me right back where I was at the end of last year. Until yesterday. Yesterday was my first sober day in 6 months and I'm grateful to be starting back down that path with you. I'm struggling too but we both know it will be worth making it through this. I found another person in this sub that mentioned the book 'This Naked Mind' and bought it immediately - I'm only a few chapters in but it's helping me already. Stay strong!
Hi! The link for the free copy of This Naked Mind is in the sidebar on the right (I saw that someone commented about it here)...Welcome to the land of the living - I think you'll feel very comfortable here with us at SD :).
Keep it up. It gets better. :).Glad you're here
Welcome! Like you I had a first day without alcohol. For me it was really difficult for the first two weeks but things got better with some sustained sobriety. Specifically I noticed less anxiety and that I slept better and that I had more energy. Wishing you the best!
Welcome Elizabeth.  WE are happy to have you here glad you taking this journey to sobriety with us.. 
Hi I'm a 24 year old female! I like to think about how lucky we are to address our issues at a younger age before we end up dying young. You have support from me and everyone else here. Don't forget to post here before you pick up a bottle it could save your life :)
I had a similar experience with my progression into alcoholism.  What started out as an enhancer ended up the main event while the actual activities took a back seat to the drinking.  Going back and doing things sober I realized how boring a majority of it was. 
I just turned 24 and know exactly what you mean about the video you saw in class. I've been taking pains to avoid media that had people drinking in it or glorifies drinking...it's been tough. But I quit for the same reasons and already look and feel much better even after my relatively short sober stint. I don't want to get drunk and watch Netflix anymore and I'm tired of going to class hungover. I feel like I was wasting my 20s and I'm ready to live. Congrats on your first sober day!
Good on you.
[deleted]
