-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52s30w/i_drink_to_help_me_sleep_wife_thinks_it_is_a/

..Backstory: I drink most evenings before bed.  I used to have maybe 2 drink units it has probably escalated to around 5.  My original justification for this was because it helps me sleep.  Alcohol and melatonin put me to sleep within 15 minutes; if I don't do both I am usually awake for 2 hours and it has been this way since I was a young kid.  I always had a terrible time getting to sleep.  Some nights I wouldn't be able to sleep at all.  Also I have been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and I think this is all related to that...But I must admit that I crave these evening drinks.  Sometimes I really look forward to them as the only thing that can cure a miserable day.  It's scary but the relief they bring is satisfying.  ..I will admit that in most socially acceptable situations where getting a drink is an option I will.  At brunch bringing beer for a games night drinking at a bar that a band is playing at etc.  I do embrace it since it reduces my anxiety and makes me feel good...That being said this is the exception to the norm.  Most days I wake up sober with no hangover work an entire day sober cook dinner have a pleasant evening and don't even have a drink with dinner then only have my drinks right before bed.  I have considered asking for alternative sleep help.  It is my understanding that sleeping pills are incredibly addictive and put you in a strange deep sleep that is bad for you in the long-term...I went to an AA meeting because a friend was going and I was curious about what went on.  The entire time at the meeting all I could think of was respectfully that I am not like all these people.  They have struggles that are much worse than what I feel.  These are people that can't go a day without drinking have lost jobs due to drinking etc.  ..I can go a day without drinking.  I can go a few.  If I replace alcohol with marijuana I can still get to sleep though I don't like the feeling as much.  Really to me it's largely about that alcohol feels good but I can control that and that I really need to sleep or I'm fucked the next day with tiredness.  ..My wife would like me to not drink in the evenings.  She says that she can tell when I've had my bedtime drinks doesn't like the lack of clarity in my mind and worries for my health.  It has also gotten to the point that she shoots me death glares if I order a drink while I'm out.  So I have guilt over it...So anyway here I am.  I don't personally WANT to drink less.  I like it it feels good and I feel like while it's not TOTALLY under control it's not as bad as other people I have seen.  I would like my wife to be happy but I feel like there is also a complicated spectrum of being "controlled" by her which I have addressed with her since she is prone to trying to adjust how I dress or shaming me for eating anything unhealthy too...When I do online tests for alcoholism it's true that I check off a lot of the criteria.  I like drinking because I can feel more relaxed and social I crave it sometimes I have noticed my intake increasing slowly over time at rare but occasional parties I do like to just keep drinking.  But I just don't feel like it's a problem in my life as much as my wife is trying to tell me but I really want to listen to her and value her advice I'm just having trouble seeing it from her side...Anyway I saw this sub linked today and thought I would spitball with you guys hopefully I could get some unbiased outside perspective...
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
Glad you're here and good for you for stepping back and questioning your habits. The rule of thumb is that if drinking is causing you a problem then you have a drinking problem. If upsetting your wife is causing you a problem and your drinking is upsetting your wife then you have a drinking problem. Only you can decide if this is true.
So here's what I read:..1. You drink about 5 drinks a night..2. You drink at social events whenever you can be it brunch board games music etc..3. Your wife is upset about how much you drink..4. You occasionally crave it..5. You look forward to drinking at the end of the day...It looks like you've listed a lot of reasons why you drink but maybe don't necessarily see them all... The title of the post is about needing alcohol to sleep but turns out it's not really about that at all. You don't turn down drinks in any setting when offered and even though there is an alternative for the sleep issue you'd rather drink even though it's upsetting your wife. ...So I guess are you willing to keep drinking even though it's becoming an issue in your marriage? Because that's what it is now. You drink 5 drinks a night at social settings you have cravings and it's an issue in your marriage. 
Hi there!!! What I did was attempt to take a break. I realized pretty quickly that I had an issue. I also decided that if my husband was worried I would try to alleviate his concerns. So I sincerely hate to say this but: if our SOs are stressed and think we have a problem we do. ..We have to decide if the problem is in their head (and if it's worth it to change ) or not. For me I had to consider it. I've had many missteps but he's supported me. When (if?) the day comes that he won't then I'm done with him. But I have to get my drinking under control...All this to say: is she worth it? What does her opinion mean to you? Is it worth giving up alcohol? There is no right answer. For me I just have to check my own station in life. Changes daily. 
One point I noted was that you stated that you don't personally want to drink less.  The previous replies all contain good information but for me at least no matter whatever else was going on I (personally) had to get to the point of not wanting to drink.  I am not criticizing you at all for this statement but just pointing out my experience that the desire to stop drinking really had to come from myself for me to stop (and note I am still early in recovery so take what I say with that mind).
I used to drink to help fall asleep.  I've had insomnia for as long as i can remember.  The amount i drank gradually increased until i passed an invisible threshold.  My body seemed to have become dependent on it.  It was almost impossible to stop.  I lost almost everything i valued and loved(wife/kids/home etc.).  I didn't see it coming until it was too late.. Recovery has been a long difficult journey but here I am.  I can't tell you what is the best thing to do but be I'd be careful about using alcohol to solve life's problems.  It messed me up for a long time and i will never look at it the same way again..
It sounds like you're beginning to examine your relationship with alcohol and you don't like everything you see....I would suggest continuing your exploration.  And don't discount your wife's perspective.  5 drinks will get most folks drunk and drunk folks are often irritating.   ...I would also say that using alcohol as a self medicating tools is almost always a bad idea.   Sleep medications can be addicting but  alcohol is absolutely addictive.   ...Perhaps talk to a Dr about your insomnia and anxiety.  I doubt they will prescribe 5 drinks a night as a solution.
That's a tough one because of the circumstances. I understand your intentions that you don't suffer any considerably bad consequences when you drink and you don't really want to personally quit altogether. My concern is that I remember all too well when I did the same every day after coming off the graveyard shift. It wasn't a problem in my eyes because I too had not had any real problem or consequences that were directly related to my drinking at the time. As I continued to drink though it slowly affected my life little by little and snowballed into a series of incidents that were in fact caused by my drinking. Looking back I wish I had listened to those warning signs and talked to my doctor about a sleep medication instead of self medicating with alcohol back then because it would have saved me 15 years of unhappiness. I'm not saying that the same will happen to you it may or may not but the question to ask yourself is do you want to take that chance. One thing that stands out for me is that you are in fact concerned that it may be a problem or may become a problem on down the road. Listen to your gut feeling. If a person thinks that they may have a problem that is usually he first warning sign. At least it was for me anyway. I take a sleep medication myself and honestly I find it not to be overly addictive. If you're honest with your self and your doctor and don't abuse the prescription or take more than you're supposed to it shouldn't be a problem. What I did was ask myself in the interest of harm reduction which one was worse for my health and household to continue drinking every night or to take something to help me sleep. The best advice I can give you is to listen to your intuitions and talk to your doctor. I didn't for a long time and I lost a great deal in my life as a result. Well I just wanted to share my thoughts and experiences with you. I hope that this helps you and offers you some insight. Peace and good vibes. ..Sorry for such a long post!
Glad to read your post.  Funny I sort of had the opposite problem.  I kept thinking "Geez I think I like to drink too much" - my husband said "no you don't I like it when you drink".  He doesn't drink he just thought I was more fun.  Little did he know my 1 ounce per drink limit (that I tried really hard to stick to) turned into 3 2 ounce drinks. This was 6 nights a week.  I never acted in a bad way.  I wasn't even really hung over.  I have a great job and 3 kids.  Not one person knew how much I was drinking.  I actually looked forward to getting home so I could start the process.  Again - I didn't look like "those people".  Anyway I got nervous when I told myself to quit for 30days and I couldn't do it.  I've been trying to do it for 3 years.  Can't seem to do it.  But with the help of the wonderful people on this site I am doing it now.  Who knows I may be able to moderate after this.  I doubt it.  But maybe???.Also all of the above coupled with the fact that the "small" amount I was drinking increased my chances of cancer by 75%??? .But for today I won't be drinking with you:)
OP I have read your reply to others the "how do you learn to want to stop?" ..I was nearly just like you. 5 drinks nightly some at other times could skip if forced but didn't want to do so. Slept better...my wife felt I had an issue...I learned to want to stop by listening to the similarities and ignoring the differences in other people's stories. Some say that drinking is an elevator going down and sobriety is taking the stairs back up.  Do you get off when you are first aware of the need to change? Or do you keep riding down until your life is a wreck?  ..You used to drink 2 now you drink 5. When do you start 6 or 7?  When is it higher ABV but the same number of "units?"..I chose to get off before DUIs before health issues before relationship issues.  That way it was less work back up to a stable healthy life less flights of stairs to walk up. ..But you have to make that choice. Only you can decide it is an issue and only you can change it. Won't work if you don't work. ..When I did I really had to fight a voice in my head saying nearly what yours is saying. I had to ignore drinking buddies and put my health first. And boy do I feel better. ..I cut back and learned better sleep habits for a month. Then cut off totally. And by cut back I mean it. I went from 5 or 6 to 2 a night. Did that for two weeks or so then I went to 1 a night for a few weeks then totally stopped. During that time I learned to sleep. I laid in bed and calmed my thoughts when I had insomnia. I did not cave. ..Look at sleep books talk to a doctor. Get a night routine that is less stimulating for that is the issue. No tv past X time. No lights in the room. Bed time is X pm every night. Listen to white noise or the symphony if you can't quiet your thoughts. ..It will suck at first but you will retrain your mind if you consistently work at it. 
I have similar problems always had trouble falling asleep and getting up early. A few years ago I started drinking a few beers and smoking weed and cigarettes in the evenings after my wife fell asleep (she sleeps/wakes early) which eventually turned into drinking 8-10 light beers per evening never taking a day off developing full blown panic disorder and agoraphobia and even when I swear to myself I won't I find myself coming up with excuses to make another night of it and walking to the nearby store. I remember thinking the same thing you're saying it felt just like a very pleasant way to relax. I would get buzzed and watch a movie or some tv or work on my music hobbies. I don't know when it changed from one thing to another but it was very very gradual. If I could go back and moderate it before it became a problem I'd be a lot happier now...The melatonin helps exercise definitely helps eating at the right times and not drinking caffeine helps. I'm still relapsing constantly and have had a rough last few days. But I'm ready to take control of my life...Also consider yourself lucky in some respects your wife wants you to quit. She's looking out for your health and happiness. My wife is currently battling alcholism that interacts terribly with her depression so on many days I come home from work to find my wife getting drunk and knowing she will be aimlessly angry or threatening suicide by the evening. My marriage is in a very unstable place because of it and the anxiety only makes me want to drink in the evenings to have one pleasant spot in my day.
Alcohol is a terrible sleep medication because you inevitably wake up in the small hours after the booze wears off feeling like crap with a full bladder and dehydrated. I suggest really examining the quality of your sleep after drinking. Insomnia is almost certainly healthier.  I go to bed much later if I am not drinking and drink multiple cups of tea but the sleep I do get is better and I still feel better on lack of sleep than waking up hungover.
