-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52t2d9/feeling_surprisingly_better/

It hasn't been long (48 days) but that's the longest I've gone without alcohol in a quarter century. Wow that makes me feel old! Some observations:..When 4pm rolls around I no longer feel the impulse to slam back two or three drinks..I'm getting stronger at the gym visibly losing weight around the middle..There's much less anxiety during the day (guessing that GABA or other neurotransmitters are finding a more 'normal' balance)..Finishing lots of little projects around the house..Long days of writing code are becoming a little easier (better mental stamina)..Wow I can go out and run errands at night because I'm not intoxicated!.Blood pressure dropped nearly 10 points on both numbers... next time I see my doc I suspect he may decrease my BP med dosage..Subjectively feeling 'sharper' in conversation and thinking less 'slow'.Have a sense I've made a good choice even though my wife is kind of surprised by this change. No interest in *ever* drinking again... even if I have cravings or experience triggers recognizing this was a good decision...Thanks SD! It also really helps checking in here every couple days. For those of you struggling/suffering stick with it. You are doing a great thing for yourself..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and ditto!..And I am a month behind you. ..
Congratulations! I can't wait to be 48 days in since I've never made it past 29 and more frequently its around 7 so I'm dead impressed with your achievement. ..
I'm so happy to hear this! Congratulations job well done :).
Awesome post :) it takes a little time to see the tangible results I think but I am loving the drop in anxiety - I like what you say about your brain finding its normal balace - had a super busy tough day yesterday and handled it like a champion busy but not mega stressed like I used to get and no thoughts that I "deserved" to get drunk because of it. And weight loss too slow and steady. And pride in myself :) I also agree that it really helps checking in to not forget where we came from. Thanks for posting!
Good stuff. I really understand your "'sharper' in conversation and thinking less 'slow'" remark. For a while there I was having trouble recalling and using my common professional vocabulary to explain things during work meetings...Glad I got thru that while my brain synapses rewired.  Congratulations on your 48 days.
great to hear your insights thanks for posting. I aspire to your 48. Keep on!
[removed]
