-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52tvn0/starting_over_after_a_relapse_sucks/

I miss my 150+ days of not drinking and don't feel like I have anything to show for it now that I'm starting over. I just feel like such a mess at this moment for allowing myself to fall off the wagon. That one insane night of drinking was pure hell when I woke the next day though. I know I'll begin to rack up days quickly but man it sucks. I also know that I never want to experience another day as low as the day I had waking up hungover and regretting my actions. I'm taking one day at a time now and I'm going to be humble and embrace this experience as a lesson learned. I won't be drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

Those 150 days haven't gone away. You reset your days because you are an honesty ninja who eats accountability for breakfast! Congrats and power on.
yeah you will get back up there though. And this time you will know not to relapse.
Man this is the scariest thing to me. Thank you for being honest and accountable and sharing your story. A guy came into my bible study the other night and shared that he's done a year+ here 10 months there and so on; that's a very scary prospect to me as I feel I've finally got somewhat of a hold on this.
Welcome back! I think it is awesome that your "research" led you back to what you already knew.  I too have fell after some good runs at sobriety but they reinforced that alcohol always leads to obsession for me.  I believe it always will. 
I thing recognizing the relapse and doing something about it is progress. Congrats!
At least you're regretting it in a good way instead of just continuing to drink! Thank you for confirming that I don't want to have to re set I don't know when or where it will be but it won't be today..Feel better and don't beat yourself up too long! 
Same thing happened to me recently. It's hard not to dwell on it. Once the depression subsides you will feel better. My relapse happened about 2 weeks ago and after a year and a half. It sucks just don't be too harsh on yourself.
Thank you for posting. It is a reminder to me that even after 7 months I don't have this in control and even one is too many.  ..One day at a time!
I am starting over too! It will be ok I promise! At first I thought the same way that I didn't feel like I had anything to show for it either but you do! I had done a month and even as I woke up the next morning and had to reset my badge I flat out wanted to die so I know what that Hell feels like. I told myself that if I could get through 30 days then I could get through 31. And if I could get through 31 and so on. You already have some huge time under your belt so be grateful to yourself for that! We can do this together!
I know the feeling. I won't drink with you today. 
Bless you. I'm so glad you shared that. It's like your share has reinforced my recovery therefore it wasn't waisted. Move forward it's progress not perfection. Peace and love x
Wasted not bloody waisted. 
I've now more than doubled my previous record. Closing in on 3 years and feeling good. But I'll always be careful. I've had half a dozen or so relapses and though I started counting from 0 again I had not forgotten the things I learned in my time sober. You have not either. Believe me I know how small you feel after a relapse. Think of that the next time your tempted. Good luck!
I had 90 days at the beginning of this year and then 1 night out lead to 4 months of too much drinking still thinking maybe I could moderate. It sucks but I don't regret it because originally my year long goal (that I was 90 days into) has turned into the realization that I simply cannot drink whether a year from now two years 10 years etc. Still working to accept this as a lifelong decision but I believe that's what needs to be done. 
As long as you keep getting up brushing yourself off and going back at it I'd say you haven't lost anything. I've done 5 months twice 2 months here 4 weeks there and all manner of blocks of sober days in between. I just had to reset 3 days ago and for me I know my mission is to not kick the shit out of myself because that encourages the shame spiral and for me that's just as evil and useless of an elixir as alcohol. Shame and Guilt for me is like a gateway drug. You fell down and now you're back up- keep on keepin' on. ;)
Not drinking with you today. Onward!!.
i admire and applaud your honesty here.  it's a gift to the community as a cautionary - but heroic - tale!  you admit and own the misstep.  you had 150+ days.  you did it once and you can do it again.  i'm sure the guilt and regret are daunting - and i'm so sorry for you because i remember that awful gnawing.  BUT!  you are right back here where you belong.  RACK THE DAYS UP!!  i will not drink with you today.  xo
I had 185 day from Jan 1 - July 4th. I drank 9 times in July after my first drink. Now I'm back up to 54 days and I feel equally as good if not better than during my original streak. Those 185 days helped me break my habit. Everything changed during that first period of sobriety. Relapsing is stupid but I don't think you should view yourself as going back to square one. 
I felt the same way a few months ago.  I gave up 18 months and it was so hard to come back here. When I look back I think it was easier to stop again than come back to s/d with my tail between my legs.  I was really disappointed in myself.  But the days begin to add up the disappointment turned into pride and I knew I was back on track.  I know my badge says 86 days but I still have the 18 months plus these current 86 days.  You still have those 150 days plus 4.  We know what to do now and we know what not to do.  I've had to quiet the voice on quite a few occasions these past few months.  Now when I play the tape forward I have some post credits I know the consequences of my drinking and I now know the consequences of my moderation attempt.  I'm learning and each step I take I gain knowledge.  All I can do is learn from my mistakes and never give up.  Congrats on not giving up!
