-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/52u0k3/relapse_after_2_12_years/

I don't know what happened. ..Well I guess I do. I got sober originally in May 2014 because my life was a mess I was convinced I was an alcoholic. I went to meetings. I met people. Those people helped me get sober but some other things happened that I wasn't okay with. I knew I'd eventually be moving out of the area so when I did I ditched meetings a went at the sober life on my own and it worked fine. Until it didn't. ..I move every 4 years. The people in the meetings told me to call any time to reach out if needed. I did for a while but when I moved not one of these people kept in touch or cared about my sobriety. A few of them who didn't get along used me as a point in their argument and it made things hard for me for a bit. Other people used me for rides and claimed it was for "my sobriety". I didn't see the point in going to meetings in my new area. Why take the time to retell my story to a bunch of new people who don't know me and also won't miss me when I've moved away? I saw no need.  My two year mark came. No one cared about it. The point of staying sober was still clear to me though. I was proud of myself. ..Skip ahead to my "relapse". I feel strange calling it that. My neighbor offered me a beer and I said no at first but after he insisted I accepted. Nothing happened. I was so excited that I drank and managed to not drive around drunk or text some ex lover or trip and fall through my shower door. Yay me I'm cured right?!..About a month went by and I had an out of town conference for work. I started obsessing about having a drink as much as a week before I even left because I knew I could be alone with alcohol. The first night out of town I went straight to the super market and bought a 4 pack of beers that I went back and forth over before finally buying them. I drank 2 that night. The next day I went to dinner with a coworker and drank one beer finished the other two in my hotel later. At this rate of increase I'll be back to 10 beers a night by next week. I can't do this. ..I'm sorry this is so long but I have to get this out there. I refuse to talk to other people about this because of how disappointed they will be that I slipped. Or relapsed or whatever it's considered. I just needed to tell someone. I know now that nothing out there has changed. I just want my other life back the one where I'm sober- and happy. 
----------immediate responses--------

That life is one day away. You didn't lose 2 1/2 years you learned. Start by accepting the sober you is the one writing this and that the sober you will be the one who wakes up tomorrow. I hope you're happy and well and be kind to yourself first.
&gt;I started obsessing about having a drink as much as a week before I even left because I knew I could be alone with alcohol. ..^ This is why I stopped.  I relapsed after 10+ years sober.  I drank for six years until alcohol was managing me not the other way around. It was taking up way too much time rent-free in my head (in fact I was paying plenty for it to stay there).    The good news is - you can have your other life back happy and sober.  I'll not drink to that tonight!
Sounds like you have your clarity and now it is a matter of acting on it and hopping back into sobriety. ..You have all those days under your belt years even. You can have this back if you want it. ..Hope the chatroom helps. ..
Who exactly do you believe is disappointed in you?
Your post is especially interesting to me because I am coming up on two years and I recently moved to a new city. I'm trying really hard to get involved in AA here but struggling a bit. I've definitely felt like no one here cares about my sobriety. Why would they?  They don't know me. Much to my surprise when I start talking to people and asking for help they've listened.  I've been having to do a lot of ego checks...how much of my perception of what's going on is in my head? Is this my disease trying to eat away at the recovery I've worked so hard at?  My expectations need to be reasonable otherwise they're just resentments in the making...Thanks for sharing and it sounds like you know what needs to be done to get back to where you were before.  Onwards and upwards.
