-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/533dtv/first_time_post_long_time_lurker_sharing_my_story/

Well this is the third relapse after the longest period of not drinking about 45 days cold turkey white knuckle style. I spent the winter in Tennessee helping my mom and dad move back to Florida. The long grey days and lack of work or social life got to me and I started hitting the bottle again. My poison of choice was Vodka about a fifth a day. That lasted about two months until the final week before we moved and I had had enough and quit cold turkey again. It was shitty but I got through it. We got back to Florida moved into a rental and I started looking for work. I've been a chef and line cook for a long time but I didn't want to get back into that. No one forces me to drink but it's no secret that that line of work isn't conducive to healthy lifestyles. I got a job at a big chain working long days with no breaks and I started hitting the bottle again to cope because I had no money and insurance and it's the only way I know how. ..So it's been about six months again of fairly heavy drinking I'm a big guy 6'2 350 pounds so it takes quite a bit for me to be drunk. So I never really get black out or sloppy just there plus the tolerance. ..I finally got a new job at a call center making okay money but I was so nervous before the interview I had to take three drinks before even getting on the road I got the job I start Monday and training is super early and I'm worried that I won't be able to function because I've been working in an industry with long nights and getting home early in the morning for so long. ..I have a problem a part of me thinks that I need to deal with this problem before starting this job. But I have no savings and no insurance. I have an awesome mom and dad they just sold there house. But they've helped me so much I don't really want to ask for anymore. ..I plan to attend an AA meeting before monday and I just wanted to share my story and you guys even though you didn't know it helped me achieve sobriety for a short term before. ..I have already had a drink today sometimes it takes just that to start to function but I managed to make it to my brother house so he could look at my car he's a mechanic. And so far the day isn't as bad as yesterday. ..Any advice or words of encouragement is welcome. Thanks. .
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough situation man. I was lucky enough to have vacation time just after getting sober. Even after I wanted to stop working but I had to pay the rent. AA is a great way to get support. So is this subreddit. Welcome. I am not drinking with you today...
Hey man. Interviews are the hard part. You have the job now and things are looking up! You've stopped drinking before and you CAN get through this. ..I also posted for the first time today and am just starting off here. You're not alone! 
I quit a week ago after many attempts and relapses. I had resisted going to be a for mini years but it was obvious that I needed to change my approach Since then it's been the proverbial one day at a time a meeting a night. No it's not for everyone but so far I've been welcomed supported and given much to think about. 
go to meetings all weekend if you can I promise you'll hear your story and the solution from someone else there. ..You deserve sobriety.
