-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5354nl/functional_alcoholic_dysfunctional_teetotaller/

I need help staying sober because right now I'm planning my relapse...I relied on alcohol to modulate several major areas of my behaviour: primarily as a vent against stress/unhappiness/general shit but it also served a key role in my appetite and sleep habits...Yes I know about the downsides - I wouldn't be here if I wasn't acutely aware how much it sucks to be drinking - but my problem is that none of the benefits of being sober line up with the benefits of being an alcoholic...Most of all and I'm asking for specific help here: I need some way of venting stress of being able to take a time-out from life. A shitty few days and a poor night's sleep are all it will take to derail me to make me need to 'tap out'... and I don't want that relief to come from alcohol anymore but I do fucking need that relief...And I'm sorry if this is out of bounds: but I'm perfectly happy to substitute other drugs for alcohol other addictions even. Being an addict isn't my problem being addicted to a substance where the 'high' is literally your body succumbing to poison is.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't think of a better way to relapse than to plan a relapse. Are you exercising? Running is quickly becoming my stress reliever...Meditation has also been very helpful in bringing me back to center. I'm using an app to help in this. I pop in the earphones and use the app when I feel like I'm about to lose it.
I'm pretty much in the same boat. I looked forward to coming home and having a decent amount of wine because it kept me from worrying at least temporarily. It kept me from constantly feeling like I should be productive. It let me sleep. Now what?..It's Friday night and I could be relaxing but sober self has decided I must be doing home improvement and cleaning because you know it needs to be done and Friday night is just another night. Old self would be on the couch chatting with sister about the 10 different documentaries we want to watch on Netflix right now while drinking a bottle and a half of wine each. ..I'm struggling with how to relax. The more I recognize the need to do it the more anxious I get about not doing it and the harder it becomes. Wine used to solve that problem for me... 
I used to work at a detox clinic. I'm an alcoholic with depression. During my training at that job the head of therapeutic programming casually referred to how people get addicted to their depression just like they would a drug. Some days I remember life's better sober and others I struggle with agreeing it's worth living at all. Both problems can be approached as follows:..There are two parts to recovery. Detox is getting over withdrawals after quitting. This can take a day to two weeks depending on your habit and history. Rehab is learning how to live sober and developing new things to do with your time. This takes the rest of your life...My favorite bit of advice I got was the Rule of 21. Make a list of 20 things that take up time and then make number 21 to make a new list. WRITE IT DOWN...In time something will grab you. Writing drawing dancing cooking walking Netflix whatever. There is a way for you to live sober. You are currently in the stage where you're looking for a new habit...Once you get comfortable with that new sober habit keep an eye on yourself. Develop it and if you find you're planning another relapse go back to 21.
Hi there! Alcohol "worked" for me in a couple of ways. It gave me an immediate sense of relief from stress lifted my mood and helped me fall asleep...It was also increasing my stress dramatically both in a physical way (my anxiety went through the roof when I sobered up) and in a practical way (I was not as functional as I liked to believe and there was a lot of life stress when I was drinking.)..The mood lifting was the immediate high I'd get from drinking that I'd then keep chasing.  It feels really really good for me to drink because I'm addicted to it and that's how addictions work. After I quit drinking nothing really seemed to feel good for a couple of months which again is pretty normal for an addict going through withdrawal. But my body and nervous system readjusted. ..Alcohol screws up sleep. There's tons of info on the internet about this. But it's probably the worst sleep aid out there...When I quit drinking I had to find other ways to fill the needs that alcohol filled for me. Alcohol was the only answer I had to all of my problems and it was the main way I knew to take care of myself. So I had to learn about proper self care. I had to get support from support groups on here and in real life from a psychiatrist from a therapist. I had to get used to the idea that there aren't quick fixes for feeling shitty anymore. It sucked sometimes. It's been hard at times. But it has been totally worth it...Dealing with stress for me nowadays involves therapy exercise and journalling. A good journaling exercise for stress that I've found helpful is to write out what I'm stressed about then to go back and read it  and then to write about how much of that is something that is real and factual and how much of it is something that hasn't happened yet. It's been helpful to realize that I'm mostly stressed about what I think is going to happen not about what the current state of affairs is. Sometimes I meditate but not often enough. I also take baths go on walks eat something delicious watch a movie get in touch with a friend - all that good self care stuff...I wish you luck in finding lasting relief for your stress!
Treating my own mental illness with my very ill brain was an unmitigated failure. I didn't start getting better until I enlisted outside help.
[removed]
You know I felt like this for awhile too. ..Like now I have all this buildup of stress and I was so much more functional drinking because then I would release the stress and not walk around with it! Like now I have all these distracting feelings and it was easier to focus on tasks before because I could drink to numb the feelings. ..I don't have an easy answer except that... After I was sober for awhile this cycle just stopped. Initially I had to work through the feelings and adjust to the bright neon raw realness of life without the anesthetic of alcohol. But once I did - I found I was more functional more productive more happy. Not less. ..Sober life is just different. It's not harder - in fact in a lot of ways it's easier because there's nothing holding me back from dealing with whatever happens. ..As for how to develop new stress outlets exercise works well for me. So does sleeping in on weekends. Cooking is a good mindfulness exercise. And listening to heavy metal when I'm pissed off has always helped me whether sober or not. :)
