-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53ahw2/a_new_acquaintance_is_a_high_functioning_alcoholic/

I have been sober for over 18 months now.  Sometimes I think my sobriety forces others to evaluate their own struggles with alcohol.  A new acquaintance of mine is not in denial of his alcoholism but claims that he is a high functioning alcoholic.  I don't make it my duty to tell people how to live their lives and I know that the only way someone will change is if they really want to change.  He doesn't seem to want to change but he seems really insecure and unhappy and keeps asking what I think of him.  I told him that I think he drinks too much and that it's not really my place to tell him how to live his life.  Should I just distance myself from this person?  I feel like he may bring trouble upon me or somehow ruin the hard work that I have put in to changing my life for the better.  He is a nice guy has some redeeming qualities similar interests and friends that I would like to meet but it just seems that it's not worth it.  Do you think it would be worth it to try to help him?  I'm not even sure that he wants to change and I'm dealing with my own mental health struggles.
----------immediate responses--------

Hanging out with insecure and unhappy people is no fun.  Sounds like you already know that he could bring you trouble.  It is hard enough to keep myself straight without the added worry of taking on someone else's issues especially when they might not see a problem to begin with.  
This actually sounds like a lot work. I wouldn't jeopardize my sobriety if I was already concerned about the person and their issues. You've worked too damn hard for this; stay vigilant. You need to take care of YOU first and foremost.
High-functioning alcoholism is just a phase on the way to death. I'd say to ask my friend who functioned as an alcoholic quite well until 2014 and then slid down into the grave over the course of a year and a half before his 40th birthday: he was VERY sure his high functioning alcoholism was a way of life and wasn't going to lead to his death...You can't ask him however as he was a deluded idiot who his now dead.
My neighbor mentioned a few weeks ago that 'hey you're just like me we're both high functioning alcoholics'. I kinda laughed inside a bit as an alcoholic is an alcoholic. I didn't reply to him just kinda agreed and went on with other conversation. ..There's one type of alcohol and one type of alcoholic. And it alls end the same way if you keep at it. ..I'd distance myself from the guy personally. You can decide if you want to drink or not... he has to decide for himself. I've shed quite a bit of negative energy in my life over the past few years and haven't looked back. ..edit: congrats on the 18 months! I had that a few years back and miss it. 
I would keep this acquaintance at arms length. The way to be a positive influence on him at the moment is by leading a sober life and showing him it's a better way to live. ..You never know over time he might come to realise that sobriety could be better for him too and then reach out for help...Always remember you *have* to take care of yourself first and foremost.
If you're the smartest person in the room you're in the wrong room.   .Functioning alcoholics dont stay that way for too long.   .I can tell you from experience the slope is slippery and only one way.   .Let him know you're there to help him if he reaches out for it but you need to look after yourself so you'll be keeping your distance from him.   .Unless he asks for support to help quit stay far  far away.   .Look after yourself.   .Keeping the company of an active alcoholic will surely bring you no good. 
Hey.  He won't change but he will change you.   Run far run fast
Some say that a "functional alcoholic" is simply an alcoholic who hasn't lost his or her job yet.
