-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53bysu/new_to_the_community_14th_sober_day_today/

Hello everyone! I've been reading this subreddit since just before I stopped drinking and it has been a massive help. Now that I have made it to 13 days sober I thought I'd like to post as well...I feel like a bit of a fraud I suppose because I never drank heavily enough to consider myself to have a problem. I read about people who quit after drinking a full bottle of spirits every day and I think wow THAT is an achievement. That is incredible. All I did was drink a beer or a wine or two most nights and drink to get drunk one or two nights a week. Physically quitting is not hard. I stopped because I wanted to lose weight and feel better. ..But now that I've been sober I realise how much space alcohol took up in my life. For the last ten years or so I used it to mask every unpleasant feeling. I've struggled with depression and anxiety and especially social anxiety since puberty (I'm a 29 year old woman) and once I discovered alcohol at university it became my solution. Anxious? Drink. Depressed? Drink. Feel rejected? Feel anxious at a party? Feel bored? Feel empty? Celebrating? Want to have a good fun time? Bottle of wine! I became so social...Now that I'm sober I struggle so much with being lucid ALL OF THE TIME. There's no break from the stress or self hate. I have no hobbies I am used to spending time on. With friends I am used to having drinks so I have avoided seeing them for now. I am so lonely! I've had paralysing anxiety overwhelming weeping spells and awful mood swings...But I am so so glad I quit. I have more energy to get up early and do my work (I am an artist) I feel more present when I visit my nieces and even though I am in emotional pain quite a lot I feel strong for facing it head on and optimistic that I can take steps to make it better. It feels like a weird new life. I have finally been open about my feelings with some of my closer friends and have made plans for sober friend dates this week. ..I want to thank this community. Every day that I have felt worn out and craved a drink because it would fix everything I have read posts that validated what I felt and reminded me why I am doing this. This is a wonderful place and you are saving lives.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I can relate to the mood swings for sure. But like you I'm glad I quit and this community has helped me through every single day...I'll be staying sober with you today! 
Congrats on your sobriety! I also suffer from depression and anxiety and drinking was masking mine in all sorts of crazy ways. I was able to get well once I stopped drinking saw a doctor and started taking prescribed medication. What a difference! Have you seen any doctors about the condition?
Welcome! Do not feel like a fraud. I sincerely believe that the volume of what we drink does not matter. Its the negative effects alcohol has on us. Mental anguish. That's what got me. ..I can relate to a lot of what you said. Thanks for posting. 
