-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53ddh3/flashbacks/

It's sunday night and for the first time many months I feel that uneasiness that came with every Sunday while I was drinking. It's so weird I feel like I'm going mad. My head is foggy I feel all jittery. My dreams were vivid and terrifying like when you're coming down. I can barely drag myself out of bed. All the ghost of my past are coming back to haunt me. Every broken heart every broken promise (inflicted and received) are right in front of my broken mind. My mind is feverish and jumpy. My mouth even tastes like I've been drinking. ..There is a dark cloud over me making me aggressive and depressed. I can't talk to anyone in case they think I'm mad or a pussy. I have this feeling that somethings changed. Like something really really bad happened just offstage. I feel like I'm walking down that same long corridor the one with the monster at the end. I feel shame and paranoia. Like my sobriety was all just another dream. I haven't touched a drop in 591 days and still the creature haunts me. That's the word actually I don't feel hungover but I feel like I'm being *haunted* by the ghosts of every hangover I ever had. I'm locked in my room dreaming I'm hungover. I'm sitting here retracing my entire life like angry red veins spreading infection in my blood. I'm re-playing every decision I've ever made every mistake every fuck up that lead me to here a 29 year nothing left behind by life desperately struggling to catch up to something normal. I'm telling myself it's stress. Maybe a fever? But the voices in my head cry madness... Fake it till you make it. One day at a time blah blah. I know all that I DO all that. It's very hard staying sober but it doesn't matter because I'm a hard man. But what they never ever tell you is how undeniably soul crushingly lonely it is. I feel so far removed from my loved ones I wonder sometimes if I'm even here at all. Did I die? Am I dreaming somewhere in a puddle of vomit? All I feel is haunted solitude punctuated by moments of paralyzing horror at all that I've pissed away. I'm so overwhelmed out of nowhere. I realized how alone I am and it scared me. I don't know what I'm talking about it's hard to explain what I mean. Even if I could explain it wouldn't help. How could I trust my own mind? I'm just a burn out ex-drunk how can I trust me. I dunno. I wont drink today......or ever again. But it doesn't matter. It's too late the damage is done. I know what I am. That's all I have - that and thousands of miles of regret. Fuck it though. I know tomorrow will be better. It just will be. Maybe I needed this reminder. I dunno. ..My love to all of you struggling out there keep moving forward. 
----------immediate responses--------

I went through a very very DARK period about 14 months out--that was not alleviated for a some time.  You are of course answering your own post with your comments that reference the tools that you already know.  But let me add two more: counseling and engagement with others in recovery.  Those things helped me get through the dark days.  BTW no less a legend than Dr. Bob Smith one of AAs founders describes a very tough second year sober.  He went on to personally help thousands and thousands of newly sober.
This may sound totally obvious and I'm not trying to be flippant but can you try to go do something? Get out of your head for an hour or two. Go for a walk/run/workout clean something go hang out with a friend go to a movie go shopping go drive. I don't know it just seems like you're trapped in your head and need a distraction.
Gabapentin works very well for me. Not just for alcohol cravings but for anxiety as well for me. Have you been to a counselor? I am not an AA'er but talking helps. I didn't have friends while I was drinking and certainly don't now. I have found focusing on self imporevment helps with the loneliness. And having a dog.
