-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53gqqz/these_are_not_the_drinks_youre_looking_for/

I have been at this point before where not drinking becomes easy and not a burden. I quit drinking May 15th but the number of days behind my name shows me I have found it easy before. Three times to be specific. Feeling healed felt pure but became a trick of the mind. First two (short) relapses gave me good insights in why I shouldn't drink. Still there was a third time I picked up a few drinks for a few days.That time I really had a hard time to decide to leave it alone again. That cheating voice was back in my head telling me that it was ok to drink today that I would quit again tomorrow. I was caught with my guard down..Alcohol pulled some jedi mind tricks on me. Instead of less visiting SD after 3 weeks sober again I decided that at least every two/three days I will come back to keep reading and post once every week. This time I am the Jedi..Yesterday was my sisters birthday and I saw my aunt and uncle who I love very much. Ofcourse I anticipated the question on how I am doing since I did not see them for over a year and decided I would be brutally honest with my aunt. My sister has a new husband so there were some people I did not know. I did not care if they would overhear me talk with my aunt and I could see some listening in with half an ear (if that makes sense in English) but it was all good. It feels real good to open up to people you know and love. At this point I do not miss alcohol but if and when I it strikes I am ready. Bring it!.Have a nice one today my favorite unknowns of the net.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice attitude! Your focus determines your reality :P
I think I miss alcohol but why would I miss something that controls me robs me of my money time and memory? I hate alcohol and I am on guard at all times. 
If the itch strikes you come on here! It always helps me to read posts if I'm struggling. :) Keep it up - being honest to friends or family is a good thing to do because they'll only support you and be there for you. I've learned that most people totally understand and some are even inspired to join in - whether they have an issue or not. I will not drink with you today!
