-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53hmso/i_keep_relapsing/

I've been trying to stop drinking on and off for most of this year. I keep relapsing. Sometimes it's because I want to moderate. Sometimes it's just because I want to drink. I drank on Thursday a bit of wine with dinner. Forced myself to not get more. Friday I had quite a lot and bought more to drink at home. Same on Saturday and Sunday...I didn't particularly want to drink on Saturday or Sunday but I was like well I've thrown away my badge now. In my head it's all or nothing. Maybe I need to stop seeing having one drink as failure. Or maybe it means I'm not ready to quit? I don't know...It's so stupid now I have to suffer the first few days all over again.
----------immediate responses--------

I had to reset today too. I kinda get your thought on Well the badge is lost let's make it count! .But I had 5 sober days before that and any sober day is a win for me and my liver (no joke). I try to think of it as any sobriety is better than none. It helps me get through the first couple sober days with less angst. I will not drink with you today.
I understand we are trained to feel that if we are not drinking after work or on weekends we are not doing it right...nothing could be further from the truth...getting past that is a huge step forward
Same here.  I can abstain/ moderate for a while but drank too much Friday because I got overconfident. One drink is not a failure but if you reason that if you're having one so your sobriety is ruined and you might as well go balls to the wall then it gets dangerous. ..Most of us can't moderate. But if I cut down my drinking by 90% that would be so much better than this cycle of all or nothing because then I wouldn't feel so deprived.  Problem is I haven't figured out how to do that in a healthy way.  ..Good luck I will not drink today with you.
I think it's pretty much just part of the process of quitting. Don't beat yourself up over it. Just keep trying.
