-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53nm7h/back_again_after_some_denial/

Hi I just wanted to make a post to keep accountable. .About 2 months ago I had a break up. I was so proud that I didn't binge through the break up that I relapsed again and started drinking again almost every day. I even bought bigger bottles since I got a Costco membership! I was trying to moderate but realize I can't keep a bottle in my house without drinking it. I noticed I was going through those bottles way too quickly; my tolerance is too high. ..This past weekend I felt so disgusting drinking by myself Friday and Saturday (and with friends the nights before) then on Sunday going to the park with a friend (who barely drinks) and getting blacked out. My friend and her boyfriend are amazing and made sure I made it home safely. I am so embarrassed I probably won't text her for awhile. I feel like I have to be holed up in my place. But if I'm alone at my place I also want to drink...On Sunday after I woke up from a stupor (and the last Sunday... and the one before...) I thought "I won't drink this week!" I didn't drink yesterday but when 5pm hit I was itching to drive to the store. I am happy I didn't drink but I know I'll get tempted again because "I deserve it I didn't drink yesterday." ..Also I have requested a badge reset. I definitely have not been sober for 64 days. Rather that's roughly the amount of days I've been avoiding this sub in a period of denial. ..Thanks for reading. I'm going to try to stay busy after work today with some errands and laundry. 
----------immediate responses--------

What helped me when I got sober and to this day is alcoholics anonymous.  You mentioned you are going to try to stay busy after work.  From 8-5pm Monday - Friday I was busy with work but evenings and weekends were tough.  Idle time was not good for me so I got to a meeting in the evenings and weekends.  While me default setting is to be alone being with others with the same problem helped immeasurably.  
Welcome back!..I drank over emotions both good and bad. I drank over everything. That's what alcoholics do--perfectly natural. So I had to start practicing "atypical" behavior and consciously avoid the first drink (cuz all bets are off after that first drink). Eventually that "atypical" behavior starts to feel "typical" and that right about when I started to almost feel normal...That's also the point where I would usually stop doing what was keeping me sober so for me the time to focus on my sobriety is when I have it. I won't have to worry about that if I don't have it as I wouldn't be able to avoid looking at it. It's easy to forget when things are going well so the better things are the more I focus on what keeps me sober so I can keep it that way. It is very counterintuitive thinking and acting but it as worked for me.
I think you very much need a hobby. Try some new things find something you really enjoy then stick with it. Maybe make some new friends go out and explore nature. I sound like a hypocrite because these are all things I should be doing as well but starting today I will. 
