-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53pcv8/feeling_better_but_it_doesnt_seem_like_enough/

I'm cranky and I'm struggling.  I guess I feel better overall....I'm on day 10.  But I don't feel like I'm losing weight or sleeping better or my skin is clearing up (or any of the common improvements we see here) and it's starting to disappoint me.  I want those big moments of seeing the change ya know?  I know I should probably just be patient and only worry about today but I'm feeling down.  I don't feel the urge to drink but I feel like I'm not getting as much out of this as I had hoped.  Not trying to be a debbie downer but I needed to get that off my chest.  Thanks for reading and thanks for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

I was surprised by the big changes because I was distracted in the early days with my marriage and home life suddenly having disappeared and the knowledge that I needed to change deeply and quickly if I was going to survive. It was therapy and counselling and a lot of crying too. By the time I started to come back to feeling like myself I was well more than a month in and I had made other drastic lifestyle changes (dietary had no car so got way more exercise)...I do my best to keep an eye on my 24-hour horizon to do my best in that period and to let the long term work itself out based on what I do in those 24-hour blocks. (Naturally I do things in those 24 hours that won't bear fruit for days weeks or months... but I remember that I'm only really in control of the next day.) ..By the way at 10 days I didn't see any exciting changes. I hadn't even created this Reddit account yet. All I had going for me was sobriety. And that was the day I got my wife's lawyer's letter demanding the moon and the stars...Hang in there!
I'm in the same boat right now. My main issue is that I thought i would feel happier somehow. I have good days but depressed days still outnumber them. But from reading other people's stories I have hope that I WILL feel happy one day once my mind has healed a bit more. ..I'm hoping that for both of us we just take a little longer to see improvement and that it is on its way any day now!
Hang in there guys it's a marathon not a sprint! It only gets better and easier
A journey of a thousand steps starts with just one. Or something like that. What do you wish to see change? I am on day 5 for the millionth time. I tend to drink in one night binges regret it and hate the hangover then stay sober for an undetermined amount of time. Usually long enough to forget about said hangover. And the stupid stuff I did. I get up early 4:45 am just to make muffins or waffles or omelets to enjoy a rested and quiet morning. For a reminder of one reason I don't drink
I had to adjust my expectations. I'm not like a brand new person. I haven't lost weight (thank you ice cream) I don't think my skin looks any better or worse I'm still not a morning person. But.....I always wake up at home in my own bed. I don't wake up with a pounding headache and a need to vomit. I don't need half a pot of coffee to function in the morning.  I'm wasting my money on other things like movies and dessert. I picked up a second job that occupies my free time. I have made some new friends in AA. ..It's progress.
I think you will see these changes in time. Everyone is different so what takes days for some may take weeks for others. Don't worry the struggle will be worth it! 
