-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53s4tm/back_sober_again/

Sighs.....What am I doing?..I got sober for one month in 2014.Five and a half months in 2015.Four and a half months in 2016..Relapsed and now I'm trying again. Every time I relapsed for the same reasons. I thought I was ready to go out sober and not drink then decided 'maybe I can just get wasted and go back to being sober again' and found out I couldn't. ..After 16 days I'm having the same thoughts again. 'Maybe I can just....' It's the same fucking ADDICT voice in my head...I hate it all...I just wish I could have a few drinks like I can occasionally eat Burger King without eating it six times a day. A little bit of decadence is necessary for a human being...But instead I think in these black and white terms...I'm meeting a girl this week and she's a drinker. I'm so scared I'll relapse but I don't want to cancel it. ..I hate feeling like I'm caught between living life as a drunk and locking myself away from life sober...Even though that's NOT true because for every ONE good night I had at least ten times more drinking at home scared I'd never be able to stop myself...Alright. Maybe this can help...PEACE
----------immediate responses--------

I know how you feel. There is that sneaky voice in our heads like a trigger. I will not drink this time. Remember how bad you will feel tomorrow if you do. And remember it will never be just 1. I will not drink with you tonight 
The way my mind works about alcohol vs. the Burger King analogy: I'll always want MORE addictive alcohol. I can't even imagine saying to myself "maybe I'll have a drink or two this week". I'd be doomed and would wind up right back in detox (if I even made it there)...On another note I'd be very concerned about meeting the girl that drinks. It almost sounds like mentally preparing for a relapse... In my case I know that going to meet with a guy that drinks is going to be a risk and possibly jeopardize my sobriety. So for me I just wouldn't put my 7+ months that I worked so effing hard for at stake. Stay vigilant!
Once I figured out that I was simply addicted to an addictive substance it made things a little easier. It wasn't just me. I wasn't defective. ..This has made it easier to avoid taking that first drink. Because I know now that I can't drink moderately. That one drink will never be enough...It took me many relapses to learn this. But each relapse brought me closer to where I am today...I will not drink with you today my friend.
When I was doing online dating I purposefully did not respond to anyone who said they were a non-drinker or drank very little. I can only imagine the great guys I passed by. Just saying that so you will know there are plenty of non-drinkers or normies out there if you choose to skip this date. 
The thoughts that have been helping me lately is that I have a disease. It runs in my family. In order to keep the disease at bay so it doesn't get worse I have to not drink. Sobriety is my medication and it keeps me (and my relationships and my house and my job) healthy.
I cancelled my plan to meet the girl...I said if we meet again it has to be without alcohol...I can't risk my sobriety...I've tried being around it before and I failed at the test of temptation...The only chance I have at any sort of life is a sober one...I feel like an idiot. I feel like an overthinking and overfeeling freak. I fucking hate myself...I'm bitter and angry and unfun and annoying with or without alcohol...But at least I'm not drinking today. At least I have that.
