-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53xm46/rant_about_the_things_im_scared_of/

1. My fiance and I have 3 weeks sober. He will be leaving for inpatient rehab within the next week or two for heroin addiction. I'm afraid of being without him I'm afraid of him being without me. We are very good at keeping each other sober. What if he relapses? What if I relapse? ..2. I need to tell my son's father why I have been in and out a lot in the past few months. When I was drinking I didn't feel like I was a good influence on my son's life so I distanced myself for a while. I genuinely felt and still think he's better off without me when I am not sober. His father is a religious man and I think he will be understanding of me with my constant AA meetings and working the steps and trying to forge a relationship with the Lord...3. I just started a new job serving and bartending. So far the place seems like a shit show but I just finished training and I'm still afraid of failing. What if I'm terrible at it and can't pay my bills? What if I hate it and can't find other work? What if I can't connect with co workers and feel isolated?..4. I'm afraid I won't ever feel comfortable in my life. Whether that be comfortable in finances comfortable in friendships comfortable in my own skin. What if I wasn't meant to have a stable future?..5. My fiance has had no trouble making sober friends with the guys at our home group. They all smoke together and say hey man nice to meet you I'm "whoever". I have a harder time making personal connections with the girls. I still feel like an outsider...These are some struggles I'm dealing with right now just needed to get them off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

I know addiction chewed away at my self esteem and confidence. Because I knew I was doing the wrong things in my life. Leaving the alcohol out of my life is helping me feel right with myself and the world around me. Sounds like you know whats best for you and those you love. Press on. 
Hey give yourself a break do the program but easy does it.  I get very overwhelmed but when I focus on just doing the next right thing it seems to get better. I get totally lost in the what ifs it effects my mental health negatively. ..This program is not without its issues for me but I have always looked at the religious members with envy. Excuse the irony but as an atheist I want to ask you to put your trust in the Lord. Have faith and work the program be patient and remember the promises. .."Are these extravagant promises? We think not. They are being fulfilled among us .sometimes quickly sometimes slowly. They will always materialize if we work for them." ..I wish you well lets just keep on keeping on. 
 I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. ..Frank Herbert *Dune*..This is a favorite quote of mine from a book that I loved many years ago. I use this frequently as a personal mantra when fear looms large in my life.
