-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/53zqjt/i_convinced_myself_i_couldnt_sleep_without_alcohol/

And on my first night I proved myself wrong. ..Night 1 I was exhausted from the night before. .Night 2 I slept the best I've slept in a long time.Night 3 the struggle bus was back on..But I'm still going strong. It's crazy for two straight years of my hardest drinking how I reasoned with myself of what situations I "needed" alcohol to carry on. Now I realize I was clearly self medicating my anxiety but how absurd it was that my drinking and actions while drunk actually led to more anxiety. ..Two years of convincing myself I wasn't an addict while slurring and stumbling my way through nightclubs. And when the alcohol became too much to handle I turned to cocaine to stay awake recover and keep drinking. I had myself convinced that because I had a grasp on moderation prior to my abusive relationship I had a grasp on it now...These 3 nights have been amazing albeit challenging. Waking up every morning has felt like a true "awakening." Every day I see with more clarity and for that I'm extremely thankful. I find this new path extremely empowering and am glad this sub exists as an on-demand support system. ..Last night was especially rough. I started a business with friends (who are primarily stronger alcoholics than I ever was) a few years back. My "work after work" habit was to drink heavily through my work post 5PM and be smashed by the time I got done (of course so I could sleep). We had a meeting with a client and everyone was drinking. Had my first few urges but pushed them aside. ..Today as I woke up I thanked my past self for not taking the bait. Even if I struggled to sleep last night I still feel better than the guaranteed hangover I would have had and I got more done. ..Anyway. Day 3 here just wanted to share my experience. Thanks for taking the time!
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here. Mornings are so much better sober. I will not drink with you today.
Keep it up man! Stay strong! I try to always take it one day at a time :)
Congrats!  I'm right there with you.  Last night was a HUGE accomplishment for you!  ..&gt;Every day I see with more clarity and for that I'm extremely thankful. I find this new path extremely empowering and am glad this sub exists as an on-demand support system...I could not have said that better.  Exactly the way I feel right now.  I'll not drink with you today!  :)
