-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/540la0/new_here_and_a_can_you_stop_drinking_without_aa/

I am very glad to come across this site.  Today is Day one sober for me and this has been going on for years.  I have been in AA for about 2 years but relapsed twice in the program.  I live in a very small town and don't believe in the "anonymity" of the group.  Also there is a few old timers there that seem to control everything.  I want to quit but am unsure of AA is the way for me..
----------immediate responses--------

i have not been to a meeting. that's just me but it's working out so far.
I have never done AA. I am only 15 days but I have gone longer stints before as part of 30/60 day challenges etc. I believe this time it is for good!..I read This Naked Mind...twice! And I researched positive stories of those who stopped drinking. I tend to be the type of person that is more motivated by positivity and this Naked Mind was very helpful in that regard. I also check-in here daily to confirm my commitment and read all the positive stories of those who have stopped drinking whether it is 7 days or 7 years. ..I am in no way trashing AA especially since I have never tried it - it certainly seems to work for many people here - but there are those of us who succeed quite well without it. 
AA is neither necessary nor sufficient. A person doesn't need AA to stop drinking. And people in AA need more than just AA to stop drinking...If AA isn't working out or doesn't seem like the right fit I see no problem with trying different strategies. 
Haven't done AA. I really rely on this sub-reddit though. And a few months into quitting I started seeing a social worker w substance abuse training. Most days drinking isn't a temptation. But it is sometimes and it's still good for me to just have these standing appointments to talk about alcohol. That's esp true bc I'm in my first year of not drinking. So there are all kinds of firsts without drinking - birthdays holidays anniversaries funerals etc. More ups than downs these days but again I do need support. Just haven't used AA for that.
I was unsure about AA too. I went to check it out and it turned out to be a significant help early in my sobriety. I no longer go to meetings but it gave me a very important sustained push into a much healthier mindset. I'd recommend going to a meeting and seeing if it connects with you. It can't hurt. But to answer your question you can definitely quit without AA. 
[removed]
There are many different paths to sobriety. I primarily use this sub for my support. I'm pretty antisocial (okay extremely antisocial) and the thought of sitting down in a room full of strangers fills me with dread.
I did. Just used this awesome sub reddit. I was going to go to AA but I decided against it.  I'm too proud to admit I need help maybe but I'm doing OK on my own.  Let's not drink today! 
I doubt I could've come as far as I have without AA...As you know there's no commitments with AA so there's no harm in showing up for a few more meetings to be sure. The cranky-controlling-old-timer-ism is definitely there but numerous other benefits come for going...That said I've seen numerous others in here who've been doing fine without AA. It's not for everyone...Ultimately only you can make that judgement for yourself.
AA didn't appeal to me either though I saw a lot of benefits.  To me the most important thing is some form of support from others.  This sub helps me to realize all the great benefits of sobriety but I know I need something stronger (have just started therapy) to keep me honest. 
I am finding AA useful but I have also found a good group. More than one really. Yet what forms the foundation for my sobriety is Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. I think AA would not have been any use without it. Long story short AA works for many as the primary path to sobriety but it's only one path...Of course the AA crowd might say you don't want what they have and are not willing to go to any lengths to get it. I don't endorse that. Only you know for sure...Whatever path you choose I'm not drinking with you today. 
[deleted]
I don't love AA.  In fact there are days I hate the meetings and socializing and all the hoops I jump through to stay clean and sober...There are lots of other options - SMART therapy group therapy outpatient rehab inpatient rehab.......That said whenever I stopped going to AA for any amount of time I would relapse and stay in that hole until meetings and my sponsor pulled me out.
AA isn't the only way.  It works for some people but for some others it doesn't.  I'm currently attending S.M.A.R.T. meetings near me and although the group is small as an atheist its science-based methodology works better for me than AA's spiritual/religious-based methodology.
[removed]
This sub was my main support in getting sober.
absolutely. you can stop drinking by not picking up a drink any time you want one and you can get support through lots of different avenues. therapy aa here the chat friends family. find something that works for you :) good luck
I did YMMV...
I use AA as one piece of my much bigger program. I also use SMART Recovery books like the naked mind and rewired. I also listen to a bunch of podcasts. ..Sites like this subreddit and chat rooms keep me connected to others. So I can focus on the similarities not the differences as we all find our sober path. ..
186 days and counting and without attending a single AA meeting or even reading/knowing (much) about the org etc. So probably *not* a requirement but I truly believe that finding some kind of program that you are comfortable with is far superior to trying to go it alone. ..Which is why I want to say that while I did not participate in AA *I* most certainly did *not* go it alone. SD played and still does play a *huge* part in my drying out. (Thank you SD one and all.)..About your not believing in the anonymity . . . You sure you're not more looking for a reason why not to attend? (Don't answer *me* answer *yourself*.)..Oh let me add a bit about my not going it alone: I've got a very sick wife whom I love very much and who depends on me to care for her. Plus I'm old-*er*. I believe both conditions further change and effect the dynamics of the drying out process. As opposed to say were I free-range single with smooth wrinkle-free skin and a full head of hair and my life ahead of me instead of . . . Well you probably get the point...Good luck and congrats on Day 1 and I/we hope you maintain the trend. And remember: SD is always here and we really are anon and yet we know from whence you come.
Absolutely if you're like me.  I can go without (and I'm done forever) any time.  My problem is I can't drink A beer.  Nope.  When I drink A beer I need another 20 to follow it.  I'm one of those alcoholics and I hated it.
AA is helping me. This is the first time I have tried to quit drinking and so far I have been successful just over 3 months. It has helped me to talk to other alcoholics have some sense of accountability and listen to others' experiences. Sometimes they are a good reality check too when I start thinking about drinking again. I just started reading and working the steps too which challenges me to think through this thing. I tried about 15 groups before I settled on the meetings I like best.
