-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/543yxy/the_mental_hangover_is_what_always_scares_me_into/

The few measly hours of "enjoyment" I get just aren't worth the horrible feelings the next day...First of all - the shame just feeling like I let myself down again and get this bad. Then the anxiety - heart palpitations sweats shakes throat tightness not being able to sleep (and nightmares if I do). Genuinely feel like I'm about to die or have a heart attack sometimes...And of course there's the vomiting nausea... not being able to keep food or drinks down.....I just really want to make a go if it this time. This last year I've put on tons of weight since relapsing become much more withdrawn and anti-social and I've lost count of how many times I've seen a big pile of empty bottles build up over a few days of binge drinking and feeling such an immense sense of self-loathing...Every time I've attempted sobriety before in the past (usually only last a few months) this community was always great to come back to and read. Thanks for letting me rant.
----------immediate responses--------

But great self-awareness! I wish you the best.
I'm so glad you are here. I too have tried stopping before mainly due to health reasons like you describe. This time though it is because I have finally had my horrific behavior fully described to me by someone watching closely and I am disgusted. It was easy to be a drunk in solitude nobody really could see it (I thought) but I am truly going down this road this time and I hope you will choose to not drink with me on the journey. Best wishes.
The last time I relapsed the mental anguish was the main reason I had a hard time making a comeback... I knew what was in store for me and was terrified to go through that again... funny I totally forgot about the horrendous withdrawals I had suffered in the past and decided alcohol was a great idea... selective memory of an addict...
&gt;The few measly hours of "enjoyment" I get just aren't worth the horrible feelings the next day...So true! And the older I get the shorter and shorter the "enjoyable" time becomes. Definitely not worth it..
I wish you the best and good on you :)..For me personally I feel I have reached a point where I think of hangovers with utter contempt. I cant imagine going back to drinking but I know that alcohol is a tricky foe so I need to be alert...Stay strong stay sober.
Hey. I have those exact same symptoms to a fucking tee almost every time I drink (and i can get them from one night of drinking!). Its scary as shit and i'm always worried I am just going to die from heart failure or something. Stay strong man. The weight will fall off if you can stop in-taking all those calories from drinking/ eating food to survive the drinking. Also you will feel 100 times better and the self loathing will subside greatly in even a week. I always find that when I drink regardless of how long the hangover or withdrawl is I emotionally feel uncharacteristically negative and anxious for about a week. Here is to not drinking and not having a heart attack! ..As an old timer once told me. "don't drink even if your ass falls off". Which is a hard motto to live by since whenever my ass falls off I want to drink to take a break from dealing with it. Good luck man!
