-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/545tn1/struggling/

Im not sure how to get a badge so please excuse me for that.  Im in my fourth week being sober.  It is really hard right now.  Last night I could not fall asleep because of the brutal desire to drink.  I find myself driving home from work and just craving alcohol.  I am very very irritable and I sometimes find that isolating myself is the best thing I can do so as not to explode on the people around me.  Really not enjoying this but I know it must be done.  I figured I would reach out on this forum and honestly just typing this out now has alleviated a weight off my chest...I always crave binge drinking after three weeks of sobriety.  This is my pattern.  I am going to beat this week.  I am not going to drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a lot of strong cravings throughout the first three months.  It helped to go hour to hour at times because the desire can be overwhelming.  You're on the right path I will join you today in no drinking /u/newshoesjohnny you got this!  Post as much as you need to help you get through this!
Thanks for posting. Kudos for four weeks! I could not stay sober without the help of a therapist and AA. It was too hard. I hope you find the support you need and deserve.
I've never really thought of "craving binge drinking" but now that you say it I can relate... There's something about drinking a large quantity of alcohol that subdues something inside of me for a while. It's like it builds up -- rage angst anxiety impatience energy -- until I can't take it anymore. I feel that pressure relieved after a night of heavy drinking even with a hangover. Is that how it feels for you?..For what it's worth I'm not drinking today either.
I will not drink with you today friend! Hang in there!
I completely understand the craving for binge drinking. That sums up my weekends but tonight I'll be not drinking with you. 
Today I feel angry with those urges and the people they are botherings. Good people who want better lives. Lets tell the to f off!!! I wont drink with you today!!!
Hang in there!  Posting here is a great step. Let's not drink together today!!
You're further ahead in sobriety than I so what do I know. But I just wanted to say hang in there you CAN do this! I will not drink with your today! 
btw if you would like to get a badge you can do so in the right hand navigation there is a link under Badges. 
Four weeks is awesome hang in there mate! I will not drink with you today! 
Hang in there. ..I'm here with you today not drinking. I gave in to a craving and it turned into a multi-week binge...I decided I need support. I said I was going to get a therapist but I didn't. I said I was going to go to AA but I didn't. Instead I ended up drinking more than I ever had before. ..Today I'm so ill I had to miss work and I haven't left my bed except to run to the bathroom. I'm too ill to sleep. ..Tomorrow I'm going to AA. And finding a therapist. I've discovered I can't do this alone. I love this online group but I need more. That's just me. Without the other support I've been on a binge and repeat cycle and I physically and mentally wiped out and in pain. ..Every time I've picked up after a time of sobriety it's always gotten worse. Always. Not once did it work out. ..There are a lot of strong people on this board. Sometimes sobriety is a minute at a time but it's worth getting through those minutes to avoid the hell I'm in now. 
Thank you to all of you who commented and empathized with me.  I feel a lot better because of it.  This is a great community.  I wish you all empowerment in your sobriety.  Much appreciation. 
