-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54afaz/loneliness/

I'll start by saying that none of the following entices me to drink (2 years happily sober) just searching for some advice and a place to rant/vent..I use to be heavily in the music business. When I quit drinking I also quit doing music (for reasons of making my daughter a priority) I definitely had a feeling of losing my identity.  For 10 years  that's who I was. It's what I did. It was my passion. ..I was able to occupy my time with new hobbies.. but I lost a LOT of friends. Between music and partying I guess I never realized how few *true* relationships I actually had. ..A few months into my sobriety  I started dating a woman who didn't drink. She wasn't in recovery she just never really drank.. and so it was perfect. We both had a kid and our families messed instantly. ..At the same time I started going thru the courts to get full custody of my daughter as well as fighting to be my full drivers license reinstated (DUI from 7 years prior :/) and it was stressful to say the least. But atleast I had a good girlfriend and some hobbies to keep my mind off things..Her dad got sick and ended up passing away and between the stress and depression we were both dealing with our relationship started to struggle. I honestly can't say who was at fault but I'll take responsibility for not working on things as hard as I could have. We split up 2 months ago (dated for almost 2 yrs)..Things with the court went shitty as fuck. 15000$ later I was told my daughter would still be with her mother despite the overwhelming amount of evidence I presented to the courts.  I'm in Michigan and it's a mother's rights state which means essentially  as long as she's not a crackhead or a prostitute  the courts assume she's the better parent. I now get my daughter less than I've ever had her (pretty much had full sole physical custody up until taking her to court) and theyre hitting me for a ridiculous amount of child support because the mother doesn't work and they claim I make "superior income"..Not to mention  the secretary of state is still fucking me around on my license :/ and after my in-car breathalyzer malfunctioned last month they've temporarily suspended my license until I can come in for a hearing to explain myself.  The day it happened I emailed the SOS and the breathalyzer company explaining the error message  etc.. they both assured me I wouldn't violate. Nevertheless I get that letter in the mail. When confronted about the situation they both pretty much say "yeah you shouldn't have been violated and we're sorry.. but because it's already been put into the system it's now out of our hands. Come in for your hearing and everything will be straightened out"..I've been waiting on my hearing date fir 5 weeks now.  Damn near about to lose my job for lack of transportation. Thank god I've got a supportive family whose closer enough to help me get to and from work :/..And now a big piece of me misses my ex. I've got no real friends I can talk to. And basically  life is just kicking my ass right now!..I celebrated 2 years of total sobriety on 9/11 but it feels like 2 steps forward 10 steps back. I'm lonely and depressed and frustrated with my situation..It's hard to meet people when social drinking isn't in the equation. It's hard to "make new friends" at 30 years old when everybody else has cliques and relationships they established years ago..I know it's possible but damn it seems difficult. ..Sorry for the wall of text lol I don't know what I'm really expecting. I know I've gotta try to maintain my sanity. I know sobriety is the best gift I've ever given myself. I've tried to talk to my ex but she doesn't seem to want to work on things and I've gotta respect her decision. I know soon I will be driving again. I know I'm still blessed by my beautiful healthy happy intelligent daughter.....It just.. sucks. Ha...in the trenches  currently. Hope you all are having a good weekend. Thanks for letting me clear my mind SD. I don't know where I'd be without this sub. Seriously. Today I will stay sober with you all!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry for your struggles. I've got a suck ass story too but your losses are hard and yet you seem to be powering through them and staying on the path. At 6 days sober I find that inspiring and you give me hope. SD is saving my life one hour at a time. Stay with us. Let us know how it goes. I will not drink with you today.
I'm very happy to hear you're hanging in there. You've got a real tough row to hoe. I will not drink with you today. 
I am sober with you today!! I am with you I just finished a brutal divorce and it blows me away how the courts think it is 1942 and how they treat men. My wife was charged with 4 DV charges and the courts chalked it on the board as this poor mom having a bad night. I'll never forget how wrong the divorce court are for men... Just absurdity ridicules. .Your post does resonate for me a lot! I feel very alone at time. I have really shedding most of my friends. I am lonely at times and other times I am glad I am alone. I can't  even imagine dating or being with women. I told my self I am taking 1 year if not longer no dates no women. I was a hard drinker for decades and my divorce really  through me in a tail spin. I am so happy I get to wake up this Saturday morning feeling good. I will admit the cravings were rough last night. ..Thanks for you and stay strong...Alta. 
Do you know what?..Today you've won. When I asked to be put on suicide watch they took my license away from me too. I stopped eating for weeks and started eating again because they threatened to shove a feeding tube down my throat...You can do this but only you can do that. Get up do something and eat even if it's just a little. Your child needs you and you need you...Trust me you can do this. So just DO it...Best wishes. You're stronger than you think. Use that.
Im originally from Michigan and have friends who have dealt with both custody (as the father he now works to change laws due to his outcome) and DUIs and it in both cases the courts seen to just...suck and drag on...However could you have gotten as far as this on either of you were drinking? You might have a second DUI.
Divorce is living hell when the parties won't co-operate.  My atty. told me mine was the worst divorce he'd ever seen :-(. I agree that the legal system is horrendous in its dealings with divorce and custody and child support.  I know of MANY truly tragic situations resulting from awful rulings including my own. Take care of yourself---one day it will be over and all will be different.  Why were you seeking full custody of your daughter? Unfair child support arrangements?Whatever happens your daughter will know if you love her. Kids always know. When she's older she'll understand.It will take a long time though...It's hard to be happy when you've been screwed especially when it's unjust and hurts your kids to boot.  I was in that situation. But there are really only 2 options: try to be happy or give up.  I honestly was in a terribly dark place then but I knew I had to try and I wasn't going to give my ex the satisfaction of seeing me squashed under his boot and miserable. I decided I would have to learn to be squashed but reasonably OK...I had a lonely time then too-- the divorce severed most of my social connections I had only one family member (far away) besides my kids and I am self-employed so I don't have a work social life. I had to actively try to meet people by going to different groups and activities. It was pathetic but finally my life got put back together and I have a huge social life and lots of friends and family...Hang in there. I'd be happy to say more if it would help...
:/
