-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54d723/my_second_experience_in_rehab/

I just got out of rehab yesterday and I'm back to work tonight thank god my company believed enough in me to keep me. I was a mess on the 31st made some suicidal comments to a sober friend which is what happens when I get to a certain point which is scary as hell to me. So we watched the sunset on the Mississippi river which is what I like to do near the bridge. Drunk or sober but I hope for the rest of my life sober. So we talked and I agreed and as we got to the apt to gather my belongings my mental obsession began to buck him I wasn't going easy I kept saying I had to work making every excuse possible to stay until I lost the energy to fight anymore and loaded up my belongings while sobbing that it had again came to this. ..So tail between my legs we went I had many music request on that journey he said it seemed as if I was headed to prison and that I would never hear music again. Sobbing the whole way I wrote an email to HR and let them know that I relapsed hard and would be unavailable for up to 30 days I cringed as I pressed send wondering if I would still be employed. It seems there is always a loophole they exploit in some instances. I checked in and blew an obscene number they debated on calling the ambulance and sending me there for the night I said please no all ..I thought about was getting more buried in medical debt not my life which is sad but makes sense given my past actions. So three days went by and I frankly don't remember them all I remember is the nurse checking my vitals sometimes trying to not wake me I would feel her slip the cuff on me and say david I am just checking your vitals. I must have slept for a few days they had me knocked out big time I suppose to fend off any seizures. So day 4 I was instructed to go to education group and a familiar face was there teaching about the mental obsession coupled with the physical allergy and the solution. he asked if I was visiting or checking in I said checking in and so we began day one of recovery dynamics and AA. ..I was eventually moved out of detox and community which is much more comfortable I was closed off again like I was the first time. But soon I became friends with three guys with stories of struggle and heartache just like me we each meshed. Me being the vulnerable comedian who is not afraid to express his feelings about anything not his opinion but heartfelt feelings. Another is a handsome guy who was just had a warm presence and was always there to help others and provide endless conversation about his struggles about being homeless a month ago and his addiction. And lastly the old soul who has seen too much prison but has children he is still getting to know and a wife that redefines unconditional love big guy who would take a bullet for anyone of us I believe. So that's my new crew my brothers in the struggle my new fellowship. We all landed in sober living houses close enough to each other and are doing this all together even the IOP which to me seems like rehab light after being already through it a few months ago but I am willing. ..Tomorrow I will sit down and dump my years of harms fears and resentments on another alcoholic and continue my work through the steps ( I am not promoting AA or recommending it) It's worked for me up until I stopped working the program. Rehab can be a scary ugly place sometimes but it can also be a place filled with beautiful moments. I witnessed the obession run riot the last night I was there a young man we had just got done having a great conversation with while he was sitting at the table doing his assignments called a tech at 3 am and said I'm leaving and left walking in the dark out in the middle of nowhere I pray for him. Some people just haven't hit their bottom yet or had enough I guess. The last day I was picking up my luggage at the house I stood there at the door no one was in there and I cried. Because I was going back to the world where its bottles everywhere and the other is because I felt grateful that I got to go back because some don't or can't. The other is because I was no longer hurting and it just felt different this time. I don't have to do this alone anymore new sponsor new support group and soon new homegroup. The south is getting sober everyone I saw it working and to think I had to leave the midwest to get this type of recovery Best decision ever.  
----------immediate responses--------

lovely thank you for sharing and Im glad you're well...The south *is getting sober. Represent!
I admire your willingness and openness. This disease is tough to tame. We don't always get it our first time around. Wishing you the best. Thanks for sharing 
I have been fortunate. I did rehab once and it worked for me. Good luck in your journey.
Good luck from the south of england
Best of luck.
