-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54gcm4/just_ran_8_miles_for_the_first_time_in_3_years/

Posted about a week ago with my story and my motivation to stop drinking and got some amazing support from this community. Now I'm 15 days sober feeling very positive and like I want to stay this way. A few weeks ago I would struggle to get through a mile... felt like I couldn't breathe everything hurt etc... probably from the chronic dehydration and the effects of pouring toxins into my body every day. Now I just... want to keep running. Forever. I'll probably do a half marathon soon...I'm starting to feel like "getting sober" should be renamed "giving yourself superpowers" to make it sound less somber and serious...Anyone else have a crazy immediate improvement in physical fitness like this?
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety is MY super power.
I hope I can say the same soon
[deleted]
I drank a lot even with my endurance training.  After about 60 days sober my strength and endurance goes up exponentially.  Keep up the good work.  I will take obsession about exercise over obsession about alcohol any day!  :)
Congrats on the sobriety and the mileage! I just wanted to suggest a book I found pretty excellent by a guy named Mishka Shubally. His story involves alcoholism and recovery via running and getting healthy. It's called "I Swear I'll Make it Up to You." I've been sober since 2008 and I wish I had gotten healthy and started running sooner (just ran my first 10k race). 
Wonderful! I ran 8 yesterday the longest I've ever run. Training for a half marathon on October 29. I ran about 15 miserable 5K's with hangovers over the years. What a horrible pathetic runner I was too. Now I just turned 56 and feel better than ever. Keep up the good work! You never have to run with a hungover body again!
I've been running on and off during sobriety and active drinking but it's definitely better in sobriety. I'm more motivated and eat better. I did run a half-marathon last weekend during active drinking but I also did it with absolutely minimal training and I paid for it. Two black toenails and I could hardly walk for 4 days. Ugh. So now I'm back to day 1 and hope to get back out there SOBER this time. Congrats on your run!
