-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54hxbt/about_to_relapse_i_can_feel_it/

I agreed to house/dog sit for my parents while they went on vacation for the week. They have emptied the place of booze. That's not the problem. The problem is I'm bored and lonely as dumb as that sounds. I'm a people person and I like to be around people. It's just me and the dogs here. And the only thing to do here is watch tv. I may be a weirdo but I find watching television extremely boring. There's only so many dog walks I can go on. I don't know anyone within a 150 mile radius. And I'm just day dreaming about boozing it up. I even googled the local liquor laws regarding sales on Sunday's. It isn't good. I called my sponsor and talked for a good while. Fuck I hate this. 
----------immediate responses--------

Tons of bodyweight exercise programs on YouTube! Sounds like a great time to get fit! 
[removed]
Hang tough - you got this! 
First thing I'd do is look up something delicious to eat that I either don't eat often or can only get in that area.  Then I'd probably use the internet.  Sign up for something on coursera or go through some Khan academy stuff as a refresher.  If you're super bored and not into learning new things you could have some fun by creating a throwaway email and posting fake Craigslist ads to find out how screwed up the locals are maybe even an OK Cupid account with some internet pics.  You could also look around the house for something that needs to be fixed and fix it nice little gift for the folks.  Maybe a book.  I would probably just beat a video game but that's just me.  Also decaf coffee.
Are there any meetings in the area? Might be something to look forward to if you need connection. I'm a people person too and sometimes just going to a coffee shop with my laptop can feel like I'm in the world. Is there a dog park nearby? Can you get a massage? Go to a movie? A bookstore? 
The phrasing of the title makes it sound like it's already decided- is it? If you're going to start drinking again being lonely or bored is a perfectly good excuse as is whatever else you want to pin it on. If you're willing to accept that you have a say in what happens next then try on a different way of speaking about it.  "I feel like I'm in danger of a relapse it's time to get *really really really* resourceful on how to deal with this feeling that I'm confident will pass."   Recognize that the desire isn't toward alcohol but away from discomfort.  Breathe breathe breathe...cry if you need to...and be well.  IT WILL PASS
[deleted]
We have it within us to change our outlook and our reactions to scenerios. I could stay at home and brood on being lonely and bored and think on how great getting drunk would be. Or I could go explore the area (leaving my cash at home if I'm feeling shaky in my resolve). I could see what the 'rents have for reading material. I could go catch a movie. I could cook a solid dinner for myself and bake myself some cookies.   ...Each day it is what you decide it is. If bored and lonely is all you see bored and lonely is AL you get. Be well my friend. 
When I felt like you do I went to AA meetings. They helped fill time put me in touch with sober people and gave me hope. Having a therapist to talk with taught me a lot about myself and gave me courage. Having support made it easier and more fun to be sober. ..&gt; There is nothing so bad that drinking won't make it worse. 
I would suggest to stop planning the relapse and forget about it. I have been exactly where you are right now. It is so tempting. But I am very glad I didn't relapse during those times. I think you will be glad if you don't relapse.
How long can you leave the dogs for?..I'd go on a bit of an exploration of the area even if it's familiar to you there might be places you have never been or places that you haven't been in a long while that you can reminisce about if you go...Really my suggestion is to go on a journey but not a journey that involves drinking. A journey of the mind but without chemical alterations of the mind. ..Good luck.
I have chosen deliberate relapse in the past even when I knew it was wrong. Sometimes I will call my family or different people who I know can't talk to me until the end of the day because of work or whatever. Then I patiently wait and remain sober until they call me back at night. After the phone call if it's dark outside I'll call it a day and go to sleep...Another tactic I use when feeling bored and lonely (and therefore like destroying my life) I will go walk the dog all damn day. .I live in a very remote rural area with no shops or anything entertaining. I pack a snack some water a weapon of choice (knife bear spray hatchet...) and a flashlight. Then I literally go walk off into the wilderness. If it's an especially boring day I'll walk off trail and climb any hill that catches my eye. The dog loves it and I know it's good for my mind and body to spend all that time outdoors. Only severe thunderstorms will keep me locked up inside. Good luck!
