-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54ktus/ive_recognized_that_i_have_a_problem_for_years/

I reset my badge today because I absolutely did not adhere to it at all and barely made it 4 days without a drink.  I think one of my biggest obstacles here is having the courage to go to AA.  I know a lot of people personally who attend meetings in my area but as silly as it sounds I am afraid to be seen there...I have been desperately trying to do this on my own and have even sought out therapy in the process.  That being said I feel like I can't control that stupid little voice in my head on a Friday evening and I certainly have zero ability to moderate my alcohol intake.  It then turns into late nights and drugs and things I just wouldn't even imagine doing while sober.  .. I want to go to a meeting I really do I just don't want to have to be THAT person...even if I am.  I am really struggling to find the courage but the fear of someone seeing me or running into people I know is really overwhelming.  It sounds unbelievably immature of me I realize this but bit is a serious struggle. ..I just don't know what to do.  I want to be a sober and clear headed so badly.  I want this cycle to just end because it is destroying my life.  Sorry for the mini rant it's just so much easier to do this with anonymity.  I can't even admit this to anyone I know.  
----------immediate responses--------

It took a lot of courage to make this post.  You have proven you have the courage to do whatever is necessary to get what you need..
I'm not an AA person...or even a people person for that matter. However if my choice was between something that *was* destroying my life and some *potential* embarrassment...Well I know what choice I would make...I will not drink with you today.
Thank so much. I know it's a silly thought and I shouldn't even think this way because I don't think less of anyone at all that does AA. I don't know why I'm so fearful. I've proven to myself however that I don't think I can do this alone. 
I had exactly the same fears before I went into my first AA meeting 3 months ago. I live in a big city but I am a part of the gay/lesbian community which is a "small world" so I was sure I was going to find someone I knew there and be embarrassed...I didn't run into anyone I knew. I mostly was just afraid of that label: "Alcoholic". That if I walked into that room I would have to take on that label and all the negative stigma associated with it. In time I became ok with it. I call myself an alcoholic now and I am not ashamed of my struggle anymore. At my first meeting I also brought my best friend with me so he could make sure I actually went in the building! It was a lot less scary to have someone comforting there with me. :) ..Once a barista from the neighborhood coffee shop I frequent walked into the meeting. It was kind of awkward but honestly I was just happy she was there as she was probably seeking the same help that I was benefiting from. I've not seen her in meetings since then. But I point it out just to make the point that... even if you see someone there you know they probably are just going to be happy for you that you're taking this step to help yourself...I love AA. I was struggling to get sober on my own and it wasn't working. Now I have a whole group of people to walk on this journey with. 
