-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54lwca/almost_made_it_through_the_weekend_but_then_didnt/

My biggest problem has been depression. I feel awful most of the time and have since I was a kid. I've been to therapy I've tried a few different medications and I have another round of therapy scheduled for November but so far nothing over the years has made much of a difference. Sometimes life is so painful I can't fathom enduring it until the pain goes away which it does eventually but I've often used alcohol to self-medicate in the meantime...During this most recent bout I've kept my CBT habits up. I eat healthily and not too much. I exercise daily. I go to bed at around the same time every day and sleep for roughly 8 hours most of the time. I get outside for walks at least 3 times per week. I have creative projects that I work on daily. I have meaningful regular social contact. I do this because I know that no matter how bad I feel I could feel worse and these things keep me alive if nothing else...Alcohol puts pain to one side for a time but I'm concerned that overall it contributes to my depression. That is one of the reasons I have decided to cut it out of my life the other being that I've noticed my consumption just creeps up and up and never creeps down. ..Over the weekend I went into autopilot for most of it and didn't drink Friday or Saturday and got some things done but was pretty munch on the verge of tears the whole time. On Sunday I had a large glass of wine and a beer. I felt less awful for a couple hours. I'm not trying to moderate I'm trying to quit. But I guess I'll take it as a small success that I've changed my view on alcohol enough that I stopped after the equivalent of 3 whereas before I joined here and got a badge it would have turned into an all-night bender. ..So I'm getting a reset but I'm not going to downplay the progress I've made in going from 20-30 drinks/week to less than 5. Still shooting for 0. Not drinking with all of y'all today...Are there any former drinkers out there who found drinking/not drinking had an effect on their depression? Any kind of time line I could shoot for or landmarks that made a big difference? Right now alcohol is the only respite I have from 24/7 bad feelings and it would be easier to push through if I thought that it could maybe end someday and get better if I just hold on long enough.
----------immediate responses--------

I have a history of depression. Been on and off meds for many years. Drank to self medicate etc etc.....I can tell you that while I still struggle with depression it is much better since I quit drinking. I can't offer you a timeline. I'm not even sure when I noticed. But the improvement is there and it's real...Alcohol is a depressant. It does exactly that. The euphoria that it gives is temporary and false...I will not drink with you today!
Yes. Alcohol is a depressant so it actually can contribute to an overall depressed feeling. On the other hand it numbs emotions so when drinking it can feel like a pain reliever...I've had depression since 10 years old (28 now). Been on and off medication in and out of therapy. I very much drank to self-medicate and even more insidiously drank to "abuse myself" as I've struggled with self-hatred low self-esteem etc...I rarely struggle with suicidal thoughts however I did have them quite often while drunk. I still remember one night in my apartment last... December? when I for the first time in my life actually visualized what it would look like how easy it would be etc. That was scary but it still wasn't enough to stop drinking! Sober I have no suicidal thoughts whatsoever...I'm doing therapy now no meds and AA meetings. Right now I'm the happiest I've been in years. My anxiety is also lower. I would attribute it to learning how to love and accept myself exactly the way I am. This is EXTREMELY difficult. But I make baby steps each day towards self-love and it's slowly making a difference...It didn't get better right away. When I first stopped drinking I was hit with a flood of raw crazy emotions. I would cry a lot. Feel overwhelmed. Feel like I was a screwup who'd hurt all my friends with my alcoholism. Constant alcohol cravings. It wasn't fun. ..After about 50 days of sobriety I leveled out. The "highs" were lower. The "lows" were higher. I just overall felt stable and balanced emotionally. I could laugh again. I wasn't constantly irritated at everyone &amp; everything. I was kind of cheerful and friendly even...I'm so happy now that I don't think I'd give up my sobriety for anything. I look back on the days I would drink to blackout alone every night and think "Omg I was not even alive." Even in times when I drank in moderation (1-2 drinks a day) it still had that depressant effect. Total abstinence is what has helped me...Everyone's depression is different. But for me it did get vastly better. However it took awhile and I had to hold on for dear life for the first 50 days.
I have a history of bipolar disorder (mild-moderate) and in early sobriety I intensively treated this with talk-therapy and medical supervision by an MD-psychiatrist.  I am so glad I did.  It made my sobriety possible and in turn the lifting of my symptoms are directly related to the my sustained time sober.
I too have struggled with depression (plus anxiety). Drinking definitely only fixed things temporarily and by the end I felt truly suicidal for the first time in my life... Where I was truly contemplating doing something instead of just thinking about it. ..I think stopping drink first increased my anxiety but a lot of it was because I was scared of it worsening my depression me not wanting to fail at another thing (sobriety) and me ultimately thinking far out into the future and stressing myself out. When I started taking it one day at a time reaching out to people and trusting it would pass things got easier. Now at over three months in I feel free. Sometimes my anxiety still creeps in but focusing on the moment talking to my therapist and adjusting my meds has helped me immensely. 
I've struggled with depression officially for 17 years. Unofficially much longer than that. I've been in all types of therapy on just about every medication there is. As others will tell you alcohol is a depressant and makes it so so much worse even if it seems to help in the short term. I used to absolutely love the elation and warm feelings from a buzz. That quickly spiraled into me thinking that I NEEDED it. Then I needed it CONSTANTLY. It was easier to stay buzzed and distracted. I noticed a huge difference within a couple days of quitting but I was drinking an absolute ton. Since you have a new round of therapy coming up maybe for now focus on the other stuff. Refocus on your CBT and exercise and healthy eating. Refocus on trying to change bad thoughts to better ones or when they come up distract yourself with something healthy and fun. Reach out to people get outside more read books that kind of shit that you know is good for you :) good luck with your therapy. I'm getting back into it as well. And congrats on cutting down your drinking. It will help you.
I was officially diagnosed with clinical depression last year. I continued to drink with the medication prescribed and only got worse. It wasn't until I stopped drinking and let the medications work properly after a few weeks that I felt better. The depression didn't completely go away; however I'm much more comfortable these days. I remain cognizant of the fact that alcohol will only make the depression worse - so it has been eliminated from my life. Depression sucks but I hope you're feeling better soon :).
This is where I was a few days ago. Felt suicidal. Like nothing would ever get any better but after 24 hours not drinking - the suicidal feeling passed. Still feel a bit down from time to time but I've just started taking anti depressants again and they are working (I think). I'm sort of in the danger zone now for drinking  because I am very tempted to drink now as 'I only felt suicidal for a short time so let's just get buzzed' argh. All I can say  is that my depression seems to have gotten better for staying off the booze. I just pray I can stay off it :( 
