-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54mk8e/109_days_may_not_seem_like_a_milestone_but_its/

Today it's official- this is my longest conscious attempt at sobriety. A new record. :) ..So much has happened in 109 days. I got a bonus at work for improved performance. A big difference from coming in hungover every day. ..My relationship with my GF has improved dramatically. We're still not perfect. But just 3 months ago we were in a constant fighting/separation cycle. We couldn't stand to be in the same room. She would often talk about how much she doubted our relationship. Just a few days ago she said "You're the person I fell in love with again!" If that's not an NDV I don't know what is! We're going to celebrate our 2 year anniversary on October 18th (with a 12 pack of La Croix of course!)  :)..I've reconnected with many friends whom I had neglected while drinking. And I've made new friends. I'm not isolated anymore. I actually care about their lives now that I'm not just focused on the next drink. Sober parties are truly the best parties. ..I'm happy now. That's the best change of all. I used to get drunk by myself every night and contemplate ending my life. I was selfish grumpy lifeless. Now I'm silly cheerful social optimistic. I have a meditation practice. I'm learning to love and accept myself. ..I just love sobriety guys. It's awesome...I can't be grateful enough for this community and AA. I enjoy the support when I'm struggling and I also enjoy sharing what's working for me. You truly are the best internet strangers ever.  ..Thanks everyone. Not drinking with y'all today.   
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome! Congrats! Not drinking with you!
Hey! congrats!!  Stoked to not be drinking with you today!
Wow congratulations! Not drinking with you today :) .
What a brilliant post!
That must feel FANTASTIC!!  Congratulations on each of those NDVS.  :-)
It sounds like you've made some great changes! Thanks for sharing! I will not drink with you today.
Terrific motivating post.  Thank you.
Wooohooo! Congrats on 109 WP! And also on your bonus at work :). I'm so happy for you!!!..How's that adorable pup?
Not a huge milestone? Are you fucking kidding me?! **THATS HUGE!**..Feel proud!! That's one of the hardest things anyone could ever do and you fucking did it. ..Not drinking with ya today! Gotta say it feels amazing to read posts like these. 
Looks like a milestone to me!
Seems like a milestone to me! Congrats! I will not drink today with you!
That is awesome!  I'm coming up on a milestone as well so I know how exciting that is.  Guess what - every day going forward you can celebrate the same thing again!  Each day you can set a new record for sober days.  Keep up the good work!
109 is a milestone. It is your milestone. I will not drink with you tonight
Keep rolling!  Congrats!
Give yerself a pat on the back!  It took me 13 years to get past a week.   Congrats! 
Wonderful!
Amazing!! Congrats!!
Way to go.  Much healing has taken place.  I remember your post at 30 days asking if that was enough.  Your story should inspire others who complete a 30 day challenge.  Keep it up!
