-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54pwe4/i_miss_the_glitz_and_glamor_of_drinking/

I use quotes because I know those aspects of drinking are a mere mirage. I relapsed recently over the course of a month and saw old friends made new ones and generally had a blast. Even though I recognize that those friendships were and are based around alcohol I still miss them. I know that those people are unhealthy too but there was an excitement about it. About going out and forging and maintaining relationships. This longing had left me during my previous year of sobriety and now it's back really bad. I assume it will dissipate with time but it's odd how I don't only miss booze but the culture of it all over again.
----------immediate responses--------

The things that I miss about alcohol are very small compared to what I have gained by giving it up. 
What's glitzy and glamourous about killing yourself slowly with literal poison? What's cool about indulging in an overly expensive yet horribly dangerous drug? I got out of the idea of thinking about booze in any way favorably a long time ago. I think of alcohol as basically no different from Heroin or Crack or any of those awful street drugs (alcohol is far worse in many ways). ..Peace out comrade. 
same here..guess my brain misses the fun part of it but then i overdid it ..and i will overdo it again if i start on that path ...and as you say it's a mirage of sorts so ..thoughts will pass..
Around 50 days in my mind seemed to change. My cravings are almost gone completely now. I thought I missed the whole spectacle and camaraderie surrounding drinking. Now I think that may have been mainly my addicted mind talking. My mind really wanted that euphoria alcohol provides. I no longer miss my friend "alcohol." I realize now that dude was taking advantage of me.
I definitely know what you mean. I think a large part of it is what the media has shoved down our throats (movies music tv) - the glitzy people are always hanging around with cocktails and the cool people are bonding over a beer. ..*But* we can definitely find other routes to get what we want. Let's be the funky intellectuals who make friends at book clubs or the driven athletes who forge relationships at exercise classes or the wry professionals who exchange networking tips in a coffee shop. ..I try and twist my mind around to that way of thinking when I miss the drinking culture - which I do often still. 
I will not drink with you tonight.  I have been trying to keep some of the friendships with mixed results.
There is nothin elegant about drinking. Go to a wedding sober and watch - it may be"fun" for some but it's not pretty. 
https://youtu.be/D1Oa6P7D2NQ
I guess it it your choice as to whether or not want to get back into your previous life. There was no glitz or glamour for me and I do not miss one second of it.
I don't miss the glamour of the drunk tank.  Just sayin'.
I also made the mistake of assuming it would dissipate over time...It dissipates with effort.  It dissipates when you learn how to socialize by yourself -- not letting alcohol socialize for you.  Of your friends how many would hang out with you go bowling play pool watch sports (basically the things you would normally associate with a night out) and be OK if you weren't drinking?  If the answer is 'all of them' then there's not really a problem.  If the answer is 'some of them' then what does that say about their support of you; and hence about your friendship?..I felt that too.  For me the turning point was when I went over to a friend's house who I've known for 15 years.  He's my wife's distant cousin.  We hung out had a great time went swimming kids played together watched a Sox game -- and then after 4 hours he starts giving me sh!t for not drinking.  How good of a friend is he really?  How much time did I waste thinking he cared about me even a little bit?..Then I thought about it some more.  When I was drinking actual fights between couples I was friends with was nothing more than next morning gossip.  Genuine injuries were really funny.  Why didn't I have better friends?  Because the last time I made friends sober was at 15 years old.  Everyone since then (I'm 39 BTW) I 'bonded' with while hammered.  I didn't care about them.  They were the ones that made me feel better about my drinking and didn't judge me even though I had a huge problem.  But they sure started judging me when I quit...There is nothing I did drunk that I can't do sober.  I can meet people.  I can watch a game with friends.  I can play pool until 2 am.  What I can't do is sit back and let a chemical fool me into thinking I'm surrounded by people who give a sh!t about me.  If I want friends it's time to learn what that word means and how to get them.  Like I should have 24 years ago.
The last wedding I was at before sober I made my mom cry and threw up on my then wife...I am going to my nieces wedding on Saturday and acting as the officiant...I miss NOTHING about that shit.  Give it time.  Please.  it is worth it. 
Alcohol is like having a luxury car. It's great for the show but what did you really do? You just bought it nothing else from the car comes from you...Being sober makes me feel special as if I had built my own car. And when I meet other sober people I feel like we're in the same car building club. We're not interested in being in the same car club that people who just merely bought a car...Sorry analogies are not that great.
I know what you mean I miss having the first one or two drinks in a noisy bar with people being so drunk and crazy music blaring and thinking you are all that. Unfortunately the reality is that you should be able to do the same without the booze it is all up in your head. Reminds me of the 2 friends sitting at the bar looking into a mirror and saying " Look at those 2 old drunks that will be us in 10 years" 
Thank you for sharing and I admire your honesty.  Do I know the ugliness of drinking and what poison alcohol actually is? Yes. Do I miss drinking? Hell yeah. Drinking can be very glamorous in the moment. Exciting. Exotic feeling. I have social anxiety. Alcohol is the elixir that helps me forget that helped me feel not alone in college and like I finally had friends and fit in the way I wanted to. The danger is in forgetting what about alcohol use drew you in what you miss about it. If you forget that you can become overconfident in your ability to control your use of alcohol. Alcohol is a very seductive and thrilling mistress indeed.
Ah yes I remember the glitz and glamor of dressing up and having a few cocktails. Acting like an idiot and saying stupid things that seem outrageously funny at the time but that I can't even recall the next morning as I'm nursing my hangover and puking. Making new friends that I don't even like when I'm not loaded. What fun!!!!!..Seriously yeah it takes some time to learn to socialize without alcohol but honestly it is a LOT more glamorous and a lot more fun. After I quit drinking I found out--to my surprise really--that I am a funny witty conversationalist and am a knockout in evening garb when I am not struggling to remain upright. Take your time but don't give up. Life is MORE fun sober not less.
