-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54w4x2/still_struggling/

I am proud that I made it 56 days so far a lot as changed for me most importantly I got a new job and I just feel more healthy overall.  Maybe it's just me but I have still been really struggling the past couple of weeks almost broke down this weekend and got some rum and beer for Saturday just like the good old days.  I guess I have been trying to justify to my self that I can handle drinking again since I was never abusive to my family.  I would just sit at home harmlessly and have my own little party.  On the other hand I know that I don't want just 1 beer if I decide to drink it will be an all day event with rum coke and beer and I am terrified at this point how I will feel the next morning physically and emotionally.  With all that being said I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on the new job! You are doing so well :0) I won't drink with you today.
Hi there! I found that the second month was harder for me than the first both times I got sober. It's pretty normal in sobriety to feel good sometimes and feel crap others and a lot of that is due to PAWS (google "post-acute withdrawal syndrome" if you're not familiar with the term.) But I found that even with the dips in how I was feeling over time my trend was generally up. I felt generally better most of the time even though there were individual days or even weeks where I didn't feel so hot.
Congratulations on your 56 Days! That's some strong work right there my friend!..Some days are easy. Some days just aren't. I try to coast on the easy days and I pay my dues on the hard days...Stay strong! I will gladly not drink with you today!
It's bloody hard to stay on this journey of not drinking.  Alcohol did so much for me - filled in the time helped me to swallow negative emotions be happy etc etc.  So I will not drink for today with you because I know there is a better life and I can be better in myself.
I hit a weird bump(s) in the road between days 50 to 60. Unexpected wtf as I think my brain was recalibrating. Yoink! Day 60 I seemingly popped back.
