-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/54wh8u/double_digits/

Ten days. Wow. I can't believe I'm here. I'm not going to rest on my laurels or let down my guard but lord this feels good. I feel so empowered. It has not been easy. I don't really have any cravings (yet) I feel too motivated for that but the physical withdrawal has been a bitch. I was a very heavy drinker for a long time and my body is continuing to struggle as it re-sets itself to not being "pickled" on a daily basis. Right now I have a headache and a "fuzzy" kind of brain fog. I feel fairly good but lethargic mentally and kinda sore all over physically. I find myself frequently forgetting what I'm doing or where I'm at on a task. I occasionally experience odd muscle twitches and I hear phantom noises or music from time to time. But I've been doing my reading and studying up on these things so I know it's just part of the process. I'm not too worried or upset. And honestly? It's a hell of a lot better than the constant hangovers I lived with as I drag-assed around trying to function. I'll take withdrawal over that any old time y'all! I'm happy to not be drinking with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Double WOOT for double digits!! Congrats!..The physical stuff gets better just hang in there!..I will not drink with you today my friend.
nice work.  keep it up!
High five!!  The physical stuff is tough but it will pass.  I hit 40 days today and I feel great; you can do this too.  I'm inspired by your story and join you in not drinking today! 
It took me around 21 - 30 days for my brain to kind of kick back in gear. Solid sleep was around the same time. Still working on cutting back my cookie allowance. ..Hang in there!
Good job!!!!! :^)
Congratulations! I'm not drinking with you today. Keep on truckin'!
Hey Lady! I am 10 days sober today too. I've been on and off of trying to stop drinking for many years hoping this time I'll make it stick. I am also BRAND new to reddit so still finding my way around here. Congratulations to us on our Day 10! Woo hoo! 
Congrats I'm right behind you and feel similar effects. Good luck with everything! 
Really sorry about all your withdrawal symptoms  I think there is always a price to pay on front for any comfort we may get in the upcoming but more lasting time. Congratulations on your 10 well earned sober days!  I'm with you among this transition. I wish you can start enjoying plenty shiny days.  I'm not drinking with you today. 
