-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/550omy/i_cant_live_like_this_anymore/

I need to stop drinking it's killing me. My abdomen hurts. My bathroom situation is horrible. I can't go into rehab so I'm trying to wean off and it's so hard. Waves of anxiety are horrible my heart races ... so I drink. I try to drink later in the day each day and sometimes have progress but then this morning had the worst anxiety and rushy feeling at 8 am. So I drank. ..I got sober in March of last year and it lasted 4 months then relapsed then 3 months (repeat). But now I've been on a run of drinking everyday for a couple months. I hide it from my wife because I'm a piece of shit. She thinks I'm sober. I haven't been going to meetings. I'm too ashamed to call my sponsor   if he even thinks I'm still his sponsee. ..I want to stop so bad. I've weaned off before but this time it's so hard. I don't even know what I expect from this post I guess I have isolated myself so much that I just need to get this out. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you are in a bind. You have tried some things but they didn't work..  A plan is helpful to make it work. Why is medical intervention off limits?
My anxiety has just amplified in sobriety. Relapsed twice in the last 90 days. The first time I had a bad panic attack and the alcohol made it go away immediately. So I went off and I have been trying to control the panic attacks and the depression my dosages on my med's were increased. However I am now suffering like 2 to 4 major panic attacks a day.  On Monday it got so bad that I got in the shower broke up a razor blade ready to end it all. I decided to turn to alcohol as it made the attack go away the last time. It worked again. Unfortunately I didn't stop there the alcoholic went rampant and it ended in blackout drunk. ..The experts now think that my dosages are too high and basically the med's are causing the anxiety panic attacks and suicidal tendencies. The part I really appreciate is that I cant just go back to the old dosage or quit as the withdrawals on the med's cause anxiety panic attacks and suicidal tendencies. Jesus. ..In the mean time I have also been avoiding my sponsor and meetings. Not because I don't want to admit to drinking but I cant face having the conversation about showers and razor blades. I have also isolated totally even from SD today is the first time I am back here forcing myself. ..To drink is to die its a harsh reality for me. Sobriety and my mental health problems mean that I don't want to live. AA feels like a hello kitty plaster on a gushing wound. ..I haven't been able to express this a mixture of shame anxiety and insanity. My feelings of total pointlessness and despair. You know Fucked if you do Fucked if you don't. So thanks for your post it has allowed me to express. ..Well I guess we got our shit out but I don't know what either of us should do. .Thanks for your post.  
I was able to stop drinking by beginning with simple ACTIONS that I take everyday.  At this [link is a post called the Baby Steps and it lays out how I started and what I did.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)  Good luck to you.
Hey man sending out some positive vibes...I'm not in your shoes. But if I were I would pick up the phone and call my sponsor.
Update: I was able to ween myself off. The anxiety mostly waned during my reduction. I went from a 1-1/2 pints of 100 proof vodka a day down to one down to 3/4 for a couple days then 1/2 for a couple days. Yesterday was my first day of zero alcohol in months. Today is day two. I will not drink today (it's almost over). I'm not even tempted today. I know from experience that the urges will be back but today it is such a relief not to feel like a slave to the bottle. 
