-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5533ki/anybody_else_struggle_with_not_drinking_when_they/

Like I want to self medicate or something. Also being sick means I'm at home alone with little desire to do much...Today is hard but by not drinking today I'm making it through my first Thursday I can remember with no alcohol!
----------immediate responses--------

I've had the flu or allergies or some damn horrible thing all week. My first thought was to make a hot toddy (I don't know if that's how you spell it) because they always helped me sleep. I figured it helped me sleep because I made them so strong that I had no choice. Then I realized that probably wasn't really sleeping at all. ..It's been weird not to have those hot toddy drinks but I bet I'm going to heal faster! Hang in there. Try to rest and take it easy! 
The only time I didn't drink sick is when I was throwing up.
Yep. Hot tea  honey and a little  whiskey was my standard treatment for pretty much any illness. Of course I would eventually just skip the tea and honey and just drink whiskey. ..I haven't been sick since I got sober but I  know it's coming. ..I'll cross that bridge when I get to it I reckon. 
Congratulations. You'll make it through...I find that the time I am sick is much less now that I'm sober.
Drinking was my main form of self care. I really didn't know how to take care of myself or make myself feel better - I defaulted to alcohol when I felt bad. Including when I was sick! Learning good self care has been an important part of sobriety for me and something I'm still working on.
Yes my first cold while sober was a trigger for "hot toddy" drinking. My husband used to make them super powerful for me. I also remember imbibing several irish coffee's for a cold one time can't say if it worked at all but I sure did pass out. The urge will pass and the next cold will be lots easier. Theraflu or alka-seltzer are good go-to's if plain tea is triggering. Feel better!
I hate feeling sick now it reminds me of how I felt when I was drinking. I guess it can be used as good giving perspective on one reason why things are so much better now
I got sick around 12 days and I wanted to drink or smoke so badly! What worked for me was reading posts here and reading the free book in the sidebar called "This Naked Mind". I hate being sick so much! Im sorry it is happening to you!
