-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/558ogi/hard_news_to_share/

Hi friends. I'm kind of a lurker here but some stuff happened yesterday and I want to talk with some like-minded people about it. ..Yesterday we got word that my father-in-law passed away. We live on the West coast and he's in Missouri. My sister-in-law hadn't heard from him in a few days so she asked a local friend to check on him and they found him at home. He was 69. We were going back to celebrate his birthday in two weeks. He had problems with alcohol in the past and there was apparently a lot of empty booze bottles out recently opened. It appears that his death was alcohol-related either through poisoning or accident...It makes sense to me. Before he quit he was a heavy drinker. After he quit though his periodic relapses were awful. He went to the hospital two or three times and they would think it was a diabetic reaction or something with his medication. Then they would run a blood test and his BAC would be off the charts. ..My wife has been asking herself over and over "Why did he choose that?" I say "I don't know. I'm sure that wasn't the choice he thought he was making at the time." But there it is right? That choice to drink. We don't see the consequences of our choice and may never see them luckily or unluckily from our individual point of view. But either way those consequences don't occur in a vacuum. ..Thanks. I won't drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm terribly sorry for your family's loss. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing this. I lost my father 6 years ago and although not a direct cause his drinking was definitely a contributing factor in his early death at 64.  It's rough and the "why's" don't have a definitive answer making it all the harder to endure. My condolences to you your wife and her family.
Unfortunately in some case when a man takes a drink the drink takes the man. It is very difficult for anyone to achieve long term sobriety and sadly many to do get it go back out again.
I'm so sorry for the pain your family is going through. I won't drink with you today. 
Sending positive vibes to you and your family. I will not drink with you today.
I will not drink with you today. 
I won't drink with you too buddy. Hang in there. Your wife needs your stable support right now. 
I'm so sorry for the loss of your father-in-law. This must be a very difficult time for you and your wife so my thoughts are with you...My Dad died at only 57 years old. Alcohol: the culprit. You're right sometimes we don't get to see the consequences.
Sorry for you loss. Sounds like something I've always feared especially when I didn't have much sober time and was afraid I might relapse. When I was drinking I was in the habit of sitting down with a bottle of Scotch and pretty much finishing it off. I remember once drinking most of a bottle maybe an inch or two left and not feeling anything and thinking "Well that's strange." Point is I could drink a lot not to brag but to say that if I drank at my former pace after some sober time. It would kill me. It would be in my system before I knew it. Guy I came in the rooms with did exactly that and I've heard that Amy Winehouse died the same way. You lose your tolerance. You relapse drink a tumbler full then another you've done it a thousand times before--but not after being on the wagon for any length of time. Again sorry for your loss fucking booze... don't pick up but if you should be careful.
I'm sorry for your loss. ..Thank you for this terrible reminder of what drinking can do...Best wishes.
I am sorry for your loss.  I will not drink with you today.
