-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55cxpz/ndv_update/

https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/51karm/ndv/?st=ITR3MNAX&sh=dec2e998..I got the job :) they offered me a decent rise on what I am on plus significant (achievable) bonus...Surprisingly I had a good cry when I found out thought I'd be happy and I am but I actually feel scared...scared to be out my current comfort zone and at the prospect of telling my colleagues I feel like I've cheated on my current job and they will turn against me in my final month like they did with a colleague who left before me...It would also appear any 'success' is a trigger I wanted a drink when I found out desperately but didn't because I knew the fantasy was just that - actual drinking wouldn't add to the achievement only take away from further achievements in the future. (I just reread that and got major 'I could just open a bottle right now' urge - it's crazy)...Perhaps I have a bit of PAWS - I have some overwhelming enthusiastic days and others like yesterday I can barely muster the enthusiasm to be happy about things just indifferent.   ..I have also been overcome with loneliness recently . One of my best friends asked me directly last night what I got offered money wise in new job  and I didn't want to downplay it (she's my best friend and far more capable and intelligent than I am) she took great offence (my job is very well paying for the uk and many of my friends are on what is considered a normal wage for this region she is on decent managerial for her sector) and we got into a bit of a political row where despite her going to one of the best universities worldwide and coming out with a first she called me middle class and a right wing capitalist and said that my success is down to the fact I came from a middle class family as though it was all handed to me on a plate.    I was really annoyed - my father got cancer 5 years ago and instead of inheritance he decided to buy me a home as its tax free - he didn't want to give money as he wants me to work hard to earn my own future - I was extremely fortunate very grateful and since have worked hard to get from the absolutely base paying wage to where I am now myself over 6 years and it's taken a lot of late nights and a long term strategy but not having to worry about rent did help immeasurably.  In my view she had as much chance given her education and results as I did if not more and I feel because she didn't utilise and chose to stay where she was she is (and said she was happy) she's blaming it on class which is fucking irrelevant in that scenario she doesn't pay rent either.  I feel isolated from her and from other friends like our paths are getting further apart and we are becoming more different - and that I should keep a lid on talking about anything I'm proud of in order to not cause any resentment - I used to have no confidence no job and was basically a drug taking layabout who was all speak and no action for many years (and a uni drop out).  Perhaps I'm just being a self involved brat I don't know. I wanted her to be proud of me.  I'm always her cheer leader...I feel like I need to build new connections and sober connections but I am not very good at opening up and struggle to build real relationships with new ppl - I'm so socially awkward - once things have settled work wise over the upcoming weeks I should work on this...I'm sorry this isn't a positive toned post - it probably would be if I wasn't feeling a bit deflated...If you recently stopped certainly keep at it! Great things have come from being sober already  and I'm just over 65days...Debt sorted and credit score has gone from poor to excellent (small consistent steps in the right direction made this happen)..My relationship is stronger (finally learning how to sleep with my partner sober too) ..I was a stone and a half overweight in May - I am now my lowest weight in years 136-119lbs (hit my target weight between healthy thin and looking gaunt in the face) - even though I keep cheating on my diet and only run 3 x a week ...that would never happen with an extra 7000 booze cals (and carbs) each week...I sleep well have much more clarity no longer suffer from telephone anxiety (maybe a fraction on rare occasions) and when something needs doing I find myself doing it without making it into a big palaver it's just easy and consistent...I'm a better dog owner...I'm less selfish with my time...If I have fallouts or disagreements with anyone over anything I don't have to wonder if really it's my drunken logic and really my doing - I know what I say and the reason I say it and fallouts are so rare...I'm no longer a dishevelled erratic clumsy mess each day who can only face doing the bare minimum and counts down the hrs to wine o clock.  ..I'm sorry to waffle - feels good to get it out see if anyone feels the same way and also works well as a diary entry to look back on.....
----------immediate responses--------

I find that success is a huge trigger for me. I've decided to talk about it with my counsellor...I don't really have anything else to offer just wanted you to know you are not alone...Best of luck.
Congrats on the job!  Sounds like a lot of positive changes in your life.  
congrats! I was so Suprised to find my only day Of serious cravings was the day I started new higher paying job. So used to alcohol to relieve the anxiety ..While this is great news maybe be mindful of how you've dealt with change in the past and know there might be a temporary craving for your old tool... that will totally go away...you're gonna rock this!!
