-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55d2o7/support_from_this_group/

It is really cool to see that usually within an hour or less of someone putting up a post about their  struggle with alcohol multiple people will offer support and encouragement. I think it helps the person who has stopped drinking to offer that help to those struggling in fact it helps everybody. 
----------immediate responses--------

Reading and commenting on other people's posts helps me stay connected to my sobriety. It helps me remember why I quit drinking what I need to work on and all of the benefits sobriety brings to my life. It's also just good to have that social connection with people who understand what it's like to go through all of this. So really when I'm offering support I'm doing it as much for myself as for the other person. Interesting post thanks for sharing!
Coming back to this sub every day has had a huge impact on me staying sober this time around...The nonjudgmental atmosphere and overwhelming support is amazing.
I was so so scared to post on here. There are a lot of forums/subs where people feel the need to be exclusive and really defend whatever 'title' they give themselves--even if it's a support group for disease/mental illness/depression/positive change in lifestyle (simple living/budget/minimalism etc)--that are extremely negative and are quick to tell you why you are wrong. ..This sub has been nothing but positive. And the support is positive the posts always end up positive people are just genuinely nice. It is SO rare to find a sub like that especially one as big as this one--they tend to become negative feedback loops where it turns in to conversations on how to exclude others from whatever definition it is...But this sub has truly been a life saver for so many people. Every time I've posted on here it is during times I am suffering and I think people recognize that and always take the time to respond. ..I wonder why that is? Maybe it is because people who have determined they have a problem with alcohol are some of the few people who have been able to give up their ego to get better? Because they have more empathy as they understand that 'badness' can lie in all of us? Maybe not drinking just makes you happier? I don't know but I love it and I truly love this sub. .
I know I've been the recipient. Thx for posting.
Absolutely! I'm in the military and simply can't always get to a meeting. I find that checking in here along with talking to my sponsor and doing my reading/journaling has been an amazing addition to my sobriety tool box. ....Seems like I always see a post that is exactly what I needed to hear when I needed to hear it... and the positive support and genuine concern from everyone here is incredible. 
Agreed. 
Totally agree. Mods deserve a lot of credit as well for maintaining 0% tolerance level for negativity and personal attacks. In the rare instance someone does make a negative comment it is removed within an hour at most..."Internet + touchy subject = positivity" is a rare equation indeed!
Yes this sub has helped me SO much!
This sub is great I haven't gathered the courage up to go to a meeting yet but going through the posts and check ins has become a morning ritual feels like I've got a support group in my pocket.
[removed]
