-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55hxed/short_fuses/

Howdy there SD. It's late at night where I am and I'm happy for another sober day with you people. If you're struggling please stick around here and ask for help. The people on this sub are great!..Just a quick question for those with a bit more time under their belt than me (or anyone really!) ..When you were drinking how short was your temper fuse? I just got snapped at by my dad and it was pretty upsetting. And I realised he's been doing this all my life - letting stresses pile up and then kind of lashing out at people around him and me quite a bit. We talked about it after he apologised and he enumerated the various stresses he's been under lately and some of them are indeed quite substantial. But I can't help but feel that he would be able to deal with them so much better if he just stopped drinking. It makes me feel sad to watch his life be dragged down by well life. He drinks every day an average of 4 a night or so and he himself worries that he drinks too much. I said to him that I think he's life would be easier if he stopped drinking for a month to see how he felt. That is as FAR as I'm going to go in terms of trying to convince him to act on his on worries about alcohol. I know I can only keep my side of the street clean and I won't raise the topic with him again. ..It just upsets me that my relationship with my dad can come undone like this - and I used to be very guilty of lashing out at him and others in the same way. ..How did stopping drinking affect your ability to deal with stress and irritations? Did you stop lashing out at your family members or partners?..Edit: Spelling
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.  My temper is much more level as is everything else in my life during times of sobriety.  This is a huge motivator for me.  I am sure my wife and daughters like me better overall.  I will never be perfect with the way I react sometimes but being patient and kind most of the time is good enough for me.
I drank beer instead of solving my problems. When I got angry I just drank more and it "went away". In fact it was still there and I just drank more each day to not look at it...At first I was short tempered. Then I began solving problems one by one slowly. Since a lot of my problems are solved and the new ones are dealt with I'm less angry.
I was a mellow drunk. After I stopped I was a prickly short fused-rage bomb. I've learned to be better but sometimes miss the opportunity to drown out emotions.
You hurt the ones you love the most. Clich  as it sounds it was true for me. Then I stopped drinking and realized how shitty I was being to the people I loved most. I'm making that up now every day for the rest of my life. 
