-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55miqp/what_do_you_do_when/

You feel like you've tried every option available to you (heeding the HALT symptoms for example) but you still feel like drinking? Or when playing the tape forward just isn't enough? Or when you cannot go to the gym / for a run / to do anything physical (this helps me the most with cravings)? ..These are the questions I'm thinking about now after my 2+ week on-off affair with alcohol again. I didn't drink as much as I used to but half of those days I was still drunk or hung over. I know myself well enough to know I will feel the same cravings and the same feelings (frustration inability to unwind anxiety et cetera) again in probably two weeks or so. I do not feel like going to listen to other people's experiences about alcohol abuse will help me in any way. Also currently my job hours do not allow me to seek counseling help because in my country addiction and drug counseling places are open only during office hours. Which is when I am working. Which really sucks because I know that would help me a lot it has done so in the past. There is no SMART recovery in here either. ..I don't want to sound pessimistic but realistic. This is how my relapses go every time. I do not drink to enjoy. I do not entertain the idea of drinking only one or two drinks. I know fully well that if I try it again I will usually do it to excess until I'm fed up with it. And then at some point I stop caring because ..well you know...
----------immediate responses--------

Some other things I did - listen to podcasts or audiobooks read a book or go to bed early. I stocked up on sparkling water and herbal teas so would just drink those instead...I've also used the [IRC chat](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/) here and done SMART online meetings.
It sounds like alot of the avenues that are mentioned here on sd or not open for you? I dont use any of those options. I do spend time here reading and sharing .The thing that has helped me the most is knowing that Im not alone  theres other people going through trying to stay sober each day. Other people who have different past different reasons but one desire to stay sober. Maybe that can help you too? I wont drink with you today. Hope you find somthing that helps.
Play the Sims watch TV play with my dog iPad for hours. I come here to SD multiple times a day. Lots. I can't believe how my cravings have slowly disappeared. I mean they are there occasionally especially after an anxious situation. I even said to my husband last night "I would love to have 50 drinks." To be honest the thing that gets me through is my counter. I just prize it. To me it is my sobriety. And I love it...ETA: I also drink loads of soda and lime.
Great question!..This indeed is how relapses go...I have a support network.  I call someone on my list.  I go to a meeting.  I see my sponsor.  I meet with someone in my sober fellowship...Got any of that available?..Not sure what "I do not feel like going to listen to other people's experiences about alcohol abuse will help me in any way" means?..What does that "feel like"?.
I drink bottles and bottles of Coke Zero.  ..It's fizzy and tastes sweet which helps me deal with the desire for alcohol.  It's probably not very good for me (in fact some mornings it feels almost like I've got a hangover) but it's better than the alternative.  
The main shift that helped me was considering alcohol as an option. Once I had decided that drinking was harming myself and my loved ones and that I needed to stop. I made a plan to stop drinking alcohol - I removed it as an option. I decided to not drink - not easy but very simple. 
