-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55ndk6/bottoming_out_just_in_time/

It's funny. You'd think we would hit bottom and say "yes this is enough." But so many of us instead say "no this isn't painful enough. This can't be the end. Drinking is easier."..I've hit bottom a few times. Each one worse than the last. I've gotten sober a few times too. And I've always gone back out because I convinced myself that my bottom wasn't deep enough wasn't horrible or painful or devastating enough for sobriety to be worth it. Most recently I went to the hospital and subsequently to rehab when I realized that I could no longer quit drinking on my own. ..Since getting out of rehab the following have happened:.1. I've had to go to court for my divorce for my marriage that lasted all of 6 months.2. my roommates have moved out because they don't want to live in a dry house.3. I quit my job knowing it wasn't conducive to sobriety..That's a lot of shit to deal with newly sober. I'm grateful I bottomed out when I did. I don't think I'm capable of handling any of this while actively drinking. Sure the job and roommates likely wouldn't be an issue if I was still drinking but I wouldn't be happy either. And to that: no I'm not happy yet. I'm feeling a million things I haven't wanted to feel for a long time and happiness is definitely not one of them. But I've got 44 days sober that I haven't been able to attain since I relapsed 14 months ago. And today 44 days feels pretty damn okay. ..Thank you all for being here. And thanks to another 24 hours.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats
That's an awesome bunch of decisions you made no matter how hard they seem right now!..I kept a lot of toxic crap in my life because I could numb it away with booze it took a lot of courage for me to deal with it after I'd carefully ignored it for years.  It's awesome you're dealing with it now.  A house won't be sturdy if it's not built on a good foundation.  I won't drink with you today!
Congratulations! 
Thank you for posting this. It really hit close to home. 
I'm always amazed that I lived for so long with an active destructive addiction and never once thought wow I should stop drinking this is really bad for me and those around me. Realising that I could choose not to drink was so liberating - not easy but very simple. 
Welcome!..I don't believe in bottoms; I think the concept is incredibly destructive because it keeps people from getting help and makes it easy to deny that there is a problem.  ..I relate to the self-invalidation feeling like it's not "bad enough" that I'm not "done" and these are complicated feelings for many reasons.  Part of it was that I was looking for justification to keep drinking and they worked for that.
Congratulations on another weekend.
&gt;And to that: no I'm not happy yet. I'm feeling a million things I haven't wanted to feel for a long time and happiness is definitely not one of them...Ain't that the truth.  But every day sober is one day closer to sorting out all of that shit that made us drink in the first place.  I won drink with you today!
Love this post thank you for sharing. Hang in there I just know happiness is awaiting :) I am proud to not drink with you today.
Congrats! 44 days is fantastic! Here's to 45! 
Happy for you and your 44 days. Keep it up day by day.
Good for you. Keep up the good work 
Good on you. You cant make pancakes without breaking some eggs. .What was job you quit?
Congrats on 44 days sober! You've certainly had a lot of major changes going on in your life but you're doing it all sober and that makes all the difference. One of our SDers that has gone through a divorce a move and a new job during early sobriety has totally amazed me and has been a source of encouragement; I'm pinging my dear friend u/LizLouKY. The strength behind her story and how far she has come having been successful in all of these changes is an incredible example of truly experiencing and enjoying sobriety...You may not be 'happy' yet and of course you're feeling all the 'feelz' right now...but like you say 44 days feels pretty damn okay. Good on you I'm so proud for you!! Thanks for being here and sharing this post with us. Stick around :).
What an emotional load I admire your strength to stay sober through it. Congrats  and great news on picking up work so quickly!
Congrats on 44 days!  
You are an inspiration. Sometimes we can't see what's beyond the next turn in the road but we just have to keep walking. Thanks for sharing!!
I heard in CR one day "You only hit rock bottom when you stop digging"  I certainly hit it many times last year but kept right .on digging cause I didn't know how to stop.  (you figure jail time would be enough to make you stop but nahhhh)..The emotions will calm things do get better.  I still have moments when I just want to flip a table and say F-it...but I know that if I give in to my Alki-demon (Pedro) it will only make things waaayyyy worse.  As my sponsor says giving in to our addiction only leads to 3 things...1.   Jail (been there done that).1.  Funny Farm (dodged that bullet but almost went in).1.  Death ( I am just too gosh-darn pretty to die).. When my emotions get unbearable I breathe.  take a walk.  change the scenery.  and then choose again not to drink no matter how shitty the day / week / month is...I will choose to not drink with you today.  44 days is amazing.  and you can add one more tomorrow!..FTZ.
Hey #2 and #3 sound like blessings in disguise.  Keep up the good work!  Glad you're here :)
