-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55q7xn/wow_you_look_great/

So i was stressing about going to an alcohol infused wedding over the weekend.  I totally made up my mind that I would absolutely not drink. Well as soon as i got there everyone rushed to the bar and the margaritas were flowing. I was really struggling with it until an old friend said to me Wow you look great Whats up? i just explained that I was going to the gym more etc. Well that sure re-enforced my desire NOT to drink. I received many similar comments and each one made me stronger.  In the end the wedding was absolutely great.  Danced till the end without even getting winded seemed to communicate better had a ball laughing at the drunk people didnt over eat didnt have to worry about driving home and best of all no hangover!!!  The whole day was just outstanding and no one even noticed I wasnt drinking!! gotta keep this train rolling.    Thanks for listening!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Ah the best feeling! That's awesome. Sober wedding victory is yours!
Awesome. Nice work.
Woot!! Fantastic NDV!
Well done!!
Great work! It's true that no one really notices if you're drinking or not. 
Isn't wonderful to wake up the next morning and recall how great a time you had.  Full steam ahead.  :-) 
That is awesome dude.
I feel a strange "Thrill of Misbehavior" driving home sober from a thing like that that. It's the little things. 
One thing I was hugely worried about when I decided to quit was going to parties and weddings. Booze had always been my crutch. I don't think there was an event I attended between 2006 and 2014 that I didn't drink at least 3 or 4 beers before going to. I always had a strong buzz before I *got* to the party for almost a decade so I was afraid that I'd have no confidence or ability to relate to people without the alcohol...I found that I have a WAY more enjoyable time sober and I can actually remember what I did who I met and how good a time I had. I'm lucky to be at a point where I no longer struggle with the temptation to drink at parties weddings etc. because I actually enjoy being sober at them genuinely *more* than I ever did when I was a drinker. It's a pretty remarkable feeling!
Sometimes I wonder if drinking was just a crutch we used when younger to get over social anxiety and we have been over it for much longer then we realize. 
That's amazing. I'm glad you had such a positive experience!
Wow - that is fantastic! I'm definitely not ready for that yet so have been avoiding such situations. Your success however is inspiring and gives me hope :)
That's awesome! Being able to drive home after a good night is definitely liberating :)
That's a great story thanks for sharing.  .Keep being awesome  
[deleted]
Awesome job! Yes keep that train rolling! I had a very similar situation about a year ago. No one even picked up on my not drinking! Next morning waking without a hangover was another victory!  Great work!
Congratulations!
Yes! Congratulations!
This is great   and getting through a wedding is a huge accomplishment! Congratulations!
That's awesome go you!! ..I had a coworker comment asking if I was wearing makeup for the first time today... Uh I wear makeup to work every shift? But I've recently crossed the threshold of my longest time sans alcohol in many years so perhaps the abstinence is doing more than I realized? I kind of felt like I hit a comfortable stride and nothing new was going on aside from occasional cravings cropping up. This post actually made me reconsider the cause of my recent beauty boost~ here's to NOT drinking tonight!!
Awesome! That's such a great feeling isn't it?
It's these kinds of stories that will keep me going.  I've already seen a huge improvement to my health over the past four months and now I am (in the last month) beginning the long journey of getting fit again.  10 pounds already since last month! ..So glad I found this group.  I thank the front page post today on alcohol withdrawal. ...Thank you all for providing me with a support net.  ...Edit: indent = code block apparently 
