-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/55u301/what_i_observed_in_the_first_30_days/

I always enjoy reading these posts.  I think they provide a lot of encouragement to other members of the sub who may feel as though they won't see any benefits for a long time...I will put everything in "I" format because results may vary...1.) I am more relaxed.  The first week I felt anxiety but outside of that I am much more relaxed than I was while going through alcohol cycles...2.) My skin is clearing up...3.) I laugh more...4.) I cry more and experience real emotion...5.) I have received validation and encouragement from people I did not expect.  On the other side of the coin some people who I thought would be supportive have not been.  For me external validation is not important this is for me not anyone else.  But this is one of my observations...6.) Life doesn't get easier but navigating life's challenges does.  This is such a huge one for me.  My ability to *respond* to challenging situations instead of *reacting* to challenging situations has already helped enormously...7.) I am more present to whats going on...8.) I am able to quiet the stories in my head much easier. ..9.) I'm learning to not worry at all about things I can not control...10.) My conversations and relationships are easier to navigate because I am more in control of my emotions speech and action...11.)  My compassion for others is growing by the day even people who have done me serious wrong...12.)  Productivity at work started to become noticeably better after about two weeks of not drinking...13.)  I have much more stamina and strength in the gym...14.)  I lost virtually all creative drive for the first two-three weeks of sobriety.  That has gone away now and I'm able to create on a higher level because my brain is working much better...15.) I have much less anxiety about the future.  I know that life is going to continue to be challenging but I've come to embrace the insanity of it all... and have chalked it up as part of the human experience...16.) The way in which I hear people talk about alcohol feels different than it used to.  This one is a little difficult to explain but I think some of you can relate?..17.) I struggle with a sleep disorder.  My body won't let me get into Stage 3 sleep (one of the restorative phases)  Even in spite of that I do feel like my sleep and energy levels have improved some...That's it for now.  Thanks for the support SD.  If anyone out there is considering giving it a shot I highly encourage you to start...and take it one day at a time.  You have nothing to lose.  The alcohol will always be there should you decide you want to go back.  But to deprive yourself of the opportunity to see what life "on the other side" is like even for a short while is unfair.  You deserve the best life you can have...
----------immediate responses--------

I love this list. I'm in early days but have already experienced much of this list. I love no. 4. It made me tear up :) I barely cry once or twice a year normally. It's been multiple times a DAY since I got sober and it actually feels good. Thanks for sharing and huge congrats. I won't drink with you today.
beautifully written...and it just keeps getting better. there will be challenges but you seem to have a handle on this thing...ask your dr about trazodone for sleep. it may help...congratulations on changing your life!
thanks for sharing this! I posted yesterday about wanting to moderate but this is a good reminder of the benefits of total sobriety. Congrats to you!
Great list. Thanks. It sounds like you may have been in the same boat as me. I am not a super heavy nor daily drinker but am in process of stopping because I feel it is detrimental to long term health and interferes with goal accomplishment. I can be very irrationally impatient when I drop a bad habit; often expecting significant next day change. It is good to see a sort of road map of what is ahead after week 1 week 2 etc. 
Good read thank you. You articulated some of the positive changes I experienced but maybe didn't fully register as well as some things I need to continue to work on. Thank you congrats on your one month and keep it up!! 
Great post. I have been using melatonin and sometimes Benadryl with remarkable great success for sleep issues. They are super cheap too.
I'm curious what your drinking level was before. There's a huge range of change here and I think it's important to demonstrate to people that someone who drank like them has noticeable effects.  You don't have to be an every night binge drinker to see effects like this!
You rock. Thanks for sharing.
Jeez - that list was so good I just had to print it out.  Thanks!!!
Good stuff right here!!!
Thank you for this awesome list. I'm on Day 3 and it really helped to have things to look forward to... It's very encouraging. Thank you. 
