-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56aq9v/question_for_those_with_many_daysmonthsyears/

I see a lot of stellar people on here with many days/months/years on their badge and I am curious what is the reason to keep coming back and posting after such a long time?..I find it inspiring and think this is such an amazing community of support so I can understand if you come here to keep on supporting others. That is very kind and admirable and I appreciate it very much for the perspective and experience you bring...But I guess in the back of my mind I worry that maybe this is something that will reach a point of stability but that won't ever fully be out of my mind for good. ..Do some of you still have regular cravings and need to reassure and remind yourself why you've made this choice?  ..Its still early days for me but I live in hope that one day I will be able to put it behind me and move on and simply enjoy life with my sobriety. That it willl be difficult at first but eventually just become my normality...Is there an end to this or will it be a continual struggle? ..For what its worth Im pragmatic and know I will be on a journey of recovery for some time to come but even tonight I went to a bar for a leaving do and didnt drink wasn't tempted because I made that promise to myself that I would keep my resolve. I've come too far now to give in to temptation. Im strong today but could there be times in a few years even where I might not be again? ..Hope this doesnt sound too negative in any way seeing people doing so well gives me hope (maybe thats my answer right there) however I would like to feel that at some point this isnt part of my life any more and I can leave the old me behind without it being something I have to fight forever. ..
----------immediate responses--------

For every one of us who is still posting (in my case at nearly a year) there are probably tens of people who don't and have just moved on with their lives. For me personally I like to check in and see what is going on with the newly/newer sober to be of help. I also take the daily pledge because my brain has a tendency to minimize the damage I was beginning to do to myself and my life so it keeps me on the straight path. Will I still be posting here in another year? I don't know. It takes maybe ten minutes out of my day. The rest of the day I am leading a happily sober life with very few if any cravings. I just don't want to get complacent about that.
Closing in on two years and don't dwell on being sober much it just is. But occasionally I need to touch base to remind myself where I had been. There is a lot of social drinking and parties in the place where I live and I attend the parties and hang out with the drinkers with no problem because I remember that just one drink will blow me up. Hence why I keep checking in to keep from becoming complacent and thinking I can get away with just a little drinking. I can't under any circumstance for any reason in spite of any excuse/justification/rationalization ever. As long as I accept that I'm good.
I have been almost one year sober - next week. Why I post here that it was very difficult to quit in the past I am well aware I needed some help. There is no medication no cure no psychiatric therapy to addiction. One can learn from who really go through this process and managed to cope with. Yes it is not equally the same quitting and staying sober. In the former one we all start from a disadvantaged stage where there are goals in our net staying sober is also difficult but not as much as quitting. Knowing these facts we know that we can transfer our knowledge to those struggling. On the other hand nobody approaches us nonjudgmental but we can.
I personally keep coming back because I wouldn't be here today but for the people ahead of me who were willing to telling me the truth and call me on my BS in early sobriety.  Without those people and their support I would never have made it.  Because of those people I have an unpaid debt to always try and help other people who are struggling in sobriety....to pay it forward.  Additionally I have found that when I am paying it forward I happen to feel and be a better person.  And my selfish self likes being a better person.  :)
I've been doing SD/AA for almost five years (!) now. In that time I've come to regard participation in this like many do the gym; it's how I got where I am but it's also how I stay there. I don't exactly fear that if I don't attend to this I'll get drunk tomorrow. More likely slacking off one day will make it easier to slack off for a week and next thing I know I'm back where I started or (more likely) worse. When people say they're going to the gym no one asks them why they keep going if they're already in such good shape. It's understood; going is *why* you're in the shape you're in.
I come here every day for the pledge and I like seeing my badge number increase.  I make mini goals all the time.  Next is to see the badge turn 444 then probably 500 and so on.....Still have cravings once in a while but they are fairly easy to brush off but I know I have to keep keeping my guard up because I believe if I slip up once I'm done.  I drank alcohol for 40 years so it'll probably take me a while before cravings are gone if ever...I also come here to read peoples stories to remind me how easy it is to slip up.  I need to keep telling myself that moderation is not going to ever work for me.  The best stories though are the success stories.  Love them.  ..I try to add to discussions if I feel I have something to add.  I'm the same way in real life. .
Great questions...I'll respond even if I'm not stellar..."what is the reason to keep coming back and posting"?.."do some of you have regular cravings and need to reassure and remind yourself why you've made this choice?".."is there an end to this or will it be a continual struggle?"..For what it's worth:..I come here because I couldn't stop based on my own willpower and I needed help assistance support and fellowship.  I didn't *deserve it*; *I wasn't worthy of it* and I *didn't earn it*.  Yet people helped me without conditions.  ..They helped me because I was a fellow human struggling wanting to get better and **willing** to do whatever it took.  I'm grateful for their help and I'm grateful for my Sobriety.  ..Whenever anyone anywhere reaches out for help I want a hand to be there and for that I am responsible..."Will it end or be a continual struggle"...I gave up the "struggle" with alcohol.  That's how I stopped drinking.  I accepted my willpower alone wasn't enough.  Once I did that the struggle ended.  ..Stopping drinking was hard.  Sober living is easy.  Once I removed the alcohol I worked on my "stuff".  When I did that work all the cravings disappeared.  Not only am I not thinking about or pining about alcohol I have an aversion to it similar to second hand smoke...This condition took my brother's life.  Stole it.  ..I never need to reassure myself or remind myself.  ..I'm sober.  I don't drink.  I don't want to drink...This condition is insidious and ruins lives.  I'll help anyone who wants to stop...And finally I learn something from each person here from the person wondering if they should stop to asking how to stop to day one to day 10000 and those who go out and come back after conducting more research...I've never been happier healthier more productive more useful to others and I enjoy peace and serenity...Is that what you're asking?
