-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56bej8/abuser_or_alcoholic/

How do I know the difference? I've been able to quit drinking for days with no physical discomfort whatsoever. I never thought I had an issue until quite recently. I'm struggling with a lot and I used wine to cope with anxiety/stress but even then I could stop (granted it was after one bottle) and tell myself to back off and go to bed and not open another bottle. My conscience was always there...My dad was a nightly drinker--4-6 beers every night but never more and nothing harder--and he too could stop for days at a time with no ill effect. It's more than is recommended sure but was he an alcoholic? Am I? 
----------immediate responses--------

Does it matter what you call it?..Alcohol had a negative impact on my life. A label wouldn't change that.
You just described me exactly in my younger days.  I was convinced that as long as I could quit for "x" amount of days without withdrawals or "cravings" then I was just someone who abused alcohol every now and then.  Thinking back I was an alcoholic every since I took my first drink at the age of 14.  I just didn't become physically dependent upon alcohol until my 40s.  I sure wish I had realized the ignorance of my thinking earlier...Glad you are here and best of luck on your journey.
I don't know if I am an alcoholic or not because I don't have a good definition of that word. I do have a good definition for "drinking problem" however: if drinking is causing you a problem then you have a drinking problem. And that was definitely me.
An SD friend /u/Prevenient_grace mentioned recently that UNDESIRED CONSEQUENCES is a huge determining factor for him when it comes to deciding if alcohol is a problem.  I agree wholeheartedly.  The consequences for me were anxiety depression guilt poor athletic performance and sometimes outright dangerous behavior.  This is enough for me to realize that regardless of my label I had big problems that were only getting worse as I aged.  My amount never changed once I reached a certain point in my drinking career.  I drank a half gallon of Canadian Club every 5-6 days for many years with the occasional HEAVY weekend binge.  My amount was not progressing but the UNDESIRED CONSEQUENCES were.  I hope this helps. I wish you well.  
I'm 31.  After 10 years of heavy drinking I had never had withdrawal symptoms and hangovers were mild - until a few weeks ago.  I tried tapering by drinking a six pack and it didn't make a dent in the symptoms.  They are scary and serious and dangerous.  It's terrifying to think that the amount I have to drink to just avoid withdrawal symptoms is enough to give me alcohol poisoning.  My advice to my old self when I was able to quit without discomfort would be to get ahead of it.  Trust me I'm day 3 into withdrawal symptoms and it is hell.  It is nothing like a hangover.  It is like a bad trip from an experimental hallucinogenic drug that lasts indefinitely.
[removed]
I recognised that diagnosing/labelling my problem was just causing mental gymnastics that I didn't need so I parked those questions. I recognised that I was drinking at harmful levels that alcohol was a problem for me so I resolved to stop drinking and learn to live sober.
The amount you are drinking is not healthy. It really doesn't matter what you call it at this point. 
