-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56bhor/i_told_my_brother_i_think_im_an_alcoholic_3_weeks/

So 3 weeks ago after I had made the decision to stop drinking I had a relapse and binged hard by my standards at least. It was one night but I was devastated and I called up my brother and told him that I'd been thinking I may have a problem that I can't stop at just 1 or 2 drinks. He was surprised as fortunately not too many people in my life have seen the problems I have with alcohol but he was super supportive and encouraged me to go to a meeting when I mentioned I was thinking of going to one the next day and he checked in on me the next morning too...I've been going strong since then got past the shitty feelings of that relapse but had been a little uneasy about having called up my brother drunk and telling him everything thinking that he was going to be tiptoeing around me and viewing me different. Well tomorrow is my birthday and I got an email this morning saying "Secondaccount24's brother has given you the gift of wine." - A $100 gift card to an online wine retailer. I had to laugh. I guess he really doesn't think of me differently and our conversation a month ago didn't even cross his mind. Maybe not everyone would be ok with this but in a weird way it makes me feel better. Yes I'm going to have to remind him before I see him in person over the holidays that I'm not drinking but for now I'm just glad that my brother still sees me as the same person I've always been. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's a shame that he missed out on what you were communicating to him. I don't know how he could forget something so important. I'm glad he cares about you and wants you to have a nice birthday...Speaking of have a great birthday! I hope you feel celebrated and loved.
[deleted]
I can't help but laugh a little bit. Back in July I was trying really hard to quit and had scheduled a visit to my mom's for a week (she lives across the country). She asked as usual what kinds of foodstuff I wanted so she could go shopping and be prepared. I said it didn't matter but that I was trying to drink less. That apparently went in one ear and out the other because she replied "Don't worry I'll have plenty of wine!".Thanks Mom...Now that I'm 19 days in (high-five btw!) I have yet to tell my family that I've actually quit. I don't have any visits planned anytime soon and I'm hoping by the time I DO I'll be able to stick to my guns for a change (I wound up drinking a LOT of wine on that visit to my mom's in spite of being hyperaware of the alcohol consumption of everyone else in the house).
My mom to this day will still occasionally ask me if I can have just one or two on a holiday.  Normies will never get it.  I don't judge them for that.  I just say no thanks.
Happy birthday. An opportunity for re-gifting?
Happy Birthday!!
I think many people would have reacted in an nonconstructive manner.  "Can you believe what he gave me?  Is he trying to kill me? Does he even care about blah blah blah"..You on the other hand viewed this as a positive.  That your brother still sees you as the same person and doesn't stigmatize or label you. ..So whether you did this consciously or subconsciously I admire your outlook.  Very important to sobriety.
Hard for him to understand maybe. My spouse didn't hear me for a while but I didn't hear them either. Worry about your sobriety first. 
ninja insight. 
