-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56ma54/relapsed_but_didnt_enjoy_it/

There was the initial satisfaction of the first few sips but after that nothing. Even when I got a buzz going there wasnt the usual euphoria there was just nothing. I just felt down and ill. I guess this is it then. Fuck you alcohol you dont even pretend we are having a good time anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

I guess you can see this as a positive. You know your not missing anything. I know if I relapsed it would be terrible. I know this from experience. The guilt of relapsing makes the whole experience miserable. No amount of alcohol can overcome that feeling.
When I have a drink now I realize how AWFUL it tastes..even what I used to love red wine. :-)..Onward and upward self-awareness is great. :-)
It never feels good the next day
And that's exactly how it goes...For me when I've relapsed -- and lemme tell you I'm an expert on NotRickDeckard relapsing -- it's the *anticipation* of getting it opening it pouring it that really gets the juices going. As soon as I take the first drink = disappointment. 
[deleted]
I've seen this over and over again. While the initial emphasis may be on the realization that it wasn't enjoyable for me I would be putting the emphasis on the relapse and the need to up the game plan. 
I agree f*ck you alcohol.  All you do is temporarily numb me and exasperate all the consequences/problems that alcohol has caused me.
Happened to me a few days ago and I felt the same feelings of nothingness. Wasn't happy wasn't sad; was just bored and buzzed (then lethargic for the next 2-3 days). I'm glad you were quickly able to see how meh drinking usually is.
I'm sorry if this makes you upset be glad that you can recognize how it really makes you feel. Just do the next right thing and if you want to pick up again remember that feeling of disappointment the drink gave you. ...I almost threw away 10 months the other day after a bad breakup. I was closer than I had ever been before. This is the person I had drank with and at the beginning who I got sober for. The breakup was directly related to how he felt about things I did on my last drunk that he couldn't get past. So it would have been completely counterintuitive to go drink but that's exactly what I wanted to do. I was literally planning how I was going to do it as he broke up with me. ..I ended going to a familiar meeting instead and talking about it which helped open me up a bit. Earlier in the day I had found the strength to pour out two cans of booze I found in my car but then later in the day I was just about to replace them. ..I know I would have felt exactly the same way as you do if I had gone through with it. Now that we know we're sick drinking doesn't have the same thrill it used to because I think we realize we're only hurting ourselves. It's so appealing but once you start doing it that shit isn't as great as we remember. ..It's so easy to look back on good moments of drinking and how it made us feel but I find it's even more important to remember all the fucked up shit we did when we were drinking and the horrible feelings it dredges up. ...I know that if I were to drink today I would end up crying on the floor. That's just where my head is right now and drinking wouldn't help that in the slightest. I used to think it brought out good things in me too but now it's pretty clear that was not the case. ...I hope you stay strong and don't be so hard on yourself. Good luck and thank you for sharing!
That was my experience also. I had built it up so much in my mind that when I picked up after a break it was a huge disappointment. "WTF? I wanted *this?*"
I've had my share of relapses. I just look at them as practice runs. I eventually reached the point that you just did...Congratulations!
I just did this too. Hadn't had a drink since September 13. Got and drank a bottle of wine on the 30th. Did absolutely nothing for me. Was thrilled at the prospect of it the anticipation- as someone already pointed out-but by the second glass I was just drinking it because it was there. It could just as well have been tea or water. Next day I felt okay physically but was in the ninth circle of Hell mentally. Decided not to do it again (VERY unusual for me!) and haven't since so I'm sticking with THAT feeling for now. Not to say I won't ever do it again but right now I know the price is too high.
[removed]
Did this last night and felt exactly the same as you. I decided not to beat myself up about it as it only strengthened my resolve to totally stop. ....
That's great. I'm looking forward to reaching the point where a relapse doesn't feel good anymore
Yeah just not fun anymore. I will not drink with you tonight
