-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56mqrs/i_struggle_emotionally/

I'm doing really well with not drinking dealing with urges (which are becoming less consistent and more fleeting) enjoying sober health :)...But I find myself more angry and cannot let things go! I am shorter with my husband. People do and say things I used to shrug off (or mask with booze) that now bother me for days. I had an unpleasant experience at a used car lot yesterday that kept me up 1/2 of the night. Rationally it was no big deal. Emotionally it is bothering me even as I write this! ..So I don't know what you guys do to deal with new emotions that previously weren't there. Or if long term sober people can weigh in on what kind of new coping mechanisms work for you that would be great. ..Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I think dealing with the new emotions and getting through them has strengthened my sobriety.  Car dealers stress anyone out! Lol You stayed sober!  Your doing great. :-)
Restless irritable and discontent (RID). This is extremely common for alcoholics when they quit drinking. It's probably why so many people go back to drinking...unless you can find a way to deal with these unpleasant emotions sobriety doesn't feel very good...I managed to work through this by getting involved in AA...the 12 steps are designed for this purpose.  I didn't think it would work because I am absolutely not religious but I was miserable enough to try anything.  I had no idea that my drinking was affecting so much of my life and those around me. I needed to learn how to deal with life sober and I couldn't do it alone.
What helped me to learn how to deal with new emotions was having a therapist and being involved in AA. The serenity prayer is to this day always calming. Letting go of what I can't control is a powerful tool which I am blessed to have learned.
I had this. Hang in there because it improves a lot. For me months 3 and 4 were a horrible mix of rage and depression. 150 days seemed to be a turning point for me- all good so far...
