-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56oy8q/rounding_a_year/

It isn't exactly 365 days yet but I predict I won't think of posting here on that day. I'm fairly sure I'll make it to that point without drinking so I feel OK making my "1 year" post a few days early... ..A year ago during a bender I hung myself. My boyfriend found me in the shower strung up with a short length of bungee cord we had been using to keep the closet doors shut (the handles were broken). .. ..With one arm he held me up and was afraid to let go to reach in his pocket and grab his cellphone to call 911. Eventually he broke the shower door with his free hand and got me on the ground. Then he called the ambulance. He has scars running the length of his arm from the shower glass cutting him as it fell... ..I was in a coma for two weeks and when I woke up they weren't sure if I'd walk again be able to breathe on my own be able to talk or swallow.. I had damaged my neck pretty badly. I forget what my BAC was when I arrived in the hospital but I remember it was high. High even for the time that had elapsed between the last drink and arriving in the ER... ..I've been sober since that day. No one has ever questioned or pressured me to have a drink. A few friends thought it was because of medication I was on but I explained that...If I ever drink there will be a chance that I will get drunk. If I allow myself to get drunk there is a possibility that I will get TOO drunk. It happens to everyone  getting too drunk sometimes. If I ever get too drunk... well... then I consider me a risk to myself. So I don't drink... ..My boyfriend hasn't had a drink since that night either. I thought it was because he had been sober when we started dating and found this a good opportunity but lately I've been hearing him explain to people that it is because of me. He doesn't seem to mind and he certainly doesn't seem to struggle with it... ..Anyone who has read my comments here knows that sobriety hasn't fixed a lot of things. I'm no less lazy and I'm no more put together. My skin hasn't cleared up and I haven't lost a ton of weight. I'm less depressed but that might have more to do with the antidepressants I was prescribed..given the fact that I tried to kill myself... ..Leaving the hospital I was told no major decisions for a year. I was to take the time to heal recover and find my footing. I knew that I would have trouble with this one year anniversary. As though I'm supposed to figure out what the rest of my life will be. I certainly don't know what it should be yet. Maybe I've enjoyed the excuse to sit around and take it easy... ..But here's to the positive: I've started running again and dropped my PR by several minutes. My boyfriend and I have never been closer. We're renovating my house to rid it of the ghosts of my suicide attempt. I've found pleasure in editorial work and found steady income from working at home- a real dream come true. I took the year to explore my curiosity: I built a computer I took French lessons with a friend I took a 3 week cross country road trip I taught myself some HTML/CSS I worked at and then quickly quit a job at an art gallery. I've made money writing I've made money editing I've played a little piano... ..So here's to 361 days. .. ..OH MY GOD and now I see I made a nearly identical post a few days ago! Goes to show my brain hasn't quite recovered from the loss of oxygen. How embarrassing...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm grateful you're alive to tell your story. It resonates. I will not drink with you today. Thank you from all of my heart for sharing. 
This is a brave and courageous story. I am so happy for you. You have accomplished so much! Congratulations.
Congratulations on one year ! 
What an incredible story..I'm thankful that you're here with us! Congratulations!!!! Here's to 361 days ;).
Well I didn't see your post from a few days ago so I'm really glad I got to read this one! Thank you for writing again :) I'm really inspired by your story and I'm so glad you are here with us. It sounds like your year has had plenty of positive things in it for which I'm really happy for you. I find myself getting impatient with my progress and wanting things done quickly I need to remind myself that just working bit by bit and hitting the hay free of alcohol is enough for this year. Anyway your post has really reminded me of what's important today. So thank you again! 
Congratulations! For what it's worth all the answers certainly didn't come to me in year one. Year one for me was just stabilizing myself. Year two was "huh. I guess some fundamental assumptions I made about myself were false. I have no idea who I am and have to start over with an open mind." Year three is where everything came together in some amazing ways! It has been well worth the effort and uncertainty! Kudos to you!
I somehow managed to miss your other post; I'm glad for this second post. Thank you for sharing! I hope your running PRs keep on coming! PRs are the bee's knees. 
