-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56q5h1/lonely_is_a_dangerous_feeling/

Haven't posted in a while still sober. ..I am really struggling with loneliness. I am really in no place to be dating at the moment and in all honestly I don't even want to date. I've been focused on my health (at the gym) my career (got a raise) and my sobriety but I just cannot shake this fear that I will be alone forever or that I should be attempting to date. ..My ex - whom I developed feelings for we didn't even date that long has since happily moved on with someone new. And I don't begrudge him that I am happy for him it just makes me wonder if I am so damaged I'll be alone forever. ..Maybe it's the holiday long weekend maybe it's seeing everyone I know coupled up maybe it is because I don't have many friends in this town... the reasons don't even really matter. I am not going to drink and for now for a while at least I am not going to date either. ..If anyone out there is lonely too just remember you aren't alone you won't be alone forever and even though working on yourself gets boring it will only bring greater joy to your life in the long run. This is what I am telling myself anyway. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have learned the hard way that being around people that are bad for me or if I am in a personal place I am bad for *them* is much worse than taking some time to be by myself...Noting wrong with self improvement and taking time for you alone.
You're not alone - I'm getting the loneliness thing too. I have been focusing on the fact that I'm a totally different person sober and I have gotten to know myself let alone have other people get to know me. There's a lot going on in my life (I'm my handicapped Mom's caregiver) so I don't have a hell of a lot of time to think about relationships. BUT I don't think I'll be alone for the rest of my life and neither will you :). If I start to get lonely I visit with friends catch up on e-mail and phone calls come hang out here on SD lots of things. In fact just reading your post reinforces the fact that I'm not alone! Also we have the IRC here (link in sidebar) and we can chat there any time 24/7! It gets better believe me: you will never be alone :) xo
Thank you very much for sharing - I resonated greatly with what you wrote. I too have been struggling with feelings of loneliness. I haven't been looking for a sexual relationship either and I guess one of the reasons is also that I am feeling damaged. In a certain way I feel like I'm grieving my recent breakup with alcohol. I feel I need space to heal. ..And it is tough to see a once-close friend of mine now opting to devote much of her time to her new boyfriend. I think deep down in my subconscious mind I've struggled with feelings of jealousy. But it's also spurred me onto trying to reform myself and expand my social circles. I've organised meetups for this and next week something which I would  rarely take the initiative to do. ..When my feelings of loneliness overwhelm me at night I try to remind myself that all this is temporary and will pass. Sometimes the loneliness is necessary to make me really appreciate the times when I am happily in the company of others. I can only distract myself and leave my fate in the hands of my higher power. 
Hi preacher my name is choir...the lonelies make me break out into tears while alone in my apartment randomly too. I get anxious and head out to the bar. This is will be my first week where I'll be actively  working on my sobriety.  So the lonlies will be followed up with moods wings and depression and all types of negative self talk. Because I hope not to run to the liquor to feel good..even even if it's fake good...Im gonna try to push through. Alcohol doesn't even pretend to like me anymore. And I'm feeling lonely while drunk AND sober at least sober I won't make an ass of myself. ..I am damaged goods for now. I should have a sticker and everything. I'm scared I'm gonna get too old to get swept off my feet. So I have to make amends with myself incase I do just end up alone. And I'd hope  all my hard work will have paid off because I will be mentally healthier to be with someone. If he comes along.
I feel exactly the same. Thanks for posting this.
Good to see I'm not the only singleton on here. I'm usually pretty happy to be single and am generally an introvert who likes my alone time but movies and TV that have romance plots make me wish I could have that sometimes. But I agree with the common advice about waiting a while after getting sober until dating. And actually I am looking forward to dating sober for the first time. It will be so much more real! I ruined my longest relationship with drinking/smoking all the time (well there were other issues but that was a big one) and I always thought I couldn't have drama-free relationships but now I wonder how much of the drama was because of the third person (alcohol) in our relationship..Anyway I'm really glad we have this sub for when we're feeling lonely!
I struggle with that as well.  I used to use alcohol as my friend even though it wasn't.  I've found that by reaching out at least I know I may be lonely but I'm not alone.  
[removed]
Lonely is hard. I have to remind myself I am not alone. I will not drink with you tonight.
[deleted]
Seems many people relate to your loneliness. I have at times struggled with this and what I am about to say may seem negative but in reality it is not. ..I recently turned 40. Now I was married in my early twenties. Divorced at 27. Met another and she left me on my 30th bday after living together for over two years. There have been many flings along the way but for the past 5 years I have only dated 2 women. ..The first is someone I know very well and we always had something between us but it didn't really go anywhere. The second is someone from my past. I have always loved and will love this woman but she has some issues I can not deal with...The reason I bring these things up is because sometimes things just don't work out. I had a good run in my 20's and into my 30's. Maybe I am not meant to be with anyone. I know that sounds negative but its just a reality. Don't get me wrong if a good thing shows up I will not turn my back on it. I will see what happens but for some and maybe myself included it is not to be. I had to accept this and once I did I don't beat myself up over it. ..Yesterday was a rather difficult day for me because I had just ended it with the most recent that day. I would rather be alone that deal with her abuse and that hurts because I would love nothing more in the world to be there for her and help her out but she is not helping herself so no matter what I do things will never be healthy between us. ..I know myself worth and I will not settle for just anyone. So maybe I will forever be alone and that is okay. One of the reasons I drink is because I don't like spending so much time with myself. I do like who I am. I'm not perfect but I did spend Friday night at home alone and sober. I did go out Saturday night and had a few. Sunday I was back at home with myself and sober. 
Alcohol never helped me with feelings of loneliness. I still felt lonely.
