-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56rv4m/groundhog_day/

Here I am again back on the forums after a long slide down the drinking slope this last 2 weeks. ..I'm really struggling this time guys. Everytime I relapse I just get worse. Almost like the impact of further failure compounds my depression and anxiety leading to greater and more dangerous levels of drinking. ..This morning I woke up tired and hungover again. I have to quit. ..Today I'm back resetting the badge. I'll start the long climb to sobriety. I hope I can do it properly this time. ..No more drinking no more relapse. No more "just have one you'll be fine now you are in control". I'm not in control. It controls me. ..Man screw this shit. This is a drug and it's evil. ..Sorry for the mini rant. Just got to get stuff off my chest. .
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[deleted]
I could not rely on my addicted mind alone to solve my addiction over the long term. Finally I turned outward for help and that made all the difference. This sub helps but I needed real face to face support. For me that was AA. The Big Book of AA tdescribes  the death spiral pattern of drinking which I have experienced and that you describe above. I was reluctant at first but AA has been very uplifting for me. 
It's a vicious cycle. One that I eventually was able to break by not taking that first drink...I took it hour by hour at first. After a few days I could commit to the entire day. And each day I reaffirm that commitment by returning here...I will not drink with you today.
We are all here for you. I got much worse after each failed attempt as well. I was just so disappointed in myself and would get a case of the "fuck it's." Which led to depression and more drinking. ..This time I'm putting every ounce of energy I have into sobriety. It HAS to work this time. I can't go back to feeling gross all the time. I am spending a lot more time here on SD and I post my struggles and triumphs. At first I was nervous to be so vocal here but it really has been the thing that has kept me honest and sober. ..I'm glad you're back. We can do this together. 
I just to have to add that every time I slipped it too got worse. Almost as if drunken me was punishing me so I would "wake up" eventually. My last rock bottom was over four months ago and when I think about where I could go from.. THERE it scares the living shit out of me. Good luck! &lt;3
Groundhog day is my favorite movie. How many times he acted like an asshole? How many did he try to kill himself? How many time he failed? It happens a hundred times in the movie but I heard that what is implied is that he spent thousands of year doing it...But he finally succeeds. One day he wakes up and it's the next day...One day will be your next day too.
Thanks everyone. Sitting here working late so I don't hit the 7pm 'drink' button. I can already feel the goblin on my back whispering to just have one tonight and start fresh tomorrow. ..I may be on this forum all night till I make it through. 
Thought you might like at this link [Make mine Groundhog Day with a twist](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44wayb/make_mine_groundhog_day_with_a_twist_please/)...I've heard that Ramis wrote it as a metaphor for his struggles with recovery.
