-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56vc9d/the_things_we_carry_let_go_forgive_and_gain/

Today has been very stressful. My boss is being her usual flaky unsupportive self (with regard to work stuff). We've decided to put our house on the market this week and begin the process of selling & buying a house (ARRRGHHH) which comes with the whole "now we have to fix everything in our house we've lived with that's not quite completely perfect" thing. Which means painting the last room going through all the crap boxing up extra crap keeping the house impeccable for showings. Which is extra fun with a 5-year-old a cat and two giant German Shepherds. All my friends are out of town/out of the country on vacation this week too and I'm feeling a bit isolated...All the cleaning and sorting and painting and boxing got me thinking about the things that I carry in life which turned into a more metaphorical journey in my head as the day went on. ..I carry a lot of things with me with regard to drinking. I carry the physical weight of the extra calories over the years and the self-disgust that comes with that--the old familiar feelings of inadequacy and inability to have self-restraint. I carry with me the emotional weight of guilt for the many poor decisions I've made while drinking. The pain I've caused myself and the people I love.  I carry with me regret for these actions. I carry with me shame. Self-loathing. Embarrassment. Anger. Depression...None of these things are positives. In sobriety I am trying to let go of these negative things I carry. To seek forgiveness from myself and from others. To gain positive things to carry...In sobriety I carry with me determination to not drink this minute this hour this day one day after another. I carry with me willpower determination and pride in myself for every day I succeed. I carry with me faith--I'm not religious but faith in myself that I can and will beat back these demons. I carry with me respect for myself in knowing that the decisions I make are mine and mine alone made with sound and sober mind and body. I carry with me jealousy of those who don't have to go through these struggles. The self-loathing and depression are still there but I'm not actively adding to their weight. ..The best thing about the past is that it stays in the past and you have the opportunity to make the future without regard to what has happened in the past if you so choose. ..Sometimes it feels overwhelming to have to undertake a journey without an end but I'm trying to remember to let go forgive and gain positive things. One minute at a time some days...Thanks for listening sobernauts.
----------immediate responses--------

Outstanding post! Thanks so much for sharing!
Well the whole house thing is simple - just take it one day at a time just like we do with our sobriety. ..The positive things you have listed are a great way to reflect. I don't think about those enough. Instead I constantly think I'm just a maniac . I used to be a drunk maniac but now i don't have the booze. Can alcoholism give you ptsd? I'm in a different world than I used to be - but you know what most of the time I'm happy to be here ... ..Despite feeling as if I'm in a different dimension. ..We are all struggling. There isn't one person who isn't dealing with some demon or some challenge - well some people just have good days more frequently than others do - ..Keep your chin up. I'll stay sober with you tonight 
I think stress opens the door to negative voices in my head. Somtimes at work  (its good that my thought arent audible.) Lol feelings would be hurt. Ha. I somtimes look for somthing funny or make it funny myself. Laughter relieves stress. We all have things that make us laugh. Dont cha? Think a minute.
Just what I needed.  Thank you kindly.
this is beautiful thank you for sharing.  I will not drink with you today.  
