-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56vd3z/why_i_drank_last_night_and_still_consider_it_a/

So I'm 42 days in and this is without a doubt the longest I've gone without drinking nearly *every single day*. I was invited out with coworker's to meet a colleague whom I've been friends on Facebook with for awhile but had never actually met (we're both artists who travel and while we know many of the same people we've always been in very different locations) last night. This being Korea there was soju flowing freely naturally. I've been struggling with cravings a lot lately even had a non-alcohol "beer" with lunch hoping it would satisfy my lizard brain. One of my biggest struggles has been with drinking alone for emotional reasons so even though I had some soju with my coworker's I still consider it a victory. Yes I drank which I'm not proud of but I noticed a few things:..1) it's much more difficult for me to express myself clearly or eloquently with alcohol in my system. When meeting people for the first time this is definitely not the impression I want to give..2) I don't like the disconnect. I used to adore it seeing it as an escape from my anxiety riddled brain and the endless flow of thoughts that relentlessly careened through triggering emotional issues. Last night taking the train home I found the feeling of being buzzed slightly disorienting and mildly uncomfortable. Also while I still have anxiety issues and occasionally bicker with my long-distance boyfriend over trivial bullshit my anxiety is more manageable *without* booze and my sporadic flare ups with my boyfriend are not as unusual as I previously believed after discussing them with someone else who's in a LDR..3) waking up today (15 minutes before my alarm despite going to bed over an hour later than normal) my eyes are less bright my skin more dull my mood more bland. I've never been much of a morning person but usually a couple cups of coffee gets me moving and if I listen to music there might be some grooving and a dramatic upswing in cheer. This morning was just "meh". My eggs were way too salty. My shower dragged on because I felt sluggish. I'm not even hung over really I just feel like I'm operating at a reduced capacity like a car that runs on high octane being fueled with regular. .4) Even though the culture here is to have others pour your drink for you I too noticed myself eyeballing the bottle a bit more than I felt comfortable with. Even though each of my drinks was taken with a coworker toasting their glass as well I still felt greedy and selfish. That's not who I want to be...And to make matters worse now my poor body will have to work to remove the poison from my system! I went well over my caloric budget for the day but it was a celebration and I'm glad I finally got to meet my colleague. ..On the plus side I'm down 25 pounds and my coworker complimented me on how slim I've gotten. Coming from someone raised in a land of gorgeous slender women (and men!) that's a huge compliment. My face is a little puffy today but certainly not as bad as it was when I turned to the bottle on the daily..
----------immediate responses--------

I must say you are very good at writing your thoughts . Also very good at seeing the negative impact alcohol has on us. I know Im so relieved to be living without all that self induced agony. VERY  good for you!!!! 
Ahh Korea. The alcohol is insanely cheap and ubiquitous over there...Even though you drank it is good that you got so many lessons out of it. It is good to have reminders once in a while of why you are doing what you are doing. ..Congratulations on losing all that weight too.
I love the fact that rather than see it as some sort of failing that you took the time to use it as a teachable-moment for yourself (and for all of us - thanks for that btw).
