-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56ybyr/tempted/

Don't know why but today I'm struggling.  Really tempted to buy some wine.  When I'm in this kind of a mood I always end up doing it.  I really want some but i don't at the same time..if that makes sense (probably not). All i ask is that if i do I'm not judged. Thank you all.
----------immediate responses--------

No judgement here...Do you have any plans in place to help you get through this?..Have you played the tape forward?
I know the feeling of wanting to drink and not wanting to drink. What has kept me sober is *DISTRACTIONS*. When I'm distracted watching a movie or on a walk listening to music I don't think about alcohol. When I don't think about alcohol I don't drink. It's worked for me so far.
I gave in about a week ago and have felt awful about it ever since. On my way to the therapist now  . 
I agree on playing the tape forward that helps me to this very day!  Also I understand that feeling of want to/ don't want to.  When I was in early recovery I would sit on my hands if I had to.  Anything until that feeling passed or until all the liquor stores closed.  You have to get through Day 4 to get to Day 5...
I have decided to "research" many times after varying periods of sobriety.  I am the last one to judge somebody.  I always end up in the same predicament.  I obsess once that first drink flows down my throat.  It does not happen quickly but it happens.  Before I know what hits me I'm drinking every day or I am miserable on the days that I don't.  That's no way to live!
Hey there!  No judgement from me whatever you decide but this is our Day 5 and according to this it's a mini milestone :) https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline 
Four days sober was always the toughest for me. Drink over the weekend pick it up again on Thursday or Friday. If you can muscle past today I always found the next day easier.
Thank you all. Just got in from shopping and pleased to say i didn't get any form of alcohol got hot chocolate instead.  Thank you all for your words of support without them i dare say i would've gotten wine.
This could be your opportunity for a victory..
Struggling with a very similar feeling to last night.  I'm just toughing it our hour by hour.  Hopefully it will pass before I do something that I know I will regret.  Let's not drink today together.....
