-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56zwqm/relapsed_again/

Not gonna go into much detail but it started on a work trip and ended with me missing one of my best friends birthday BBQ because I was already too drunk to drive there. ..There's a lot I want to say right now but I'm at work so time is limited. Just wanted to get it out there. ..I am NOT drinking today.  
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today! Hang in there. 
We're in this together! Tied for first place in the sobriety championship!
Did you decide before you got there that it had a good chance of happening?  Just curious because all my relapses start well before I take that first drink.  I just recently started having many of these thoughts lately.  I am struggling.  I hope I feel better after my meeting tonight.  I probably will.
i'm with you friend shit happens we pull ourselves back up by our bootstraps and get back after it. look you are here so you want it. don't dwell just move forward with all of us 1 day at a time. i won't drink with you today.
Glad your here. ( without all the comas) lol. Laughter is good for the soul.  I wont drink with  today dear friend.
You've got this! Half the battle is realizing what happened and getting back on the wagon with all us fine folk. I relapsed at 55 days drank for four and now I'm at 13 days. So I say drinking four days out of the last 70+ isn't bad at all. That's cutting back big time. We all stumble sometimes it's if we get back up and dust ourselves off and try again that sets us apart. Not drinking with you today. 
I will not drink with you tonight
Hang in there. I just relapsed also this past weekend.  We can do this!
Don't beat yourself up about it but remember how you feel starting day 1 again.  
I won't drink with you today.
Not drinking with you today!! Relapsed many many many many MANY many times; I know how you're feeling right now but stick with this!! I promise you won't even recognize your life a year from now it will be so good. I'm in AA and I LOVE the fellowship of my homegroup and my community there but this subreddit has been wonderful for my recovery as well. For me sobriety didn't open the gates of heaven and let me in; it opened the gates of hell and let me out. You've got this. I believe in you. 
