-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5707fi/so_my_friends_hold_an_intervention_im_now/

So - A group of about 10 of us have been hanging out for around 10 years; cards cookouts parties etc. and alcohol has always been involved.  We *all* drink.  I guess I go harder than others (a fact I will not dispute).  ..Since I entered rehab over 40 days ago I haven't heard from any of them.  I relapsed this weekend and somehow one of them found out and I got a text to the effect of "I can't do this anymore.  Until you're better I'm out"..Really?! - No one is ever "cured" in rehab.  Isn't that like me telling someone "you really need to join a gym."  And then not speaking to them again until they achieve some unforeseen goal that I have set out for them in my mind?..I just feel abandoned.  This is the hardest fucking thing I've ever had to deal with and these people have been my centre for a long time.  We're a group of mid-30's people all with good jobs/professions.  ..I'm just feel incredibly frustrated right now.  I already feel like the elephant in the room which is bad enough but I feel ostracized and singled out.  I admit I have a problem.  I do.  I'm working on it...Has this happened to anyone else?  Advice?  ..Do I need to reach out to them and put together a "social strategy" whereby I can't be around if alcohol is being served or something to that effect?  ..Just - I'm frustrated.  I go to program and come home and now my usual evening and weekend festivities are empty...Thanks for letting me vent.       
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes you're not supposed to have contact with people while you're in rehab so that you can focus on working your own work. When my dad went away to rehab for the first time when I was in the third grade we couldn't visit him for a month.
What I did when I got out of rehab was just put my head down and get to work.  I can't control my friends or acquaintances but can control my own actions.  Much of my road to recovery has been a personal journey and I got the most help from others who were on the same road.  Actions (focused purely on self improvement) were the only thing that could convince people that I was changing... and that took a long time.  It got better as I focused on my recovery and not on what others thought of me.  If people are going to "come around" it will be in their own time.  I can't force that and if I try to (especially when they are not ready) I may do damage that cannot be undone.  I took up hobbies to fill up my weekends. I'm not friends with kids i played with in the elementary school and that's ok.   I only spend time with one of my old party friends and that's ok as well.  I didn't have much in common with them once drinking was removed.  .Did you learn any tools in rehab that can help you now that you are out in the "real" world?  What kinds of supports do you have and what are you doing to ensure that relapses won't happen in the future?  The big question I had to ask myself when I got out of rehab was "Am I ready to do this?"  I decided the answer was YES.  Not drinking became the #1 item on my things to do list for the day and each day that has followed.  Everything else comes second including my children my family my job....   The great thing is though when I don't drink I can accomplish other important things in my life.
This hasn't happened to me but I understand why you'd be feeling that way. Abandoned for sure. Sounds like they may have some of their own issues and maybe they aren't as strong as they seem. I do know that when a picture of me drinking a beer was posted on social media some of my friends were texting me and saying I saw you I saw you! Like they caught me and were proud of themselves rather than trying to support me. Hang in there! Vent anytime and things will get better.
Your recovery and strategies are your business... they can't expect you to be "perfect"- there's no such thing... if you were sober for 10 years and slipped would they text the same thing?  
I'm sorry this is happening to you.  Is it possible that they just don't know how to have fun without booze and they don't want to make you feel tempted when you're around them?   When I first started this journey I didn't want to feel like a hermit so I decided hosting a game night at my house was better than meeting at a bar or restaurant.  Everybody had a great time I got to stay sober and nobody needed to spend much money to enjoy themselves.
[removed]
That's really frustrating. I'm sorry that you have the added burden of people who feel the need to shame you into "being better." ..I wish I had better advice than "focus on yourself" but with "friends" like him/her I can't offer any that would suggest you be a part of the group. You know which of them truly care. Gravitate toward them if possible.
Hey u/whydoesthisalwayshap glad you're here!..Congratulations on your rehab stint.  Sorry to hear about your struggles.  Even more sorry to hear about your relapse...My mind lies to me.  My mind takes one piece of  true data  and will then make logical leaps that would flabbergast a cognitive contortionist...One of the valuable aspects of this community is getting various viewpoints and sometimes brutal honesty.  That's what some classify as  calling me on my s*&amp;% .  ..Here's the logical associations I read in your post.  I don't have any judgmental observations about you as a person; I'm just responding to your query... Isn't that like telling someone  you really need to join a gym' and then not speaking to them again until they achieve some unforeseen goal that is set out for them in their mind?   ..I would award  A  for attempted analogy but not so much for the construction of the metaphor.  In my opinion  being out of shape  and  consuming alcohol to the point that my colleagues need to conduct an intervention  are not comparable.  ..Being out of shape does not necessarily affect the basic interactions between people in typical social settings such as  cards cookouts parties etc.   However If I consume alcohol to the point that my behaviors include descriptors such as: loud rude sloppy irritating dangerous to myself or others drama chaos and any other words then people usually don't want to be around me.  ..So let me qualify I don't know you and don't know if any of those descriptors represent you.  All I know is that your best friends cared enough about you to hold an intervention want the best for you and have had enough of  You + Alcohol .  ..You ask  should I put together a social strategy ?..When I read your post I get the impression that you perceive that you've been  wronged' and you might have some resentments about that.  ..Here's what I would do.  Which of course doesn't mean I think you should do this...If it was me I would craft a carefully worded letter to my friends.  I would first thank them for caring enough for me to hold the intervention.  I might even say  you helped save my life .  I would continue with owning my stuff.  I might say things like:  I recognize that this was hard for you to do and that I've put you through a lot to actually get to this point.  I accept that my behaviors have been difficult and put an undesired strain on our relationships.  I'm working to get better.  It's a struggle.  When I got out of rehab I thought I was doing well and then relapsed this weekend.  I wanted to own that as well.".."Here's what I am doing to get better:  I have a therapist I am going to meetings every day.  I'm learning about my patterns habits and triggers.  I'm developing a fellowship network and have people I can call if I get a craving.".."I think of each of you every day.  I'm thankful that you think enough of me to help me get better.".."I'm working on that.  I hope that I can stabilize and be welcomed back into our circle.  It means a lot to me.  I would like to reach out to each of you individually to ask if there is anything I can do to make amends or repair our relationships.  Here's my contact number if you want to reach me.  "..That's what I would do...Sorry you're frustrated.  I hope you take it one day at a time.  The only person I need to be better than is myself yesterday...Peace..
Vent away. Frustration anger and ostracism are all part of the experience. So is rebuilding social connections-or watching them decay. Maybe the things that have happened between you are too big to bridge. Maybe they will fade as you develop a solid foundation of sobriety. All you can do is make the best choices for yourself.
I felt the same way up until a month or two ago. It felt odd; people telling me to get better then saying ' okay see you then!' I can't count the amount of times I sat in bed wondering why people would claim to care if they were going to back off as soon as I sought help. Why even waste their breath? Why not just disappear and not say anything at all?..In retrospect it was a good thing that people finally gave me a bit of space. I no longer see it as them giving up on me I see it as them giving up on the intoxicated me. Even if I didn't want it at the time I needed it. I can't speak for you but the thought of being able to do something without feeling like I had anyone to truly answer to but myself felt good. I was finally doing something for my own good rather than for someone else's benefit...One of my triggers was always trying to please everyone which basically led to me living 18 hour days ( I worked 6 days a week ) while working a demanding job with demanding parents ill grandparents and an ex boyfriend that I actually grew to resent after a while because I knew I couldn't measure up to him and his expectations with everything else weighing me down ( for the record he's an amazing person). I couldn't keep up with his energy level no longer wanted to be intimate and couldn't think about anything other than the next bottle because that was the only way that I could knock myself out in time to wake up and do it all again...My advice? Embrace some of the peace and quiet. I know it's hard when you feel like you're alone but you aren't. Not forever anyways. I just tried looking at it as a temporary reprieve from having to fake being happy when I wasn't or having to talk when I didn't feel like sharing. I find that SD helps but so does getting up doing something for yourself and reminding yourself that they at least cared enough at one point to sit you down and voice their concerns. If they didn't care they wouldn't have bothered...I hope you don't let this get to you. Keep posting to SD when you need a hand everyone here is super supportive...I'm 25 and I raise a hot chocolate to you. Without shame because coffee still tastes yucky to me =(
For me I am learning I need to stay away from the old crowd for a while. It is too easy for me to fall back and off the wagon. I have to want it for me. I will not drink with you tonight.
Thanks for venting. Sorry that year about your struggles. I identify with your post. The responses seem to ring true for my situation. Many of the most important people in my life are working very hard on keeping each their own life headed in a positive productive direction for them and their families. I get resentful. I feel forgotten. But then I remind myself they love me and that I have demonstrated a decade of behavior that makes me hard to trust. I love them and want to encourage them to be the tops and I know that means learning to love myself again. 
