-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/570acb/write_drunk_edit_sober/

This is something I'm struggling with. I'm a writer AND editor. Getting those first pages done is nearly impossible with a clear mind. Obviously my writing is better now. But those first paragraphs are a BEAST.. .Anyone else struggling with this? Suggestions? The closest I've come is writing first thing when I wakeup. I'm so out of it its almost like being drunk...?
----------immediate responses--------

I am also a writer and editor. The only way that alcohol benefits my writing is to help me lose my inhibitions. Learning to lose my inhibitions *without* booze has been a major step in my development as a writer. Have a look at *Bird by Bird* by Anne Lamott one of the best books on writing I know written by a sober alcoholic.
It sounds to me like alcohol was a way to lose the inhibitions and stop overthinking your opening (because you know you are going to cinch it up later). If the desired effect is reckless abandon on your first draft I suggest writing as if nobody is ever going to read those first pages. 
Anything you write drunk you have within you to write sober. There is nothing that alcohol does that can aid in your creativity. As someone said above all it does is make you lose inhibitions saying or writing stuff you wouldn't normally say or write sober.
I'm a writer as well. I'm a venue owner too and one of our creative writing events uses this quote for their promo since they all drink beer &amp; wine during the meetup. :-/..In addition to *Bird by Bird* check out *On Writing* by Stephen King. It's a great book on...well...*writing* but he also talks about his drinking (he has no recollection of writing *Cujo* for example) and subsequent sobriety...I devoured his book and took it to heart when writing my book proposal. My agent saw a complete 180 difference in my sample chapters around that time which I attribute to King's book. It's great. I recommend it every chance I get. ..I wrote a good chunk of my book sitting in my favorite cafe (1/2 price bottles of wine on Tuesdays &amp; Wednesdays kept me there for extra shifts). But I truly believe I could've written it sober. I did (do) plenty of writing when I'm not drinking as I'm sure most writers have. ..If it's the jumping off point maybe use a writing prompt book like *642 Things to Write About* to get you "warmed up" then tackle your real projects. ..Anyway congrats on the impending year anniversary. Read your post about it and appreciate you sharing your story.
I used to drink while I wrote too. It's taken me a while to realize that the hardest part for me was just getting started--I took a few drinks to both procrastinate and to numb that pain...These days I use a few techniques: ..1) I break big projects down into much smaller tasks and only tackle one small task per day. I keep track of my days/times/tasks in a spreadsheet and log them as a way to both plan and keep myself accountable...2) when drafting I commit to spending one hour per day on that small task. I can go over if I want--and frequently do--but I commit to that one hour everyday and hold myself to it. Knowing I only have to work on it an hour is a real incentive. ..3) When starting that hour I'll start a timer and promise myself that I'll work for at least 15 minutes straight before I get up for a break. Most days I find that once the timer goes off I've successfully "sunk" into the project and don't want to stop. Once I get into that state I can work at least 90 minutes and actually enjoy it and feel productive. Sometimes I'll even go for a second timer session if conditions are right...Good luck to you!
