-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/573vgt/to_become_a_full_person_without_the_shadow_of/

This was a quote from a NYT magazine article about someone who treats people struggling with addiction. The focus of the article was Adderall something I used to have a prescription for in college. I went cold turkey several days after learning it had been banned in Canada following a few deaths... I didn't quit because I was afraid of a rare heart-related complication but because my first reaction was "WHAT WILL I DO IF IT GETS BANNED IN THE US?!" I didn't want to be dependent on something to get through the day. (Now I say this as someone who ultimately didn't NEED Adderall but grew dependent on it. I realize there are plenty of people who medically require psychoactive drugs just as there are diabetics who would die without insulin.)..Sort of hilariously in hindsight I continued drinking alcohol at the time and delighted in the knowledge that it would never be banned and I would always have access. ..I didn't have a similar revealation about alcohol until much later. I quit because it was messing up my life; my understanding was not any more nuanced than that. It was only a few months into sobriety that I began to love a life that could take pleasure in certain moments without needing chemical enhancement. So many times when I was drinking I would be at a dinner or listening to music or anything really and think "ah this is nice but wouldn't it be GREAT if I also had a glass of wine?" And now certain moments can just be GREAT without always needing something.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks! I'm looking forward to those days.
This is a great quote thanks for sharing. That needing of something was always creeping on me just out of sight. It's nice to be able to genuinely enjoy moments for what they are without needing an alcohol enhancement or wanting them to be over so I can go drink. 
Good for you. I love this.
This is something I've been thinking a lot about lately. Being able to just be at peace in the moment. I find myself always thinking about my next drink (even when I was already drinking) my next cigarette the next time I can eat junk food. I'm only tackling one of these three things right now but it's made me a lot more conscious of just living through that urge and being okay with it.
I've never heard this quote before. I like it! It seems to describe serenity and acceptance.
Ha I used to think every success deserved a beer with it...What a load of bullshit that is...
Even after quitting I feel like my life still revolves around substances (caffeine nicotine at times etc.). The addictive personality is a part of me I think. I'm okay with that for the time being I suppose. I was going to write this in a journal but since it's relevant Ill just write it here. Thanks haha. not drinking today.
I call it bondage. That seems to really make it what it is to me. Somthing holding me prisoner. I quit smoking opiates now alcohol. Each one had me chasing it and owned me. Each one lost its grip on me. The spirit has the power over all things . I'm proof of that. 
I like that a lot.  It makes me think of acceptance of "what is" as "what is enough."  Thanks.
