-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/574gmd/i_have_a_question_about_food/

I finally have an appetite and can eat real food again!  Score!  But I've been thinking.....How the heck am I supposed to eat 2000 calories a day?!? When I was drinking I was easily consuming 1200-1600 calories a day in beer alone and only really ate one small meal a day.  Since getting sober I've been trying to make sure I have enough calories in my diet to give me energy so I don't feel like poo but I look at all this food and think... HOW DO I EAT ALL OF THIS!?!?  So far the most I've managed to stomach in a day is 1100 calories and my stomach hurt all day long from being so full.  Does anyone have any suggestions?  Anyone else struggle with this in early sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry your appetite will come back! Be patient with your body and mind...it needs to heal before getting back to business as usual. Listen to it and treat it well! 
Time usually helps the brain and body find equilibrium. After abusing my body for years I couldn't expect normalcy after a week. If you are seriously concerned consult your physician. 
Protein bars like MetRX (yummy my weakness I stay away from them!) are high in calories- like 450 or something in each.  You may end up finding out that you're just not a big eater.  Way too soon for you to tell...
The types of food you eat will affect your energy level as well.  If you are eating a lot of high calorie foods that are quickly digested (sugary things for example) your blood sugar will go up quickly and then down just as fast leaving you feeling sluggish.  So think about eating foods that sustain you--for me having protein and fiber early in the day keeps me going far longer than high-carb stuff regardless of calorie counts.  .Also base calorie needs vary a lot from person to person depending on body mass activity level and so on so it might be that 2000 calories is actually more than you need.
