-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/575kx9/the_3_stages_of_relapse_x_post_rleaves/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you. I am emotionally relapsing hard. I don't want to drink but I'm just irritable and resentful and self-pitying and blaming others. I needed this today. My sponsor is texting me and I plan to step up my meetings again after not going for like 2 weeks. 
I'm mentally relapsing right now. I did talk about it with my therapist today so hopefully that turns things around.
thank you for posting this. it made me cry it is so accurate...saving this for the future.
Thanks!  I agree.
This post is incredible &amp; needed!  I'm printing it out because it really clearly defines the stages I have always gone through.  I'm dealing with minor emotional relapse feelings which is why I signed up here and read the posts everyday.  It's helping to get my recovery back in check!
I'm in stage 2.  Working on going backwards.  Talked about it in a meeting last night.  
This is an awesome post. Thank you for sharing it. I want to print it off and keep it as a reminder to self:-)
Thank you!! Just thank you so much!!! The sneeky crap that sneeks in .  RELAPSE! !! 
I am hopeful.  And I am not quite sure if I am at a total mental relapse but definitely an emotional one usually around the same time every month.  The joys of having a uterus.
Saving for the future. Thanks for sharing!
Wow this is eye opening. I never recognized I was building towards a relapse until stage 2 and more often stage 3. After certain events this past weekend I recognize I've got a lot of the signs of stage 1 going on. Thanks for sharing this is a very useful tool to know.
I'd say that pretty much sums it up. Thank you for posting. 
Excellent information originally compiled by a man named Terry Gorski. Relapse happens before we actually pick up. 
This is amazingly accurate bookmarked
I lived this so thank you for putting it in writing. I especially remember #2 when I was relapsing after 12 years of sobriety. Wife was away on a float trip with her co-workers and I knew I'd have the house to myself that night after work. We'd been fighting fiercely about to separate and I thought I could get drunk just for that night. The next ten months were a blur of insanity that ended with me handcuffed to a hospital bed. I returned to AA and I'm very active in it today. That was 8 years ago and already I see symptoms of #1 in myself so thank you for this.
This is wonderful!  I knew this stuff but having it clearly laid out just makes it so much more accessible.  I'm totally saving this thank you!!
thank you for this! currently in between stage 1 and 2 but trying to get better and keep a positive attitude !
Had to beat this back all of last week. Just sat there thinking "I can have a beer and play some Skyrim. It will just be for one night." ..Then I started thinking about how I would feel after a night of drinking and how disappointed I would be in myself- especially after telling family and friends I quit. Thanks for the share this is definitely a good reference.
Thanks for this! Its really helpful
going to bookmark this and read it when i need too. great post.
Great post thank you.
Thank you for this. Took reading it to realize that I'm at the emotional relapse stage to a T :(
Thank you for the post :) Useful timely and a good reminder. I can see some of level one going on with me as I'm under tremendous relationship sorrow &amp; I sure as heck don't want to rev myself up into a relapse!
Thanks for posting.   This is really awesome. 
This is SO HELPFUL! Thank you for sharing. Really helps to recognize what's happening to me. I think "playing the tape" is going to help me a lot. That's something I've been los my sight of. 
Thank you.  Been on this rollercoaster too many times and I'm glad to be off for good.  Great reminders.  
This is good stuff 
Thank You
Bookmarked
This is outstanding. Thanks for posting it.
Thank you for posting this. I need to remember how bad my drinking life was so that don't have that false fantasy about a "lapse" w a speedy return to the wagon. Way too many stories on r/sd about the effort it takes sometimes to get back up the slippery slope. I don't want to find out how steep my own relapse slope is. Keeping an eye out for the halts and not drinking w you sobernauts  today. 
Yeah for me last week I was experiencing the 'mental relapse' one. Was related to poor diet and sleeping patterns. I know that if I drink one drink I'll be fucked going forward. This week has been easier because of this.
[removed]
Fantastic post. Thanks for this. Mental relapse tends to be what gets me.. the glamorizing of it and the self-deceit that I'll continue sobriety afterwards...as if we don't know how that tends to go. Thanks again for this! 
Great post - I could have used this six months ago but saving for future use now. Nothing like losing a year and a half because you don't understand how it's sneaking up on you! 
Wow this is exactly what happened when I gave in after 9 months a while back. I had started to fantasize about drinking watched shows that glamorized drinking and started thinking I could stop at this or that bar one day. I even thought about buying a 32 oz craft beer bottle and sneaking it at home like a kid. I didn't want to tell anyone or let them see me drunk. This planning went on for weeks. Eventually when a relative was in town I was like I think I'll have a beer. They were like are you sure? But didn't stop me. Then of course I had a second with dinner. And then the next time I went out with my mom I was like I might have a glass of wine. Eventually I was telling my friends I would be drinking very rarely because life was too short. You can probably guess that it wasn't long until I was back to drinking regularly. One of the most damaging parts was that lots of people said it was even more impressive that I could show discipline by moderating.... they seemed relieved. Only one friend a hard drinker himself said something like "if you're sure you can handle it..." and showed concern. .Anyway two years later and a few quit attempts later and I'm giving this another serious shot. Hopefully I'll be better prepared to recognize these warning signs this time around!
Very informative. Will need to keep this is mind going forward. 
I need to read this everyday.
