-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/576oji/email_to_husband_exactly_1_month_ago/

This is long but it really kick started support from my husband.  I am one month sober today. ..Right now I know I need to stop drinking. It's 2am and I wake up every night around this time as the wine wears off and I KNOW I need to stop. My liver hurts my stomach hurts my head hurts I'm sweaty and I'm embarrassed about what I did or said in front of the kids or you and usually I can't remember what I made for supper. ..But at 4pm I forget this feeling and by 5pm it all starts again (I have a million reasons why it's okay to get wasted pretty much every night). I think it's hard for you to understand why I can't just downgrade from "alcoholic" to "moderate drinker." I just can't. Neither could my grampa cousin or my mom. I KNOW I have to end this cycle for our kids. I don't know how. ..So I'm laying here crying hungover shaky and dehydrated like I am almost every night between 2 and 4 praying so hard for support and strength to be better. ..I do need you to help me by not drinking at home. And by taking me seriously. We need to get rid of the alcohol and I need to try again.  I need to be a better example for the kids. This is very important. I'm surprised that you haven't said anything earlier. You never call me out on the lies I tell when I need to pass out from drinking too much... When I say I'm going to bed at 6pm because  "I'm tired" or "full". I assume you're embarrassed for me. I'm embarrassed for me. ..Anyway I'm going to quit drinking again. Every time I try is a move in the right direction right? I'm trying not to feel guilty for failing my first few attempts at stopping this year. I think maybe I need help. I don't know what kind I don't know how much but I'm really struggling here. ..I figured an email might get your attention versus the words I'm constantly blabbing...I love you. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is very moving. I'm so proud of you for reaching out for sharing this and for your first month sober. I will not drink with you today no matter what.
Thank you!
Thank you for sharing this inspiring message...I can feel the love compassion the request for help the desire for improvement and much more...I'm voting that you're going to be Super Successful !!
That's a really moving email you wrote your husband. I believe it takes a great deal of courage to lay bare your weaknesses and your vulnerability to another person so openly. At the same time it shows a deep trust in that other person. Having someone like that in your life is a precious thing and I sincerely hope that I'm not reading my own good fortune into your email. ..Congratulations on coming such a long way on your journey without alcohol! I will not drink with you today.
Gosh did I write this a year or so ago? I'm glad you've found SD; the Daily Check-In special posts (Weekend Writing Vent-O-Matic etc.) and reading lots and lots of posts has been key to my process. Blessings on your journey.
What a wonderful message to  your husband. I hope he responded positively and that you and your family are having a better life in your sobriety.
I could have written this. Pretty much did and said all of this to my husband as well. I wish you the very best on your journey; having the most important person in my life (my hubby) supporting me has been absolutely crucial to my sobriety. Congrats on one month! Keep it up it keeps on getting better :)
Thanks for sharing this. 
Sounds like me awhile back. .You can do this. .I was where you are. .You can do this!.We're all here for you.
Thanks for sharing. This stuff takes courage 
Wow it's so easy to forget those horrible feelings that made us want to quit. So powerful. Thank you for sharing this and congratulations on your one month. So happy for you and your family &lt;3
Thank you so much for sharing that.  I still remember those nights between 2 and 4am.  Like they were yesterday.  
I totally could have written this. Being real and 100% honest with my husband has made all the difference for me. ..Congrats on one month!
I am so proud of you!!! I feel like you could have written that about me as well. Or the multiple times I woke up to chicken wing bones by my computer and pizza left out on the counter because "apparently I hadn't wanted to cook last night". Knowing my kids saw me that way when I didn't even remember ordering is heartbreaking. So I will not drink with you tonight!!
I just posted my own experience and we ar so similar we could be the same person. I would watch that clock until it hit 5 because then I can start! sometimes (a lot of the time) I didn't make it. I don't remember giving my kids dinner and I have absolutely popped awake (and pissed about it) and taken 'just a few swallows' to fall back asleep. Is it that you are compelled to be drunk or physically addicted? I absolutely felt a ring of sick burning pain under my sternum and around my back and a few drinks would numb that. If it's the physical think and fear of the DTs I'm on my second day of Librium and there are none. It only takes a week at the most two to free of the physical need! I feel amazing 2 days after my last drink. I have yet to actually get rid of the stupid box of wine but feeling this much better physically that poison holds no sway for me. Let us here support you this is a good place!
You can do it I can sense that the time is right.  Just take those baby steps...one day at a time.  
My ex-wife could have written this note but she never did
[removed]
Oh my god I love you.Thank you for saying this
[deleted]
Congrats on a month! That is HUGE. I am so happy that you have support that is critical.
Well done - honesty is everything!  I still blush when I talk to my son about posts on this site because I feel guilty about everything.  Although he can tell I'm trying my best and have been sober for 57 days I need to be more open.  Maybe I'm scared I'll fail I'm not sure.  Congratulations!
Yes this was me too. There IS hope. I found I needed both AA and Celebrate Recovery to stay sober and accountable during my first couple years. Congrats on 30 days!
Thank you. Ugh weekends agreed and very well written.  I will most certainly not drink with you tonight. 
I wrote a similar email to my husband.  He didn't get rid of the booze and couldn't understand why I couldn't get sober despite being in the medical field and doing a rotation on addiction at the time.  We are in the process of splitting for good...I'm glad you have a more supportive husband than I did.  It makes all the difference.
Thank you for sharing I can relate to much of what you shared. Those things I relate to are the exact same that I come back to whenever I want to drink. Congratulations on one month and on breaking the cycle! 
Such an amazing and honest post. I too can relate to everything you said. It really had a good hold of me too and I'm glad I don't have to deal with that insanity of rationalizing and trying to find places and events so I could justify drinking. So happy for you and that you are a part of our sober family. I will gladly not drink with you today! 
Thanks for sharing. I don't miss the 3 am sweats laying in bed one bit. 
Nice one - thank you. Worth saving. 
I was in the habit of drinking daily and while it doesn't sound like my problem is as severe as yours I struggled to stop -I won't even go into any anguished details because we all know why people want to quit drinking and its not cuz it's fun. I have been taking Kudzu pills and I have had great success using this natural substance to curtail drinking. Within one day I no longer had uncontrollable urges to drink cropping up every 10 minutes. I just didn't feel like drinking. I continue to use Kudzu - bought it on Amazon - and can't pass your heartbreaking post by without suggesting you try it. Please let me and others know if you try it and if it works for you. It's not a magical pill to cure alcoholism but it is a huge huge help. Namaste 
Thank you for posting this...What a great reminder of how things were (if you ever get tempted and need reminding). I'm happy for you that you've found the support you needed to quit too. It's so important. ..It took about 6 months for most of the physical &amp; mental changes to take place for me it's so much easier to just not drink these days and my life has improved greatly as a result. I'm sure you'll get there too given time...I will not drink with you today.
well done!!!!
I know too well how fleeting that resolve can be and how easy it is to talk myself into drinking again...Sometimes I even tell myself the guilt is worth it but that's a lie it never is..The happiness and pride from not drinking sure is though...I'm revisiting my reasons for not drinking and my plan for what to do when that demon starts whispering it's worth it that I'm doing better so it's ok to drink...In 30 days I want to celebrate your 60 and my 30...As a mom who uses to drink thank you for posting this. It's a wonderful reminder of why alcohol is in my past and does not have a seat at the table of my future.
Thanks for sharing this. Everyone here deserves a medal of honor for what they are doing. Fortune favors the brave!
Thanks for sharing this and congratulations on one month! I will not drink with you today either!
Wow this resonates with me so much. Thanks for sharing!
How have you been doing?  Have you quit for a month?  All of our best!
thank you for sharing this message and congratulations on a month. when i finally reached out to my husband for support -- more like fell into his arms -- and we made our home a safe place for me the real work began. 
This hit very close to home I can feel and understand the desperation in not knowing how to moderate or quit. I've been there and I've felt it. Thank you for sharing.
This is inspiring - thanks so much for sharing. ...I feel freaking proud of you. It takes guts and grit to to do this. For me just not having to face my demons alone is so helpful. To bring them out of the shadows and call them by name. It's so scary initially but I feel dark shadows give power to the demons. 
I can definitely relate to a lot of what you wrote.  The waking up feeling anxious and horrible and wondering what I was doing with my life and to my family and committing to not drinking that day only to rationalize/excuse away the commitment come that evening.  My wife didn't call me out for many years until she couldn't take it anymore and filed for divorce...Well it's been over two years since I had my last drink and my marriage family and my life has never been better.  I don't miss one thing about drinking and have absolutely no desire to ever have a drink again...Congrats on the month and thanks for sharing!
That is awesome.  ..Thank you for sharing it.
That is beautiful.
