-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5775ww/i_dont_understand/

As far back as anyone knows I have had NO addicts be it alcohol or otherwise in my family history. Mental illness yes. Addiction absolutely not. So why...Why am I struggling so much with not drinking. It always has to start somewhere I get that. I am terrified and humiliated that I may be the one who starts it. This is not the mark I want to leave...
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is an addictive substance. It does not discriminate between this family or that. Some families have more addicts in them than others. Is that genetic? Or are families with alcoholics likelier to have alcohol around for the young people to experiment with and become addicted to?..There is no shame in becoming addicted to a substance especially this alcohol which you can buy at the corner store and which is everywhere. The purpose of fear is to motivate behavior away from a damaging thing and towards beneficial things...I made serious mistakes when I was drinking. But I haven't finished leaving my mark...
I guess I had some notion in my head that when the time came it would be easy to beat-afterall I'm not genetically pre-disposed to drinking...Wrong. Alcohol I have learned is a taste that anyone can acquire...Anyone. It's the devil. I want it gone. 
I have heard something along the lines of "nature loads the gun and nurture(environment) pulls the trigger". But I wouldn't be surprised if there didn't need to be an underlying genetic basis. The whole issue is way more complex than that. It helped me to take a step back away from analyzing all the "why's" of my drinking and simply take steps to become a non-drinker. It was a more productive use of my energy. 
Addiction is quiet sometimes and for some they believe it to represent moral failings or absence of will (even though untrue) and for those reasons are ashamed...I believe it's unlikely that it's absent.  Possibly just covered up...The mark you leave is yet to be written.  It's an empty page awaiting your stroke of the pen...What do you want it to say?
Neither Dr. Barnard nor AA explain why it can take from 2 to 60 years to become an alcoholic. For me it took nearly 40 years. 
Addiction and mental illness in the family both predispose you unfortunately..
It seems like it can start off all fun and games and become a problem. Most people say they use it to drown problems. Isnt it the start of problems as well? So that would  make the individual the originator regardless of genes etc... ??? 
For me alcohol was my "solution" for mental illness. Self-medicating was effective and alcohol was my best friend...until it wasn't effective made everything worse and became my worst enemy.
