-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/578hnb/sorry_booze_my_schedules_all_filled_up_for_the/

When I drank it was usually 3-4 high ABV beers or 3/4-bottle of wine (maybe more) a night several nights a week. On the weekends more. Almost always while studying. Almost always after work whether it was a good day or bad. Almost always after going to the gym because I *earned* it. ..Looking back I don't even understand how I found the time to drink with everything else going on in my life right now. I'm a full-time grad student a full-time working professional I've got a weekly gym routine I'm going to therapy and I've also got a boyfriend + his social group who I typically hang out with 3-4 times a week. I'm also looking to add at least one weekly Refuge Recovery meeting to my routine and maybe even a weekly Friday recovery-focused meditation group as well. ..It amazes me that I was able to find time to do these things and "keep it together" while I was drinking. These days my schedule is usually packed from the minute I wake up until the minute I fall asleep. It's definitely stressful and I try to make sure I take time for myself when I can but my full schedule also helps me keep a forward momentum going. It's a constant reminder of why I *just. can't. drink.* It's a reminder of why I *won't* drink why I *don't want* to drink. There's too much in my life worth not drinking for there are too many things that would suffer if I did - my emotional and physical health my education that I've worked so hard for my professional life my relationship my personal growth. ..Even though I still struggle sometimes with being lonely or ruminating on past mistakes it's becoming more and more clear to me that my life is starting to fill up with so many wonderful things that would never be possible in the long-term with drinking added to the mix. ..So many people seem to think that drinking during grad school is some sort of requirement or that drinking at happy hour with coworkers is just part of the "young professional" life or that drinking with your SO is the best way to enhance your relationship. ..To all those things I say *nah no thanks I tried it your way - it never helped.* ..As the famous saying goes: ain't nobody got time for that! .. 
----------immediate responses--------

I like your spirit. My schedule is pretty clear except for working 40hrs a week. And I ain't got time for booze!!  Great post. Great spirit. Sober on.... :-)
Amen!..I definitely wasn't doing my best work while drinking. The idea that I was managing work/marriage/motherhood/friendships while drunk is laughable now. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Thanks for sharing this. I'm also dealing with feelings of loneliness and to hear how you sometimes feel lonely despite your much more active/social schedule than I currently have made me feel less lonely with you as strange as it sounds. It reminds me how loneliness is a state of mind and is so rooted to why I drank. But I won't allow it to be a reason. Just let the feeling pass until my brain thinks about something else. Not drinking with you today.
Thanks for sharing. I'm halfway through grad school now been drinking for the past year trying to make it normal again trying to act like everything is okay. And it's not. ..It's so hard to be in a room full of people every day and none of them really know me or understand me. I don't know how I'll find time for meetings but not going isn't working. At least there I can say what I'm really feeling. 
