-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5792ee/family_thinks_i_dont_need_to_stop_drinking/

In a nutshell: I'm 25 I have a steady job I excel at I'm going to college part time I'm kind of "The Golden Child" for my immediate family and a large part of my extended family I drink between a third and a half a bottle of whiskey a day I've been at this rate since I turned 21...I'm writing this hoping to get some opinions on where I am because I think my perspective is skewed. ..I drink daily and to excess I drink more on special events or weekends that call for it. I also keep my shit ram-rod straight. I have the best attendance at work I have the best performance metrics I'm up for another promotion. I struggle with my classes but I'm a B student...When i talk to my family about my drinking they all kind of give me this "But you're doing so well!" attitude and downplay it. When I talk to family that have gone through drinking problems I feel like we're not even talking about the same problem. They talk about multi-day benders and starting fights. I'm just doing my thing and also I can't stop drinking so much. In the last four years I've strung together two weeks of sobriety as my personal best. I've tried so many times to bring this under control but I can't. I'll make and break every promise about the amount or times I'll drink but I just keep drinking...I think I've got a problem but everyone I know is telling me I don't. ..I'm thinking of entering a rehab program and people are telling me I shouldn't it's too drastic. "You just need to step it back a little." Like I haven't fucking tried that...Where am I to you guys? ..
----------immediate responses--------

If you feel you have a problem you do. I was similar. People wouldn't have known I drank necessarily. It was very rare for me to be 'drunk' in public. But I was slowly eroding inside. I choose sobriety. 
I disregarded the well-meaning advice of some of my family members. They thought I was ok as I was they even mentioned I was dong ok at work they suggested I just cut down. That was well-meaning but ultimately uninformed and dangerous advice to give me - if I could sustain moderate drinking I'd be doing that already...My drinking was costing me too much and putting my health at great risk. So I ignored their advice and got sober for me...The proof of the pudding has come in the eating - once they saw me get sustained sober time it's quite clear that I am on top of things properly at last I am happier healthier.  I even finally completed my degree which I had given up on before!..For me stopping drinking is the only way I get to free myself from the prison that was my alcohol addiction.  was steadily drinking myself to death and whilst I did try concealing it from my family it still amazes me that they gave me such a pass on my alcohol abuse. Ultimately it's my decision not theirs and they did get more supportive over time once they saw I took this change seriously.
One of the rules of the sub that is mentioned a lot is to always speak from the 'I' and your own experience so It would be breaking that rule to give you an opinion on where you're at. ..I felt I had a problem for many years but a lot of my close friends and family drink a lot so I think it was in their interests of masking their own issues with it to have me drinking just as much or more beside them. ..My wife doesnt want to turn around and call me an alcoholic she always said I would 'do the right thing one day' and that I 'know what i'm doing' which I guess means curb it or stop it at some point. But she never outright told me to. I had to come to that conclusion by myself. ..It still took me a long time to act on my thoughts and actually stop. Its also taken a few goes at it but now I feel I've accepted it is a problem for me...This is tricky to reply to without breaking the I rule but I found I had to make the decision regardless of the opinions of others. In the end only I knew how it was impacting my life and outlook on the world and how I felt about it..and it wasnt good that was a problem so I've chosen to change that aspect of my life.
I built a business that employs 50 people and had a family while drinking increasing amounts over many of those years. I did this in spite of the alcohol with mounting misery and depression. I sometimes imagine what I might have accomplished and what kind of person (spouse parent leader) I might have been without alcohol. ..I didn't have much family support given marital problems and a drinking spouse. Had to decide that I needed to change the state I was in. Nobody could do it for me or tell me to do it. I engaged an alcohol/addiction counselor which was helpful in me figuring out where I was and what to do next. 
[removed]
I learned long ago anything Im really serious about doing I keep to myself. Peoples opinions somtimes get in the way. Its good to have someone to discuss things with but I choose carefully who. Plus it drains my energy hearing too many opinions.  Support like SD is the best. This group supports each others already made up minds so to speak.  . .
I think for a long time I used the opinion of others (saying I was fine just cut back) as sort of a validation that I didn't have a problem. Thankfully their opinions had less and less weight as I came to recognize addiction and how it was affecting my health. Friends and family do not want to hear that I have a problem so I can't always trust that they're being honest or that they've truly analyzed my behavior. I don't tell them everything. I try to protect them and they in turn defend me. ..In the end I put their words aside and focused on me and what I felt. I'm getting sober for me first. 
It doesn't matter what others think of my issues if I understand them...I'm not responsible for others' opinions.  I'm not following *my* path when I'm on someone else's road...I also know that people around me especially family only want the best for me (usually) only want to *believe* the best about me (usually) and there are nasty little selfish reasons for that...Here's a couple of scenarios with my mother speaking to her best friend:.."Hello Rachel I just wanted to tell you Prevenient_Grace has just graduated from the medical university.  I'm so excited about this upward path."..**OR**.."Hello Rachel I just wanted to tell you that Prevenient_Grace has just entered rehab for Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD).  I'm so excited about this upward path!"..Which conversation do you think my Mom would want to have?..Denial is rampant in families for so many reasons!..Do the best for yourself.  Everyone will be even more proud with the results!
I did two graduate degrees had a demanding career bought multiple houses etc all while drinking too much. I had it together for many years (to outsiders anyways) until the crushing weight of having to keep it all together became too much and I was becoming seriously depressed - and had fears that my house of cards was about to come tumbling down.  I quit my job got a therapist and started to take this thing seriously - I wish I'd done it a lot sooner. 
I admitted to my family that I had a problem eight years ago and they still don't really accept it. A lot of them have their own issues with alcohol that they won't own up to. My mom is a still drinking alcoholic and it's created a situation where everyone tries to normalize it and pretend it's not a problem because she either can't or won't do anything about it. It's had the effect of making everyone really uncomfortable if I bring up my sobriety and the lack of support from them has caused me to be very resentful and driven a wedge between myself and the family. I've had lots of slips and relapses in eight years I've had two solid two year periods as well. They don't understand and it's difficult but I knew I had a problem. I was in a similar situation drinking about half a fifth to a full fifth a night while holding down my shit. It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks or says I know I have to be sober if I want to keep living. The amount I can drink scares me and I've had family members die young from alcoholism. If you think you have a problem there is nothing wrong with getting help. Your family might come around and they might not but in the end it's your life and nobody else has to understand it. 
