-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/579iqj/early_morning_run_was_a_bit_special/

...But not for any particular reason. It was just beautiful. ..I woke up at 7am clearer than I've been in so long. I filled out my diary for the day whilst in bed then clambered out to get my gear on for a jog. It's getting cold now the autumn is kicking in so I doubled up my t-shirts and set out. ..There was a fine mist over the road opposite the school where my daughter goes. I ran past that and off into the woodland over the next street. I'm so lucky to live near a large forest just minutes from our home. ..There wasn't a soul around. ..Just the birds the trees and the mist lifting as the sun came up. The whole place looked like something from a fairy-tale. Little rabbits running around spiderwebs on the trees with dew hanging off. I even saw a wild pony which I'd heard were in the park but most folk never see them. I shit you not it was awesome. ..As a grown middle aged dude I can honestly say I've not felt that close to crying in quite some time. ..To be able to enjoy something as simple as running in the woods in the early morning and then seeing the forest that way for the first time in years...it's everything I thought I'd lost. It was like being a kid again. ..It hit me hard. ..Alcohol took away my ability to enjoy anything else. It took away my natural childlike joy at observing the world around me. ..That numb feeling you get when you quit that which screams 'but how will you be happy again without a drink!' - It's all utter lies. It's the drink in its death-throws desperate to claw you back in. Desperate to make you think there's nothing else. ..After a few relapses this year I know I can't go back now. That sunshine this morning showed me something I thought I'd never see again. So simple so natural. It happens every morning and I've missed it for 20 years. ..Thankyou all for being here and listening. It's important to me that I get this out in writing!..Much love and happy Autumn/Fall!..
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome gratitude and you were experiencing something else that just hits me randomly in sobriety and it took awhile for me to recognize it: ..Happiness.
You got lineage to work for. The rest of us have taxes and death. 
[removed]
Hooray for natural childlike joy! Who knew we had it in us all along??! (I forgot...)
Nailed it Silvo absolutely fucking nailed it!..I won't drink with you today.
Way to go. A little gratitude humility and some exercise are key pieces of realizing what a huge load of lies alcohol really is. Congratulations on your journey my friend!
Like you up &amp; out at 7am....its so nice no one around I ran along the sea front bloody awesome....hahaha yep my legs are killing me to! ..Alcohol takes away everything!..Keep up the good work.
I love mornings. Grats to you. I will not drink with you tonight
Also up and running at 7! It is gorgeous. I live right across from NYC so I get the sun rising between the buildings partially blocked by the Empire state building the buildings dark against the brilliant roses and golds of the sun rise.   ...Here's to rediscovering what it's like to be in awe. :)
This is just wonderful to read - it really lifted me thank you for sharing
Welcome back to life and the light! He onto this memory and these thoughts. They could be useful when the desperate lies of alcohol begin to be appealing.
what a WOW moment! This is awesome thank you for sharing!
This post hit me hard.  This is exactly what I want in life.  I want to live in the moment and just be.  OP you might enjoy Be Here Now by Ram Dass.  Thanks for the inspiration! 
&gt;It happens every morning and I've missed it for 20 years...Welcome back. ..Time and tide wait for no man but today you kept pace...Let's not drink today..
Wow you hit just about everything! So happy to read stories like these. You're one of the reasons SD is a great place to be...I will not drink with you today!
Great reading your post to start my morning. I hit that numbness road block yesterday night when all of my friends were drinking that "what's the point?" feeling setting in. I pushed through because I want a moment like this. Thank you so much for sharing.
Beautiful! I ran a 10k a few weeks ago in a beautiful protected park and it felt like heaven on earth. It was cool and a bit rainy.  I can totally relate!
  
Love this! I am a runner too and those early morning runs in early sobriety last time were so so magical. Like every single one was full with so much meaning. Pay attention to them sounds like you journal-- that's a great way to remember those mornings. I half wish I weren't laid off right now with two kids or I'd be doing the early morning thing with you and the birds. Love it!!
Awesome post Silvo. I'm so glad you are back! I really loved this part - .."That numb feeling you get when you quit that which screams 'but how will you be happy again without a drink!' - It's all utter lies. It's the drink in its death-throws desperate to claw you back in. Desperate to make you think there's nothing else."
That made me tear up!  I too missed that childlike joy of enjoying and appreciating nature and the simple things.  Alcohol deadens our senses and we convince ourselves that's what we want.  You are free and never have to feel numb again!
Awesome
This is life as it was intended to be! Thanks for reminding me of this :)
"it was like being a kid again"..yes!! 
Your post *did* make *me* cry.  Beautiful! I won't drink with you today so we can recognize and celebrate the beauty of the world together separately.
Hey that's awesome! I won't drink with you today.
Beautiful post. I know that overwhelming feeling of gratitude. I am lucky to live at one of the prettiest beaches in the world. I walk everyday to the ocean and I am awestruck how beautiful life is now without the burden of alcohol.  
Yes Happy Fall! You just inspired me to go for a jog tomorrow morning :)
Yes.  Try that with a nasty hangover.
I love this! Thanks for sharing.
Thank you. I needed to read this tonight. 
This was awesome to read and made me tear up! I woke up in a great mood and am about to go out for my own run (sans any woodlands sadly)...Thanks for sharing! :)
Yessss.  I went hiking for the first time in years this week (honestly I would be terrified to go hiking hungover as I always used to be) and it was such a good experience.  The weather is so nice.  Kudos to you for getting out there and enjoying it.
I have moments like this all the time now.  Yesterday the moon seemed bigger than normal during our run. It was breathtaking and the cooler fall temps are making the runs even better! We are done running before the sun rises now but on my way to work the sunrises have been vacation-like. You know the kind of sunrises you see only while on vacation. I'm seeing them now on a regular 'ol day!   
