-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/579yro/back_here_after_6_months_struggling_with_the_term/

I had a badge here that had 2 months in it 6 months ago. If anyone can offer a word of advice or whatever has worked for you I'd love to hear it...For the past 2 years I've been thinking that I really should quit alcohol all together. Even though I didn't drink everyday every time I drank quite hard and always had a hangover...Last year I noticed that I'm actually having a hard time to say no to alcohol. We had a huge amount of beer & wine at our home (leftover from a friend's wedding) I found myself thinking of drinking every night. I wanted to control so I only drank on weekends...At some point I realized that I actually would like to stop drinking altogether but it was really hard since I loved being in that stupor not having to think about anything just being drunk and not caring. I started getting really hammered so that I would remember my "last time" as something really horrible. But then a few nights later I found myself really craving to drink so I drank 12 beers to make drinking appear as something horrible on my mind...My 2015 and 2016 until May was a struggle of sober periods (1 month 2 weeks 3 weeks 2 months). In May I wanted to try out moderating and I felt it worked. I wasn't getting hammered just had 1 or 2 or 3. But gradually it has gotten worse and my drinking habits now are basically the same they were before. I moved into a new country and started studying in a music school and these things bring me a lot stress which in itself is not helping with the not drinking part...I would love to quit alcohol... I have a lot of fears about quitting: not feeling normal again not being able to party like I used to not being able to have a glass of wine. Now I know others really don't care if I don't drink it's just that I feel left out...If anyone has any advice on how to deal with the feeling left out thingy can I feel like a normal person in this society without drinking I'd love to hear. I really want to stop doing this to myself. I want to respect myself enough to not do this anymore..
----------immediate responses--------

When I was drinking I thought most people did the same. The fact is most folks don't abuse alcohol. Millions have a full happy life without alcohol. I learned about the disease of alcoholism the book *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam especially helpful. It gave me understanding and acceptance and I realized that I am a good person with a bad disease. ..If you want to stop there is lots of help. I got a therapist who guided me to rehab where I learned about myself and found hope. Outpatient ongoing therapy and involvement in AA taught me coping skills and gave me tools to lead a happy sober life. I made sober friends and didn't feel left out because I no long hung out with anyone who abused alcohol. Alcoholism went into remission which does not happen so easily with other deadly diseases...I'm glad you're here. Thanks for the post. 
I find that after my first time committing to sobriety over a decade that I feel more normal than most around me. I see someone who I know is suffering just by looking at them. I was in their shoes just weeks ago. Then I cringe at how many recovered alcoholics I had probably been drunk around during perma-binge...I am finding myself using oddball things to make it easier to focus on working through my cycle of trigger purchase drink. Breaking eye contact and talking whilst staring at inanimate objects is one of many strange things that I do. I figure something like that is less embarassing than being the drunk I was...I won't drink with ya. .
&gt; I have a lot of fears about quitting:.... not being able to have a glass of wine. ..Are you able to do this now? When was the last time you had *a* glass of wine?..I think a lot of this stuff just comes along as you go. I don't feel abnormal at all. Not drinking at all sounds a lot more normal to me than somebody who is pounding 12+ beers a night in an attempt to convince themselves to drink less...I sometimes feel left out but I also felt like that sometimes while I was drinking. Everybody feels left out sometimes. And returning to drinking again is just so *not* worth being included in whatever it is I am romanticizing being 'left out' of...You don't have to figure everything out on day 1 stuff just comes. :) 
Alcohol is addictive. The more u drink the more addicted you get and the more you need to drink to feel the rush. The only normal i knew for 10 years was the buzzed foggy alcohol induced normal. Im adjusting to the new normal the healthy normal the sober normal. Hang in there! U are amazing  
Interesting indeed...I had no problem admitting I am an alcoholic.  I don't ever look at not drinking again either although it is my goal. As far as drinking alcohol I just don't drink today.  I can't afford to pay for the first drink. The price is far to much for me....See for me that one drink will cost me my life as I know it today.   I can't afford that....I already traded everything I had so I could drink before.  My family my home my job myself.  The price is to steep to do it today....Best of luck to you today on not taking the first drink.
[deleted]
&gt;I really should quit alcohol all together..."Just for today" is a popular saying for a reason.  I often would freak out at the prospect of quitting FOREEEVVVER!!!...The panic of losing my security blanket of drunkeness would drive me to keep drinking.  Giving up the wicked comfort that is booze is hard don't give up.  Find out why you need that security blanket in the first place and it will help you get rid of it.
I don't drink...I am by no means normal between my esoteric hobbies and the fact that I make most of my living writing I'm a bit odd by any stretch of the imagination...Yet by any reasonable measure of the word I'm successful although perhaps I got started a couple years late on the whole career thing. "Well-adjusted" has been used to describe me by folks who don't have any idea that I used to stave off withdrawals with cologne and mouthwash...Here's a simple truth: no one who doesn't have a drinking problem  of their own gives two tugs of a dead dog's cock if you drink or not. ..I've had a couple of drunks make snide remarks(I relapsed for a month in May otherwise I've been sober since Febuary of 2015) and instead of letting it slide I got on them about it because I'm still an asshole who likes to weaponize the truth. Still me just not drunk...Normal isn't even a thing. Seriously. ..I've met cartel enforcers who were more well adjusted and level than soccer moms. Met tweakers who'd give you their last hit of dope just because you were nice to them and church goers still in their Sunday best who'd as soon spit on you as stop to help you when you have a flat...It's not about being normal. ..You're an alcoholic. You want to drink? Go ahead. ..You don't? That's probably for the better do your best not to and you have a tough road ahead of you but it'll be worth it...Or maybe it won't be quitting is the hard part if you don't feel your life is improving then it'll always be sitting there for you to pick up again. Pretty simple...But don't try to moderate on the assumption that it will make your normal. Our heads are tricksy things always looking to steal our precious. Or lives. Whatever same thing...I mean I had to go out and do research a whole shit ton of times just to make sure it wasn't getting any better. A lot of us do. I'd venture to say most of us have and frankly I don't trust those who didn't fully...It's scary sometimes and weird others and it opens a whole new world but frankly the only penalty for failure is go back to what you were doing after giving your liver a break...Give it a shot you might like it. Normal is an illusion so don't let that crap hold you back.
