-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57aq2v/making_a_change_for_life/

Hi! I've always been the kind of person who fell into the "I drink when it's a bad day." Up until recently it had never been a problem. I fell into a severe and deep depression about a year ago so it turned out that every day was a bad day. I wasn't getting out of bed until I had deemed it a bad day (not getting out of bed obviously should have been my big clue I could expect it to be) and then I would drive to the store and buy wine. And because it was a really bad depression - it resulted in me wanting a lot of drinks...Of course I knew it wasn't healthy but I was struggling to shower every few days so it seemed like something I just couldn't tackle. But I made it my goal this summer to pull myself out of the depths. However as I was getting better I didn't stop the habit of drinking. ..It struck me that all of my friends would immediately say to me: we need to get together for booze. It's been an overwhelming week...I started wondering: I don't want to drink but it seems to be a go to for a long day or a hard day. I thought everyone was drinking and I would be so isolated. But I went about 4 days without drinking last week and felt so much better. I was accomplishing things. I didn't feel so frustrated with people. I felt like a human being...But then a friend said: it's Friday. What a long week! Let's drink...And I did. It felt awful. My body hurt for two days. ..Then I opened my ears. I started picking up on other people who weren't drinking all around me. I began to do some research and that's when I found this place...I tiptoed around here for several days. Then discovered myself every morning coming here first thing. ..I guess what I want to say is: thank you for not drinking with me. I will not be drinking with all of you too.
----------immediate responses--------

I will gladly not drink with you today!
I'm happy to not drink with you today.
Glad you are here. I won't drink with you today!
My drinking problem started with depression. Now I'm struggling with both. Drinking makes me depressed and being depressed leads me to drink. FML. Not drinking today
