-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57d9ik/cant_stop_failing/

Hello everyone. I'm new to posting here but have been reading a lot of posts from others and I want to try to quit drinking again. I've been drinking heavily almost every day since the age of 21. I'm 29 now. I've tried quitting numerous times in different ways but something always breaks me down and I end up drinking again. I don't know what to do and honestly it's driving me crazy which drives me to want to drink even more just to numb that...I recently proposed to my girlfriend (she said yes :D) and there have been a few talks about starting a family together. All of this is wonderful for us but I don't want my alcoholism to cause any problems for our future. It has caused some problems in the past nothing horrible but definitely relationship tension. I have terrible self-esteem so when I drink I feel better about myself. Back to back beers because I keep feeling better and better until I finally get tired and have to lay down. I can barely bring myself to leave our house if I haven't had at least a couple beers. I work from home currently and it's part of my morning routine: Wake up brew coffee do work (which can range from anywhere between 20 minutes to several hours depending on the day's workload) and then start cracking the beers. By 2pm I'm needing a nap and when I wake up from that nap I'm very sick to my stomach and usually have to vomit. Because I took that nap I can't get myself tired enough to go to sleep so I drink some more before then. Wake up sick to my stomach every morning but I keep repeating it. Most of the time beer is the only thing that wants to actually stay in my stomach. Even water of any temperature comes right back up. I'm stuck in the "drink some more to get rid of the previous aftermath" problem and I'm having a lot of difficulty breaking that...My girlfriend recently landed a job so she's gone from 8:30am-4:30pm Mondays through Fridays so now I have a ton of alone time during the day. I've noticed that my mind seems to venture into thoughts that depress me anger me or even scare me and that feeds into why I drink too. I need to figure out a hobby or something. I'm so happy for her that she has this job which is a pretty great job but it sucks to be alone at home all day...I get things done around the house of course but after I get them done I feel like I just bench-pressed a car for an hour. I'm exhausted and sometimes beer is a bit of an "energy drink" for me so I end up going straight for them. How wrong could I have been? Gives me 15 minutes of energy followed by hours of feeling dead inside...I love my fiancee more than the world and I want to be the best person possible for her but I'm stuck and I feel like I can't dig my way out. I keep telling myself "Okay.. Today you're gonna do this right. You're not going to have a single beer until at least evening time. You're going to change your daily routine into something more productive but also more distracting" and I always fail at it. Alcohol brain keeps prodding me until I finally give it what it wants and I can never stick at just 1 or 2 beers.... Once I have the first one it's all back to back until I fall asleep. My fiancee is fully supportive of me trying to quit but understands how difficult it is and told me that she'll do anything she can to help me. I feel like I've let her down in so many ways just because of alcohol. She says that I haven't but I just can't believe it.....I lost my grandfather a few years ago and he was like a second dad to me. My parents had to work all day long so I spent a lot of time with my grandparents. He was basically the most important person in my life my rock my everything and when I watched him pass away in front of me in Hospice my drinking got 10 times worse. I've managed to cut it back down from drinking nearly a 30 pack a day to around maybe 12-15 a day but that's still way too much. My grandma is still around and I spend a lot of time with her but it's still very painful for both of us... because our little trio is now just a duo. ..I just want to get better but I have so many days where I feel like it never will.....Alcohol: So easy to start abusing so difficult to get rid of...I wish nothing but the greatest for all of you struggling with alcoholism as well as those who are close to someone who is struggling. ..I waited to post this so I wouldn't be in violation of the rule "post when 100% sober."
----------immediate responses--------

I'm wishing you all the strength and hope in the world.
Thank you for this heartfelt honest post. I couldn't stop drinking without lots of help. I was honest with a doctor about my use and received medication to detox safely and more easily. I got a therapist went to rehab followed by outpatient and involvement in AA. These resources gave me the tools needed to build the sober happy life which I now have. ..It sounds like a medical evaluation would be wise and that you need more support if you want to get well. I hope you find the help you need and deserve. It's there if you want it. 
I drank heavily for my entire adult life and when I was really really ready to quit I lucked into Allen Carr's book "The Easy Way to Control Alcohol" which enabled me to see clearly and quit...All my best!
You can do it.
Wow all this reminds me of me. The vicious cycle. Replacing the bad habit with a healthy one is key. There IS a happier life waiting for you I guarantee it. Best wishes!
Sounds like a great step in the right direction. Checking SD frequently and reading post like your helps me stay reminded of the love and freedom available to me when I say no to drinking. Best of luck my friend.
[removed]
I'm usually able to make it about 3 weeks on my own before my i drink again. i could really relate to what you said about your mind wandering to really negative thoughts. my mind seems to revel in horrible thoughts. i had to reset my badge yesterday because i let those thoughts get the best of me. you can do it.
I feel you! ..I was the same way as you in some ways. I didn't think I could get through the day or do my little chores or sleep or feel good without alcohol...But what I found out is that: alcohol was making all those things more difficult than they had to be! ...I got to a meeting everyday for 90 days and didn't drink in between. ..You can do it! Lots of people have and there's hope. I've heard stories of people worse off than you and I who've pulled themselves out of the abyss and you can too!..You're young. There's time for you to reverse the negative health effects now. And you'll have something so valuable: the rest of your life man!..Getting to a meeting was the first step for me. ..Good luck ..Edit: formatting 
Are you seeing anyone to help with the grief? It sounds like you went through something awful I've been in a similar situation and it affects me daily even now.
Thank you for the post and I'm wishing you all the strength in the world! Remember that unfortuately people do get sick and tired of our drinking. I almost lost my fiancee the most important thing in the world to me because of my drinking and it was the scariest thing I have ever lived through. It helps me to be 100% honest and accountable to my partner and the people in my life. As others suggested I would try to read as much as you possibly can on addiction and recovery. You can never have too many tools in the toolkit! All the best. 
Thank you for sharing so honestly. You are in good company here. I have found this sub to be so helpful and supportive. I can relate I used to work from home freelancing and that was when my drinking/smoking got really bad. Then my long term relationship ended (no coincidence) and the substance use got to its absolute worst. It took me another few years before I even thought about quitting and about a thousand quit attempts (ranging from less than a day to 9 months) up to my current quit which I'm hoping will be my last. I draw comfort from the idea that each time I'm learning something that will help me. Gathering tools for my sobriety toolbox. Anyway I am sending hope and support your way! Sobriety is hard but endlessly rewarding.
Got it. I understand why now and I will keep that in mind.
Oh yeah I'm at work now and my biz has grown 300% since I quit maybe more. ..I always thought I was at the top of my game but when I took the blinders off I realized that I was just rationalizing and there was a lot more room for me to grow 
