-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57h1me/relapse_central/

URGH i dont know what to do i'm on the verge of relapsing - i quit drinking on 25th July and since then i have:..Got a new job since my job was making me unhappy.Paid of debts and turned my credit around.Lost 14lbs and hit target weight..But at the moment i am office bound whilst i see out my last month in old job around people talking about friday drinking and really struggling over the concept of the christmas period.  My new boss has sent me a list of all the nights out we have planned in december and current boss is saying about goodbye drinks etc yet here i am like 'im not drinking at the moment' - trying to see out a year to see how much it benefits.  I know full well i am where i am now because of my choice to go sober.  My sister was doing it too but is now back to drinking each night.  ..My house is a mess and partner said he was going to make us dinner and create a bit of romance but i feel irritable since it i cant relax or feel romantic - ive told him not to because i know i wont feel grateful and dont want him to waste his effort on a grumpy irritable cow...I feel very rebellious against myself today - bad case of the fuckits - its my imposed rule why cant i pop open a bottle to celebrate - why do i have to sit miserable around the festivities its not like im that bad - drinking isnt the norm now i dont feel id ever go back to weekday drinking surely i can just have one night here and there on my terms?  ..I dont know what to do but i feel really annoyed and havent felt settled in about a week.  I saw a post about relapse stages and can honestly say ive hit all of them so far.  This is the closest ive been and i almost dont want to write this because i dont want to hear that i shouldnt...I dont know what to do!  I know i miss some of the 'good days' drinking right now but not where it leads long term...Help me...or not so i dont have to listen...Edit: thank you for posting I haven't drunk although I've spent the best part of an evening being manipulative and trying to corner my partner into okaying us getting drunk together he hasn't fallen for it so spent the rest of the evening being hateful towards him for not making it justifiable.  I'm a misery to be around today.  I've made the decision not to worry about the rest of the year and just to concentrate on getting to 90 days and worry about drinking after that.  I don't know why that feels better? But it should get me past the leaving do at least.  ..Can't emphasise enough how much I appreciate each of your responses even though I have secretly resented you for not saying what I wanted to hear (go on have a drink it won't hurt).  You is good people...
----------immediate responses--------

I try to play the tape forward. For me one will lead to two...Which would lead me right back to where I was...And I was miserable...I also try to remember why I stopped drinking in the first place...What made you stop?
I said fuck it yesterday and relapsed . Almost lost my job and my girlfriend . More wreckage to clean up. Just say no to it . Drinking will not be worth it  I can promise you that.
I know you said you don't want to hear this but....I had two years sober. I couldn't believe I would ever be a daily drinker again. And yet here I am. Haven't passed fuckin' day 5 in the last two months I have actively been trying to stop. .I know the feelings you are talking about. Really. I used to call it my inner two year old. But I wish I hadn't given in to it....The reality for me is that I can't have everything else in my life if I drink. That's my choice: my life great job loving family friends health OR drinking. I can run and travel and discover new interests OR I can drink. .I don't know how your choices break down but when I write it down it becomes pretty clear for me..Thanks for sharing. I really relate.
I remind myself that remembering the old days as the "good" old days is just my brain trying to trick me and that I'm much better off now in basically every way. I was never a "normal" drinker then and I know that I could never be a normal drinker if I ever decided to go at it again. ..Keep fighting the good fight. You can do this.
Agree...play the tape out. Tomorrow you will regret it. Assuming you stop there. If it were me tonight would lead to a bigger fuckit. It's the weekend I can relax and drink. Trashed by midday. Still drinking into Sunday and Sunday night. Trying to count the hours I can still drink abd sober up. But I've had soo much alcohol in me that it's days to sober up not hours. And then it's starting a job on Monday. Showing up still drunk maybe shaky looking and smelling like shit. Making that really great impression on my new boss. Maybe losing that job not having my old one to go back to. Yeah maybe make an appearance for 10 minutes then go to the bathroom code for high tail it out of there. Go home and cry on your SO's shoulder if he's willing. If not get onto SD or go to a meeting. Play out the tape...
Just want to say that I'm very impressed with your 80 days. Definitely an accomplishment to be proud of. Not to mention everything else you've achieved recently. ..Sorry you're having a tough time right now!
