-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57ku6a/tuesday_i_hit_20_years_sober_im_33/

Tuesday I hit 20 years sober. I'm also 33 years old. If you ever feel like yo are too young to get sober you most certainly are not. I mainly want to put this out there because you don't see a lot of young people get and stay sober. My sponsor always told me to announce anniversaries for other people and not yourself. If anyone out here is struggling and thinks they're too young you are not!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Amazing     Great job and congrats
I'm a tad confused.
Were you an addict at the age of 13? Was it a person close to you? Might you expound on your story a bit?
OUTSTANDING !! ..You're an Inspiration!
Excellent! Thank you for sharing this.
the other day a friend told me he first got treatment at age 13..congrats
Congrats on 20 years. I will not drink with you tonight.
Congratulations on your 20 years. I would love to hear more. 
Thank you for this! I also got sober at 13 and I am now 29 after years of sobriety I started to feel like a freak show because people in the rooms are usually baffled that someone can get sober and stay sober that young. I've heard a million times that it was just a "phase" and "are you sure you're an alcoholic". I have been all over the country meeting young sober people and in 16 years I have only met 3 other people who have gotten sober at 13 and stayed sober. Thanks for posting. It's so nice to know I'm not alone! 
I met a longtimer with 40+years who states after 10 or so serious 'drunks' that he had enough empirical evidence that he was an alcoholic an should most definitely have stopped yet he continued on for years. So did I. If only I could've figured it out then but I can't change my past and won't dwell there long. Good on you! :)
I will share the rest of my story once I have more time to sit and type. Writing isn't my strong suit. I hope this reaches some people that may be struggling. 
I'd love to hear this story. Just because I was so against drugs and alcohol at 13 because I saw what it did to people. When I started college at an early age of 17 that's when I started pot and ecstacy. I didn't actually start drinking until 19.
[removed]
Inspirational thanks
Congrats!!..Early in my sobriety I was envious of the young people in recovery (I got sober when I was 32).  And then I realized that things had to be really crappy for them to drink/use so young and have things be bad enough that they'd get sober so young!
happy 20 years that's awesome
I wish I would have been smart enough to go down your path.  I took my first drink at the ripe young age of 12.  By 14 I was a full blown alcoholic.  Battled it all through high school and what should have been my college years.  It got worse and I got involved with using pills to help with the drinking because drinking wasn't enough.  I didn't sober up till I was 27 and now I'm 10 years sober.  I totally believe someone can be 13 and needing to quit.   My father is a heavy drinker and my grandfather had all kind of addiction issues.  
I'm 15 so I can confirm you are never too young to quit
Way to go. One of my best friends got sober at 16 and he's 46 now. He's a big support and inspiration to me in my journey as I'm sure you are to others. Thanks for sharing!
I started drinking at 12 and was smoking pot everyday by 13. I did my first rehab at 17. They had an adult ward and an adolescent ward but I was turning 18 in a month so they put me in the adult ward. We had some interaction with the adolescents and if we thought some of the adults were messed up they were pale in comparison to some of the kids. By the time I was 13 my addiction behavior was fully locked and loaded so yes I believe one can be an addict at a young age. Congrats on 20 years! 
Hellz to the yes!..Congratulations and thank you for sharing. ...I pushed on through my drinking and drugging until I was 33.  However by my 13th birthday I was well into alcoholism as well as drug addiction. ..Lots of people are shocked to find out little kids can be wrapped up in the throng of the disease but it is really common.   ...Anyway once again thanks and congrats. 
I admire you I never knew or was in denial that I had a problem until I was probably 26 and it took me almost a decade later to start fighting. I might be in a whole other place in life if I would have gotten a handle on it then. But I can't go back there and putting that down does me no good so I am going to squash that thought and congratulate you. 
That's awesome! Congratulations on that amazing milestone you're an inspiration to us all. Thank you for sharing this with us.
[removed]
Good work bro!  I'm 48 and have 32 yrs +/-  Got sober at 16.
Great post!!!! It can be difficult being sober young but it's SOOOOO worth it. /u/efields83 is my best friend and we have done some amazing things together! **SOBER!!!** I couldn't imagine him and I not sober together. One day at a time we will be! Love you brother!  
