-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57ltwn/60_days_without_longest_stretch_since_2009_and/

I cant believe it! I really want to keep going for the rest of my life. But now i am really wondering what the fascination with alcohol is..Why do so many people struggle with it?.Why is it associated with great times when it causes pain and heartbreak?.Why is it forced down our throats at every turn? ..The whole alcohol phenomena is totally ridiculous when you logically break it down. ..I just want to stay on my path of being clean!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 60 days Whata_day!  These past 236 days is the longest stretch sober for me since 2004 and the second longest since 1989.  I'll celebrate today in your and my honor by not drinking alcohol!
&gt;Why do so many people struggle with it?..It is a very addictive drug about ten percent of people will have problems with it...&gt;Why is it associated with great times when it causes pain and heartbreak?..Alcohol advertising budgets are enormous. Campaigns to normalise drinking and keep it associated with all activities are relentless. Product placement is in all popular media to keep it in our subconcious...&gt;Why is it forced down our throats at every turn? ..It really isn't. I had to accept and understand that drinking is always a choice. I do not have to drink because friends or family choose to do so...&gt;The whole alcohol phenomena is totally ridiculous when you logically break it down. ..You are absolutely right! ..&gt;I just want to stay on my path of being clean!..You can do this! Keep up the great work. I am not drinking with you today.
Congrats! Whatever it takes 
If we're going to logically break it down the starting point is emotions....BTW nice work getting to 60 days... 
Way to go on 60 days! I'm on my longest stretch in eons as well. I can relate to the absurdity of the 'alcohol everywhere'. . .
Congratulations on 60 days!..I think that alcohol just isn't a very friendly drug.  In my very unscientific estimation it 'works' for about half the people about 20% just aren't interested and the remaining 30% have adverse reactions...Contrast that with caffeine: I'd say it's just as heavily advertised but it disrupts very few lives.  It doesn't lead to a dangerous binge culture.  Many people enjoy its effects which are predictable from person to person.  ..
Congrats! I'm going to stay on this path right beside you :).
