-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57m15z/have_a_drink_with_me/

I declined and she said "Are you ever going to have a drink again?"..I mumbled something or other and decided to go to bed instead...It's not like I even wanted a drink last night that wasn't the struggle. I think it's the wanting to do something with the spouse we're coming up on our 15th anniversary I'd like for us to enjoy doing things together. It's just ... I don't know I'd rather have joined her in whatever she was into at the moment I can be a go-along-to-get-along kind of guy when I need to. I really kind of wish it just wasn't drinking...We used to have that I would have joined her in a drink we'd have maybe had some fun...That's kind of what she does and pretty much what we did. Whatever it was drinking was fairly central to it...And she knows I'm not drinking. And I have taken a year off before. Forever is too big I'm not saying that I'm never drinking again even though I would like that to be true. So it's not like she doesn't know what I'm trying to do but then on the other hand I haven't come out and said "I'm never drinking again." So maybe to her any random day could be the day I want to have a drink with her again...So I think I'm caught between taking it one day at a time and making it clear to people in my life (I'm thinking of upcoming family/holiday events especially) that I'm not drinking...Know what I'm saying?
----------immediate responses--------

I do. A lot of this sub is focused around quitting drinking forever and for always. Personally I just want more discipline in moderation. For me is okay to drink. I just outline a set of times to follow. 3xweek no more than 3 on weekdays etc...Not drinking will hurt your social life and relationships. At this point you and the wife need to talk about it. She needs to understand and be okay with you not drinking. Unfortunately being married makes is more difficult because it's no longer just one person making decisions. ..If you are serious about not drinking maybe drink non-alcoholic beverages with her. Or try to be sober together. Or maybe you compromise and drink 1 day a week with her. I can't say what's best for you because you and her need to figure it out together...Best of luck :)
I think I do know what you're saying...My partner still drinks (we've been together from more than 12 years). Many of our activities involved drinking -- not necessarily as the central event but as a "complement" to whatever we were doing. He doesn't abuse alcohol however and he still imbibes...He supports me in my journey (and in fact if I asked him to not keep alcohol in the house he would be fine with that) but I don't think he realized how serious the situation was until I laid it out for him. I felt very liberated when I finally told him "Yeah I don't think I'll ever drink again." I felt this great veil lift from between us. For us my firmness my honesty has just been easier. One less thing for us to negotiate. (And saying it out loud to my partner made it real for me.) I don't leave HIM wondering know what I mean? And now he can truly be my ally which I know is what he wants to be.
Man - talk about the rock and a hard place.  How is it for you when she's drinking?  Why do you think it matters to her that you do?  Sorry if these questions are too invasive - just trying to rap my mind around it.
