-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57mnzk/little_miss_not_today_rounds_the_big_6/

I can hardly believe it! :) 6 months ago I sat on our bed and dully told my boyfriend I had nothing to bring to our relationship except student debt and alcoholism.   ..I've been a binge drinker for ages. I've always thought of it as just something I'll always have to struggle with the way some women struggle with their weight. I'd take a month off drinking here and there and while I always acknowledged how much better I felt I never made the logical leap that if one month felt good two months would feel great. I never gave quitting serious thought. I was just a binger it was just something I had to work on. That's all.   I realized sitting on our bed that morning what garbage that is. A person HAS TO eat or they'll die. So yes a binge eater will have to always work on that. But is alcohol REALLY on the same scale as far as necessity goes? Of course not. And it was self indulgent childish bullshit to think it was. ..I'm still not sure what I want long term. Nothing today. Nothing tomorrow. Nothing else matters. I went for a run today and chanted "6 months you can do it. 6 months you can do it. 6 months you've seen worse..." as the stitch set into my side with its little rat teeth.   ..I feel like I've burned away little by little the unnecessary and burdensome baggage. I'm a rocket shedding it's thrusters and shooting for the stars. I don't know where I'm going but I know where I'm not going back to.  ..I don't have any progress pics. I didn't change overmuch and ditched my hungover/drunk pics long ago. But have two songs that encompass who Not Today is especially today. Rock on everyone.  Here's to 6 more. ..[Weapon For Saturday](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7o3jir7J_Kw)  ..[A Better Son/Daughter](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=B0sy7y54XAE)
----------immediate responses--------

Six months is a huge achievement. Congratulations!
Congrats on 6 months sober! I never really considered a life without alcohol it was quite unthinkable until I set off and tried being sober for a while. I've stuck with it and I'm very pleased to discover how unnecessary alcohol is! I'm definitely not going back alcohol and all the negative consequences it had for me this way I'm free :)
Congrats!
W00T! Good job!
YAY you!!!
Congratulations!!
Awesome and powerful post!!!  Thank you and congrats!!!
HELLS YEAH!!!
This rocks congrats! 
Woohoooo!! Conga Rats!
Congrats!
Total 180. Congratulations. 
Good job
Awesome! Well done. As time goes on it gets easier and easier. You are doing a wonderful thing for your future. Best wishes
Six months!!! Beautiful!!! Congratulations I'm so happy for you :).
That's awesome! Congratulations! I'm really glad to see you're still here and going strong I remember you posting about telling your boyfriend that day. You're doing great keep doing what you're doing because it's working. Happy Saturday!
