-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57op7i/day_two_struggling_hard/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Taking a walk is a great idea. I know my lizard brain will come up with any reason that I need to drink but it's all lies. The voice that is telling you that alcohol won't help is the voice that is telling you the truth. Hang in there.
I can relate to so much here!.This isn't my first sober rodeo but I sure want it to be the one that lasts..Sleep difficulties can be so hard but you are closer now to restful sleep than you were two days ago..Try to remember the short-term payoff of sleep now will be going through this sleepless period again later..Also alcohol sleep is usually pretty crappy..You're one day closer to resetting how your body functions without alcohol..Even if tonight is restless tomorrow will be guilt-free when it comes to anxiety and shame from drinking...This does get easier hang in there and a week from now let's both look back on how different we feel and how much improvement we've made...We get better our best selves are yet to come.
I'm having similar problems with sleep and anxiety. Nights are difficult but I just keep imagining the morning. Even last night I got 4 hours of sleep but I feel better than I would have if I had drank.. I'm not drinking with you tonight and also about to embark on trip number 4 of walking around the block to clear my head.
When I got like that I would eat a big stupid meal and take a nap (or go to sleep). The food coma helped me sleep and when I woke up (refreshed because I wasn't hung over) I felt better. It helped me get through tough times.
I was feeling down in the dumps a few weeks ago for my misspent youth and my wife said something really encouraging that I'd like to share with you. .."It's amazing that you *survived at all* you were really sick."..Don't beat yourself up. You survived. 
I'm on day two as well. I am super anxious and quite cranky. I keep telling myself that this is a necessary step to getting healthy. It means my body and mind are trying their best to get better and they have to be uncomfortable for a bit. Really hoping you have a good night. I'll be staying sober with you. 
Sometimes you just gotta ride it out sleepless like a Navy Seal or something... yeah the insomnia is no fun. It is actually quite exhausting. But it gets better. In time. Once you kick the withdrawals you feel more rested from a couple hours of full sleep than a nights drunken sleep. Stay strong &amp; persevere!
I'm on day two as well. Hang in there man. We can not drink together.
