-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57p80b/broke_up_with_boyfriend_while_blackout_drunk/

Hi folks..I was active in this community near the first of the year when I got almost 90 days under my belt. Since then I have moderated very successfully but as you might expect it didn't last and yesterday proved to be a sure indication that alcohol is a destructive manipulative substance...I got drunk and in blackout called my boyfriend of five years to tell him it was over. I don't remember the conversation except for a few small moments of clarity. It lasted over 45 minutes and I remember maybe 3 minutes of it. ..My SO and I have had some problems lately certainly but I had no intention of quitting the relationship. In fact I had planned to have a productive conversation with him over the weekend to address some of my concerns. We communicate very well and I am usually pretty good at bringing things up. ..This time I had let some things stew for longer than I should have but I had no idea I would be calling him with this revelation. Today he won't return my calls and he is so hurt that he wants to give it some time to heal. In five years we have never had a fight or issue that warranted time apart. I managed to destroy my relationship in a total blackout. I love this man dearly and though we have had some struggles I can't imagine a life without him...It is looking like a very real possibility that I might lose him...And though we might have had an argument I never would have broken up with him if I were sober. ..Back to day 1. I think this is what people call rock bottom. What a devastating wake up call.  ..I am very glad to be back in this community. Thank you for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I agree that alcohol is very cunning in that it gives me the illusion of control for a while then slowly drags me back down a dark hole.  Scary addiction for sure.
I was a black out drunk for a while and it just kept getting worse. Waking up and not knowing what happened the day or night before brought an element of fear into my life that just kept building. Like people who get DUI's aren't drunk driving for the first time by the time black outs become a problem its probably been happening a while. Take care of yourself I won't drink with you today.
I'm sorry to hear about that but thank you for sharing I can definitely relate to your story :( I'm on day 8 of this round of quitting. I always get back into drinking by thinking I can moderate myself. But then I end up going crazy and hurting someone I love... I honestly wasn't even sure I had a real problem. But this group and this round of quitting has really helped me realize it is a problem and I can't moderate it it has to be 0 drinks.....Thanks to everyone on here it really helps to read other stories.
Drink lots of fluids take a warm bath if you can. Breathe extra deep and remember this too shall pass. Every day is a new day to start stringing better days together. You recognize your desire to leave the emotional bondage that is alcohol. You can do this. Your 90 days already proved it. This is a great way to start a new life. Just 1 day. Today. I will gladly not drink with you today. You are not alone. I've been there so many times. So many of us have. And we're learning. When you know better you can do better. Please be kind to yourself in the process. 
Welcome back! I'm recently back from a similar experiment myself. One day at a time you can get it back together and face the future with a clear head.
The realization that alcohol was destroying my relationship (and really my whole life) was what made me quit too. I hope your relationship works out but either way you are so so much better off being sober. ..Sending internet hugs your way i&lt;  ..That was supposed to be a stick person reaching out arms to hug. I tried!
I quit for much the same reason. I hope things work out for you. *Internet hug*
I'm so sorry. The shame and guilt I feel from drinking haunts me everyday. What eases it just a tiny bit is knowing I'm making changes to hopefully prevent it happening again. Been there and it sucks :(
This strikes so close to home. Five months ago my 5.5 year relationship ended because of my drinking. I'd only drink once every couple of months but the cumulative anxiety for her finally became too much to bear. Like you the only amount of alcohol I can handle is zero. I'm very sorry this happened to you. The best thing that can come of this is a reason for you to quit completely. 
Funny thing about rock bottom. It feels like one of the worst moments of your life  but it is quite often  the defining factor in people's  lives. Lessons are learned from hitting rock bottom I can attest to it but you have one decision to make. Allow this  to just be some shitty point in your life that you'll  always regret or you can allow it to completely transform your life for the better. That decision is up to you don't let this much needed lesson be wasted.
Good luck with your man - that must be such a difficult thing to deal with. I hope you are able to stop drinking too - if that's your desire. Horrible things happen during blackouts.
Definitely *not* rock bottom you've got a very long ways to go before that happens but you've got this. You'll pull through you've just gotta use this to your advantage and as a motivator. 
Rock bottom can be a gift. It's different for everyone but thankfully pries your eyes open. Keep staying sober a day at a time. Sane sober actions will heal what happened. Sending good thoughts and not drinking with you tonight. 
I'm so sorry to hear about the problems you're having right now. If your SO isn't answering your calls might writing him a letter be an alternative?..And welcome back! It's great you chose to come here again!
I'm right there with you and I am so scared of what is to come since my rock bottom day on 9/16/16 after which I drank again for a couple of days. That's how stupid I am. The Husband has just had it he says. We've been together 35 years. I cannot imagine life without my man either. I have no interest in growing older without him. So much of my identity is tied up with his. Why did I have to relapse? Why did I let myself fall so far? I mean I tried to hit him with a car 15 years ago completely sober and he didn't threaten to leave me. Wtf? Why now? 
I think many of us can relate I certainly recall that sickening feeling when I woke up after blackout to see that I had near destroyed my relationship (we live together and the house was empty).  It aches to the pit of your empty stomach and heart and feels so utterly confusing and beyond control.  Be as kind as you can to yourself today cups of tea hot bath - you have recognised it for what it is and are taking action no one could ask more from you. 
So sorry to hear about your story. But good on you for coming back. ..Only thing I would say is make sure you are quitting for you. I've tried to quit during my divorce and my reasons were not clear to me. I ended up falling back. I'm trying my best to keep it in check but I know I can't keep this up for long and will have to stop altogether but my reasons would be clear this time and that I need to quit for me and me alone. Not to get someone back or because everybody keeps saying I'm out of control and need to look after myself. ..If I don't love myself enough to want to stop then no other reason will be good enough to stay sober permanently. ..Work on yourself and learn to love yourself and that is the only way that has worked for me when I was sober for 8 years. ..Self loathing and hate is what brought me back. ..We all do mistakes. Forgive yourself and remember to tell yourself that you are worth fighting for and that you need to do this for you and no one else. ..Good luck stranger. Good luck to everyone. Myself included. 
Yeah beer sure tries to get you back. I will not drink with you tonight
Have you talked with him about your issues with drinking?
Alcohol gives me control for long enough to build a tall tower to jump off of. I'm sorry your day one is starting off so crummy but the good news is that you only need one day one. I'm sober three years on the 19th and I couldn't have done it without this sub and AA. 
Although I became a blackout drunk and my monster would come out the last time of being so mean to one of the people I love was my rock bottom and why I have 120 days. So I will say it's certainly not fun I don't regret experiencing it because I'm not sure where I would be without having that experience. I will not drink with you today. 
They say "moment of clarity" more like moment of just being sick and tired of being sick and tired.  My moment came when divorce papers got served up. ..Try to break the cycle.  Be kind to your body and take care of yourself.  Seek out a 7pm AA meeting if your up for it. I found AA very helpful on the front end to break the cycle and meet others struggling from the same thing.  Most of them we're in much rougher shape than me and really provided me a nice picture of what I could hope to accomplish on the current path.  They were compassionate and didn't judge.  It's basically a safe place.  
Rock bottom is when you decide to stop digging. For me I hit rock bottom 3 times before realizing I can't moderate...Welcome back :)
