-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57qjwh/366th_day_reflection_from_some_experiences/

Dear SD folks..Today I marked my first year of sober life and started the second year. I don't know if it is a common experience for the people who reach the fist year that I wanted to drink. But I didn't I won't...I want to share about how I managed it. First of all I didn't count until I saw the post here. I am  a follower of this group for a couple of months.  Counting the sober days I think will lead to getting stuck in the struggle. ..First days of the last attempt. .I tried many times and relapsed eventually. But these relapses built muscles to try again and to take it longer. Last year I come to the a point when I wrote a distinguished professor some insulting emails without any reason although I was offered a position. With the guilt of this I wanted not to continue to the same situations. On the other hand I was accepted for a new job which was highly challenging so much so that I hadn't any experience on it. The first days were not difficult because of that I relapsed last time after 30 days under belt and I binged during 10 days...After regaining my strength I broke my previous record again and exceeded 30 days. My depression also relapsed and post withdrawals started to show themselves. I live in Japan and there is no such option for me AA or any other support. I am living alone as well. ..I found out that these withdrawals (not physical)  were not manageable unless I stop fighting them. I acquired mindfulness skills by watching mindfulness videos on youtube the topic is abundant. I also tried to learn vipassana meditation. Everytime my mind start to struggle and talking start I accepted them by focusing on what I am doing and my breath. If I weren't aware that my mind is chattering I would let myself to flow what was calling me into. During this time I focused on my project that I was assigned to and although I couldn't grab the topics clearly I insisted on focusing. I was knowing that if I even one moment let my mind leave what ever it was engaged it would run through to the alcohol and previous bad experience and life style...Music;.I never listened what I was listening before..Dating .I quit from this habit it was challenging I couldn't bear the other people's emotional burden I kept myself away from emotional triggers...Money.Quite amazing I was in a big debth and last time my second wife left me I had to pay consolidation money ordered by court. I paid all which is a big deal. ..Health.Except visiting chronic depression which I can handle. However anxiety almost completely gone...Social Anxiety.I was not able to make presentation without beta blockers now I am talking and presenting whenever necessary..Creativity.Yes sometimes mind doesn't work but it worth to wait. These periods are always temporary at least I can pursue a complex topic for months. Previously my attention span was 10 mins...Human relationship.Whatever you do during the sobriety and may be this applies for healthy person keep away from toxic people that can take you down. I made healthy relationships a few is enough...Reactions.Do not react but act principles is nice instead of blindly reaction catch yourself and observe. ..Blames.Do not blame anything anyone on contrary to the conventional illness theory I take this responsibility. It is my choice to drink or not to drink. Take positive attitude towards the results. I managed to accept everything was my responsibility...These were my strategies to manage not to drink. to those who just started I wanted to tell my story. I tried every conceivable way to quit. It is not possible unless you learn how exactly the mechanism work. ..I wish you the same for you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. It is very insightful. I really like:..&gt;I take this responsibility. It is my choice to drink or not to drink. Take positive attitude towards the results. I managed to accept everything was my responsibility...and this:..&gt;I made healthy relationships a few is enough...They are keys as to how it works for me.
Congrats on year one! Getting sober was the best decision I ever made I am glad it is working for you too.
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Thank you for sharing your experience. I wish you continued success and growth.
So glad you took the time to post.  Great observations and accomplishment.  Take a bow good sir.  : )  I hope to return the favor to the group when I hit the one year mark...
