-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57stml/barely_made_70_days/

These days are extremely challenging to not relapse and I came SO close last night but thankfully I thought of all the advice from here aa personal relapse experience etc so I bought some Ice Cream and a Lime Perrier and put on some netflix.  This is definitely the longest and most intense craving I have had yet.  Fuck this disease.  I'm getting so sick of the daily battle against it and it is wearing me down thin.  I don't know if I can go on existing like this.  I don't know if I can make it through this life.  I'm so ready to just give up and not worry about existence anymore.  Today is a dark day.
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today.  Please try to hang tough.  We are all with you.  You said it right: "F THIS DISEASE."  Take care.
I'm very sorry for how you feel right now. Please know that you aren't alone. Not drinking with you today. 
I will fight the good fight with you today. 
Hello mate sorry you're having a tough time. 70 days is a massive achievement and it sounds like you're feeling like you're in the eye of the storm right now as it were. Hold fast mate. Those days sneak up on me too and take me out unawares it is a fucker for sure. I try not to think of life in absolute terms any more- I don't think about living like this "forever" or anything like that. I've realised I'll do my head in trying to predict the future. There's good days and there's bad days and I know from experience the bad days don't last. I don't know your personal story and I know we're all different. I got over the habit of using alcohol to deal with my problems by trying to address the things causing my problems in the first place. You've probably heard all this before and it's easy for someone else to say eh. But don't give up on it mate not yet. You're still fighting and it's only natural and part of the process that you'll feel the weight of your battle more some days.  Hang in there mate and keep us posted we're all bumbling along with you.   
70 days..Wow you are stronger than you are giving yourself credit for. I know this fight isn't easy but carry on my friend. Alcohol is your enemy and you already know there is nothing good for you at the bottom of that bottle. You are in my prayers. 
