-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57sx18/sharing_a_bit_to_help_to_pay_it_forward_46f/

I've read through many of the posts herein for a while years I think.  Many brought comfort.  Some made me cry (so much pain that people suffer!).  But I never found the strength to quit drinking alcohol for good until very recently and I wanted so very much to share in the hopes that my small story could help someone else.  (Throw away account for privacy but I don't ever really post anyway.)..Been drinking alcohol regularly for over 30 years.  Of late my tolerance had increased and I was up to at least 1.5 bottles of wine many sometimes most nights a week.  So many groggy-foggy days after.  So many promises to myself to cut back moderate take a break.  All promises broken in a day (sometimes the same day!) or so...I've never done anything really awful while drunk--just stupid regretful and embarrassing things. But I never hit that "rock-bottom".  I was just so unhappy with this cycle and was beginning to feel quite desperate.  I feel like a weak person and was filled with so much shame--I couldn't talk with my friends about my alcohol struggles and it was hard to discuss it with my own husband as he couldn't understand why I just didn't cut back my consumption.  (The answer was of course I didn't cut back because I couldn't cut back.)  Life felt like something I was looking at through a window; I just didn't feel authentically connected and it ate me up inside...It was here that I found someone (thank you kind person!) recommending the free pdf link (in the sidebar) to Annie Grace's The Naked Mind.  Although recently I had begun to consider going to AA meetings I thought I'd give this book a shot first...What an eye-opener and how refreshing her messages were for me!  This theory that our conscious and unconscious selves are literally at war with one another--as in I know I want this cycle to stop but there is such a strong and deeply entrenched internal script to continue...  Her words just really sunk in and by the middle of the book I had resolved to stop drinking alcohol for good a decision that earlier even the consideration of would have filled me with dread and anxiety.  How would I have fun?  How would my relationships change?  What sort of person would I be?  Why even bother living a life without alcohol?..The reality is that now without alcohol I can truly be the most authentic version of myself.  Without the haze and numbness alcohol always dealt out I can be 100% in every moment and I'm so much happier.  My head is clear I feel real confidence and I look forward to the future!  I can set personal goals without worrying about the toll I know that alcohol would take--all that energy spent and lost in constant internal negotiation and days lost to hangovers...  No more!  No more...I never thought I could say the above words.  But here I am saying them living them.  And I thank you all for what you've shared.  From the bottom of my heart I wish you all well.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing..My pattern had become to have a bottle..sometimes more..of wine way too many nights each week and I too wanted to break that cycle yet felt desperate to do so.  The last few weeks I started having more success. Things started clicking and I sought more help through SMART lectures and principles online.  I was still failing but failing differently. A more lasting change was taking root instead of just failing..wash..repeat...I read and read all I can here. It helps me to see that all of our stories are so similar. I am not alone. Like me others while finding happiness and achievement in not drinking find that internal script so hard to shut off some days.  We are really in this together...Hope you have a wonderful week ahead!
I will not drink with you tonight 
I have almost exactly the same story except 47m.  And even that's close.  And you know what else is similar? I will also not drink today with you!  
