-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57wr4v/i_made_it/

Did not drink today. Day 10..Edit - Well I teared up a bit when I saw how many people commented and supported this post!  holy cow! ..Thank you guys so much!..You know... I didn't post much in the past 3 days... I was so busy with family and other chores and I didn't have TIME to spend reading the forums much.  I felt worried that if I didn't spend more time here I'd relapse.  But I didn't.  ..I made a plan... took my time and executed it.  Yesterday passed and nothing bad happened.  ..I was nervous and anxious and grumpy some of the time.  Heck I even broke my $1200 laptop while fixing the hinge!  holy crap that's disappointing.  But these things happen.  I prevailed!  ..You guys surprise me though... honestly... who'd have thought I could use an online forum to achieve 10 days sobriety!  /hugs ..Thank you so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  The first week was the hardest for me by far. I have so much trouble getting started. 
Double Digits! And tomorrow a lovely *Prime Palindrome*!..The rarest kind!
Awesomeness!!
Congratulations!!  Those first ten days can seem near impossible.
Yay!
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you that you got through yesterday and the rest of the last 10 days. Great job!
Awesome! 
Congrats on 10. I will not drink with you tonight 
Well done on double figures! :)
Great job! 
Great dob I made it through my first 2 weeks
It will only get easier! Xoxo
Congrats!!
[removed]
Awesome!!
It's crazy.  I have a little over a month and I feel like an old hand at sobriety.  Keep up the good work.   I find that not drinking takes up less of my thought process as time goes by.  . 
Be proud that's an amazing accomplishment! 
congrats! 
Good job!
Awesome!.
Well done! 
woot!
Awesome! Day 3 for me
Congratulations and good job! I know what you mean when I first joined this sub I was very skeptical that I'd be able to stay sober but to my surprise it works for me way better than anything else I've tried. I get really busy sometimes but every time I come back to check in I'm welcomed with open arms and nobody gets upset that I've been gone or anything like that and it makes me love it here that much more. I'm glad you're here and are doing well. Peace and good vibes.
