-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57yhpf/guys_im_really_struggling_today/

I'm 16 days in and so far it hasn't been that particularly rough but today I've been suffering anxiety attacks. I woke up several times due to some lucid dreams that caused me to wake up angry and sweating. I've been shaking all day. This is all because my ex wife has been living at my home since June due to a DUI. She hasn't paid a single bill. Gone all weekend without telling me and leaving me to tend to her dog. She has money to have fun apparently but can't help me at all. I know i need to sever ties ive had the concersation thousands of times in my head but cant man up to tell her to leave. The bigger of my issues my mom left her house Thursday and hasn't said where she is. She's not in a good state mentally or physically and is scheduled for surgery tomorrow. I'm at witts end. I'm craving a drink or 12 so bad right now. I'm sure this doesn't belong here but I don't know what to do than to ask for support or guidance to stay sober today.
----------immediate responses--------

Step 1.  Do not drink..Step 2.  kick out the ex you don't need her causing you problems.  Call the police if she refuses to leave.  If you're strong enough to not pick up the bottle when you crave it this bad....you're strong enough to correct your other current problems too!  
Woah so much going on for you. So sorry to hear it all-- in reading them though not a one of them would be improved by handling while ALSO drunk and/or hungover. As wise folks say: there's no problem so bad drinking won't make it worse!..And this is EXACTLY where this belongs. We got your back. Sending you strength from afar..
Glad you posted.  Dealing with crap like this can be daunting.  It helps me when I focus on what is going on right at that moment.  No 'what if's?' and no worrying about tomorrow.  Just worry about right now.  If I have to take it from "I am not drinking today" to "I am not drinking this hour" I'll do it.  But the most important thing I can do for myself is to stay sober.  Everything else will fall into place.  
This is exactly where you need to be.  I have nothing to offer on what sounds like a rough set of circumstances but having come this far I'd hate to see either of us go back to square 1.  So in addition to acknowledging what a crapioca pudding you're in - I will not drink with you today.  Hang in there mate.
Just wanted to check in and see how you were doing today.  
