-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57yrzi/my_sponsor_relapsed/

So I just hit the 9 month mark. Yay me! During the same time my sponsor told me he'd been doing crystal meth for the past month. He was to celebrate 10 years sober this month. This is really hitting me hard and I'm unsure how to process it. Now he's withdrawn and I am sure embarrassed as well. I am having trouble approaching him for a dinner invite or coffee like old times. Should I give him space or should I be reaching out to him? I get the impression he just wants to be left alone most of the time but I'm not sure that's a good thing for him right now..I just want to fix people and when I can't I drive myself bat shit!!  
----------immediate responses--------

maybe you should be his sponsor now 
That sounds like a really tough place to be. I think you're right to acknowledge that you can't just fix your sponsor even though you'd really like to do so. If that happened to me I would go to a meeting I would share about my sponsor and after the meeting I would ask someone with a lot of time in the program what they would do. I don't have much time in the program so I wouldn't feel comfortable...Good on you for hitting 9 months! Your sobriety is a newborn baby!
Congrats on the 9 months! Awesome.  I learned a lot from my first (temporary) sponsor although I don't think he was intentionally trying to teach me some of the things I learned.  Your friend is probably going through a world of hurt right now.  I'd be there for him but set clear boundaries as well especially if he's still using. As always this is a time to learn and grow.  New sponsorship is something I would embrace.  
[removed]
Congrats on 9 months.  If it were me I would let him know I'm available and would like to spend time with him if he wants.  I would get a new sponsor asap.  I would make sure that I'm putting my sobriety first. 
[removed]
Well this is something that bothers me a little bit about the way some of us value time. And talk about "having" so many days or "losing" our sobriety date. Good lord this isn't a competition or a purity test. We're all doing our best. ..Your sponsor is a human being who is in pain. He is the same person as before. He has not "fallen from grace." There is nothing wrong with reaching out to him as one human to another and seeing if there is anything you can do to help.
I feel for you that's definitely a tough situation. While I haven't had a sponsor relapse I have had a couple of friends relapse. What I need to remember is that when I was out there drinking the only thing that worked was when people calmly told me that when I was ready to ask for help they would be there for me. Whenever people tried to pull me into recovery it made me push back because I just wasn't ready. ..It's tough but I think you understand that all you can do for him is simply make it known that you're available when he needs help. Beyond that there's not much you can do. This makes me think of the expanded version of the serenity prayer:..Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change (other people places and things).The courage to change the things I can (myself).And the wisdom to know the difference
When he is up for talking it might be informative to find out why he relapsed after 10 years. What triggered it? I have relapsed a number of times after sometimes significant time sober and the reasons were useful to me for heading off relapse dangers in the future. 
