-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57ywx1/sobriety_gains/

Hi /r/stopdrinking.  ..I wanted to take a moment and put up a post that I'm considering putting up in /r/progresspics (I was encouraged to do so after a post last week).  Basically  I was a daily drinker from the age of 18 until I was 36 nearly two decades.  Lets face it I was a full blown active alcoholic.  There were days that I did not drink anything but they were rare and if I did drink once I started I had little control or impulse to stop.  ..I spent my 20s and early-mid 30s in bars or drinking alone at home.  During this time I got married and now have two young children.  Since I have stopped drinking and am active in recovery my marriage has improved beyond my wildest dreams and my relationship with my kids is unbelievable. A complete 180.  I no longer lose my temper easily I'm not frustrated by little things and I lead a much more 'goal' oriented life  focused completely on quality...Aside from getting my mind right my first project was myself.  Not only was I drinking and not working out I was smoking nearly a pack a day.  Every time I tried to quit smoking a drink always led me back.  I was at a point where I almost considered anything that involved a personality or habit change 'too hard'. While I hate cardio I do love to lift heavy weights. Especially while listening to something that is motivating or allows me to channel aggression.  There is something about being under a bar that weighs as much as you do and pushing it around... makes me feel a bit manly and the progress is measurable...I went into a 28 day rehab facility in November of 2015.  Thank god. Failed attempt after failed attempt to quit drinking led me there.  It has nearly been a year and I haven't touched a drop since.  When I went in my stats were:..Male 36 6'2 177 lbs and about 22% body fat (Skinny Fat!).Today I'm 37 still 6'2 but I am 220 lbs and about 12% body fat...[Here are some pictures for the proof](http://imgur.com/a/BrftS)..If you're struggling or wondering if things will improve after stopping drinking they most definitely will. There isn't a single thing in my life that will improve if I get drunk. My bills are not going to be magically paid my problems will not go away my relationships will not improve and I will not outrun my own thoughts by pouring alcohol on them...Edit: Whoops!!! I did not realize I've been lurking so long I need to reset my pin! The last day I had a drink was Nov 9 2015.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm a female but looking to undo the awful effects the last 7 months of drinking too much have done to my weight. I'm looking forward to losing weight feeling better overall and no longer having post-drinking guilt...Congrats on all of your improvements!
Congratulations on almost a year of sobriety dude!
[removed]
Awesome! I'm finding peace and purpose in the weight room as well.  Hooray for sobriety gains!
The gun show is in town I see. (I couldn't resist. Nice gains!)
HELLO
&gt;There isn't a single thing in my life that will improve if I get drunk...I feel like I should print this out and hang it everywhere in my house. It's such a good thing to remember - nothing will be better if I have a drink. Thank you for your story! Amazing progress. :) 
my man!!! congrats on the life and muscle gains. i noticed the fleur de lis tattoo t tu un quebecois?
Excellent job. It's amazing how much your body can change once you stop putting poison into it.
"still 6'2" :)..you look great! congrats on all the gains!.I like skinny but you look happier and healthy.
