-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/57z6ox/does_anyone_else_struggle_with_a_sense_of_ennui/

I've run into another drinking trigger. Oh joy. ..I'm not bored in the sense that I don't have enough to do. I'm bored because nothing in my life is shiny or exciting. It's the same dull routine. I've been in the same relationship for two years and the passion has faded. I've been in the same job for 1.5 years and I find myself stagnating doing the same menial tasks over and over and not growing or learning anything. ..But I'm not sure the answer is new job + new relationship. I feel like I cycle through this every few years. I have ADHD so I constantly crave the high of instant gratification and something new. I grow bored quickly of sameness. If something takes a lot of effort to be good I drop it and look for something that's good without all the work. My job and my partner are imperfect but actually both pretty good. I've definitely had it a lot worse! But it takes effort to continue to enjoy these things and to maintain their quality. ..Last winter I was gripped by this dissatisfaction HARD. Adulting felt like one long boring chore. I missed the days of clubbing and flirting with lots of sexy strangers. Being in a longterm relationship felt suffocating. Working 60 hours a week was draining. It seemed like my life was all work and no play. ..Alcohol was something I could instantly enjoy without having to work at it. It was always new and exciting every time. It helped me escape all the mundane qualities of life. It felt like I could have fun again even if I was just dancing alone in my apartment. The warm fuzzy feeling of being drunk was fun in itself! I could forget my dissatisfaction with life and also my indecision about how to deal with said dissatisfaction. ..I probably have to deal with some of this in therapy :) But I wonder if other drinkers & ex-drinkers deal with this feeling? If so how do you get through it sober without quitting everything to go join a rock band and a fetish club? Haha. ..How do I enjoy "normal" life without chasing that next high? 
----------immediate responses--------

I definitely know these feelings.  Thanks for this post..."Adulting"....is a brand new word for me..... :)..I really had to learn how to find that high in other more healthy ways.  I am certainly not perfect in this regard.   Anyway hope you find what you need.
I struggle with this feeling too. I have continued to smoke weed daily to continue getting this feeling but it isn't working anymore and now I am bored with doing that. And then there is the fact that I'm not 100% sober. I'm not drinking alcohol but I am still trying to escape the mundane feelings. I feel like such a fucking square when I don't have "something naughty" for lack of a better term. I am interested in people's responses to your post!
Hi - I'm new here and only on my second sober day but I connect with this very strongly. ..I always thought of it as my "addictive personality" shining through. I get bored antsy.. that's when I'm the most dangerous to myself. ..I'm still figuring all of this out but I also agree with the "something naughty" that was brought up above. It's like - I feel the NEED to have a secret or a little crutch. I know my husband hates it. I do it with other things as well - not just alcohol. I'm just sneaky for the rush. ..I have no answer to your question but sure am interested in hearing others. 
I feel you. I'm early into my sobriety but I've definitely felt this way too. However recently I went to one of my favorite blues clubs and jammed out while drinking club soda and lime! It was so funny to see and hear the obviously drunk people who were there dancing like morons and yelling inappropriately. That would have been me and I would have been thinking I was soooo cool. Alcohol lies. And while I am a regular bike rider I recently signed up for a gym membership. Going to work on getting buff lol so that's something new. I also went to the library (!!) and checked out some cool books to enjoy at home and I loaded some fun little games on my phone to play. Yes I loved drinking at home alone. I would play all my favorite music dance around Facebook like a fiend and generally enjoy myself until I passed out and woke up feeling like shit. That's not fun. Alcohol lies. And yes alcohol helped me ignore my troubles but it also made them worse because I wasn't really dealing with the problems. Lately I've been enjoying things more. There are ups and downs of course but that's life. The commercials we watch convince us that life should be one big thrilling adventure at all times. Ha! Sometimes life is just quietly raking leaves while a soup bubbles on the stove and the dogs keep bringing you their balls to throw endlessly. My dogs teach me some valuable lessons about sleeping relaxing and enjoying the little things in life. Be at peace. I will not drink with you today.
I made a plan and I'm going to follow it.  Hear me out...I know you don't know me but the username didn't used to be so ironic.  I was a toxic asshole and got off on being a toxic asshole so I laughed at things like self-improvement because I hated myself.  I spent all of my energy on trying to manage my addiction so real life got to be 'exciting'. "Will u/gregnegative throw up at work today?  Will he black out at a company function?  Will he make it home?  Tune in later to find out!"  ..When I got sober it turned out that my life was more manageable than I knew it could be so I got bored.  Initially I was occupied by 'adulting' things but I could get those under control.  I'm old so I've done the checklist things (career family house) but obviously though I liked what I had I needed more or something different.  So I found a blog post about self-improvement about making a path and I started to stick to it...The general idea is not that I found 'the path' because what works for me wouldn't work for you.  The general idea is that if you set goals you must grow to achieve them and that will get you out of a sense of complacency.  I found that growing to achieve them was more fun than actually achieving them.  That sounds corny as shit but remember my name is u/gregnegative and that didn't used to be ironic at all.  I grew out of it and I couldn't be happier.  If you have a goal you won't get to be complacent or bored.  That said joining a rock band at a fetish club does sound kind of rad.
Quit everything and join a fetish rock band club. Polite society is way over rated. Go out and do something crazy/life altering/worth doing before you die...I'm a bunch farther down the "settled" road than you with a kid in high school. I can't #$%&amp;ing wait 'til I can take off and do something ... anything out of the ordinary. Now I don't mind parenting and I don't regret the boy. But I'm not the settled sort by nature...The only thing that gets me through a lot of these days when my sense of duty runs low is the knowledge that before I settled down I traveled extensively and had a couple of high-risk / middling reward jobs that were fun as hell if dangerous. And I didn't drink then. I didn't start drinking 'til I settled down...We're all going to die. It's going to happen. Have some fun. Just don't drink and you're good.
Okay so most of the replies have really great ideas but I'll just put in my two cents. I have my college degree and everything but was never an ambitious/driven person so have never really had anything that I kept working at and improved in. Tried to learn guitar got bored when I wasn't great rinse repeat with a few different things throughout my life. When I stopped drinking I started doing 15 minute yoga videos at night now sometimes I'll do 30 or 20 or whatever I'm in the mood for. And somehow I've really improved at yoga and the first time I tried a pose I couldn't previously do and I actually did it was like the best feeling in the WORLD. Some days I'll feel too lazy but most days I'm excited for my yoga time because I'm constantly seeing little improvements and that is so rewarding. So my advice is basically what u/gregnegative said haha. Or go join a rock band and fetish club! This is your life man you do you!!
