-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/582hvt/struggling_with_romanticizing_the_drink/

One of my greatest things I struggle with is romanticizing the role that alcohol has played in my life...I can easily divide my adult life into two time periods. Before drinking alcohol and after drinking alcohol. I came late to the drinking game and only started drinking at age 21 (and as a Canadian this is strange)...Before alcohol I was a loner with essentially no social skills barely any friends and a dead-end educational path. ..Alcohol and the accompanying lowering of inhibitions helped me "put myself out there" - I had a lot of great experiences and discovered new aspects of myself. I gained new friend groups got married and set myself up on a solid career path...When I think about "moderating" or when the reality of really stopping drinking hits me it is this time period that I think about. Quite literally "the good times"..The problem is something is qualitatively different about my drinking now than it was then. Then I was not downing a fifth of vodka alone over a few hours...I can not meet the friends I made while drinking anymore. They seem to be responsible about it. That gets in the way of getting drunk as quickly and efficiently as possible...But still I struggle with associating drinking with the long ago time where it appears I could drink "normally"..Does anyone else have this problem?..I know that something has changed and I can no longer drink like that but my alcoholic brain loves that example of how It seems I could do it "right"..Is it a mistake to even think like this? Am I wrong to give alcohol some credit for certain positive things in my life?
----------immediate responses--------

I too have struggled with this issue and it has taken me a long time to realise that I can't drink like other people. Part of me will always want to but I have to accept that my brain is that of an alcoholic/addict so for me it's all or nothing always will be. I too have been deceived into thinking alcohol was a positive influence throughout my life but I believe that to be another way it got a hold on me by making me think it was doing me a favour. 
[deleted]
Alcohol never added anything to my life.  I had a false reality where I was the life and soul of the party.....so I thought!    Best to realise that reducing inhibitions does equal an interesting character.   Have you ever see yourself drunk?  
i definitely struggle with this! i think back and long for all the good times i used to have when drinking with my friends. and thats the good times i want back. but the problem is when i drink now its never like it used to be. my drinking changed and my body's reaction to alcohol changed and my brain heart and all my cells got beaten down by alcohol and it can start off good but always ends bad. and not to mention the next day/days... its weird that the brain cant let go of those other times tho when in recent years there are mostly bad memories from drinking. 
Alcohol is a chemical compound that at turns is a disinfectant a solvent a mild cleaning agent a carcinogen a fuel and a poison...Like you I was introduced to alcohol as an adult.  My first three attempts to drink many months apart my body recognized it as a poison and made me regurgitate it.  ..But hey!  I was determined!  I learned to consume it...I can't figure out how to romanticize that..........Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One.
The term the addictions councellors and psych folks like to use is "Euphoric Recall" (there is a good article on Wiki). This is the amazing trick our brains like to play where it prioritizes good memories of our experiences with alcohol while burying the far more plentiful bad ones...If I wanted to I could pull out hundreds of mental snap shots of great times I had drinking with friends in wonderful fun settings. If I was more honest and did it by total hours drunk there would be far more time wasted on the couch laying in bed sick counting the minutes at work while shaking and sweating waiting for another drink at 5 PM. Though way more plentiful the thousands of hours of life ruined get bumped aside by a snapshot of that sunny day beer on that little patio bar. Our addict minds do everything possible to drag us back down...A good exercise to do is to make a list of benefits and  negatives of alcohol then repeat the exercise as sober time accumulates. As the mind clears and time goes by most of found the negatives list grew longer and longer and the actual benefits list shrank to near zero.
Me too. My alcoholic mind told me I can't be social without. Alcohol was like a really fun friend but he just stayed on my  couch too long so I kicked him out. It is awkward at first but over time your social structure will change for the better. Everything gradually changes for the better.
