-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58405p/in_australia_where_i_am_its_my_100th_day_i_still/

http://imgur.com/a/WHHxn...Le me. I'm a former pro photographer. Day 1 I didn't want to KNOW. I didn't want to even TRY to get a good shot. I thought I should document it though for posterity. That morning I was let out of hospital after spending the night on watch after threatening suicide which alcohol sometimes made me do. I also have severe depression and just last night actually I was strongly thinking depressed stuff after getting essentially laid off. I didn't crack though. It was very much a self medication method drinking. The truth is though I'm not less depressed. I think I am more conscious of my depression now which has been at least a 20 year struggle for me. Drinking for me it masked the sad stuff. That little flicker of euphoria it gave me I don't have that now between sobriety and my meds. What I do have though is clarity. ...It's definitely not all rosy. My life is still a shambles I'm still very upset. I'm telling myself there's only so much horrid stuff that can happen. It has to get good eventually. House issues. Employment issues. I lost my now ex due in part to drinking. He doesn't talk to me. It's really gotten worse in a lot of ways since sobriety....I'm still here though. Still sober. Still on that god-forsaken wagon I've hopped on and off more times than I care to count. I have clarity. And my liver likes me more...Just gotta wait for everything else to fall into place.
----------immediate responses--------

I can see the difference in those shots. You look better now...Depression and alcohol is not a good combo so congratulations on having 1 less problem now :)
Congrats!! You look great :) I'm glad you're feeling better 
I can relate to what you're saying.  A couple of thoughts;  Alcohol can be a hiding place.  A bad one for sure but we temporarily escape our problems (which ironically are only made worse by the drinking).  Depression and alcohol can go hand in hand but sometimes depression has a life of its own.  If the meds you're taking aren't helping with that maybe consider asking your doctor for some new meds.  Several people I know went through several different anti-depressants before they found what worked for them.
You are brave and strong (and you have good fashion sense. Love that dress!). Thank you for sharing!!
yeah feeling the depression has been the hardest part for me...You look amazing!!! Congrats!
you look much better now!..My rehab picture was terrible lol.  ..Ya and dont worry about the cravings they will pass eventually!..Sometimes my sponsor and I talk almost entirely about wanting to drink or drinking dreams.  It still happens from time to time even with time sober.  Its the most natural thing in the world for an alcoholic to want to drink.  Don't beat yourself up for it or wonder if you are strange we all feel it.  I just didnt drink today
The temptations go away. At least they did for me. I hope they do for you too...Congratulations on your first 100!
Girl you look beautiful! Even though you're not quuuite smiling I feel like you can really see a hint of happiness in your after photo the life and vibrancy in your eyes. Maybe hope? Sorry things are still a little rough for you. I feel like I get where you're at though when the fog sort of lifts and you're forced to deal with the things you might have ignored or neglected while drinking. For me it's sort of now that I am seeing a tangible improvement (outside of myself). Hope you get your meds sorted out and that your depression starts to lift and amazing job keeping going even through your depression!! Things felt hard for me so can't imagine dealing with that extra bonus hard thing &lt;3 thanks for posting!!
