-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/586qaq/coping_with_lifes_sht/

87 days lifetime record for me. it's been easier than i thought because i've been busier than ever before and because I had a strong compelling vision of the life I want to live. I've been happy for the last 87 days and damn proud too. ..One thing I forgot to anticipate is how mood changes everything. A bit of stress and feeling low changes everything. Felt quite down for the last week resisting a beer has become difficult. ..It's made me reallise a few things:..- working on ways to stay happy upbeat and positive is probably more important than finding alternatives to alcohol..- struggling during days when I feel low is just a lesson that I haven't developed enough mechanisms for dealing with life's sh*t...- just when you feel confident a slight change in circumstances presents a whole new aspect to the challenge. it's a reminder to not get too cocky..This process of quitting alcohol is becoming something I wasn't expecting; it's becoming less about alcohol and much more about life in general. How do you cope with stress/boredom/loneliness? Are they healthy or unhealthy coping mechanisms? Why don't I have more mechanisms that are easy to think of enjoyable and healthy? Why do I drink beer to forget about life's worries rather than tackling them head on in a fast and decisive manner?..Beyond all the reasons why we know alcohol is bad I'm discovering that it's also bad because it prevents us from discovering new ways to cope with life' sh*t...Agree? Disagree? It would be great to hear your thoughts.
----------immediate responses--------

Totally agree. ..Since quitting I have felt much more in tune with things around me. I still have bad days but they seem to have lost the soul- crushing depth that they once had. Optimism seems to sneak up on me now whereas before it just a wishful thinking. The clarity I have gained makes for a far more engaging daily adventure instead of a dreaded trudge to bedtime....
Your becoming aware ... it's like stepping out of one door into a hallway with multiple other doors ... you can step into any door you want but your stuck in the hallway...The fog has cleared and your now wondering what In the hell is next ?..Life is next.  Open whatever door you want.  Travel ... do fun stuff ... it's hard ....But open one of those doors...Life is better without alcohol ... some days "boring" perhaps ... but predictable and it costs a hell of of lot less to be boring than drunk for sure.
What a great post!.."The process of quitting alcohol is becoming something I wasn't expecting; it's become less about alcohol and much more about life in general."..Absolutely!!  When I remove the alcohol from ME I'm left with alcohol-less ME.  ..Stopping drinking is the first part.  Learning to Live Sober is learning to live *with* me and BE me..."Life's Sh*t" -  that's just it isn't it?..Life is variable.  Thank goodness!  I had to learn to not let my 'thinking' 'my feelings' and my 'motivation' drive what I do (behaviors)...That's because my thought feelings and motivation vary considerably!  That's the aspect of Sober Living I work on each day...My thoughts feelings and motivation are in my head.  I work to experience them but to not let them affect my decisions.  That's what's different for me in Sober Living...I use information to inform my Decision.  Then I take action.  I focus more on the physical aspect of the action instead of the internal cogitating and living in my head.  That's where I used to be constantly.  Now not so much...I Choose.  I Decide.  I Act...I decided today to forgo ONE drink - The First One..It won't matter what my thoughts feelings and motivation are!
The toughest test for me was just after eleven months. I had a personally painful anniversary that I had forgotten about. The only thing that saved me on that day was doing what I knew I had to do. I told someone that I was having an awful day and that I could really use some company. A friend made me dinner that night and I got through it. I really believe that I can get though anything if I accept it and only concern myself with the day at hand. I don't drink and I ask for help. It's been working so far.
I agree also. I have some very scary things going down right now that will continue for a few months yet. Things I caused while drinking. I can't back up what I did. I gotta live with it. And I can only do that sober. I have a top ten problem list running and if I drank over that I'd have to edge out another problem just to put Day One Again on there! (DOA) is how  I always think on my million days ones... I'm hanging in there at 24 days. I'm not gonna drink. Nope
I know that at least early on here I can't be bored - I'm lucky I have so much unfinished stuff I wasn't getting to because of drinking!  I'm sure it will die down at some point but right now I'm manically trying to do tons of things.  Plus I can actually sleep so there's that too!
I totally agree with this! I like how you say it's sort of naturally led you to more introspection. I feel like recently I had something minor happen and it started these hateful intrusive thoughts and then the other voice the good one was like hang on actually you've been doing an amazing job lately. And that was it! Before something bad happening (out of my control i.e. car trouble) would lead to days of me putting myself down bringing in any reason no matter how unrelated to hate on myself. Through the process of quitting drinking and taking pride in making better decisions for myself it had led to me loving myself more and stopped or at least lessened those negative totally unnecessary bad thoughts; kind of forced me to recognize the good things I do too. Thanks for this post great chance to get a few of these things out of my head and reflect on more of the positive changes since quitting alcohol. And I also agree with the getting too cocky part life sure does keep you in check haha
Some days are good some not so good.  Instead of being a baby and saying "Oh no I need a drink" I have to learn to grow up and realize that this is life.  Otherwise I can remain that deformed character who needs a drink for everything...Like you said we need to discover new ways of coping with life's shit or even just dealing with boredom.  I'm sure we can do it together!
[deleted]
Totally agree.  You have to learn your triggers...Mine are very similar to yours.  Fatigue or stress and my brain is telling me to reach for the bottle...
Agreed. So much better for me to deal with emotions sober. Sobriety doesn't take all the problems away just the drinking one. I think once you hit a point in your sobriety you have to face those other issues and regardlesd if its 5 days or 100 days when it happens the old urges and old way if coping i.e drinking pops up. But now it us about learning new coping skills. I will not drink with you tonight 
Thanks everyone for your great replies!
