-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5870y0/first_post_day_10_need_encouragement/

Hi there. First post but I've been lurking here for some time now. I could really do with some help right now...11 days ago I got way too drunk at a friend's birthday party. In addition to throwing up all over the place I got my friend in trouble with his roommates for making a mess. Although my friend laughed it off and was sympathetic I still feel shame so deep that I think about it and blush several times a day. 10 days ago I made the decision to take a break from drinking. So far I'm good. My initial plan in my head for now is to take 1-2 months off. But man I am beginning to feel really confused and lost...Because well... a few points:..1) I haven't told anyone I know that I'm doing this. Nobody in my life knows about my drinking habits - a lot of it happens in my home alone. When I am with friends 99.99% of the time I control my drinking. Rarely make a fool out of myself - but sometimes it does happen and then the shame and self hatred I feel is unreal. Add anxiety and paranoia to that and I feel ready to never let myself get to that state again. And it's fine for another 6-12 months when I repeat myself. But mostly I'm very good at confining myself to getting too drunk at home alone maybe once or twice a week and drinking at least 3 drinks a day on the days I didn't get drunk. Because I lose control in front of friends so rarely and most of the times I'm actually less drunk than they are / go home earlier than the rest when we're out I feel like I can't currently tell anyone in my life how proud I am about my 10 days. I have not managed 10 days without drinking since I started drinking at 18 years old. Always considered taking breaks always made excuses. So yes although 10 days is probably nothing to you guys it matters to me. I'm proud. But I feel like I can't tell anyone. They don't know...2) These 10 days have felt a little bit too easy. Does that even make sense? It seems that I hadn't made it to the stage of physical dependency of drinking - when I stopped I had no withdrawals no irritability nothing. I am worried that this is going to impact my willpower to keep away from drinking...3) I am familiar with the consequences of heavy alcohol use: the inability to get out of bed in the morning the panic when checking texts and Facebook the self hatred when I've done something embarrassing the shakes after a particularly heavy night starting to switch between liquor stores because I feel paranoid about buying 3 bottles of wine in a week from the same store... But when I read everyone's stories and compare it to theirs I feel like I haven't seen anything compared to those who have struggled for longer. My rock bottom is wetting someone else's bed - I think that's the worst I have ever managed. I have cautiously told this to a few close friends thinking they would judge the hell out of me... they didn't. Everyone I've told it to have usually had equally embarrassing stories to tell...So overall it's been 10 days and I'm just sitting here thinking "maybe it wasn't that bad? Maybe I was exaggerating my drinking in my head?" And this is where I need your help. I set my goal for 1-2 months without alcohol (for now; might be longer) and I can't let myself explain it away or make excuses to stop. ..So please I would like some words or wisdom or hit me with your worst. I want to stay on track...Thanks for reading.....
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;10 days is probably nothing to you guys..Actually it's huge. It's a terrific accomplishment. Hopefully a month or two completely away from booze will give you a chance to reassess what role you want it to play in your life. Great work.
Enjoy the not drinking.  Maybe lie and tell people you got some blood work done if you want an out.  ..Life is just better without alcohol man.  Your doing good.  No reason to go back now
Hi there--congrats on your 10 days!..There's a few things here that resonate with my experience: drinking daily in secret the ability to control it in social situations and not drinking to get blackout drunk...I've learned there are several types of alcoholisms--one type is known as the delta alcoholic. I wrote a post about it a while back:..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4q60ff/a_little_more_love_for_maintenance_drinkers/?st=IUGBK0BY&amp;sh=d401e8ef..One interesting thing about Deltas is that because they can control how much they drink they don't have the same rock bottoms as those who can't. For me my daily drinking resulted in rock bottoms of depression anxiety insomnia self loathing and the feeling of being powerless to stop my daily habit of self-medicating...You are not alone and I hope this gives you some encouragement. Keep on going--you've got this!
Tell your friends you are doing it for a health/fitness/ weight loss goal. Or tell them you're on a medication that doesn't mix well. Give yourself some breathing room to enjoy sobriety. Very well done on ten days! I will not drink with you today.
