-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/588lqd/i_got_asked_what_is_it_you_like_about_drinking/

My therapist asked me that and I really struggled to answer. I could tell you what I used to like about it but the euphoria I got when I first started drinking has long passed. I wouldn't even go as far as saying it makes me feel good because it usually just makes me feel okay and nothing more but yet I've had to fight the urge to relapse every day for the past month. It's weird how there's something that's so controlling over my life but I couldn't even tell you what I like about it.
----------immediate responses--------

This was me before I quit. I was no longer enjoying alcohol just drinking to feel normal. Now after 55 days I feel better than I have in 10 years. Best of luck my friend!
Good point! I think it is often the context we enjoy...sunny days sporting events hanging out with friends listening to live music sitting in front of a cozy fire...you could add "with a (drink of choice) in my hand" to any of those but if anything the alcohol just worsens the experience after the first few sips. 
funny i was just talking about this with my wife last night. i said if i were to make a list of things i like about drinking aside from some brief mental rush there's literally nothing after 35+ years. it's just an addiction straight up that always leads me to misery. i'm hoping this time around i can finally say it's all behind me.
I liked the thought of drinking more than actually drinking towards the end. The buying it and then preparing it was more pleasurable than the effects kind of like the trailer is always better than the film.
I enjoyed the social aspect and feeling of belonging but now I realize most were just bar friends. I am looking forward to befriending sober real friends and hopefully reconnecting with someone dear to me. I will not drink with u tonight 
Loved it. I had a relationship with alcohol. Maybe it was made up and fake just like Facebook profile but the image and badassery it projected was awesome. I loved drinking but hated the wait time towards it and what happened after. After my home consumption was no longer a safe space drinking became a chore. And like that ex girlfriend you dumped it calls you and says that it wasn't so bad and maybe you should hook up again. And you give it a thought but hopefully you don't sign up for a one night stand or go back together. 
When I first started drinking I liked that it gave me confidence and made me feel funny.  I liked that it allowed me to cope without actually coping.  A great escape.
Oblivion. The "not giving a fuck" feeling. How alcohol releases all my pent up emotions .
