-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58cv2t/sober_curious_but_vertigo_problems/

Alright this is like the fifth time rewriting this post so I'm just going to make it simple! I had been drinking heavily for a few years and then recently quite heavily for several months. This came to a sudden stop when I went to visit some family two weekends ago (October 8-9). The night of the first day without drinking I noticed I was a little dizzy before bedtime. The next day I was so dizzy and disoriented I went to the hospital and was diagnosed with vertigo and high blood pressure (and more weight than I had ever had on me). I had told them that I had just come off a week of heavy drinking and a lot of dancing (I am a salsa fanatic!) but I didn't mention my long term habit and how heavy it was. I was recommended to rest and drink plenty of fluids and take an anti vertigo pill. The next day I went elsewhere for a second opinion and after more extensive tests vertigo and possible dehydration was the diagnosis. Almost every day the vertigo is a little bit better but occasionally there is a relapse day like today where it is worse than the day before but still not as bad as it was at its worst. I quit drinking after a finished the secret amount of booze I had brought with me on the trip but then drank again a few days ago just one night but that gave me a bad day of vertigo the following morning. Can y'all help me by answering this: does this sort of persistent dizziness happen when sobering up and how long can it last for? I guess I want to know if it's connected or not or if my case is unique. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't experienced that specifically. I've been pretty foggy and feeling off in the first couple weeks but not exactly dizziness. Keep up with what the doctor told you and if it's not going away I would go back and let them know. 
First I would highly recommend being completely honest with your health care providers. They cannot help you if you hide things from them and they are not there to judge you. They see so many people with problems they will not be shocked to hear of your drinking issues. You may need medical help quitting alcohol depending on how much you were drinking...Second I'm not a health care professional so I could be wrong but I think high blood pressure can cause feelings of dizziness. Anxiety can also cause feelings of dizzinnes. Both high blood pressure and anxiety can be caused by alcohol withdrawal. I'm not saying they are in your case but they could be. In my case any dizziness I had was tied to anxiety and the anxiety improved over a month although I'd say the worst was over by two weeks. There were setback days like you described-the road to recovery can be bumpy. ..If I were in your place I would march myself to my primary care physician be honest about how much I drank and for how long and explain my symptoms again in order to get the correct diagnosis and treatment..Good luck to you!
OK see your doctor...Google portal hypertension...Obesity alcohol and liver issues can all adversely affect blood pressure.  ..It's nothing to dismiss lightly as high BP contributes to stroke...So you consumed a couple days ago?
Yes I've had vertigo and dizziness during alcohol withdrawals. See your regular doc is my advice...and be honest! 
