-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58mjln/esperal_implant_guy_here_update_several_months_in/

So thanks to my esperal implant i got several months ago in Poland I hadn't touched a drop of alcohol since... July?..Check my post history for the previous iterations. ..Friend of mine cooked something for me with alcohol in it. I didn't realise it. I had no reaction...I later in a night of extreme cravings... discovered that the implant doesn't work. ..I drank and had no negative reactions at all. And then I relapsed...Currently trying to dig my way out of the hole again the old fashioned way. Clock went back to zero. This is day.. two? probably? ..Yesterday morning I woke up and discovered that I had said some really terrible things to a really sweet girl who really likes me. I didn't remember the conversation at all. ..I apologized to her and had her over to spend the day together. I lied about what happened made up another reason why I was reacting this way because I do not think she would understand if I told her the real reason...This girl was the one who cooked something for me with alcohol in it. She didn't know. I couldn't tell her because I didn't think she would understand. The wider world doesn't have the same sympathy for "I'm an alcoholic" as AA types do. Might as well change my name back to Hitler while I'm at it. (that one was a simpsons reference) ..Irony right? ..I cannot be the kind of person who says bad things to sweet girls who just want to take care of me and then not remember the conversation at all the next day. Going to have to tough this out the old fashioned way...To all the nay sayers (even in this subreddit) who said that the implant was a bad idea you got your way. It didn't work and I'm back to where I started...I regret that it didn't work. I wish that when I drank I would get horribly ill after just a drop so that I was forced to stop...Makes me wonder if the doctor who implanted the stuff was a hack or if I'm just somehow immune or what. Either is possible. But it doesn't matter now anyway. I live in a place where they probably do not give the pill form of the drug and I'm not going to get another implant if one implant doesn't work...Interesting though just to show how mental it all really is - when i THOUGHT  the implant was real i was able to choose not to drink. Nothing has actually changed. I just have to figure out how to choose not to drink again without the implant being a factor. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey glad you're here...Naysayers don't understand there are many paths...I was one who asked that you share your experience.  Thank you for doing so!  ..You conducted valuable research and reported your findings!  You achieved sobriety for months...Sounds like you're ready for the next phase!  What will your approach be?..Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
A friend of mine that used to post here often used an analogy along the lines of anyone could get locked up in jail for a month and get a month head start on sobriety proving that anyone without exception could stop drinking for a month. The problem was that most using the jail method to sobriety would relapse within days of getting out because they had changed nothing else. I see drugs intended to make you sick when you drink as being a lot like jail or perhaps more like someone standing beside you with a gun to your head ready to pull the trigger ths second alcohol hit your tongue. A deterrent but far from a motivator...Fear of negative consequences can be a good kickstart for sobriety but for most of us with addiction issues it just is not enough. What finally kept me sober after decades of drunken nonsense was learning how to enjoy life sober. I began to appreciate the value of a long walk in the woods a nice bike ride sober conversation sipping coffee as the sun rises. I worked on rebuilding relationships I read about sobriety I became active in recovery forums. This world is full of fantastic activities to enjoy sober. Finding these to fill the time I used to drink and learning life is better sober was the key for me not fearing consequences...You can stop drinking if you want to. Take good care of yourself.
I was just thinking about you and your situation the other day. Thanks for the update!
I remember your post about the implant! I think some of the 'naysayers' were more just worried about it because it sounded a bit iffy as a procedure; no one had heard of it? Anyway I'm sorry to hear that you've relapsed and it's not working. I'm a big proponent of using medication if it helps in the early days just to get some distance/sober time to let your brain heal. After that as ThreeBlurryDecades here says you probably need to do some other stuff if you're still wanting to drink. Having a sober community (Refuge Recovery) was really helpful to me. I'm not sure if they have that where you are (Poland I believe?) but I'm sure you could check out AA. Or maybe get involved with some hobbies/sports to make friends whose focus is not always drinking. Just some thoughts. Best wishes!
Is Esperal a name for disulfiram aka antabuse? ..I had a pretty similar experience to yours about 10 years ago. I was taking antabuse every day for 4+ months. $100 a month plus liver enzyme testing because the stuff is apparently quite hard on that organ...My doctor and therapist were pretty strong in their warning that it would take at least a week probably longer to clear it out of my system if I stopped taking it. When I relapsed I had been off it for 2? days and ... nothing happened. That made me wonder if I had been taking a placebo the whole time. ..The Jail Analogy from @ThreeBlurryDecades is right on the money for me. I have to *work* at this every day or I'm not getting better. Drinking is a symptom of something very much deeper. My solution is checking in here every day seeing a therapist cultivating some old hobbies that drinking made me ignore and developing some new hobbies - like running. ..You can do this if you really want to and you're willing to put in the effort. ..And I have to disagree with "The wider world doesn't have the same sympathy for "I'm an alcoholic" as AA types do." My experience is that radical honesty -- with people you trust -- is incredibly powerful and vital and necessary in recovery. Alcohol loves secrets and secrecy. That's its fuel.
&gt; Friend of mine cooked something for me with alcohol in it..I don't know if it's true but I've been said that alcohol evaporates when cooking. Still I avoid every meal that has alcohol in it. I could rationalize that it doesn't really have in it but it would create a small crack. ..If you send a space shuttle in space with a small crack it could have disastrous consequences. That's how I see it. I could think "I can afford a small glass of wine anyway I ate food and it had wine in it and I don't feel bad". This would lead to lose everything...Stay strong!
[deleted]
Thank you for updating. Glad you're back.
Which clinic in Poland did you use? I got this done last week in Poland and have been reading on the internet and I'm increasingly suspicious of this procedure i.e. it is a simple aversion placebo therapy.
