-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58nase/struggling_a_bit/

Hi All!..I'm on day 6 and I feel so much better! I sleep better have no headaches and the shaky hands have gone away. Awesome right? Then why at 4 PM is it such a struggle? ..That was always my time to "start". I've been trying to keep busy and restructure my thinking. Some days it's not a problem at all but yesterday was terrible! And today is Friday. That was the night  to let loose a bit. I never went out but I would easily polish off 10+ "big girl" beers (16oz). So of course I'd feel horrible for the better part of a Saturday. While I'm writing this all I can think is "that sounds terrible and no fun at all". But then evening rolls around and I just want a cold beer...I'm planning to pick my daughter up from school and go grocery shopping plus a few other errands to keep busy. It seems if I can get past dinner time the cravings go and I'm fine. But those couple of hours are HARD! I just needed to share with people who understand...I'm also planning to pick up some special drinks to have when that craving hits. Maybe that will help? Any suggestions? Cold beverages are better and I don't like soda:)..Also this group is amazing!! You've made me feel I'm not alone. I check in here multiple times as day and it always makes me feel better and keeps me accountable. Thank you all!!..I will not drink with you all today!! No matter how hard it is.
----------immediate responses--------

I was reading posts here and someone suggested Italian sodas ( not soda like you're thinking). I made my first one last night and it was yummy!!!..It's club soda some Torani (I think?) syrup and you can put cream or half and half too. With lots of ice! I couldn't find the Torani brand so I bought something similar. It's really tasty and the ritual of making a drink helped me too. 
I am with you!! Evenings are so hard. I have been trying to get to the gym or go for a run during that time. When I get home I say goodnight to my kids(sober!!!) take a shower make a cup of tea and relax until bedtime. It is my new evening ritual and so far so good. Today has been really hard bc my craving has already started so here I am. I will post and read here until it passes. Gonna drink something sweet bc that seems to help me too. Best of luck mama we can do this!!
I'm on day 6 as well first time for me. I'm also feeling better and sleeping better although day 5 was pretty brutal. ..My battleground hours are 4-12 at night. The cravings yesterday were insane. So far I've been drinking really cold cranberry juice with tonic and lime but I'm drinking a TON of them. I polished off most of a bottle of juice last night. I'm finding that just having it in my hand helps almost as much as sipping it. Drinking had just become so much of a ritual that interrupting any little part of my old routine seems to help. ..And I agree that this group is amazing. I'm on here many times per day. Sometimes just seeing that someone else shares your particular brand of struggle is enough to get past the bad moments. Onward. 
I'm a twelve-stepper so my advice is to hit a meeting if you can. AA is certainly not the only way to get sober but it is the only way I know and I've tried everything &amp; relapsed many many times prior to this go-around. Talking with another alcoholic is really the essential part of the program as far as I'm concerned and it really REALLY helps to talk to someone who knows exactly what you're going through. The fellowship I find in the rooms gives me the strength to stay sober today and every day...That said congratulations!! Freedom from drinking is amazing. You might try exercise and devote yourself to it as religiously as you did to your starting time for drinking. A walk or a bike ride or a yoga class or something that revs your endorphins and gets your energy up while also exhausting you a bit may work wonders. I cycle everywhere rock climb and do 2-4 strength training classes as my gym every week and I feel pretty great all the time...Good luck!
Thanks I got through the day with out drinking which is good but replaced it with a crutch (weed) which I know I will have to deal with at a later time. .Planter fasciitis is the worst. I have it from tennis and high arches. So painful. .I am not drinking with you today!
