-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/58sq62/i_know_that_alcohol_destroys_my_life_but_i_keep/

Am I lost case? Why the FUCK can't I just stop "having a beer"? I keep trying and trying but it always ends the same way. ..What did it take for you to finally stop relapsing?.DAMMIT... 
----------immediate responses--------

I eventually began to learn from my relapses...What can you do different this time?
It took me many many tries (and relapses) to get to where I am now. It really helps to be able to rely on my cumulative experience from my past mistakes and attempts. Maybe I'll slip up in the future but I'll only consider it a fail if I give up on trying. 
I thought it was going to have to be some kind of rock bottom moment but I'm so grateful it didn't have to take all of that. ..My moment came standing in the cafeteria line at work. The gentleman behind the counter (ok let me be real...he was freakin' hot) . The check out person said hi to me and asked if I was going to party that weekend the subject quickly turned to how alcohol can destroy your life. This guy then started speaking freely of what alcohol had started taking his health destroyed relationships and left him homeless...all this he shared with no clue of what it was doing to me. His faith is strong he's healthy and happy and credits God for getting him where he is today. ..Thanks to his story I am now almost 30 days in!!
The key for me was giving up. I tried to outsmart it for many years but it always won. I'd stop for anywhere from a week to a few months thinking that I'd proved I could control it. I can't. It always came back. Booze always won in the end so I walked off the battlefield.
&gt;Am I lost case? ..There are no such things.  I can't tell you the number of successful people I know who have been exactly in your shoes.  In my experience working a program of recovery is one of the most important things to maintaining long term recovery and happiness.  Good luck and you are not a lost cause!
I was stuck in that limbo of realizing that I was an alcoholic but being unable to stop relapsing for several years. It just requires that you don't stop trying really. Add stuff to your toolbox each time it happens. Eventually it clicked for me no clouds parting or celestial voices just a gradual realization that I'd rather have the life I want to live than drink (it's an either/or proposition for me).
I stopped relapsing when I stopped taking the first drink. 
