-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/590h4j/the_feels_hit_today_like_a_ton_of_bricks/

Once again something hit me that I didn't think would get me but everyone else has said they had.  After 10 days of enjoying emerging from the haze starting to get some sleep and focusing on meditation and distraction this morning was a trainwreck.  I woke up way before dawn feeling CRUSHED.  Absolutely depressed hopeless empty.  It was pretty awful.  No particular reason except maybe just all the past years rushing in at once - all the fights the mistakes the embarrassments the pathetic WASTE of time and life...So I went for a hike and had a few cups of coffee and managed to stay calm with everyone.  I think the worst is past but man glad this did not hit me on a Friday or Saturday night that would have been a titanic struggle not to drink.  Sunday's a bit easier - I have a big week at work so it's pretty easy to want to be sharp and clear-minded - but whew.  To everyone else who's been through that I am now doubly sympathetic.  What a ton of bricks.
----------immediate responses--------

you got through without drinking. good job!!
One of the reasons it is difficult to stay sober over the long term because all these memories start coming back. I am finding that acceptance of my past actions is one of the hardest things to do in the world. I am having difficulty accepting life as it is as the moment. ..Hang in there. All this will pass eventually. I will stay sober with you. 
It's rough some days. Nice work hanging in there.
Good work!  There's always some rough days but its worth battling through...Tell us... had these feelings come to a time that is typically more appropriate for drinking (night time you said) what tools or methods would you have used in order to stop yourself from drinking?..i'll not drink with you today.
Hey thanks for verbalizing this. I think I've had this same feeling and just never realized what it was "all the past years rushing in at once- all the fights the mistakes the embarrassments the pathetic WASTE of time and life". Guess we didn't get to just erase all those awful feelings like we thought we were doing. Glad you got through okay.
