-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5974ih/toxic_friends/

Help!  I have been friends with this girl since I was in grade school and now I am 43.  Over the years we've had our distantances and that I might add was for the better bc she's always been very two faced to me and everyone else for that matter but she is well known in my hometown and has a lot of drinking buddies.... she always knows the dirt on everyone and loves to gossip but just in the last 3 yeas she has been getting closer and closer to me knowing EVERY little thing about me (bc I do her hair) including all of the trouble I've gotten into drinking and driving and living my so called shitty single life but from the outside it looks very well put together bc doing hair obviously if I tell everyone all of my dirty little secrets and  well I just can't do that I have to be professional.  But she kept getting closer to me and it started freaking me out a little bc I had fears of her spreading all of my secrets to everyone so I got scared and tried to keep her close so we wouldn't get into a fight and she wouldn't do that well guess what it happened.  I got drunk and went off on her told her I didn't trust her that I needed a break and that she wasn't my friend bc she talks about everyone and now she is telling EVERYONE EVERYTHING about me INCLUDING LIES!!?!?!   I knew I should have learned my lesson but how do I make it stop?  It's eating me up!!  I am my a bad personal I have made a lot of mistakes but I refuse to take all of the blame for this which she is doing but I just couldn't take all of the drama anymore... I want REAL friends!  I'm learning how to live sober one day at a time and I am working on my fifth step with my sponsor and yes I've relapsed her and there but this AA sober life is really sucky right now and I'm tired of losing friends that I thought were friends I just can't take any people judging me or being a Hippocrate or throwing their parties and drinking in my face all over Facebook when hats another thing that she was doing!!!   I'm so upset right now I can't even breathe. 
----------immediate responses--------

I realize I'm a little old to be going thru this high school drama but it's so hard to stay sober when I have so many people that I do hair for and see every day!
If you know she's full of shit then so does everyone else...Just forget about it people will either not believe it not care or be so stupid they will believe anything...Your number one priority is being sober not what a bunch of people who in their 40s should know a lot better think based on some daft woman's wafflings...Move on.
I was gonna say the same thing before I saw that Namtrac did. Just like you know she is two faced so does everybody else. I don't think anybody would trust a busybody 40-something woman who constantly talks trash on everyone and maybe it's good that your worst fear sort of came true and now you can move forward and choose friends that you actually value... I feel like you kind of grow into the people you are closest to whether for better or worse. No doubt you're a very different person now that you are not drinking so hopefully you can meet one or two solid people that you admire and can build from there. Good luck &lt;3 and don't stress it!! People gossip and then a week later it's all forgotten what's important is the person you are right now today and people will see the real you &lt;3
Thanks you guys!  I hate how she makes everyone that she talks bad about like they are the monster and she always comes out smelling like a rose.  I know that's what she's portraying me as and honestly my drinking days are horrific!! And she knows all about a lot of them  
