-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5979d4/im_struggling_so_hard_today/

Last night my fianc e asked me to move out of the house saying she  needs space and time to see if she wants to continue the relationship.  I'm so scared of losing her and not being able to see the kids (they're hers so I have no legal ties since we hadn't married yet).  I'm willing to accept the consequences of what I did when drunk.  I tried to cheat on her with my ex girlfriend...My struggle is the unknown.  That I don't know what happens next.  All I know is that drinking won't help no matter how bad I want to.  My friends are supportive and hopeful for the future of the relationship but I'm having trouble seeing any hope or feeling like I even deserve a second chance.
----------immediate responses--------

First off I hope things get better for you soon! ..I know that whatever happens in the future good or bad it's going to be better for me to deal with it when I'm sober or not experiencing a wicked hang over. The only thing drinking will do is make things harder for me. ..It's important to remember where we've slipped up but it's also important to be forgiving. This disease is powerful. The addiction is powerful. But so are we. Good luck with everything! 
That was my rock bottom.  The passing out in hotel parking lot after drinking and driving.  The sh!ting myself and having to have hotel security open my room to see if I am alive ( different trip) or the numerous other things that I am not proud of ... thought of losing my child was it.   ..It IS hard. Every day for me is a battle as I use to drink at lunch during work.   But I threw away every bit of alcohol.   Any time I want to drink I think back to me balling on the floor at my wife's feet begging her to stay.   ..I did not do AA yet.  I do go to a therapist because 1 month after that day my mom passed and then 3 months later my dog died.   ..I will tell you I have found more positive days than negative.  I found doing it for myself will lead to results in a positive nature.   So again no matter how bad I want to I reflect back to that moment of almost loosing my daughter and my wife and I regroup  and know that I will it drink today.   Good luck.  Stay strong.  
only time and consistency will demonstrate that you're someone she can trust and who can be a steady presence with her children ..give it time don't drink. I'll join you 
I'm sorry you're going through such a thought time. It's going to take time but things will get better IF you choose to not drink today. Just one little baby step at a time.
