-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59al3p/my_star_is_smiling_today/

Today I've been sober from drugs and alcohol for 365 consecutive days. A year ago today my life was in complete disarray and my every action was ruled by fear. The first six months were very touch and go I was still in a bad place mentally and definitely felt a void inside myself. Coming here helped me through a lot of tough patches during this period and I read posts here every day...Around the six month point I attended my first NA meeting. I had become so bummed out in life that I knew I needed something more. I was extremely reluctant at first especially because people who discuss 12 step programs on the internet are usually militant in their beliefs; whether they be for or against them. Some people (most of whom don't attend or only went to a few meetings) make it seem like you're going to be chucking on matching Nike's and drinking poison Kool Aid and I think its terrible that people allow this to steer them away from going to a meeting...I slowly got more and more involved but now six months later I have a sponsor and a homegroup and I'm working the steps. I really believe that working a program is helping me become a calm happy and balanced individual. This combined with therapy removing myself from a toxic work environment and a new set of goals my life really feels like its taken a complete 180 at this point...Anyone here who is just starting out or those who are further along if you're struggling through there are places you can go where people want to help you. A support system is truly key. You don't have to suffer in silence...Not drinking today.Damuwelis
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your achievement. To think you've seen every season sober you were sober @ easter not drinking during the holidays - you've experienced all a year has to offer and you've done it on your terms not alcohol's...I love living sober and not once have I regretted not drinking. 
Congrats on a sober orbit around the ol' sun. Keep up the great living!
Holy crap!  Congratulations!
Strong work right here. Congratulations 
