-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59j4qu/ok_ill_admit_it_i_am_an_alcoholic/

I've thought I was sobering up for health. In reality now sober I've seen what I've done to myself and others in the last twenty years. I've squandered my education. I have a student loan but no degree. I've had people who care about me and I've broken their hearts. Lied. Stolen. Cheated. ..This realization is the loneliest thing I've ever felt. I have no support group I'm doing this alone except my lovely wife whos support I can never repay. And I'm starting to get lost. I'm making plans to relapse I can feel it. I'm in a slump. I need help. I'm a fucking addict. 
----------immediate responses--------

 It's great that you have the support of your wife and one way you can repay her is by remaining sober. I needed to make new sober friends to also help hold me accountable. Best wishes to you.
There are support groups available to you in addition to this fantastic sub!..
knowing that i never have to be that person again is a pretty good reason to stay on the path i'm on now...i had a string of shitty days right about where you are now. really glad i rode them out.
Yeah this sub along with AA will help dude. I felt so lonely at the beginning but it gets better. People told me I would have to make new friends. I thought my mates and I would never drift apart but unfortunately you remove the loony juice and you have nothing in common. Give it a year at least and you will be surprised at how much you change and evolve.
Congratulations on noticing the signals for relapse!  That's progress!  Now you can take action to avoid that!..Someone shared a quote about regret guilt and shame:.."if you wouldn't do it today you're convicting an innocent person"..I find it a powerful nod to the fact that I cannot *undo that which is done*...What I get from it is along the lines of:  beating myself up about that which is done while a common process does not *advance my cause* in any viable manner.   *Living* in the shame and regret is actually harmful to me and those around me.    However if I take that recognition of the harmful behaviors ( squandered lied stolen disappointed cheated') and commit to *Action* I transform the shame regret and guilt into a *touchstone* for progress.  ..I know I have things in *my* past for which I'm not proud.  I've not met anyone yet (who is honest) that does not have regrets.  I think what defines my character is what I do *because* of those regrets.  There are at least two ways I can approach this...One: I can embrace  regret shame guilt' and use it like a mantle  wearing sackcloth and ashes.  When I do this I am *indulging my self-centeredness* similar to the dynamic of alcohol.  I cry  Woe is Me  and instead of wearing the Scarlet Letter  A  for adulteress I wear a big  R  for regret...Or Two:  I can use the regret to mobilize myself.  I can accept that while I cannot undo that which is done it is possible for me **to make amends** where appropriate.  Instead of being self-indulgent I focus my attention on *Others* and what I can do for them.  ..You pay homage to your wife for her support.  One of the best ways to honor her support her love her faith in you is by *Living Sober*.  Each day of sober living is a deposit of equity in the  Love and Honor Account  for your wife.  ..You share that you recognize that you're struggling.  That's admirable.  What will you do about it?  Will you take action?  I know for me I got tools resources fellowship and meetings as a support network.  I learned to accept my regrets and past.  I made amends where appropriate.  I give to others I serve today.  ..My hope for you is that you use the past as a touchstone and ACT for the future for those around you.  Student loans cannot be undone.  Finishing the education *Can Be Done*.  Lies cannot be erased being Honest each day builds New Character.  Some things which have been stolen can be replaced.  Acting each day can build a new legacy of Honor for DarkPasta.  Youv'e come a long way.  200 days is remarkable.  I hope that you will continue to build on that... If you wouldn't do it today you're convicting an innocent person ..You can be that new Honorable Innocent person that you started building 200 days ago!..What Actions will you take?..Just for today I forgo ONE drink   The First One.
This subreddit really helps me to deal with my addiction to alcohol so maybe you can consider us your support group. However I have another asset. Like you I am blessed with a supportive wife. I try to show how grateful I am and although I cannot repay her this way she truly appreciates these displays of gratitude which in turn provides me with more support. (That's not the reason I do it it's just a nice side-effect.) ..If I were you I would give my wife a kiss embrace her and tell her that I love her. This ought to be good for both of you. It won't get rid of your addiction (it doesn't for me) but it might help you on your way forward...I will not drink with you today my friend.
I think a lot of us feel lonely &lt;3 hard to know which came first because for me I isolated myself so that I could drink without people watching or noticing which makes quitting doubly hard because there were people who might've supported me who I've probably driven away. I've found a lot of support in this group and I know it's only online but we are all here for you and we can relate to many of your thoughts and we are here 24/7. Hope you can stay strong &lt;3 I won't be drinking today with ya x
Sending you my support too.  The future is wide open. Dark Pasta can do it.  You've got  more sober time than I do. You must be doing something right.
