-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59kh0f/really_struggling_today_not_sure_if_i_can_make_it/

I've had a few rough days in a row and I'm really starting to feel it today. I've been doing my best to cope with it in healthy ways but I just want a break from dealing with shitty emotions. It just feels like one thing after another and all I can think about is how good it would feel to say "fuck it" and get a bottle and cuddle up under a blanket and forget everything. I know logically that drinking won't solve it and I keep playing the tape forward...but somehow I feel that alcohol is the only thing that will actually make me feel better right now. ..I'm currently sobbing on the couch and staring at the liquor store longingly from my window lol (and yes it does look as pathetic as it sounds) so any words of support would really help. Usually poking around on SD helps remind me of my goals but today the craving for that warmth and comfort of alcohol feels overwhelming. 
----------immediate responses--------

Today I realized if I keep fucking up i'm going to be miserable forever. It's going to be constant cycles of sobriety relapse miserable sobriety relapse miserable. If I really want change I have to stay sober. Then the miserable part will eventually go away. But if I give in? Another cycle! I hope this helps you &lt;3 
I made a promise on here late last night/early this morning that I won't even buy alcohol the rest of this week and I'll renew that promise on Monday...Posting here like you have is a great start..I find when I post a promise I up my accountability perhaps it will work for you too?
I relapsed and drank every night last week and I regretted it every since morning. Today is my day 1 again and I can guarantee you that first drink isn't worth it! I just felt shittier and shittier every morning like I always do. Glad to be back on the sober train! Glad to not be drinking with you tonight! 
I mean look at it logically : taking a break assumes you'll resume shortly. And you will. Only then  you'll have a raging hangover to boot.   ..It's like being at the end of a hard workout. I want to quit because it hurts I want to slow down because I just don't think I can do it anymore but if I just hold on to the idea that the workout and your shitty day WILL end then I can hold it together and finish strong. The day will end regardless. It's up to you to finish it strong and in control facing it full on with a clear head.   ..You can do it!
You know who put the "alcohol is the only thing that will actually make me feel better" thought in your head?.Alcohol.   I understand really rough days.  I truly do.  It's okay to take it hour by hour.   If you are unsure of this long night ahead of you then just commit to just this hour.  Don't drink with me for just another 35 minutes.  We can reassess things then. 
Hang in there. You can do it.
My first weeks were pretty easy once I got past autopiloting to the store after work. Then I started thinking bout saying fuck it for a day. I guess alcohol isnt done tormenting me yet. :-) I'm just so gratefull when I win the battle. I dont wanna keep loosing lifes too short. You can beat it. Look at all us here!!!!! YOU CAN for us too.
There's nothing so bad that a drink can't make worse. 
Thinking of you... How are you doing? I hope you will continue not to drink with us through another hour. 
[removed]
