-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59mgxm/it_would_have_been_a_year_had_i_not_relapsed/

Oct 27th 2015 was my first day sober last year. My Day 1. Technically I quit the 26th but that was after downing several beers in the morning. ..Today would have been the trip around the sun had I not picked up a drink (and then literally hundreds or thousands more...jesus...) over the next couple of months...It's a little depressing to be honest...But also kind of uplifting. I saw what relapsing did pulled myself together (slowly) made it back here and now have my longest streak ever...And it occurred to me that even with the relapse in total during this year I was sober 205 days out of 366. That's still more than half which is WAY more than I had done....well....EVER in my adult life...I'm not really sure I have a point. These were just a few thoughts running through my head.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  I'm in a similar boat.  I was sober for just a little over 6 months last year split between a 2 month and a 4 month stint.  Still pretty good to have spent half the year sober though the other 6 months were spent in pretty rough shape so obviously lessons need to be learned and sobriety needs to be maintained 100%...Just getting rolling again.  I find the first week the hardest for sure and it's behind me now so off we go :)..Nice work on 109 days!  You're a nearly third of the way around the sun again!
Every time you fail you learn how to do better next time. .You got this!!! .
I love how you're able to recognize the effort that you did put in this year and that it wasn't completely lost although this isn't day 365. Keep on kickin ass. 
For me this -  **in total during this year I was sober 205 days out of 366**.Is so important and so much better than beating yourself up over a failure. Always room for improvement but that sure as hell beats the alternative of 205 out of 205 drinking. 
Don't think about what could have been think about what could be. Every day is a challenge but the score doesn't matter you're still a human and you can still do it. 
[deleted]
I made a post similar to this a while back. November 11th 2014 was my "would be" one year date. Just keep going.
I don't care about my relapses anymore. I mean I keep the lessons learned but 712 days vs. 612 days doesn't make a lot of difference to me at this point...You're at the point where for me time just started to go by and I didn't really pay attention anymore. I accepted my sober fate and it's been smooth sailing since. 
Keep doing you'll get there.
Congratulations! I am much earlier in my attempt but feel the same way about my sober days. I had been getting drunk every day and I wasn't even sure how much a problem I had at first. I decided I needed to try to change so in the last 18 days I have been sober 11 of them now. I am happy for these 11 nights 11 nights I would have been loaded otherwise. I am happy for you and your success!
I used to get caught up in counting the days and although I still like to see that number by my name I had to reframe it in my head...'Am I sober today? Yep! Then I'm good.'
One day at a time. Be proud of the effort you made and committed too. As long as you recognize the step back. Take  a new direction now and keep on the path!
Having just submitted my reset badge I know exactly how you feel. Looking at that 311 days kills me knowing that I would have had that now had I not had a drink on holidays in July...Oh well lesson learned. I got around 8 months of being sober that time here's hoping for the year.
Good attitude! Don't focus on failure. We're all human. See the forest through the trees. And isn't it so much clearer without the booze fog?
This is a great post. As they say: Life is a tough teacher. First you get the test then you have to learn the lesson.
There is definitely a point which is all any of us have is today and today I will refuse one drink-..The first one.
Bravo to you!!    I was so glad to see your username pop back up.  ..As we say in AA..Progress not perfection.  No one works a perfect program and you're exactly where you need to be.  ..I wish you a peaceful day with a giant side of happiness.    .
You have a great perspective on it. Im kinda sad that I'm back on like day 3 (need to reset) but being sober for 182 of the past 187 days still is much better than I have done since I was 16.
[deleted]
keep coming back and the streaks will get longer..... we are with you!
Hell yeah! Everyone's journey ultimately leads to an experience that will help others.  Thank you so much for sharing your experience in here.  I needed to read it...It sounds stupid and I've always thought it was Bullshit about 1 day at a time.  Somedays the best I can do is just not take a drink.  My support systems helps much.  Ultimately I'm at war with my brain that's trying to kill me.  I trust my brain more than anything... more than my parents... my girlfriend... a dear friend... my Mentors... and the motherfucker's trying to kill me.  Everyday I don't drink is pretty impressive for a drunk like myself.  I'm glad you're back on the path.  Enjoy the ride because we never get there.  We do however get to meet other motherfuckers whose brain is trying to kill them too.  and we're like... yeah... I have that too.
Thank you for this. I was really beating myself up over throwing away 40 days sober. I needed a reminder that 40 days was pretty good and I can beat my own record. I won't drink with you today! 
Today would have been 3 weeks for me if I hadn't slipped up a few days ago. Now here I am hungover and feeling tragic. No matter how many times I fall I am going to keep getting back up.
I'm in a similar boat. I quit two days before I went into rehab in 2015 February 9th was my original sobriety date. I relapsed in January but kept it to a maximum of twice a month or so until May when I drank three nights in a row woke up in withdrawals and proceeded to go on an outrageous twenty day bender that left everything ten different shades of fucked up...I've drank on less than forty days in over a year and a half...One reason I get irritated with AA is the insistence of some members that a single drink destroys all of that sobriety. Others get it a single drink doesn't destroy all you've accomplished. I think the former attitude encourages relapses to go further than they might have otherwise however "Oh there goes my sobriety date now I'm a newcomer... well fuck it."..That's a load of crap...I don't know I'm not someone who holds my sobriety date in high respects. I'm also realistic enough to know I might go back out again at some point. I don't really care to right now which is why I'm sitting here procrastinating on a forum instead of finishing some work that needs to be done instead of clutching a bottle of whiskey and watching something stupid on Hulu at nine in the morning.
I've been sober for almost three years. It hasn't been perfect! I fell off the wagon several times early in my sobriety. I was full of shame but it wasn't such a bad thing looking back now. Falling off the wagon reinforced my goal of quitting booze entirely. Horrible hangovers and a disappointed husband was all I needed to say 'I'm done." I also went to counseling for a year. It really helped. Hang in there!  
The sober time you put together over the past year was good for your health so that's something no one can take away from you.  Alcohol is an insidious addiction and you have seen that yourself.  Now with three new sober months behind you you are hopefully better equipped to maintain sobriety.  For me I'm done with the practice runs and I'm signing on for the real thing.  Let's not drink today shall we?  Three months of sobriety looks great on you.  
u/SoberApok you were one of the very first sobernauts to reply to one of my posts last January.  You were kind you were wise and and I felt very welcomed by you.  I am so glad you came back after your relapse and are here contributing again.  It took me 6+ years to get sober after my relapse -- it didn't take you nearly that long!
