-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59pio4/8_days_and_the_temptations/

Just wanted to share that I haven't had a drink in over a week. I'm not feeling 100% but definitely super proud of myself! I'm also proud that I told a handful of close friends (including boyfriend) and they were all supportive and encouraging which has me feeling so grateful and relieved. ...A few nights ago I went out with 2 girls who are close friends so we could have dinner and catch up. These girls have been my serious drinking buddies in the past as we worked together in the service industry. In fact it was just last month that I spent the night at one of their houses puking and passing out after a half bottle of vodka within an hour. ...Dinner was easy. They shared some boozy pitcher and I was a little tempted. They didn't offer me or pour me any. I actually put it up to my nose to smell I guess I was trying to get some essence or something. Stuck to diet coke and water. ...Then they wanted another drink after we left the restaurant. I tagged along wanting to spend as much time as possible with them. Being around booze wasn't horribly challenging...until we walked into a pub. One of my favorite places to be! I struggled internally two voices yelling back and forth about what to do. Maybe just one. No you would definitely have 3 and then a tallboy for home. Yeah but nobody will be home tonight and therefore nobody will know. But *I'll* know and I've made it to almost a whole week! Exactly! so this is your reward and you can start over tomorrow. God I really want a beer. Go get a redbull. God I really want a shot. You are going to feel like absolute shit tomorrow for multiple reasons. ...What really helped me was that technique I've read about here: playing the tape forward. I envisioned the hangover. All aspects of the hangover the next morning-physical mental emotional. It wasn't going to be worth it. So I stayed in the booth and didn't even have to venture up to the bar because one of my girlfriends brought me back a water! When they ordered another beer I was super fidgety but that was the last one and we all took the train together. Bought vanilla oreos for a bedtime snack. What a battle. I felt almost exhausted....For those of you who don't actively try to avoid social situations where drinking is a huge component what other tactics work? 
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't changed any of my social habits (other than not drinking) since I stopped. My technique has been to always have something alternative to drink *that I'm looking forward to*. Since it's been chilly out this has generally been hot tea. I had a good iced tea on a particularly warm day. I also have some nice sparkling (non-alcoholic) cider that I have at home for special occasions. I also drink a lot of water regardless of whatever else I'm drinking because I find I like to be sipping on something while socializing (an excuse to not talk maybe?). When going out to eat I always ask what the place has for hot tea when everyone else is ordering their alcohol. I haven't been to a pub/bar yet (I usually drank at home or at friends' homes) so I'm not sure what the options are there.
Great work! You should be proud!!..I'm trying to not change or avoid my social situations either. I went to a party on Tuesday night and it helped me to change up what I was drinking but always have something in my hand - seltzer w/ lime grapefruit juice tonic water w/ lime. So much of it for me is the social stigma attached to it and FOMO...I'm with galaxy_crush - I know I'm only 4 days in but I have a gallon of apple cider at home - I heated it up with fresh ginger cinnamon and honey = yum! Normally I would have added some kind of spirit to it but I'm realizing I didn't need that to enjoy it...Pinterest has a lot of great mocktails - most of which are easy enough for a bartender to make so you can feel in on the action too...If they can't - I have previously just asked that they put it in a wine glass or rocks glass - whatever - so it kind of looks and feels like a drink instead of a different water glass. ..I'm already having that internal dialogue about this weekend. We're having friends over and they want to play a drinking game while watching bad movies (ugh my favorite). I plan on making a pitcher of something delicious with the alcohol on the side so people can mix their own if they'd like and I can still play. ..Keep up the great work! Don't give in &amp; I'll be there with you! .I will not drink with you!.
I just avoided that sort of thing altogether for about the first 3-4 months. After that it became less difficult though I don't have a lot of friends who go out to pubs so it's really not that common of an occurrence for me.
