-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59wrqy/the_why_didnt_i_stop_sooner_anger/

Woke up in Copenhagen yesterday in this beautiful old hotel with a beautiful girl. Waking early as I always do I stood at the window and looked to the sleepy river and Freetown below me. ..Mika talking with her arm over her eyes as waking people do asked me what I was doing. What was I doing? I knew I was doing in that moment. I was just enjoying the view. I returned to bed and played with her hair until she fell back asleep. But the question was stuck with me. I didn't return to sleep. What was I doing?..Why when I started and almost immediately struggled with drinking did I not stop? Why didn't I stop sooner? Why did I waste a decade of my life in dirty boring pubs mainly in my dirty boring hometown? ..36 hours later and I'm still so annoyed. I'm furious actually...So Stopdrinking have you experienced this? How do you cope with the anger & self hatred? At what point to I forgive myself for all the experiences I took away from myself? ..I can't fix it.  
----------immediate responses--------

I stopped at 39...Shoulda at least 15 years earlier but hey as they say it took every drink to get me to where I am today...**and today is pretty damned good**  so that seems to be what counts....
Three words :Denial. Anger. Acceptance..When faced with A Big Thing this is natural emotional response...Sounds like you're making good progress towards 3  :)
i drank for 30 years. and while i wish i would have stopped sooner i am so grateful that i have had the last eight months of sobriety. i can only look forward to all the beautiful things i get to experience now with this new set of eyes. with this gratitude and this love for life.
I turn that thought on it's head: whilst I wish I had stopped sooner (wish I had never bothered with alcohol from the outset) I'm very thankful that I didn't leave it until later to stop! I can't change my past but I have eventually woken up and made the decision that gives me my life back and I'm very grateful for this new opportunity at living. I lost a family member a year ago they didn't get the opportunity I have now I am determined to make the most of it...I find peace from accepting the things I can't change (including my past) and just working on the things I can such as living my sober life.
[deleted]
I was really struggling with thoughts like that a few weeks ago. I eventually changed my way of thinking to something more like "i'm thankful I stopped" and "i'm glad i'm not still drinking." Everyday we don't drink is a success I believe. obviously the regret doesn't disappear but I also don't see the point in beating myself day in and day out. 
I am what I am because of past experiences and mistakes.  I won't dwell on the past.  I am becoming a better person with time.  What more can I ask for?  What more can you ask for?  
Started drinking and smoking at 12 and I stopped for the first time at 19. Started back up at 26...Didn't quit again till I hit 40 and didn't drink till I turned 46. Now I am 47 and have lost another year to the madness...It is what it is. We only really have now not yesterday or tomorrow. That being said yeah I do have a ton of regrets when I forget that dwelling on them do me no good. ..You have to give yourself a break though. Addiction is a sneaky bastard and forgiveness and giving ourselves a break helps heal the damage done. We can't change the past and living our lives now is all we've got.
