-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/59xv5v/day_4_first_aa_meeting/

Hi all today was a long emotionally draining day. It started with my ex coming round in the morning to collect the remainder of her belongings. That was tough - I told her I was seeking help for drinking and drugs (it isn't the reason we broke up - she didn't really know that I had that much of a problem) and we had a long chat about things and then we wished each other well and promised to stay in touch but afterwards I just didn't really want to be sitting in the flat alone so I went out. ..There isn't really anywhere I would go in this sort of situation except the pub so that's where I went. I walked up to the bar and the barman who I've been chatting to about things this last week and knows I've given up alcohol asked how I was. I said I really really wanted a drink and he said he wouldn't give me one - just a soft drink for me. He knew I was going to my first AA meeting later that day and said he didn't want me to fall before I started. I am so thankful to him for this!..Anyway I whiled away the time for a few hours nursing soft drinks until it was time to go to my meeting. I didn't really know what to expect as I've never been before and don't know anyone else who has (well maybe I do but not anyone who has talked about it) but I was overwhelmed by support I was shown...I listened intently to everyone who spoke seeing some similarities in their stories and mine. The room was then opened up to new attendees so I decided "In for a penny in for a pound" and shared my reasons for being there. It was emotional and I was choking back the tears but the support was fantastic. I collected my 24hr chip and after the meeting several people approached me congratulating me for sharing and well just for being there. I exchanged numbers with several people and many asked me if I wanted to go to another meeting tomorrow and the day after that...I felt so alone before I went there but now I know that there are many struggling just as I am and many more willing to help. What would normally would have been a day that saw me drunk and ashamed by the end of it ended up being another day sober and with a hope that I haven't felt in a long time.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job! And congtrats on 4 days.
Those numbers you got... Call or text if only to say an Internet stranger said to say you're "just practicing". They will laugh and meet up at another meeting making it easier...
Nice!  I love the support from meetings.  It has proven to be a wonderful tool for me.
I always love coming back to the fact that the first word in the first step of AA is "we"...They've got you. Proud of you. 
This is a touching post. Thank you. It made me remember my first meeting so long long ago. One day at a time I don't take the first drink. 
Well done friend!..You've got the recipe for success and a real friend in an Honorable Barman.  Please give him regards from this Sobernaut!  Seriously.
