-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a206s/60_days_and_still_miserable/

I'm over 2 months sober and still struggling. I find it really discouraging to see people posting how great they are doing  after only a couple weeks or a month  sober. I'm so depressed and all I can think about is drinking or just getting fucked up in some form. I have major depressive disorder and severe anxiety I've been in addiction counseling since the start of my sobriety and am set up with mental health.  I don't know why I'm posting I'm sorry to complain. I just don't know how to deal. I just want to give up it feels like I'll never be happy and I'll always just want to drink the world away. I'm 3 hours from home right now at my in laws and it's very stressful my wife's grandfather makes wine and there's a 5 gallon jug of fermenting wine on the kitchen counter and a bottle of vodka in the fridge. I use to always drink when I came here to visit to help deal with the social situations. I know if I sneak anything my wife will find out and then it will either lead to me having to go to inpatient or else the marriage is over. But even knowing the consequences  it's all I can think about and it's hard to care when I'm so miserable. Sorry for the pitty party I just needed to vent.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you about being discouraged. I kept reading these stories about everyone losing 30lbs right away and gaining all these new interests...well I gained a ton of weight and my depression and anxiety haven't magically vanished. For me it's important to keep up with my mental health and stay in therapy even when it seems like it's not working the way you imagined it would. People keep telling me 60 days is still the very beginning even though it doesn't feel like it.
I never got better happier more successful or easier to be with because I drank. I always felt worse the next day experienced loathing and generally was ineffective. I still have my shit to deal with but I don't need to add to it. I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for your post. I wouldn't call it a "pity party" at all. You are stressed and depressed. I'm glad you're set up with mental health so you can get an official assessment and treatment. That's what I did and medication has made a huge difference...Does your family know you have stopped drinking? How can you protect yourself while you are there? [Too many questions I know.] Reaching out is a good thing and I'm glad you posted. Stay in touch. ..By the way inpatient was a wonderful experience for me. Having time in a safe place to focus on getting well was a blessing. 
Really. When does the magic kick in? I guess the magic is living without alcohol and making sober decisions then realizing that it is a decision I made a sober me. Not a drunk hungover me in an other dimensional bizzaro world. Like Jim Brown sad to Richard Pryor after he burnt himself up doing crack "What ya gonna do?"
I think everyone here with some meaningful time under their belt knows how your feeling. I haven't had a drink in over 17 months and this last week has been really hard and I've thought about drinking a lot. But I didn't. And that's because I finally accepted within myself that alcohol will always take the unhappiness I'm feeling and turn it into a nightmare. I didn't drink because I spent 10 years in that nightmare and I'm done with it.
Glad you're here.  Sorry to hear about you struggle...I found a lot of support and tools in meetings.  The tools and resources allowed me to process the root causes of my things like:  Fear Resentments Pride Impatience Intolerance Guilt and Anger.  When i worked on those I found happiness...Been to any meetings?..Just for today I forgo ONE drink - The First One
Giving up booze and drugs was just the start for me. It took a long time for me to get to know myself again and to get a certain amount of contentedness.  It also took some work and alot of help. ..It's hard inbetween. I still get bummed out. Restless Iritable discontent. I go to AA meetings or read on here or talk to my sponser. ANYTHING but pick up a drink!..I refuse to blow sunshine up anyones ass it can feel impossible. But look at all the people that are happy joyous and free! It's worth it!..There's a lot of work to be done but it all starts with staying sober one day at a time!! If I can't do that then everything else is for naught.  Be kind to yourself you're trying to make a very hard change you're on the road to finding yourself. It may take lots of attempts but don't stop trying! .You are worth it!!! Peace.
