-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a607g/pleasewhat_do_i_say/

I've not had a drink in over 30 days I've started working out and am now down 8 pounds. The thing is I credit this great guy I volunteer with for inspiring me to do it all. He freely told me his story with drugs and alcohol without knowing I was struggling with the alcohol part. Two weeks into not drinking I told him it was him that lead me to where I am now and we became super cool laughing talking and yes some flirting. He is very attractive well spoken and I completely adored him...Well the other day he didn't show up for his usual volunteer shift and we all became worried bc it was so unlike him. I later learned he relapsed. It just seems like it came out of left field bc the day before he was laughing and smiling and everything seemed fine. ..My dilemma is I am happy he is ok ( found safely) I believe he needs support and not judgment but I   am angry and HURT at the same time. I feel like the entire time he was lying to my face. Part of me feels like he was dipping and dabbing before this complete blow up. He wasn't officially my sponsor or anything but I looked at him as such. ..I'm so mixed with emotions do I avoid him until I can't straighten out how I feel? Or if I  see him what the hell do I say??? ...
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I think listening is the best gift to give when someone relapses. There are lots of people out there who think they need to "set them straight" or lecture them. That's not my style. People generally judge themselves enough when they relapse hearing it from someone else is just piling on...That being said what you're feeling is completely normal. I find that using WIN statements when interacting with people is the best way to get my concerns across without being overly emotional...WHEN (I heard you relapsed)..I felt (sad)..I Need (you to know that I support you or that I need some space or that I am confused and might seem distant etc etc)....
That's good advice. The entire office knows so I'm sure that can't be easy. I certainly don't want to add to it...thank you Victoria!
I've been asking myself over and over why I'm so bothered and I think the truth is I'm not bothered that he relapsed..I can support him through that. I'm struggling with all his preaching he did and quoting scriptures acting like he was free and clear of his addiction. He was confident(borderline cocky) and spoke how people may not like him bc he speaks "the truth". It seems like it was all a facade. 
Kicking an addiction is not easy. 
Thank you for taking the time to help walk me through this. I saw him today and just hugged him...I didn't say one word. He held on for awhile then looked at me and said thank you and that was that. 
