-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a9mss/day_3_being_sober_home_alone_and_struggling/

I've caved around days 3 or 4 the last couple times I've tried and I'm really trying to stay strong this time. But I've realized that boredom is what's been pushing me over the edge. Every time I drink I do it while watching TV or playing video games because I've got nothing better to do. Now I still have nothing better to do but having done the two things together for so long it's become difficult to separate them...I think I need to take some time away from TV and games and find some new ways to pass the time. I was really struggling when I started writing this but it's really helped me sort things out...I'm going to turn off the TV now and instead of driving to the store to buy a bottle I'm gonna go for a walk then maybe take a hot bath and finally start reading the book series I bought a long time ago. ..Does anyone have any hobbies or ways to pass the time they can suggest? I'm currently looking for work so I don't have much money but I'd love to hear what you guys do when you feel a craving.
----------immediate responses--------

Exercise Read Cleaning Laundry Shower/Bath Cooking Drinking different types of tea Reading this Sub Documentaries Finding new music. ..One thing that always calms me at night if I'm anxious is washing my bed sheets. There's just something about it. 
I have made a point of continuing to do sober what I used to do drinking. I think of it as taking those things back. The cravings I acknowledge and tell someone about. "Can you believe I still want this after what it did to my life? The brain is a funny thing."
Reading sounds awesome! I might give that a go. I also rewatched some shows I 'watched' drinking. I started cooking too. Lots of good suggestions in the bar to the left (right?)..Welcome! Great to have you! Some days I just cruise the sub-reddit for support. ..
Do you like dogs? My dogs have never been happier now that I'm not drinking. I take them on hikes and walk/jogs every day now and they are so much happier. So many dogs need adopting and you'll have a companion w/ you along this journey! He/she would totally help keep you busy and take your mind off things! Also congrats on day 3! Keep on keep'n on and tomorrow will be day 4! .
