-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ab71t/21_days_of_this_new_life/

As the title suggest my badge just rolled over the 3 week mark safe to say I am more than happy about the situation xD     ..It's been emotional but not as hard as I thought it would be. I have had the cravings hell I woke up with them today hence the early morning post! (UK here). The weekend have probably been the hardest as I am sure they are for most. That constant nagging whilst at work about the times ahead but I managed to keep distracted and stuck to the sober people sober places rules. Have missed out on a few parties 3 mid week pint meet-ups. And a lot of trips to the local offy. ..But. What I haven't missed out on. Is Life. .I feel good and there is no hiding that. .I am actually sat here eating breakfast!!! Believe me thats not been a thing in my life since before secondary school. .I have DOMS from the gym his last 2 weeks that feel amazing. Constant little tightness to remind myself how much i am enjoying the new me. .I can actually afford my bills today! Last day of the month and I'm not panicking and struggling to pull the cash together because I haven't blown  300 on booze this month and probs the same on sniff when I hit that level of drunk. ..I know he long game is still ahead of me. My brain has been trying the "You are not craving anymore you are fixed go for a drink mate!" .I will not fall for it. And i can tell the hardest be of the bargaining is still to come. As long as I keep feeding my brain good food music endorphins and sex it should hopefully take a back seat and forget about my least favourite poison. ..Rambling aside. I feel good. I would not of made it this far without all the amazing motivational posts from the SD community. Just wanted to raise my morning coffee and thank you all. ..It will be a pleasure to enjoy this day sober with each and every one of you *chink*..Edit: Spelling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 3 weeks! Same for me and I agree it's been a real battle but I'm starting to feel so good. This time feels different I really don't want to drink anymore. The thought of all those hungover days! Like you I'm eating well sleeping better and with some excellent music and books I'm getting through this one day at a time. Not drinking with you today :)
Congrats on 3 weeks! Who knew such a small thing as breakfast could be so amazing! It sounds like you're taking good care of yourself. I raise my mug of Pumpkin Spice coffee to you!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Congrats!  3 weeks seems like a lifetime in the future but it feels so good to see other people make it and think that I can too...I will not drink with you today. ;)
