-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5abhbs/one_woman_pity_party_with_no_alcohol_and/

I really need to vent and get this self-pitying out of my system.....I've just returned from a medical appointment with a less-than-empathic doctor who I was seeing for a combination of physical/mental health problems. I didn't want sympathy I don't even mind a bit of challenging (different perspectives and all) but there was a complete lack of empathy/willingness to understand. Which wouldn't usually get to me but I've worked my ass off recently to get here...this sober point this point that looks so pitiful to the outside world but feels like a mountain climb for me. Four weeks ago I was unable to get out of bed wasn't eating wasn't drinking anything but booze (huge relapse) couldn't speak to anyone and was considering the best method to end my life even though I was effectively doing it already in slow motion. ..Since when was a little human 'weakness' such a horrible thing? It made me want to scream "FUCK so I'm not compatible with this world drunk OR sober?! I give up!"..I eyed that vodka in the shop. I thought "well this is what you usually do". Then I played it forward...for quite a while which must have explained the look of confusion on the cashiers face! If I took that bottle home I would definitely damage my liver more. My guts would inevitably churn again. I'd get a buzz for a bit but that would tip over into a clumsy dangerous state where I'd probably self-harm. As it wore off it would just make the negative thoughts multiply as the anxiety increased. I'd feel even more ashamed. I'd have to go through some kind of withdrawal again.....So instead I bought a bag of sweets and cried. I want to forget the appointment and the embarrassment sure but drinking isn't the way to achieve that. I don't like dealing with negative emotions sober but then who else does?! I want to grow up act my age be accountable deal with life. I feel like everyone else knows what they're doing and I don't like there's something I missed out on a clue. That's what fuels a lot of my alcoholism; that and my picking up the bottle of course...Those of you with a history of clinical depression who have embraced sobriety how do you manage your addiction when you have a period of poor mental health? Did your mental health improve over time (sober)? Does depression just keep coming and going or do you finally get the hang of 'riding it out'?..I will NOT drink with you all today. Sorry for the emotional rant...
----------immediate responses--------

Honestly can you get a new doctor? Medical professionals should not make us feel this way about ourselves. I'm really proud of you for playing the tape through to the end. I really did used to drink "at" people or problems like "Take that! I'll show you! I'll just drink." Seems silly in retrospect but it was my one and only coping mechanism for a long time. I hope others come along to help you out with the depression questions. I didn't have that though I worked through a lot of anxiety issues with the help of therapy. Best wishes.
I would be thinking of maybe getting a new doctor you shouldn't leave an appointment feeling worse than when you went in. It can seem like climbing a mountain but you're doing it! The outside world may not fully appreciate what an achievement 18 days is but I am thoroughly impressed by your ability to play it forward despite what you had just gone through. I'm going to let you in on a little secret; I'm nearing 40 so ya know should be fully grown up and being a functional adult and I'm just winging it half the time. Not drinking does help me wing it a little better than I was though. Are you seeing someone for your mental health issues (I surely hope the one you mentioned above is not your only resource as they seem less than helpful for you)? I will not drink with you today. 
Hey sorry to hear about your experience...I just wanted to add my thoughts on your question since I am bi-polar and have been dealing with a similar scenario for a while...I call it 'surfing' and riding it out certainly sums it up for me. I have got a lot better at recognising when I am having 'a poor period of mental health' vs 'everything in my life is shit'...When I recognise the oncoming wave I get on my board and start paddling. In real terms I note all the things that are good in my life and what I need to work on I grab myself a new audiobook and I immerse myself in it and give people close to me a heads up that I'm not feeling 'myself' and they know what I mean...My mental health has improved massively while sober mainly because I keep taking my meds but also because I don't screw with my brain chemistry with vodka I don't throw in regrets and shame and I don't push people away so I have a support network...Also my mental health workers take me seriously now I am sober - when they could link it to drinking you better believe they would...You got this!
Sorry things are so tough. If it helps noooooo body has it ALL figured out. EVERYONE is wandering around with a puzzle piece or two missing. Beating yourself up for not having all of your pieces isn't going to help you find them any faster.    ..&lt;3 be kind and be at peace.
These days drinking doesn't really occur to me as a first line coping mechanism for my mental illness. But it's taken a while to get to that point. During my first year esp the first six months or so I just had to keep reminding myself that what I was feeling wasn't going to kill me (because it literally felt that way at times) -- but drinking and then doing something impulsive just might...I am still affected by my mental illness still have the same highs and lows but they are generally less frequent and the lows seem shorter in duration. As another poster mentioned not having to deal with the added fallout from my drinking is ALWAYS a huge plus.
I've dealt with clinical depression all of my life...during childhood the teen years college and beyond during decades of being sober when I was raising my children and busy with my career during the next phase of horrendous drinking and still today--almost 500 days since my last drink. My depression is always below the surface. Throughout my life the response I have gotten from parents siblings friends and even from my husband of 30 years is: "Snap out of it!" Easier said than done but one thing I know without question is that the first drink will bring that depression right up into the sunlight in all of its monsterous glory. Today I have real tools to keep it at bay. Besides my AA program sponsor and steps I have medication that is effective clear thinking and a desire to explore every healthy avenue that's available to me including mindfulness as it relates to Buddism and a realistic view of life that is impossible to achieve with alcohol in my system. I am moderately depressed as I speak but it is manageable and I have the hope that I can continue to watch it recede so long as I don't take that first single drink. Maybe for some that's not enough. But from where I'm coming from it is enough. With sobriety I have been able to enjoy simple things such as a sober loving day with my grandson a good book a television series I'm addicted to (The Walking Dead) and so on. I'll take it for sure...Hands down it beats the alternative. Hang in there...it does get better with daily persistence.
For me the depression fed the drinking and the drinking fed the depression.  It was a viscous circle.  After 6 months with a doctor who sounds like yours I quit him cold turkey.  What he was giving me made things much worse.  Found a good doc chemicals starting to adjust and as long as I don't start things up with alcohol holding fairly steady.  So dump the chump if he/she is not doing you any good.  So glad I did.  Not drinking with you today!!!
