-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ao9rk/day_7_sleep/

Hi SD. I'm on day 7 (woohoo!) but the thing I'm struggling the most with is sleep. I'm constantly tired and exhausted throughout the day but can't fall asleep at night whatsoever. What's weird is that it's not even thoughts of alcohol or anything of that sort that keep me up. I literally just cannot fall asleep. Grrr!!!..I've tired melatonin tea baths exercise etc but nothing seems to help and it's driving me nuts. I know my body is adjusting but how long did it take for you to start sleeping decently? 
----------immediate responses--------

I've got off to sleep ok from day 1 which I wasn't expecting but have awful sleep cycles so more tired than normal. Considering the gains elsewhere it's a short term price I'm willing to pay. As you acknowledge our bodies are amazing things but even then they need some time to adjust depending on how far down we've gone. I hope your sleep starts improving soon.
Have you tried audio books - I used to try this "stop drinking" one which didn't help me stop drinking but sure put me to sleep :0 
Be kind to yourself. Exercise eat right things such as warm bath to relax - you're doing all the right things they're important and they will work. It will get better. Sober on my friend. 
Like you I'm physically tired but have trouble drifting off - I think that my brain doesn't really know yet how to turn itself off without alcohol forcing it to shut down.  [Ambient sounds](http://asoftmurmur.com/) (my personal blend is 50% rain 30% thunder 50% wind and 100% fire) mindful breathing and a couple cups of Sleepytime Extra have done the trick most nights.  ..Sunday night it just wasn't happening for me though so I did take 1/2 an OTC sleep aid pill and that was enough to push me over the edge into sleep.  That's been my "break glass in case of emergency" method though because I'd really like my body to start finding its own way to fall asleep without relying on chemicals...Regardless of how much sleep I get though I'm still waking up groggy :P
My doctor prescribed me with Seroquel/Quetiapine which is classified as a class C "preparate" which means they are non-addictive. They are actually anti-psycotica which has the side effect of sleep. I have went from 200mg to 100mg this week. And plan to be rid of them in 2 weeks time.  It has been great to help me sleep going through the withdraws. ..Maybe you can ask your doctor for them :) For me it was so easy to start drinking again when I went sleepless for days because then I was assured a nights sleep. 
I have an app called insight timer and there's some very good sleep meditation exercises on there. I really struggle to drift off but with certain exercises I fall asleep halfway through! ..Good luck. 
It took me... and it felt like forever to get good sleep. It does come in time. 
