-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5arcj3/incessant_thinking/

Well here I am on day 10. Things have been somewhat sailing along fairly well. Have some bad cravings from time to time but have managed via distractions (thanks internet and SD chat!). However I feel like I'm on a downward slope at the moment. My mood has been mostly up over the past days however I'm starting to feel a bit more on the downward slide now. Then I have the brain that just will not shut up...The incessant thinking is definitely one of the reasons I've caved in the past as imbibing quelled that (or so it seemed). I'm going to struggle through this hopefully making it out on the other side. Dealing with a bunch of negative thoughts and circumstances about my life and things about myself that just cannot be fixed. The latter in and of itself makes me want to say "Fuck it!"...I'm trying desperately to change my perspective though. I think of all the people out there who deal with circumstances/medical issues way more difficult and serious than mine I'm sure most of them don't drink to deal with it. Trying to pick myself up by the bootstraps and not feel sorry for myself after all - what's the point? Like getting drunk feeling sorry for myself won't accomplish anything except keeping me from doing something to work towards the best version of me I can be...I am grateful this sub-reddit exists and that I can come here to vent/word vomit when the need strikes. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today my friend.
Someone in a group session told me once that when you are sitting there and thinking too much "just move.".  I find I overly think things sometimes to so I make sure to try and physically get up and go do something anything else.  If I sit there and think too much my alcoholic brain will convince me to moderate...again..  Keep fighting it gets easier but you have to keep fighting until it does.
Congrats on 10 days.  My monkey mind plagues me as well I have been looking for distractions like you.  I will not drink with you today.
