-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ayc0j/day_6_its_my_friday_feeling_good_but_thats_the/

Hello r/stopdrinking thanks for being a thing!..This is my first post here so a brief background: I've got about 15 years of drinking like a maniac under my belt.  Im not a daily drinker anymore but I tend to be very impulsive and hit the bottle hard when I do.  I've managed a few good sober runs over the last few years the longest being 99 days.  This year I've managed 36 days but I relapsed and hit it hard again.  That was this past summer.  I always seem to give in to the voice in my head (even though I know better)and relapse and when I do I relapse hard.  It feels like each time I relapse it's worse than the last.  The bottom keeps falling out from this thing.  This behaviour is painful stressful and I can feel it killing me.  I'm hopeful but afraid...So as the title says it's day 6 it's my Friday and I'm feeling 'good.'   I'm in trouble.  When I'm wallowing in self pity after a bender I shudder at the thought of drinking again and declare that I'll never do it again.  It's when I'm feeling better again is where I start to cave.   ..It's still morning at work and though I am confident I don't want to drink my dark side can be a persuasive bastard when 5 o'clock hits.   There's something about not having to work the next day that makes me think there won't be consequences if I drink.  I'll rationalize and say 'I just won't drink that much' when I know that the first sip is all it takes for a two or three day bender.  I'll say 'this one will be different.'  The compulsion to drink outwits me every time.   The voice doesn't stop until Im completely overwhelmed and give in.  There will be consequences.  I'll be depressed and tired and sick until the next day 6 comes.   The cycle continues......At 5 I'm going to try to go straight home from work and occupy myself with something productive.  I've filled my home with things to do.  It's never easy though.  This is always how I picture it but sooner or later be it day 6 or day 26.....I'm certain this sounds very familiar...While I am confident I can beat this thing I know myself well enough at this point to be worried.  ..Anyways I have to admit after typing this it feels good to vent a little...Today I will not drink with you r/stopdrinking ..:)....Be strong friends :)..
----------immediate responses--------

I can so relate to this!..I get in a great mood and want to celebrate by drinking even though I know it will lead to regret shame guilt and general feelings of awfulness...The next time I'm going to tell myself outloud that alcohol is not the answer and if it that doesn't work I'm going to post here or read about addiction/alcohol until that thought passes...I am done giving into this cycle of sobriety/drinking...I will remain sober with you today...
Yes! That persuasive bastard... I know him very well... I was stuck in that cycle for a long time.. I finally had enough of it.... and set my ego aside and whatever other excuse I came up with asife...and went to a therapist. Best decision I have ever made. I traded my bartender therapist for a real one... I was amazed by how well the therapist knew the situation and how to work through them... we arent the first or last to go through this. If you really want to change it can happen. I personally was tired of the hungover weekends and lack of engagement. All i wanted to do was feed my vices. I wish you the best... i will not drink with you today..
All I can say to that is you are not alone. Stay strong and I will not drink with you.
Typing the words 'I will not drink today' helped me enormously in the early days. ..The other 2 main techniques were planning a sober activity for when witching hour comes and if Persuasive Pedro comes along play the tape forward as you've done above. We know that 'just one' really means a shit load.....I will not drink with you today.
It's good you can anticipate the problem times.  I have been using that more and more each time around.  And this time it's been one of the most telling signs. ..I've been able to strengthen resolve and make plans for these occasions.  ..I've used this forum a LOT during those times.  It's great for support. ..Some of the best suggestions I've had are: podcasts exercise video games work meetings (even though I don't go they might be useful for you/some people) ANYTHING else... lol..Highly recommend going back to read my few first posts.  I have been keeping a diary since day #1 and it might be a good refresher as to WHY it's a totally bad idea to drink lol..This post has some particularly good suggestions on it: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/56xa36/day_4_done_but_what_about_when_i_get_a_craving/..Be strong &amp; Stay sober.  It's worth the effort.  ..Imagine how proud you'll be in the morning! !..
I'm the same way.  My strategy has been to give myself something (unrelated to alcohol) to really look forward to on Friday night or Saturday morning.  Like this week I have plans to get up early Saturday morning and pop up to the bagel shop for a nice strong coffee and an everything bagel with cream cheese lox onions and capers.  I'll bring it back to my little sun room and kick back with a couple of crosswords.  ..I'm kind of a fuddy duddy though so just replace that with whatever sounds fun and a little indulgent to you ;)  The point is I've been looking forward to Saturday morning all week instead of looking towards a drink when I get out of work on Friday.
Thanks for the support everybody. It is invigorating to know I'm not alone in this...Like clockwork once I had about two hours to go in my shift that old voice started yammering away at me.  The walk home was a long one.  Relentless.  Was almost convinced to break but I made it.  Having you guys in the back of my mind helped get me here.   It's now night time and I'm well fed clean and working on a tune.   Tomorrow day 7...Thanks for not drinking with me today r/stopdrinking ..Keep your stick on the ice! ;).
