-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5az7vz/day_1_an_introduction_of_sorts_as_well/

Hi my name is Nicholas and I'm posting here because today November 3rd 2016 I've decided to stop drinking. I've been lurking for a while and decided that this community would be a great step in helping me achieve that...I'm a gay 21 year old man that lives in Canada. Unfortunately for me I fell heavy into binge drinking culture in University. My drinking habits got a lot worse than other people I know though. Wine is my main vice. I'd tell myself I can have one glass of wine a night but it got to a point where I felt I wouldn't be able to sleep properly unless I was drunk off a bottle. This was in 2014. Then it got to me needing two bottles of wine a night. One night I drank way too much Kraken got very drunk induced a panic attack and had the ambulance called (Fun.) -- I told myself I'd stop drinking because clearly that wasn't normal and ok and that lasted for about a month and a half. While I stopped drinking every night I would still drink every weekend and that's been a trend that's continued until now. I did start going to the gym more regularly after that episode so at least there's that out of it...Other choice stories include the time I got Monday drunk busted up my table which led to a major falling out with my roommates at the time. The time I was living in Scotland and got referred to as "The drunk Canadian" by most of my social circles. The time I got drunk took a 45 min cab just to have unprotected sex with two random people (Which ended up being a camshow that happened on Cam4 which still terrifies me) hanging with people that led me into doing cocaine/ecstasy... there's probably more stories that I honestly don't remember but enough is enough!..I recently had a talk with a psychiatrist because I thought I was having manic episodes and could possibly be bipolar. After a lengthy conversation she spelled it out to me that it's quite obvious that I have problems controlling my alcohol-- I'm never able to only have one drink I've tried to stop before and relapsed and I have wild mood swings which could be from withdrawal. She made the heavy suggestion at the time that I should stop drinking. The thought terrified me as it honestly still does right now (That's gotta be a sign of a problem!)... but reading how much happier everyone seems to be here it sounds right...My main concern moving forward into the future is how I'm going to navigate the gay community and events relating to because it's so saturated with alcohol compared to straight stuff but... only time will tell. I also have an actual Friday-Saturday weekend coming soon that I'm nervous about...I'm sorry to post so much but whenever I talk about this with my friends they don't really seem to understand that there's a problem. It's nice to have found a community that can understand that and just listen. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Nicholas. I'm glad you're joining us. I have a question about your date for today -- November 11. Are you planning to quit at a future date or am I having a blonde moment? :)
I'm glad you are here. ..I found that dry people dry places were important in the early days of not drinking. I still avoid places/situations where the primary activity is drinking alcohol. The choice now is largely because I find intoxicated people unpleasant to be around (for the most part). ..I will not drink with you today. 
I can identify with "worrying" about upcoming events...if you go in with the mindset that your not going to drink and have a plan in place it will increase your chances of success. If you need an excuse like your taking medication.. or your not feeling like drinking or you just dont want to drink.. you will leave yourself open for constant follow up requests...  it's natural to want to be included in the festivities... maybe you should skip those events until your on more solid ground.... I've been able to turn down the requests to drink and after each gathering/event I feel myself getting stronger... but remember it only takes 1 slip up... "1 beer... just 1 c'mon we are having a good time...chill out relax...." then as I used to say "I'm off to the races"... be prepared for the interrogations and remember most people dont really care if you drink or not... usually they are more concerned with what theybare doing..  but people who arent doing the same as them will stick out... don't let that trap you. Wish you the best!
