-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b0n06/job_performance_down_after_sobriety/

I work in sales (fine wine sales in particular which is kind of tough right now) and myself and three other co-workers got pretty scathing reviews today. I got such a bad anxiety attack that I got nauseous and lost my breakfast in the bathroom before going home early...The downturn for me coincides directly with when I stopped drinking. ..A lot of the job requires being peppy enthusiastic and focused on the clients - all things I'm struggling with immensely in sobriety. I'm in permanent existential crisis mode pinching myself to see if I'm real...I was hoping things would start getting back to normal some time soon but I feel like I'm losing my mind instead. 
----------immediate responses--------

It could be PAWs which is just another symptom of detox. It sucks but it passes 
I'm having that kind of day. Nothing crazy happened but I feel like I've had a dark cloud over me. I know I need to realize it's just adjusting to a stressful day without booze. I've been over thinking more usual than not so maybe it is PAWS. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
good info.  ty for sharing.
I'm not trying to be all preachy with this and solve your problem I just want share my experience...I quit drinking because I thought I had a drinking problem. I mean I do I wasn't able to handle my alcohol intake in anyway close to a healthy manner. But what I really had was a lot of anxiety and insecurity problems that I used alcohol to compensate....Getting sober gave me enough clarity to realize "hey I have a lot of issues I need to address because I can't cover them up with alcohol anymore now that I'm sober."...So I sought out counseling and have been working hard to address past insecurities and for the first time in my life truly learn how to be a peppy enthusiastic person while being mindful of tough stimuli and responding well. When I was drinking I created the illusion that I could be that guy but today I am finally becoming that type of person. ..Sobriety wasn't what I was expecting but my personal growth since I first attempted has been a very rewarding experience. Sales is a tough gig but I'm confident you can achieve success!.
A drink never made me better at anything. It lied to me that I was better but in reality I was just drunk.
I'm in a similar spot. I'm in sales and feel not just bad at my job but way out of place in it. Drinking seemed to help me be much more outgoing and enthusiastic and assertive. I know that all was fake but still. It turns out that sober me is too anxious and shy to make it work. Long-term that's okay it just means I'm in the wrong job. Short term is a huge problem because I own the damn business and am freaking out about how much of a mess the whole thing is. Drunk me spent every penny I had on a failing business that I'm not good at! What the hell drunk me! Sober me needs out but the path isn't clear. But at least I'm not poisoning myself. Best of luck to you. It sounds like a tough spot.
Maybe time to switch careers...  My performance plummeted after i quit drinking.   Not spending half the day trying to cover up my hangover gave me time to contemplate how much I hated my job.
Thanks for the responses...I'm definitely pondering a career change but I'm still having a lot of concentration and cognitive issues that I'm waiting to subside. I've got some goodwill built up where I am and they know I'm having personal problems with depression and anxiety and that I've stopped drinking. 
I felt off for the first 4 months. Not that it was miserable there were some good times and gradual noticeable improvement but it's a long haul- you're doing great...Also- in terms of peppy enthusiasm- finding that in sobriety is possible- there are seriously so many happy-assed people in AA it's enough to make you sick (and then want what they have) and I assume they are around everywhere in sobriety. Keep in mind  that you're relearning your pleasure centers and it'll take a while. Are you incorporating lots of endorphin-releasing activities into your life like exercise baths cooking good food and make-outs? They really help!
I'm in a similar boat. I have a highly paid but stressful job and this week I am learning just how much I relied on alcohol to carry me through the day. I genuinely did my job better when I drank. ..Monday was OK. Hard but I was rolling along on auto pilot. Tuesday it got much tougher and I reduced my workload a bit. Made a little less money by stopping a couple of hours earlier. Wednesday I just fell apart and made the minimum. I felt like an unoiled machine screeching and grinding through the motions physically and mentally drained after each job. Yesterday was similar. I actually felt slightly better yesterday but I worked less. I hope to get more done today. ..I have a few days off and then I am back at it next week for a nine day business trip. I have told myself that this is a temporary adjustment but part of me is afraid that I'll never have another week where I'm smashing it and making crazy money. 
