-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b3y0e/30_days_reflections/

Reflection and progress posts from people who have been sober for longer than me have been key in being able to get to this point so I figured now that I'm a 30 days I'd put my experiences out there in hopes that it is encouraging to others who are slogging through that first month...I have not had a drink in 30 days. In the past I've managed to go a full month here and there without drinking (always with the intention of it only being a month this is the first time I've tried to quite for good) but I've never done more than that.Now that I've made it I can either go back to my old ways or keep pushing forward through the one month block. I feel resolute and I plan to keep pushing through one day at a time...The first few weeks of this month were really really tough. I found that I was a lot more emotional than I was used to and in retrospect I think that was because I was feeling everything more intensely than I was used to. I felt exhausted and drained. Work has been stressful and I've got a situation with one of my friends that is very draining. I found that I cried a lot. I found that I was grumpy a lot. This was mostly weeks 2-3. During this period I had difficulty sleeping on and off as well. I never realized how much energy it could take to *not* do something! This was where SD was such a blessing and I'm so glad I was able to come here and read posts from everyone. You all helped me see that there was a light at the end of the tunnel and what I was going through was just a phase of sobering up. I was able to believe there were better things on the horizon and to keep going...Near the end of week 3 my emotions started to level off and not drinking didn't feel as much like a constant battle anymore. I think I've just gotten more used to experiencing my emotions more intensely. I've found that I'm more empathetic and I react to the emotions of others more than in the past. I've also been sleeping really really well the last week or so. I've been better able to go to bed at a reasonable hour and wake up at a reasonable hour. This is a huge thing for me since I'm a notoriously bad morning person and am almost always late for work because I can't get up on time. This has contributed to a lot of self hate in the past so being able to get up early and get to work on time has been huge for my self love...As far as health and fitness go I've always been a very active person and I exercise regularly. Part of my wanting to quit drinking comes from wanting to get more out of my workouts and perform better at the sports I love (roller derby mostly). I don't particularly feel like not drinking has affected my derby game but I'm more motivated to cross train. I've been running a bit here and there and have been blown away by how much further I am able to run now that I'm not drinking. Before I struggled with 2 miles at a time now I'm finding that at the end of 3.5 miles I feel like I could keep going if only my shins would allow it. I don't know if I've lost weight (I don't believe in measuring health by a number on a scale) but I feel like my tummy fat is less thick and permanent then it used to be. I look the same size but I feel lighter and healthier and that's what really matters to me...I do worry a lot about relapse especially now that I've hit this one month mark that I've never gone past before. I wonder if I can moderate. I fantasize about having just one drink at a party getting a small buzz on and then stopping. I'm getting married next year and I wonder what I'll do at the wedding. I wonder if I'll still be going strong in my sobriety but relapse at the wedding or right before. I wonder how I'll get through the stresses of wedding planning without drinking. I worry that I'll have already relapsed and will spend my wedding black out drunk making a fool of myself. I'd like to be able to just have one or two drinks at my wedding and stop and then go back to not drinking afterwards but I don't know if that's possible. Right now I know I need to take it one day at a time and push these thoughts out of my mind but it's certainly a struggle. If I can forgo one drink (the first drink) every day it will be my wedding date before I know it...All in all though I'm really happy with my journey so far. I feel good. Really good. Being sober allows me to think more clearly and I've spent a lot more time in self reflection and thinking about how I can be the person I want to be. Knowing that I've been able to not drink for this long has given me confidence in my own ability to actually make changes for the better. I feel like maybe I actually can be the person I've always wanted to be. If I made it through my first work trip without drinking I can do anything!..SD has seriously been the most amazing source of support for this last month and I know that I'll continue to need it in the months to come. I will try to check in every day and read and respond to others posts...Today I will not drink no matter what happens.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats ... stay the course 
these are great things...i think as you continue you will realize that it is quite possible to celebrate without alcohol and the worries you have about your wedding will dissipate...best of luck to you. i will not drink with you today.
good job!
Thank you for posting. You're right it is encouraging. And congratulations on the upcoming wedding!
