-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5b6qnf/what_kind_of_person_do_you_want_to_be/

Here I am on a friday night feeling like I'm missing out. Thinking about how nice it would to be to have a bottle of wine just for me... The voices in my head telling me I could try to moderate (but other voices remind me that even if I tried moderation doesn't make me happy. The desire remains and sooner or later a binge is happening). Or I could postpone this sobriety thing. But enough of that. I'm tired of relapses...I ask myself questions to remind me of how important my sobriety is:..What kind of christmas do want to have? Do want to be present and enjoy the company of your family or do you want to be constantly thinking about your next drink and smoke? What kind of new year's eve do you want to have (same as last year? drinking alone and end up crying and feeling sorry for yourself?) .What kind of mother do you want to be one day?..All the plans I'm making are now more real. I have hope. I truly believe I can accomplish my dreams (or at least some of them) instead of spending my days in a stupor. And I really want to believe as I've read here that sobriety delievers all that alcohol promised...I'm just in the beginning of the journey. It's hard you all know that. But as I've learned here it's well worth it...Let's not drink and have a wonderful weekend.   
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like some solid plans!..
Well said! Just gone midnight so I just put down my 5th day but this will be my first weekend since I gave alcohol the old right there fred so I'm expecting things to get a bit tougher over the next few days but like you I'm trying to focus on the positives the goals I'm aiming for and the reasons I quit so I won't be drinking with you this weekend! Enjoy!
The kind of person I want to be is incompatible with me drinking. So far I'm about 100 times happier and healthier than I was last year. Keep up the good work!
I won't drink with you today. I too am looking forward to a sober deeply fulfilling Christmas season. A year of firsts!
I hear ya everyone is at the local bar I stayed home. Had a little pity party for a bit but realize this is a better decision. I will feel better tomorrow I will not have spent all my money tonight. Must keep that on mind 
Even still I'll do similar: where would I be now if I hadn't gotten sober?  ..Keep it up!
Struck me as quite powerful. What Christmas do I want to have? It's been years that I actually play a role in it that doesn't include dread and obligatory behavior. Thank you for your post. 
Thanks for the insightful post. I've had a few sneaky thoughts popping up so this post really came at the right time for me. I'm gonna reflect on those questions tonight x I wasn't drinking last Christmas/NYE (had a few months then drank again for a few months before this last run) but I wasn't really active in my recovery like I am this time around - I'm really looking forward to enjoying the holidays and being present for all those joyous times :) and lately I have been feeling like exactly the kind of mom I want to be... It makes me smile just typing that and is exactly what I need to be focused on when those intrusive thoughts come. Thank you so much for this post. 
