-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bknqb/ill_have_to_reset_my_badge/

I didn't fall off the wagon hard or anything. I had about 130 days under my belt and was not convinced I couldn't have alcohol. Maybe I'm still not convinced. Anyway we had some friends in town and I decided I would drink a little beer. ..On Friday I had two beers. Saturday a beer and a half. Earlier tonight one beer. I didn't get drunk; I didn't want to drink more than I drank; it didn't make me feel triggered or send me into a pit of despair. If I'm being honest it was all very harmless. ..However I am already stressing again about moderation. If I keep drinking what are the "rules"? And I know myself well enough to know that there are two possible ways it can go. One: I will bend the rules until I am drinking regularly again gaining all the weight back that I lost and then some. Or Two: I follow the rules but spend an insane amount of time thinking about them. ..That was always the biggest drawback of drinking for me: Toiling day in and day out about how to moderate. Because there are no actual rules to moderation and if you have to toil over how to moderate at all it's not really worth it. ..I'm not down on myself. I am not viewing this as a relapse or a failure and I certainly didn't put myself or anyone else in danger. I know that this is just a part of my journey and my four+ months of non-drinking hasn't been wiped away. It's still there and I'm proud as fuck of it. It's just followed by three days of drinking about five beers total which means tomorrow is a new day 1 of my days in a row. ..I also remembered that beer is fine. Not amazing just pretty good. But so is La Croix and cranberry juice and coffee. So I wasn't really missing out and I will be just fine without it. I didn't take a sip and shudder with delight and think "FINALLY!" I tasted it and thought "That's fine." I guess I needed a reminder of how boring and stupid it is to waste time thinking about moderation when instead I can think about a million other things. ..My plan going forward is to re-read Naked Mind and try and post here more often. I'll send a badge reset request and reset my Nomo app. Probably I should read another good book to help me because reading the books helps a lot. Anyone got any recommendations? ..I don't know what else I should be doing aside from being honest with myself honest with you all and loving myself instead of beating myself up. This is a great sub and it's helped me tremendously. These months of sobriety (and really including this weekend) have been terrific and I want to keep that goodness going. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I think honesty to myself is everything I choose not to drink because I don't want to do another day 1 and truthfully if getting drunk is not the goal I don't really want to have just a glass I would rather stay sober and keep the number count up it means abig deal to me.  But if I were you and you plan on staying sober I don't think the 5 beer break is the end of the world I think it is a reminder that alcohol is not really all that much fun! And moderation is just waaayyyyy too much work.  I found I drank for a multitude of reasons that I used alcohol to hide from my feelings and that I escaped fro my life I don't think I was addicted to the product I think I was addicted to the escape the routine the feeling of me time that bizarrely enough was killing me slowly. I am glad you want to stay sober going forward...I do too
Wow this is exactly like me! I did the same thing after 4 months not drinking but then I "moderated" for 6 months.  Some ok some sucked.   Now I'm back to 4 months no drink.  Good reminder. I can go back to drinking and nothing bad happens... at first but then it's like oh shit I want to drink everyday.  Thanks for sharing.  
When I try to moderate it turns more into binge drinking. You did better but as you stated it is stressful. If I assigned certain days of the week as "okay" days to drink I would definitely get seriously buzzed or drunk on one of them. I am an alcoholic.  There is a hunger in me for drink once I start.
When I controlled it I didn't enjoy it and when I enjoyed it I couldn't control it...For me I don't really see the point in having one beer. It might as well be a soda water. The key difference between the two is peace of mind which spills into other areas of life and why this post is an excellent reminder for me to follow Rule Number One...Thank you for posting. I'll not drink with you today.
Thanks for saying all that.  It's a potent reminder of how it is for some of us.
I know that moderation is not for me because like you I would spend too much time thinking and obsessing about how much I could drink and eventually I will push the boundaries and see how much I can get away with drinking without anyone knowing how drunk I am. Then I lose control...1 or 2 beers in one night doesn't sound fun to me. I prefer to stay sober today.
