-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bn77m/helped_by_one_of_the_secret_masses_job_edition/

At the beginning of August after about 7 years of serious drunk daily alcoholism I decided the time had come and was terrified of seizures so I did inpatient detox and went on my merry way for about 45 days. Cue the very standard 'Whats one drink?' to month long bender relapse. Last week I miraculously managed to taper for 2 days then cut the chord just in time for my shift cooking at a busy restaurant for the weekend. I could already feel the WD's tingling away and still afraid of seizures but one simply does not call out of their shift unless physically incapable - and I was on the fence about that last part. I felt shitty and embarrassed and anxious and afraid of just passing out on the line but determined to work and come up with a compromise. So I just walk up to Chef and say "I'm and alcoholic and just quit again so I might be a POS if I go down don't let me die in the kitchen. You have to drag me outside." He doesn't bat an eye says he goes to AA if I want him to take me sometime. Chef gives me a bro hug and walks off. He checks on me through the night. It was such a relief to get it off my chest keeping a semblance of my pride by working/not letting my team down and an anxiety check knowing that if something medically serious did happen someone knows what's up. My weekend was pretty terrible physically but I did it and was actually decent at my job. Thanks to everyone here and supportive people lurking around everywhere and thanks Chef!
----------immediate responses--------

i f'ing love stories of how alcoholics find recovery in the most unbelievably surprising ways.  like this girl in my home group.  she went on a yoga retreat with a suitcase packed full of jack daniels.  turns out the yoga instructor was sober in aa.  she shared her experience strength and hope with my friend.  my friend is now 3 years sober.  
[deleted]
Great work in owning your current situation.  Very courageous.
Way to go and I was going to say "Thanks Chef" before I even got to the end of your post. I'm guessing he had an idea of your situation so your move paid off. I know I can now detect this with some of my colleagues that I could not before. Glad you made it through your shift. Best wishes.
Love your story not drinking with you :)
That's wonderful! I shall also not drink with you today.
[deleted]
Nice work!
It's no coincidence that Chef is in recovery...no coincidences only miracles. The universe has a grand plan and this was part of it. ..This. Is. Awesome. I'm so glad you were brave enough to tell him. Stay strong! 
