-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5box3m/i_think_im_getting_hit_with_the_paws_or_maybe_its/

My anxiety has skyrocketed and my motivation has plummeted. I am struggling badly to keep up with everything i need to do and if I sit down after work I can't seem to get up again for the rest of the day. I had to leave work early one day last week because my anxiety was so bad I could barely think. I'm going back to my doctor on Wednesday...I'm American so you already know why this is a trying week for me. To top that off my birthday is Thursday. I have not had a sober birthday since I can remember. I also hate my birthday it serves as nothing to me but a reminder of my eventual demise forfeited dreams and lack of social cohesion. My mother is insisting on taking me to dinner. I'm turning 26 and the only people who will be there for me through it are my parents. I feel pathetic...I'm just kind of feeling negative and badly about myself and the world around me so I'm posting to keep myself accountable because I don't feel very far at all from the scary "fuck it" territory today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm there with you friend. My anxiety is through the roof as well...super frustrating since the first few weeks of sobriety were pretty smooth. I had to leave work early on Friday and spent all of yesterday in bed alone freaking out avoiding the world because of my anxiety...But you know that drinking doesn't fix anything. And if you're like me one night of drinking will turn in to many many more. I'm hoping strength for you. I won't drink with you.
I feel your pain I had a big birthday recently and I can't stand them.  Try to remember having a drink will just make your anxiety worse afterward along with likely introducing a whole host of other problems.  Don't lose traction on your 36 days go for a walk or meditate or watch a funny show to try and soothe your nerves.  Quitting drinking at 26 is responsible and wise and the furthest thing from pathetic.  Just get through today and tackle tomorrow later I will not drink with you.
Happy early Birthday I hope it defies your expectations in the best way possible. :-)
Hey fellow American here very anxious and more sensitive than ever over the past week. I think for me it's a combo of everything - elections seasonal changes school and work responsibilities etc. we can make it through this though. I won't drink with you tonight - and I *especially* won't drink with you tomorrow     
This is almost exactly what I went through about two weeks ago. I actually began fighting it last Tuesday by starting to work on my "forfeited dream" as you put it. I put that in quotes because it was on my NYE list four years running (and the only other item was "Get your drinking under control" haha) but I've been able to actually do something related to it every single day for 7 days in a row now so I guess it's more of a goal now (as opposed to something that would never happen). I'm 29 and had if I had the smarts to stop at 26 I would've definitely completed that goal and then some by now. ..I guess I just wanted to say that I hope your dreams don't stay forfeited. They could even be the key to help you out of this. ..Good luck out there today.
