-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bs38s/whats_your_sober_strategy_for_getting_through_the/

Hey sobernauts ..It'll be fairly difficult to escape the elections today! When faced with potentially challenging situations I like to come up with one or more **sober strategies** to help me manage and cope better. It often helps me to get ideas and inspiration from how others are facing a situation and the sobernauts on this subreddit are a great source of this for me. ..I'm hoping we can do something similar for coping through the elections: This thread is a place to **share your struggles and worries how you plan to deal with them and please ask for help or feedback if you're stuck.** Maybe today's just a normal day for you either way how are you planning to spend today?..Just to make you aware we're hoping to keep general election chat off this subreddit keeping the focus on recovery. **If you would like to discuss the election more generally and connect with others in real time feel free to join in the [IRC discussion at the #stopdrinkingsocial channel](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinkingsocial) for friendly banter about the election and staying sober!**
----------immediate responses--------

Mine is pretty straightforward: I'll be asleep since the results will be known at around 5am my time :D
I'm using it as an excuse to eat junk food! Pizza ice cream brownies. Oh and I'm going to get breakfast at Starbucks that's always a nice treat. Who needs alcohol when you have your daily intake of sugar in one coffee!?
It's a day like any other. I'm happy to join you good people in not drinking today! 
I was surprisingly dismayed by a massive vote in the UK some time ago. Just despondent for a few days. So I am bracing for a similar reaction tomorrow morning. I have to drive to Scotland with a colleague. I can vent to her. But I will avoid social media if it goes the wrong way. I am American living abroad and I have family/home town acquaintances with the "wrong" views. ..More likely to be an issue is that clients will be wanting to talk to me about it. If it's the wrong result I am going to be very proactive in letting them know that the topic is off limits. Will be awkward for them but I am not going to let that bother me. 
Realize that the overall outcome is beyond my control therefore there isn't any reason to worry about the whole process.
Here in the UK I'm watching from the sidelines with baited breath.....All I can say on an election strategy is: vote. Regardless of who you vote for or maybe you feel your vote doesn't count. It does...Besides that the sober strategy is Rule Number One: Do not pick up the first one...See you on the other side.
My hole family is getting together which always means a shitton of alcohol. Beer wine and themed drinks so it's gonna be hard. I'm gonna just take it one hour at the time. Focus on staying sober just one hour. And then one more. and one more. I hope its gonna work for me to just focus on a short amount of time. ..... and eat great food and drink fancy soft drinks too ;).I hope we all make it!.
Going to vote... rent a movie and sleep until it is over---rest up to brace myself for another day..
[removed]
Today well I'll vote. My state is not a leaning state. So no angst there. And truthfully whoever wins I'll be upset. It will be an equal opportunity mind meld. So I'll go upstairs and do some work on a landscape painting I'm working on. I will definitely not drink. Need a clear head for the days to come.
Easy. Turning off the tv and staying off internet and phone. Heading out to gym. Reading a book in bed. Bedtime. At least that's what I'm gonna do. ;)
We have new couches coming in today so at least we'll have comfy seats to watch this fiasco. My plan is to alternate between Skyrim and election results and try to avoid arguments with the SO over both those things :) 
Woke up with butterflies! So excited to go vote. I have a "Voted Like a Motherfu*ker" button ready to pin to my jacket lapel. ..I'm going swimming first to relieve some of the anxiety. My venue is sold out for our watch party tonight so I'll be spending the day pulling out the red carpet blowing up balloons and getting the space spiffy..
I already feel sick to my stomach and I just woke up. The thought of drinking amplifies wanting to throw up and pass out by 100. PASS...I can't control the outcome; I need to self care to moderate my physical anxiety; drinking will make every negative feeling so much worse and won't change the outcome...Politics never helped me be sober or not so it isn't threatening my sobriety today...Drinking lots of tea with you all.
I'm going to a restorative yoga class tonight to clear my head. The bigger question for me I think is what I'm going to do for myself tomorrow after all hell is bound to let loose after any poll result 
I voted &amp; feel gross about the whole thing. This should have been a positive &amp; hopeful experience for our future  by I feel like a need a shower lol. ..Now to gym shower &amp; AA so I don't dwell on the future &amp; what I cannot change
The same thing we do every day Pinky... (it's simple but not easy. Although more often than not it's also easy!)
I'm going to go vote hit the gym ride my horse and shower. Then I'm going to eat the chicken paprika that I actually making! Yesterday I was eating beans out of the can. For my evening distraction I'm pulling out my clay and beating the daylights out of it until it is soft and make weird little Medusa salespersons. Not too much effort into the art I may need to smash them at some point.
No matter who wins on November 8th I am going to wake up on November 9th and go to work.  When Bush Jr won the world did not explode.  Obama's victory did not cause cosmic destruction.  Trump or Hillary winning leads to the same thing:  tomorrow.
Today I woke up at my boyfriend's house next to this amazing guy who is a totally normal/social drinker but is REALLY interested in &amp; awesomely supportive of my sobriety. I'll go home in a few hours try for a short ride -hand surgery last week makes that tough but if I don't ride soon I'm going to go a little crazy. Get some writing done for my freelance job start considering climbing plans for later on in the winter and nap with my cat. I'll hit a meeting later and then my roommate and I are going to a local watering hole to watch the last bits of the madness. She drinks (like 1 MAYBE 2; she's like paranormal with alcohol) so I'll drive. Election time was no different than any other time during my drinking life: I was drunk round the clock and constantly needing more. So it stands to reason that it won't be any different from any other day in my sober life. I'm reminded of what my sponsor said to me when I was going to a big drinking-heavy concert early on in sobriety...look for ways to be of service. If I can help someone else I will. Not going to show up at Avo's with big book blazing or anything but I'll try to see if there is anyone else who maybe needs a safe ride home or something along those lines. And then bed and sleep and Wednesday!! ..The things I get to do today were things I didn't have access to during my drinking days. I've known my awesome boyfriend for years but it's only been over the past few months that we've gotten serious about each other. I go rock climbing cycling I have a job as a freelancer which is my passion as well as two other jobs which I only have because I am sober and trustworthy and I love all of the work I get to do. I'm networked into a loving beautiful community in AA with so many incredible women I can call anytime if I need help. Life is good. I'm going to keep it that way. 600+ days...and I am so grateful for every one...
Canadian here: wishing my American friends some peace and serenity today. Whatever happens you're a resilient lot and will make it work.
I voted early by mail about two weeks ago. After work I'm going to yoga and then the climbing gym. I'm hoping by the time I get home it will all be over and I'll be too tired to care. 
I'm accepting that whoever people vote for the vast majority of people probably have good intentions.  I probably have more in common with them than I have differences..."We're all just walking each other home".-Ram Dass
My strategy is to go to an election party then eat like shit. Can't wait. 
I was planning on starting a calorie counting regimen today but I decided that that is unrealistic given the circumstances. Not drinking today am eating lots of chocolate today! 
Today is a double challenge for me because before the election watching begins I'm meeting up with my mom for her birthday celebration and since we're meeting early she of course suggested we get a drink. I agreed since bars aren't a big trigger for me and at some point I pointed out that I don't care where we go since I won't be drinking. I think she seemed a little disappointed but even if I wasn't sober (which I've done so off-and-on that at this point she just assumes I'm a rare drinker which I'm fine with) she knows I'm driving and I had a strict no drinking and driving policy so I don't know what she expected. Anyway we have a great relationship so I'm not worried about feeling pressured or anything but it just means I'll be at bars and restaurants for a large part of the day. But planning to watch the election with my pub quiz group which is a safe space for me (the waitress brings me a Diet Coke automatically they are so used to me being sober and most competitors don't drink). Plus I'm driving which means even if I were tempted I couldn't drink anyway. This has been key for me since I used to get a ride from a friend and then I had no reason not to drink so now I drive anytime I socialize. Anyway looking forward to the election results!
today is my birthday which adds another layer to this already emotional experience. I'm feeling excited and nervous and hopeful and barfy. my plan for today is to eat whatever the hell I want do an occasional meditation on my Buddify app and connect with my friends and family. I opted out of a fancy birthday dinner because I'd be so preoccupied with the election! more like Netflix and takeout with my husband. ..hope everyone can find their island of peace and sanity today :) sober on! 
I remind myself that drinking alcohol will not improve my world in any way. Sobriety is the only way forward for me. I embrace it here with you all today.
It's just a normal day and I don't think the President is going to destroy the country or anything. That's  why there's checks and balances. ..I'm going to hang out on the couch with my puppy and older dog and watch the results come in. I'll be chugging some water out of my Yeti rambler I got that keeps drinks insanely cold. No clue that thing would be so awesome. 
Just another day for me. Not going to drink. My wife and I both voted for the same person and I'm avoiding facebook. After I put the kids to bed I'll probably watch CNN or something intermittently. Maybe I'll throw on a movie.
I voted with joy this morning and spent the rest of the day in sheer gratitude that I live in a country where people will peacefully line up for half an hour before going to work.  ..Still grateful.  Still sober. 
I bought a selection of soda that I'm stress-chugging. Currently I'm on my third diet cherry coke. Gonna switch to grapefruit lacroix soon-- maybe put it in a fancy glass!
[removed]
I'm actually having a seriously hard time right now. I am feeling so fucking freaked out. Going to be with friends who will most definitely be drinking (everyone I know is tonight). Fuck this is hard.
I still have no desire to drink but fuck!! I'm starting to feel sick to my stomach.
i had no strategy but as the night goes on and more and more people are talking about getting drunk wishing they were drunk or posting that they are drunk.. i'm feeling very edgy and angry. and even jealous. ..i hope everyone else here is doing okay and getting through without that crutch.
I was going to go out to watch the election but realized that I wouldn't be able to go much of anywhere while being able to resist getting a few drinks (especially with the tension)...So now I've been watching coverage from home and frankly I'm glad that I'm able to see it all without dulled senses. It's crushing seeing what's happening in my home state but also motivating to push for my candidates harder next time since I don't want to feel this way again in 2/4 years.
Distracting myself until the liquor store is closed and I couldn't do anything about it.
