-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5btl3y/i_havent_had_a_drink_in_over_four_years_butthis/

I'm still struggling to accept this so I figured I would talk about it here. I'll give you a little insight into my story then try to get to the point. ..In July of 2012 I was arrested for my third (yes THIRD) DUI. You think I would have learned from my first two but hey I'm an alcoholic I need to learn my lessons multiple times over just to make sure I REALLY learn them. In any event I hit a curb that night blew both my front tires broke my front axle and knocked a parking sign clear over. Not a day goes by that I don't think about how easily that could have been a person. How lucky I am that it wasn't a person. See the way I drank I would have killed someone else long before my drinking would have killed me. And hurting someone else like that to me is a fate worse than death.  ..I was a binge drinker. I didn't drink every day or even every week but when I did drink there was no off switch. I drank initially because I liked the effects alcohol produced but by the end of my drinking career I drank to get wasted and I never knew what would happen when I started. The truth of the matter is I was suffering from the dis-ease of alcoholism long before I picked up my first drink. ..From a very early age I never felt good enough. I never felt smart enough pretty enough thin enough...just not good enough. I never felt comfortable in my own skin. I desperately wanted to be "a part of" and just never felt like I fit in or accepted even in my own family. I always felt left out like I didn't belong anywhere like the whole world was a snow globe and I was on the outside looking in knocking trying to find my way in and i just couldn't seem to make my way in. I had a lot of friends was always very involved in school was very outgoing but inside I was terrified that you didn't like me that I wasn't good enough and you would eventually find that out. I compared my insides to everyone else's outsides and their perfect lives and wondering what was so wrong with me? Why was I so bad? Why couldn't I just feel ok??..Fast forward through high school and college. I discovered alcohol helped ease these feelings of anxiety and insecurities. I didn't know what it was doing for me at the time but looking back and knowing what I know about the disease this is what it did for me and this is how I coped.  It loosened me up helped me to feel a part of and helped me not to care what people thought of me. People wanted to be my friend! I was the fun party girl that everyone wanted around because I was a hell of a lot of fun at a party or a bar. I didn't really think it was a problem then because hey all my friends drank like I did so we couldn't ALL be alcoholics right? But many bad things happened. There is a lot of trauma in my story as well and rather give all the gory details and possibly trigger any victims of abuse or rape just know terrible horrible things happened to me which only caused my drinking to get worse. I should also add there was a lot of drug use also mostly drugs to keep the party going and to allow me to keep drinking.  By the end of it all I was so wrapped up in myself my insecurities and my alcoholism that I was arrested for my third DUI as I explained earlier. After a stint in rehab and many miracles a long the way I was finally able to recognize the problem and stop drinking. I haven't had the desire to pick up since which I can only attribute as a gift from a power greater than myself. ..July 14 2012 was my last drink. It was relative easy for me to quit. I was so distraught over what my life had become the problems I had caused for myself and how scared I was that I was honestly contemplating ways to end my life and I never want to feel like that again.  I had a slight relapse on some drugs (no not a drink but a relapse none the less) On November 7 20212. So I was honest told my sponsor and started my day count over again. I was clean and sober up until August 20 of this year. I was at a concert (I have become a concert photographer in sobriety once of the many gifts sobriety has given me) and someone passed me a joint. I thought nothing of it and pulled two hits off of it. Worst. Idea. Ever. It instantly sent me into a panic attack made me SUPER anxious and paranoid and I immediately had to leave. If anything it was a lesson that quite obviously I can't smoke pot like I used to. My body rejected it. ..Some may not consider weed a relapse and at first my sponsor didn't either I guess because it was a one time thing I didn't go back out ripping and running it wasn't booze and I had no intentions on going back out again. Then the guilt got the better of her then me so I subsequently raised my hand in a meeting that I was coming back with (at the time) 60 days...Now here I am. Today should have been four years of continued sobriety from all mood and mind altering substances. Instead I'm celebrating 90 days this month at my homegroup AA meeting on the 20th. I'm having a hard time accepting this. I know it's the right thing to do as I vigorously try to work the most honest program of recovery that I can. But it hasn't been easy. I keep beating myself up for it and I'm really trying to let it go but man "what the fuck I'm an idiot" keeps replaying over and over again in my head. I'm an alcoholic after all so me stuck alone in my head is the worst place for me to be. I don't even know if I want to get up there in front of everyone and celebrate. I feel like I'm celebrating the relapse even though my sponsor says it's not true. ..I will end this by saying this for anyone else struggling: The second I got brutally honest with myself my sponsor and my network AMAZING things started happening again. I got word that I was getting my license back a year early. So after four years (which should have been five) I am a licensed driver again. I met a really great guy who is also sober who is a total sweetheart (and disgustingly good looking) who is super in to me which rarely happens...somehow the douchebags flock to me. I went on an interview for a really great job yesterday that went really well that I'm hoping to get. All these great things have been happening which I can only attribute to god working his magic for me. Is it ODD or is it GOD? AA has taught me that it's no coincidence that these things have happened since I got honest...no coincidences only miracles. ..It's amazing what happens when  I get honest and when I'm doing the right thing. Sobriety is amazing and even though I make mistakes no one is perfect. It's the progress that counts. I am no longer than scared little girl anymore wondering what was wrong with me desperately trying to fit in. I've never felt more confident or self worth in my life. I finally feel a part of all because I decided to get sober. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is a really powerful post!  I hope everyone takes the time to read it through and digest it.  Thank you so much for taking the time to write it...I know I benefitted from it!  Congrats on your time thus far.
Powerful indeed! Thank you for sharing.
[deleted]
Great post! Thank you for sharing this today it helps. 
Thank you for sharing your very powerful and inspiring story.  You should be proud of being so honest with yourself and holding yourself accountable.  
Wow...I appreciate you taking the time to share this.  I know for me without a doubt weed would put me right back where I was in 1993....Over the years it's been offered to me and available yet I always think back to where I was and what happened. ...I wish you contented and continued sobriety one day at a time .
I appreciate your post.  People frequently post here after inadvertently taking a sip of alcohol or consciously choosing a toke or whatever wanting advice as to whether that was a relapse.  I know that *it is up to me* to determine what my relapse is.  *My* sobriety is based on *my* relationship to *alcohol.* Accidentally taking a swig of someone else's spiked punch (and promptly spitting it out) did not constitute a relapse for me. I don't particularly care for other substances like pot but they've never been an issue for me like alcohol so if I were to take a toke I wouldn't necessarily see it as a relapse...**unless I was using it in a similar way to how I now acknowledge I used alcohol** say to *consciously* separate/deaden my (emotional) experience or to avoid the reality of something going on in my life.  *That* would clearly be a relapse for me.
Coincidence?  Odd or God?  I don't know...but to quote Thomas Jefferson here on US election day: "I am a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it."..Congratulations! and I definitely know that scared little kid feeling...now much better as my confidence has risen with my days of sobriety. Great share. Best wishes.
Thank you for your post! Very inspiring. I do have a question and maybe it seems like a no brainer to some people but not me: if you don't mind my asking what do you mean by when you got honest? Honest about your sobriety with other people? Honest about everyday life? Honesty is something I struggle with even though it's such a simple concept. Any insight you have on that I would greatly appreciate. Congrats on 90 days! :)
Thank you for sharing! I know that it makes it harder when we beat ourselves over the head for things like this and it doesn't change what you accomplished. I know I would be doing the same thing though. Indeed I changed my badge when I realized I had been using weed to fill the void left by alcohol and felt like I had to redo sobriety all over again. In my case though I really hadn't understood sobriety like I thought I did and the badge change reflects when I started 'getting it'. ..I sometimes have dreams where I reflexively take a rip off of a j or things of that nature then it dawns on me in my dream what I just did and I feel real remorse and ask "Why the f*%# did I just do that?" ..It feels like throwing away what I worked so hard for. I have heard that every time someone goes out it makes it harder for them to stay in I imagine this remorse is a big part of the reason why. I'm thankful that I have these dreams every once in a while so I can wake up and breathe and realize I don't have to experience that in real life to know what it will do for me. ..I'm sorry things went the way they did I'm glad you are staying honest with your approach and I hope a bit more time will take away some of the sting. I find that even though it can be hard it is best to let go of the guilt once I have done what is in my power to do about it. It seems like you have a lot of gifts in sobriety I hope you don't let one slip distance you from feeling those gifts and appreciating them for what they are for people like us: miracles...Thank you again and have a wonderful day!
Got tears in my eyes at my desk reading this. Thanks for sharing very strong stuff.
Take it one day at a time and try not to obsess over the day/year count. One day at a time.
Congrats! When I think of your story about your days counted &amp; the weed it makes me think of how maybe a badge can not just be indicative of total days but perhaps indicative of phases.  I.e. you are 90 days into your second phase or stage of sobriety (sort of like the Tour De France with multiple stages!).  From where I sit all of what you wrote represents accomplishment to be proud of! ..Much of what you write resonates with me (abuse/douchebags/self-esteem issues) - you took control of the situation &amp; turned it around - Congratulations!!! 
Loved reading this. .It's really inspiring to me that you smoked weed but then restarted your days. .I had about 2.5 years sober and relapsed and haven't been able to get a real handle on it yet. It inspires me to see you can do it. I can do it. I gotta throw myself in to it again.
Thanks for sharing and congratulations on all the great things in your life.
Thanks so much for your post it really touched me. Every bit of inspiration I get is really helping me stay sober right now good luck on your journey!
