-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5btvvq/fell_down_despite_my_effort/

Yesterday I was feeling particularly sad and lonely about my last relationship ending and I made the mistake of trying to treat it by going to the store and buying some tall boys. Apparently I combined them with some ambien and ended up asleep in my bathtub so my father and sister had to carry me back to my bed to sleep. I have no memory of this. I had been sober for 2 weeks happily but the feelings of regret lonliness shame depression and anger about the way I treated my former girlfriend had finally overtook me. My family tries to understand but I don't think they quite comprehend the absolute emptiness that has come from losing the woman that has meant the world to me. Alcohol has stolen so many great things from me yet somehow it always calls me back for more. I need to become responsible for my actions.  Sometimes I feel like this addiction is too much to handle so I think about dying. My medications help a little bit but the isolation that my alcoholism has caused me has hurt me the most. ..I'm searching for some depression/relapse support. Please help...-Marshall.
----------immediate responses--------

Marshall ..You are human and you a grieving. When we are grieving we turn to the familiar for comfort. For us that's booze. Even though we know it's not comfort but the very thing that hurts us. For me I think I dont love myself enough to feel "worthy" of sobriety. I hurt myself with wine to try to ease the pain in my life. Once I sober up the problems are still all there but I get to add shame and guilt on top too. Sending you a cyber hug and hoping that you can be strong just today and not drink with me. 
I have found that counseling is very helpful in my fight with alcoholism and addiction.  It really helps me to talk through the emotions I previously drowned out with alcohol.  I've learned that - for me - feeling emotions (even the bad ones) is an important part of being.  ..We all fall down.  We all get up.  You do not have to be alone in your struggle.  
I know this feeling of wanting help so badly and feeling so desperately stuck or so far away from the help you want...This can and will get better as you keep taking it a day at a time.  I don't want to venture into medical advice but talk to a counselor if you can it may help just to express the overwhelming feelings you're having.  Maybe try to take the day one moment at a time eventually the day is complete when we approach it that way. :-)..Alcohol can be insidious it lies it offers and promises things it can never deliver and it can leave me feeling depleted beyond desperate and just miserably awful! It skews my perceptions and makes everything feel "more" than it it is...Please be safe in your work for sobriety (ie: if you need to taper etc).  I am so sorry for the loss of your relationship you will feel better about that the one good thing about our feelings is that they are transitory temporary...Keep coming here there is so much experience in life and with alcohol..and with sobriety! There's also a lot of encouragement a lot of love a lot of genuine concern...What can we do to help you get through today?
It seems that the combination of ambien with alcohol can be plain scary if not deadly at times.  I am glad you did not injure yourself or drown. 
