-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5bxidy/fomo_for_younger_drinkers_and_suggestions_on_how/

I'm 28 I live in the heart of a city with a very Millennial-heavy bar scene and this has been one of the hardest things for me in terms of trying to avoid binge drinking. I get invited out to bars on the weekend by friends and I don't want to seem antisocial. I'm not quite ready to tell most of my friends that I have a problem so I don't want to appear like I'm avoiding it either. I know if I go out I won't have the willpower not to drink and/or people will pressure me/think I'm weird if I try not to. I've had that happen so many times in the past even when I *am* drinking -- "I can tell you're not drunk yet you don't look like you're having fun" is literally what I have heard numerous times because I'm just not as outgoing and lively until I'm relatively hammered...All of this is complete addict mental bullshit I realize. If I'm going to go out then I have the power to say no and nobody should be able to pressure me. I make my own choices. ..But it's very much something I have yet to gain control over and when Friday or Saturday rolls around and I see crowds of people my age going out and I see groups of girls walking by my apartment building on their way to the bar (I'm single which makes it tougher since it's pretty much the major way to meet other single girls) it gets really hard for me to not only avoid the temptation but to then come up with reasonable excuses to those who are trying to get me to come out -- until I'm at the point where i can just acknowledge it publicly to everyone I know which I think i'm not anywhere near comfortable enough with yet i'm just not really sure how to avoid the "FOMO" sensation and the peer pressure from social circles...How do other people around my age who struggle with binge drinking learn to control these impulses and the subsequent weird self-guilt involved with not going out? The guilt of the hangover is so much worse and yet the whole "Fear of Missing Out" sensation is something that always tends to trip me up.
----------immediate responses--------

I learned to control impulses and stay sober by having a therapist and going to AA meetings. Especially on weekends I filled empty time with meetings. It was comforting and encouraging to be in a room with people who understood what I was going through. Seeing people with long term sobriety gave me hope and guidance. ..In early sobriety I stayed away from bars and people who abused alcohol. My sobriety was a priority and I protected myself from alcohol. I sadly also learned who of my so-called "friends" were really loyal or just drinking buddies. I made sober friends in AA and rebuilt friendships with others who I'd abandoned in order to drink. Alcohol was taking my life and I had to learn how to build a happier healthier one. Therapy AA and educating myself about alcoholism taught me. 
The people hanging out in bars are the ones missing out. They're spending their time and money doing the same stupid shit every weekend when they could be doing something productive.
Whenever I go to a pub bad things happen to me. ..At best I spend a lot of money I cannot really afford to trash my health endanger my friendships and my future. I waste the next few days waiting to feel better. I pray the symptoms I am experiencing are just a hangover and not pancreatitis or irreversible liver damage. A trip to a pub on a Friday means I cannot do anything else but try to recover till at least Monday. I hate myself for doing that to myself. ..At worst I could die. I already have weird beating heart while I am sobering up (I suspect it's atrial fibrillation and it only happens after drinking). It increases the risk of stroke. I could choke on my own vomit. I could go into a blind rage and kill someone. Or start on someone who will kill me with a single punch. Or be run over accidentally. Or fall down the concrete staircase in my tenement. Or put food in the oven fall asleep and die in the resulting fire...There is no FOMO to me. The times when a night out (or in) was a harmless joyful experience are over. Now it is just dicing with death. I look just a few hours ahead - till the closing time - and see the things I am not missing out on by staying in: self-respect health positive future achievements. I put greater value on them than a few hours of destructive pleasure induced by chemicals...If I had coeliac disease I wouldn't eat pizza even if it was free and all my mates were tucking in. Nothing they would say would convince me because even the best pizza isn't worth it. If I wasn't ready to say I had coeliac disease I would say I am going on a wheat-free cleanse and wonder why I cannot be honest and respected for making decisions about my health and my life. I wouldn't go to the pizza place so as not to be tempted. I would suggest we meet up somewhere else doing non-pizza related things. If they insisted on pizza I would realise we are just good friends to have pizza with and nothing more...(I have been trying to quit drinking for a year now and the longer I do it the more I realise that at least for me alcohol was more of a habit than a disease. I stopped associating a lot of triggers with booze - cleaning the house watching a movie being stressed celebrating completing a big job etc and it's a lot easier now. I do not think that I will ever see pubs and bars as harmless places so I do not go there. Drunken people annoy me.)
