-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c01qp/blew_it/

Huge row with fianc . Reverted to type and went straight for a bottle of wine. Drank the whole thing. ..Day one again today (need to reset badge). What do I know from this relapse?..Last week I quit and felt miserable. I felt like I was "giving up" something. I was sad. ..So pros and cons of falling off the wagon?..Pro: ..I quietened the the voice in my head. .I forgot my problems for a couple of hours. ..Con:..Guilt.Shame .Self loathing.Problems with fianc  still there.Awful sleep.Kidney pain.Chest pain.Headache.Nauseas.Not motivated to do anything .Spent money I didn't have ..So today my mindset it different. I'm not giving up anything good I'm walking away from the one thing that makes me feel like crap. ..I want to apologise to my friends here too I feel weak. I feel like I let not just myself down but you guys too. ..I will NOT drink with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Fall down 9 times get up 10. Relapses have a silver lining because we can learn and grow from them. Glad to have you here!..You haven't let anyone down. Most of us have been there. You coming back is beautiful. It gives hope to the lurker who relapsed and is afraid of coming back in. It gives clarity to someone suffering and considering a drink. It is proof of your strength and resilience. 
I know how you feel but I also keep re-setting my badge and coming back
i followed HALT in early days - A for no anger. i just walked away from situations where i would get angry. i had to work on the very fundamentals of my personality to keep triggers at bay. these irritants to trigger the urge will be there everyday in any form and i would be back to drinking everyday/most of the day if i don't get my mind over it. sobriety has been journey of mastering my mind nothing else:)
I have relapsed 6 times this year usually when I feel emotional and rejected.  However the days that I have been sober outnumber the drunk ones so I still feel pretty good - and I sure am healthier.  I will not drink with you today.
I relapsed on Tuesday after 43 days. Feel quite bad about it but I have learned what one of my triggers is. Keep coming back - it sounds like you are already aware of the damage alcohol can do to you. Some people never get that far. Keep coming back  I'll not drink with you today xx
*I'm not giving up anything good I'm walking away from the one thing that makes me feel like crap.*..For me this attitude has been the root of my sobriety. Good luck :)
I'm glad you're back forgive yourself be kind to yourself especially on Day 1 we will win at this battle!..:-)
Welcome back!
I'm glad you're back! Your post and the comments are telling me I should work on a game plan for when I'm angry. 
