-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c1r39/my_friends_just_can_not_understand/

I've been told I've changed that "you're not the same person" but not in a positive light. I have evolved so much this past year and I think alcohol and some other drugs fried my brain. I have definitely change I've flip flopped politically. I used to be very right wing because I was just so resentful towards the world but I am not that person anymore. I am pretty much the complete opposite and my friends think I'm a hypocrite on the left and the right. They just don't understand the extent of my alcoholism and the personal struggle I have made this past year. I think most of them think there is an alliterative motive they just don't understand I am not the same person I once was.
----------immediate responses--------

Had a same sort of thing happen to me. I decided to be me and not give in ever. Cost me a few friendships but I gained a me...Choice was easy really. Best of luck.
I fell off the wagon last night. I joked (whilst drinking) that "drunk scarlet" was much more fun. I guess change is inevitable we have to learn who we are sober and those around us do too. Good friends/family will join you on your journey and celebrate your changes. Bottom line is that it's your life your body your journey. You can't worry too much about other people opinion. I won't drink with you today. 
Maybe it's time to increase your circle of friends...Congrats on your upcoming 1-year!
people who aren't alcoholics or drug addicts will never really understand what it's like to be one. it's like how white people will never really understand how a black person feels about slavery. they can sympathize but they'll never really get it. it's not their fault but it can get a little annoying sometimes when non-alcoholics pester me to drink or continuously ask me why i won't and it's all very-lighthearted and shallow to them when i've suffered so deeply for years over this stuff. 
In my experience people who react negatively to you bettering yourself are either jealous have an addiction problem themselves or are just very very ignorant...Perhaps it's time to find some friends who are equally evolved. :)..
You can't control how they view your change. I've had similar happen to me...On the plus side there are others who have viewed my change as a positive. I'm sure those people are there for you too maybe you just need to find them?..
Keep doing what you're doing. Your friends' reactions to your quitting drinking is evidence that you have truly changed. I am inspired by your success!.
