-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c2egz/my_friends_and_parents_dont_understand_my_problem/

At least I think so. "You're not an alcoholic you're fine just don't drink that much and you'll be fine." I don't think they are right but some part deep inside I'm like "yeah they know more of what you're going through than you just one drink and go home". That's the scary part. Shout down the brain when he keeps talking about how good i'm...In this last relapse my father who all always says "you don't have a problem just don't drink that much" or "you don't need help just don't drink." Saw me in my 4 days binge all messed up. and told me that you want to be the reason me we can have alcohol anymore in the house. Then he said "why can you just stop drinking?" almost crying and the worst part is that i'm used to see my parents cry but keep doing it again and again. My friend are the same just control yourself no one is an alcoholic. that's a lie to be honest i also believed that. ..Somehow they understand this time and i told my parents that i wil go to therapy for real this time. I never went to one. the year that i was sober I did it by myself and it was so scary and painful. This time i will it will be for good it has to be. I don't want the feeling again.  it's scary how many time i have said "i will never drink again". I know that maybe no one believes me but this time it has to be. ..I will never drink again.
----------immediate responses--------

getting sober was impossible for me to do on my own. trust me i tried. i needed to be among others in real life with the same problem as me. the feeling of hopelessness self pity and loneliness dissipated in meetings of alcoholics anonymous.  i learned that i wasn't alone and learned to not drink one day at a time.     
[removed]
It doesn't matter what anyone else believes about you only what *You* believe about **You**...Head toward your own true north there will be distractions along the path!..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
I'm going through a similar situation with my brother who is a flat out drunk get drunk at work during the day alcoholic. Our mother will never admit he has a problem. Even when he's tried to quit in the past she's made comments like just beer or wine should be fine. He's not strong enough to see the big picture and that she's enabling him and now he's got a kid and all this is going on..Listen to your heart. If you believe you are an alcoholic then no you can't control your drinking. But you can get help and try to stop. Do not feel guilty about your parents not being able to drink in front of you right now. Sometimes parents have a really hard time admitting there are any flaws with their children that could potentially be linked to some DNA they passed off to you or how they may have raised you. .Trust me when I tell you that if you let this go on it will wind up being a bigger inconvenience for them down the road than attempting to nip this in the bud now before any serious damage is done to your relationship. .Good luck!
I don't think people that have not dealt with addiction can really empathize. It seems similar with mental health issues and i was guilty of that too. Someone close to me dealt with depression and it seemed like "your life is good why can't you just be happier?"  That's why SD and the right counselor have been so helpful - people that can truly understand. 
