-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c2qe2/you_dont_ever_have_to_drink_again_if_you_dont/

I have a story about a struggle with alcohol during Halloween weekend. I am a recovering alcoholic at 9 months sober. It has been a very long and uncomfortable journey. Especially in my (non-existent) dating life. Well a couple of weeks prior to Halloween I met this girl and things were going great. We were really hitting it off. As it turns out she likes to drink and use drugs. I was forced into a position of either having a relapse or giving up this amazing feeling of being with someone. ..Things fell apart and I was devastated. I've been restless irritable and discontent ever since. I already feel like a bitch since I quit drinking. Also feeling emasculated really fucking made me want to drink. I remember the days of going to bars plastered. Talking shit and getting girls. Going to parties. Feeling good about myself. ..Then I remembered. I DONT HAVE TO DRINK ANYMORE IF I DONT WANT TO. ..Before recovery I didn't have a choice. Today I have a choice. And that choice is to never drink alcohol again for the rest of my life. That's worth way more than anything in the world. I'll hit the gym and stay on my own. Today I care about myself. I don't need alcohol or anyone else to validate me as a person anymore. ..Fuck all y'all. ..I mean that with love ..
----------immediate responses--------

I used to drink. Now I don't!..Fuck yeah!
&gt; I don't need alcohol or anyone else to validate me as a person anymore. ..You said it right there...I'll take loneliness and sobriety over popularity &amp; alcoholism any day because if people can't accept us for who we are when we're sober then fuck em! ;) (And I mean that with love too!)..
'I don't have to drink' is an important statement. Remembering the distress of having to drink - When? Where? How? Occupying my mind all the time - that is a place I really don't want to go back to.
Fuck you too! :)..All my love.thegirlryan
Fuckin'A!
I can say without knowing this person that she could fuck off. You are better off. 
when a counselor in detox told me "you never have to do _____ again becuase you never have to drink again" I sobbed in relief. I love to say this to (newer) newcomers it was the only thing I heard ..I'll.enjoy hitting a year around the same time as you! 
Wow - that is simply an amazing realization.  I'm still working toward my FAY'A moment.
Good choice I can relate. Fuck dating for now I'm happy with myself and won't go back to my old ways for anybody. Fuck you too with luv :)
