-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c5pdy/two_years_sober/

Well tomorrow morning I will be. ..http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/000/142/feelsgood.jpg..I hate to be cliche but if you are reading this and struggling? You can do this! ..If you are on Day 1 shaking and sweaty (if its bad please seek medical attention) know that it gets better. ..I never believed anyone that told me it would get better and for the first 6 months it didn't. It sucked hard. After that it did get easier day by day. I had SO many false starts. I didn't think I could ever do it. It took handcuffs and forced commital to the psych ward to get me to day 1. YOU CAN DO THIS. I could spew out all kinds of cliche inspiration quotes but you will find the ones that work for you on your journey. Its simple but hard. Just don't put that drink to your mouth. I hope someone reading this finds some hope in this post. ..Thanks for reading. I hope you all have a good evening and weekend when we get there :)..EDIT: I just want to thank /u/VictoriaElaine for being somewhat of an inspiration when I was struggling. Thanks :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 2 years. That's awesome. .And thanks for this post. I needed to read this tonight as I am really really struggling right now. .I will not drink today. 
Wow. Two years. Well done. Congrats man. I'm so happy for you. 
Congratulations! I also never believed anyone who said it would get better. Looking back I would have liked to have had more faith but being the alcoholic that I am it was all about ME being selfish and being so deep into my alcoholic use disorder that I wouldn't listen to anyone anyway. Regardless I can honestly and positively say that it DOES get SO much better!! Thanks for sharing and congrats on 2 years!! 
That's awesome man well done. It's day 1 for me today hearing that other people are smashing it is great to hear and very motivational. 
Strong work!
Bravo!!!
Congratulations on the 2 year milestone! .730 days of freedom! 
Congratulations on two years! That's amazing!
Two years! You've really worked hard been honest and asked for help. Happy 2 years!!!
Congrats on two years!  I'm inspired
