-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c66qw/i_think_im_an_alcoholic/

I've always struggled with moderation.....I'm an all or nothing type of person.  I've always been very successful at everything I do....a type A perfectionist OCD personality.  Lately everything is crashing down around me.  After years of being careless with drinking and driving i finally got a DUI.  That was a year and a half ago.  Lost my license dealt with that humiliation and really hit rock bottom.  I stopped drinking for a few months and then convinced myself I could handle it. I can't.  I do stupid things....flirt when I shouldn't....would probably totally be taken advantage of if it weren't for friends who babysit me.  I hate and despise myself each time I get to that point that I have to wonder what I said or did the night before. I hate the guilt.   I am actually physically healthier than I've ever been.  I spend lots of time at the gym.  I'm in super great shape.  Why can't I just let the alcohol go??  Why is this so hard?  I'm a smart woman.....but I'm making a mess of my life.  I can't do this anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol was my easy way out...It was why I didn't get the highest test score in my midterms. I could have done the best but like I went out last night and drank a bunch of wine...I was so obsessed with being perfect. Alcohol gave me an excuse to fail...I used to run off my drinking calories made sure I had a perfect body made sure my grades were close to perfect (but not too good that's embarassing)..My drinking at some point took over. I was holding on to parts of my perfectionism but no one was buying it anymore. My insecurities and drinking problem along with my ego were the most prevalent things everyone saw...I decided to try recovery. Just try it. I loved it. 
You can do it.  Kick it to the curb.  You've done it before.  Maybe those perfectionist tools you have can help you commit.  Best wishes.
I really held on to my alcohol habit I was fiercely protective of it. It was the last thing I was willing to let go of but over time I was building an awareness of the costs and risks of my drinking the excuses and rationalisations I was making and realised that controlling my drinking wasn't something I could enjoy or sustain. So quite out of the blue I decided enough was enough and I resolved to try another way I decided it was more than time for me to put down the bottle. ..I kept myself occupied and substituted sparkling water to get me through the first few months. I was gradually adjusting learning to live cope and even have fun sober. After four months sober I let alcohol go for good I decided to remain abstinent I'm a better version of myself sober. 
Welcome aboard! I feel for me the same characteristics that make me an efficient worker/person make me a great drinker.. Not giving up OCD-esque way of living perfectionism.. Why not drink the same way right?..PS. Your story reminds me of a book called Finding Ultra it's about a man finding a new lifestyle of running and sobriety after years of drinking.
I'm in a very similar situation. Been drinking my entire adult life...but last Friday I woke up and said enough is enough. I give up. I don't want this anymore. Then I made it through Friday and the weekend with no alcohol and felt so much better at work Monday. Being a smart person you owe it to yourself to have some clear mindedness for a while and I think you'll find that you like it. Celebrate everything you do that keeps you from drinking. I don't know much about being sober but I will not drink with you today. You can do this!
Welcome glad you're here!..Good questions and congratulations on evaluating your life and lifestyle!  Unfortunately Alcohol Use Disorder doesn't discriminate based on intelligence health and gym memberships!  It's an equal opportunity ruiner of lives...A little voice in my head told me I was consuming *a little* too much wine......    Well actually I KNEW I was and had been.  But I kept 'making deals setting rules ('only after 5:30!) but especially this promise:  "*Tomorrow* I'll not have a glass of wine".  ..But tonight became tomorrow and evening arrived and mysteriously *there's a glass of wine in my hand*.  Seems I couldn't keep my promises to myself.  Then I felt guilty that I didn't have *enough willpower*...Then two things occurred...(1) I realized that:  *Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...(2) Since I had already demonstrated to myself that my willpower alone wasn't enough *I asked for help*...I got tools resources fellowship and meetings.  ..I've never been happier.  I have no interest in alcohol...Rewards start with An Unimpaired Life.  I'm present for everything that happens good bad and in between.  Benefits include:  financial social legal career emotional physical and spiritual...You're certainly not alone.  This is an international community with 50000 members and some estimates indicate that around 10% of humanity has an alcohol problem so there's around 700000000 or the 7.8 billion people like you and me...What do you want to do for the future?.
