-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5c9geo/in_a_sea_of_political_bullcrap_stopdrinking_is_an/

Everywhere else in the online world is talking about the election but not you. You beautiful drunks are all here making things better for me and others...I skipped my meeting on Tuesday night (for perhaps obvious reasons). I regret that decision. I'm going to another meeting on Saturday to make up for it and I've been chatting with a buddy from my meeting who works a few blocks away and we're going to have lunch today. ..Staying active in times of joy or times of stress is important to sobriety. I will not drink today and I hope you join me. Whether you sustained or relapsed this week. I still consider you a friend. Whether I agree with you or not we're still working toward the same goal. We're all in this together!!
----------immediate responses--------

Love you right back! I hope you have a wonderful lunch with your friend!
I didn't want to watch the elections on TV I knew it was bad for life in general. I watched a comedian on Netflix instead. Guess what? He opened by talking about Clinton Trump Obama and even Bush. Shit. So I ended up watching 30 minutes of the elections. All they did was repeating themselves and I wondered "why the fuck am I listening to this?". It doesn't have immediate consequences on me and I even try to be apolitical in my daily life...I had a thought for all drunk people who justified their drinking saying "it's election night". ..I still try to avoid politics and this place is really a good place to be.
Sobernauts united. I will be your huckleberry.
Make Life Great Again (by being sober)!
I found out in the worst way. And from the worst person. My brain nearly exploded from a) the hypocrisy and b) how little self-insight some people have. Despite really needing a drink I was glad to be sober because drunk I would have done something stupid. Hopefully instead I opened a person's eyes. I still won't open my curtains though for fear the world is ablaze. Stay in nice happy places so let's all stay well.
I am one of those you mentioned.  Thanks for the kind words.
This is a good place isn't it? Fortunately for me another SDer took me for a hike on Wednesday. I *needed* that.
Mindfulness! It's impossible for me to get drunk if I'm being mindful.
I'm not drinking today.
It's refreshing to see messages like this...Here in the UK I've seen all sorts of idiocy on both sides of the Brexit argument and can imagine that USA will be similar at the moment given the closeness of the result...Sometimes seeking first to understand can be really challenging...
This sub really inspires faith in humanity. It's really nice to see that people can just be cool and support each other
Thank you for posting tonight. I'm trying my best to just be in acceptance and remain positive. I just want us all to be okay.
There's no problem so bad it can't be made worse by alcohol.
Take care! 
One of the things I learned from my experience and that was a real eye-opener for me was that alcohol dependency can happen to *everyone*. Women or men poor or rich successful or unsuccessful young or old straight or queer religious or atheist. ..Political affiliation has also nothing to do with it. 
Couldn't agree more with this post. SD is awesome.
