-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5casvm/relapse_starts_before_the_first_drink/

That's what I've read on here so many times - and I'm grateful for that because I feel that I might be going through this. .  .  There are so many functions coming up. I keep finding myself imagining how much more FUN they (I) would be if I could get on the same level as everybody else. I want to laugh and dance and have a few bleary eyed heart to hearts. I want to bond with others over our hangovers. I want to make those random intense drunken connections with total strangers..  .  How fucking ridiculous am I? The last time I drank I cheated on my partner.  The time before that I made inappropriate sexual advances on my friends.  The time before that I was assaulted while I drunkenly stumbled home.  The time before that I lost all my ID and bank cards...and the list goes on.  I cannot drink without getting blackout.  I cannot moderate my drinking. I cannot have 'fun' nights out.  My drinking has ended in disaster. It makes me so depressed I want to kill myself.  When I stopped drinking I started having panic attacks and couldn't leave the house. THAT is the reality of drinking for me and I need to remember it.  I just need to focus on gettig through today sober and the future can deal with itself.  Posting here for accountability - and I guess I just needed to get that off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

I think I remember one of those posts... if not someone else on here posted about similar situations. I need to remember my reality of drinking too sometimes.
Dr. Phil says that the best predictor of future behavior is past behavior. And my past behavior was not pretty. "Playing the tape forward" in my mind has stopped me many times when I have wanted a drink because I know just where that drink will take me.
Glad you're here!  ..Very encouraging that you're aware of the signals and familiar with the consequences.  That's solid!!..This is the type of thing I'd share with my counselor sponsor or at a meeting...Got any of that?
I related to your experience of blackout drinking. Thank you for your honesty. Your post helps me remember why I am here. 
I find urges like that come and go but they CAN pass without giving in.  I also make sure to remember all the problems from drinking so I don't romanticize it.  Great job on staying sober!
