-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cdeop/i_respect_you_guys_for_doing_this_i_lasted_2_full/

I thought it would be my last time drinking but nope. How do you even convince yourself?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't convince myself. I just don't pick up the first one. I know one won't be enough and five or six may not either. So I just don't pick up number one. Everything else is too much some days. I keep it simple. Good luck to you. One day one drink at a time is all I'm doing today.
I am terrified of drinking. I know what it has done to me and what will happen in the future. It is not worth me having just one. 
I'm honest with myself. I have no interest in having one beer. Wtf good is one beer? If I decide to drink then I am going to drink a lot and then I'll have to deal with the consequences of that. It's easier to just not drink. Not today anyway.
Lately i've been thinking of it like: imagine you can drink but you can only have ONE. Sounds pointless to even drink at all right? Might not work for everyone but it definitely helps me. 
Welcome back. It took me a long time to begin stringing together more than a few days at a time. Keep it simple is good advice. I journaled every relapse and learned something new. This Naked Mind helped and so did meetings and my therapist.
Drinking just 1 drink sucks equally as much as drinking 100 so I just choose to opt out of the first. 
Have you tried IRL support?  I hit up meetings during my peak drinking hours.  It helps break the cycle.  I need every tool in the box that I can use and I am not afraid to try any of them. 
One thing that I do on an ongoing basis to convince myself I am an alcoholic is to listen to the stories of people in recovery (both in meetings and on this sub) and try to find the similarities. More often than not I identify A LOT so I know I'm in the right place.
I convince myself that my decade of attempting to moderate only worked sometimes.  There's only one drink I won't take every day:  my first one.
