-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cdi4j/i_posted_twice_yesterday/

In the morning celebrating my small victory of saying no to a glass of wine that my daughter offered (she bought it home). ..Early evening where I was sat outside a shop struggling whether to buy wine or not. I didn't. ..I drove home feeling proud and determined until I opened the fridge and the wine from the night before was there (actually one full one and one that was 3/4 full). Taunting me. I was tempted to empty them but they weren't mine to empty. ..Did I stay strong? Go to the meeting like I planned? ..No. I drank the whole bottle. Passed out on the sofa woke up at 3am with palpitations nausea etc. The usual. The same crap that EVERY time has me saying never again. ..Why? What's wrong with me? Why am I so broken? Sitting here with tears blurring my vision as I type this out. ..I was tempted to say nothing. Pretend it didn't happen. Classic of my alcohol thought process. If I don't say anything I can pretend it didn't happen. But it did because at the moment this monster seems stronger than I am and I bloody hate it. Feel sad and pathetic but I will NOT drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's certainly stronger than me. At the end I realized that and completely gave up. I'm not fighting with it anymore. I had sincerely quit at least fifty times before that but always had it in the back of my mind that I was stronger than alcohol. I'm not. That's how it finally stopped for me. No more battles!
I have booze in the house - but not in the fridge - it's in the garage or back of a cupboard. I do this a) because I don't want to be the person who's never got booze in the house for friends and family and b) because I don't want to be afraid of booze - I am afraid of forgetting the bad stuff but I can't be held to ransom by alcohol forever - it is everywhere so I need to learn to live with it.... this may seem tough on myself but generally my favourite tipple is the only one I don't keep around
[removed]
Resetting my badge has become a way of life for me. But I think I am learning a lot and I'm not giving up. Two people who posted here are very wise I think in giving up the fight and surrendering as a starting point. What I am realizing is that I want to be sober but I don't want anything in my life to change. Now I think that is impossible. Most of all I want to lose my FEAR of removing my primary relationship (wine) from my life.
you turned down that one glass because you knew it wouldn't be just one. ..Hope you can make a meeting today I'll go to one too :)
I'm sorry you're going through this. I'm right there with you. We just have to keep trying. It's hard especially when you feel like crap about yourself. I keep reliving a particularly embarrassing situation a couple of days ago. We just have to keep trying and try to be kind to ourselves. 
It's been said already but it's worth repeating.  I surrendered.  Getting counseling going though outpatient rehab and going to AA meetings helped me learn that my brain doesn't function like other peoples brains.  That my obsession with alcohol was a symptom of my disease of addiction.  I couldn't get help for my disease if I couldn't even acknowledge I had it.  For me getting all the alcohol out of the house was imperative.  For me this is about life or death.  My  disease is fatal if I don't treat it.  I will not drink with you today.
[deleted]
Don't give up. Keep coming back here. We all know how hard it is and you're not alone...I'm like those who posted who has to protect my sobriety like a newly hatched chick. I would not be able to handle wine in the house. If my husband wants a drink he can have a scotch because I always hated that anyway so it's not nearly as huge a temptation. We haven't gone out to dinner. I'm sure I'll do that in the future but I can't do it right now. My teenage daughter wants to start and argument? I go take a shower. Not drinking is like a little baby bird and I have to keep wrapping my arms around it. My family may not always like it but they sure hated me being drunk so pffffft.
