-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ce1ec/sometimes_i_wonder_if_it_would_have_been_better/

Fast forward to 2016 and a part of me feels invincible. I've had a cop pull me ever call me out knowing full well I'm intoxicated but lets me go because I was driving ok and he only pulled me over for a brake light...A lot of people are probably like "you lucky bastard" but no it's actually terrifying. I'm really struggling to find the incentive to stay sober even though I know my drinking is reaching uncontrollable levels...I don't have kids I have no family to let down I have no legal ramifications or probation to worry about. No outside incentives just have to somehow figure out something internally that makes it seem worth it when the whole reason I started drinking was self loathing. Just unbelievable how difficult this is.
----------immediate responses--------

I started fighting for myself.  My mental and physical health were a priority.  I really started having bigger issues as I aged.  The depression and anxiety were starting to overwhelm me because of my drinking.  I was starting to lag behind in my mtn bike and road bike groups.  As I aged the negative effects were increasing exponentially.  For me mental and physical destruction was reason enough to make a change. I want to be on top of my game in life.  Living an alcoholic lifestyle was stealing this away from me. 
I am my own worst critic. To the point that friends indicated that it was not healthy. Learned behavior from childhood. I took the time to invest in therapy. It helped alot. I have come to appreciate my attributes and short comings for what they are on work on the ones I choose. My drinking now is because I am an alcoholic. No governor no I've had enough switch. I would like to be able to drink and know when to stop. I can not. Just do not possess that skill. Drinking gets in the way of my usefulness joy and peace. I cherish those and continue to pursue them. I stumble frequently. Pick me up and start again. Volunteering helps get out of myself and contribute. Spending time with just me is the least fulfilling thing I do. Enough said. Good luck.
It may seem as if you are on a winning streak now but eventually it all catches up. When I think about all the close calls all the warning signs that I ignored over the years my attitude about my drinking changed from 'wow I sure am lucky nothing bad happened that night' to a feeling of impending doom....'eventually something very bad will happen to me if I keep drinking'. My incentive became clear only once I stopped drinking for long enough to truly consider the damaging effects alcohol has had on my life instead of brushing them aside with 'it could have been worse'...
I got away with what should have been a DUI/drug charge about 5 years ago.  I very seldom drove buzzed but this particular night I should have got into a lot of trouble...I promised myself I'd never drive under the influence again.  I kept that promise for over 5 years until one day I drove far past the legal limit.  I didn't get a DUI that day but I committed to becoming a non drinker...Here I am a few months later :-)
