-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ces5p/the_dreaded_hangover/

I went on an adventure last night with my boyfriend as we often do on our shared thursdays off of work. we skipped town for the evening and went to dinner and then a show. a totally fun fantastic evening...my alarm went off at 7:30 this morning and my first semi-conscious thought was "shit I'm going to be so hungover for my double shift today and my parents are planning on visiting and I'm going to look like a bloated hungover mess." and then it dawned on me. I'M NOT HUNGOVER. in fact I feel great for running on 5 hours of sleep because...I DIDN'T DRINK LAST NIGHT. I didn't have to worry about how much of an asshole I was or how much money I spent. I woke up did some laundry made some breakfast read a little bit and didn't hate myself. what a wonderful morning...I went to my first AA meeting yesterday since my year-long relapse. and man does it feel good to be back on the wagon. ..happy friday to you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!  I will not drink with you today! 
This made me smile. Have a great weekend!
yaaaaas!!
Ridin' that wagon with you today.
&gt;I didn't have to worry about how much of an asshole I was or how much money I spent. I woke up did some laundry made some breakfast read a little bit and didn't hate myself. what a wonderful morning....I'm happy for you!
Not drinking with you today. Welcome back
woot woot..keep it up
[deleted]
So happy for you! Let's not drink today. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Awesome!!!
When I was hung over I would shame myself not only for things I said or did the night before but for things I said and did years prior. I don't miss that kind of depression at all.
Nice. I do hate feeling like shit. Especially at work. Im starting back on day 2. I did make it 58 days. Just blew a week. Im the hellover the hangerover for sure. 
I screwed up past night too. Stay strong
Congrats! I love the feeling of waking up sober and realizing you have no regrets from the previous night. Keep it up! One day at a time.
Don't you love the AA meetings? I find them very compelling. Most of the time. I always come out better off than when I went in. Stay SOBER. It sounds good on you! Take care.
awesome!
This made me smile. Awesome! 
