-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cf8ud/alcohols_glamour_can_be_escaped/

I moved to a new city several months ago and since then I've adjusted to my new favorite coffee shop. I spend several hours a week there so I've pretty well examined their used book selection and I have my preference for best wall hangings and chairs. I can tell in a glance if there's going to be a convenient electrical outlet available based on where people are sitting but I also know where the "hidden" outlets are by now. They don't have much of a food menu but it's cozy the coffee is fine and they serve these weird fancy sodas with a rotating selection...Weird... fancy... sodas... in 16oz cans... that cost $9.....Yeah really I thought that despite being plenty familiar with other features of the place. I'd been going to this coffee shop for months before I noticed they served beer at all. I can promise you that 2 years ago the beer would have been the main selling point of the coffee shop for me I'd have picked ~~one~~ three out my first time there and I'd be drinking cheap liquor at work because the temptation of the "classy" alcohol two blocks away would be so overwhelming that I'd do the "smart" thing by drinking something cheaper instead. I do not miss that logic!..But the purpose of this message is not to relive drunk logic... it's to emphasize the fact that after ~23 months without a drink it's truly possible to simply not notice alcohol near me. Not just to resist it or to lack a desire for it but to overlook it completely. I still go to the coffee shop glance at the fancy sodas and have no sense of missing anything. I stayed out of places that served alcohol for several months when I quit excepting the grocery store. It's surreal to be this way now...I'm writing this both to inspire and encourage others and also as a reminder to myself that habits really can change as I'm currently struggling with some other habits of mine that need adjusting. I used to feel haunted by alcohol at every turn. It's different now. Thanks for being here SD. <3
----------immediate responses--------

This is a good message. And the same has happened for me as well. I know a lot of people are having rough times starting out not drinking. And they see alcohol everywhere and the temptation is real. But hopefully knowing that it does calm down and get pushed into the background keeps them hanging in there and gives them hope.
This is a relief to hear! I still feel like I need to avoid certain situations where I know alcohol is present or at least have an escape plan. 
I'm not quite 70 days into my journey and I'm perfectly comfortable around alcohol I actually have been since day 1 though I opted to stay away from it for several weeks because I was having physical cravings... I don't say this to brag but out of sympathy (and respect for continuing to fight the good fight) for those who struggle with the constant temptation.  For me sobriety has been an absolute roller coaster of emotions I can't imagine battling constant temptation simultaneously...Nice work friend!  I'll not drink with you today.
Great post.
That must be some fancy soda for $9. Ah that kind of soda... Love the mental picture I am getting of your coffee shop. Not drinkin' no fancy soda with you today.
Thank you for this! It's been weird meeting my friends at the bar the other night was easier and less tempting than going out to eat with my husband tonight. For some reason the restaurant we were at totally triggered me. Still kinda antsy from the craving. But if I have your experience to look forward to I'll tough it out! 
