-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5chsnp/being_denied_admission_at_hospital_detox/

Has anyone experienced this?..I went to rehab about a month and a half ago after drinking heavily every day for a little over a year. To my surprise the withdrawals weren't that bad but unfortunately I relapsed pretty soon after getting out and I experienced my first hellish alcohol withdrawal a few days ago after going 24 hours without any drinks - feeling like an anvil was on my chest strained breathing immense anxiety continuous muscle twitching all over dizziness. I don't know what having a seizure feels like yet but at that point I was pretty sure I was gonna have one and was scared for my life...So I went to the ER at the local hospital yesterday to try to check into the detox they offer and after being evaluated and explaining to them how bad I'd gotten the doctor told me I didn't qualify as a medical necessity and gave me a script of 4 libriums and sent me on my way. I mean do you have to be literally having a seizure as you walk in the door in order to be admitted to a hospital detox? These libriums are only going to last me until tonight but I'm afraid the withdrawals are just gonna start back up sometime tomorrow and I'll be right back to drinking until I can get checked into some rehab around here. ..
----------immediate responses--------

There are medical protocols that have to be met before being admitted to detox. Although you felt miserable apparently you didn't meet them. I understand it could be confusing however. Take the librium as indicated. By then you may be past the worst. Good luck. 
The physician believes that the medication will be enough...If it's not go back to the hospital...Please consider what you wrote:  "I'll be right back to drinking"...I suggest googling "Kindling Effect".  Withdrawals can increase in intensity and not in a linear fashion.  If you experienced the level you described I know that I would not want to chance another withdrawal...Please confer with a physician...I care.
My worst WD days were days 4-6. Once I was in I was going to power through it not pick up again. After I made it through my detoxing there was no was I was going back there again (I posted plenty about this back in Jan-Feb - not doing detox again not gonna go there)..Glad you saw a doctor. I probably should have but did not. I'm not a doctor and certainly can't diagnose you through the internet but the doc you saw is and evaluated you in-person. I would assume there are admission guidelines that I will further assume were followed in the decision to not admit...Best wishes.
My feeling is that different medical professionals approach it differently.  There's quite a bit of reporting over the past few years that med students don't get trained about addiction and resulting impacts.  ..Fortunately I generally dealt with docs in my area including ERs who seemed to show respect for the potential harm of withdrawal etc.  ..Please look into getting whatever support is appropriate and best wishes.
