-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cit1o/back_home_from_treatment_and_a_badge_reset/

Eighteen days ago I left my home my city and my family behind to stay in rehab in some shitty little podunk mountain town...When I posted last I was low. Not rock-bottom but I could see my bottom from where I was desperately clinging. My brother picked me up at 4 am drove for four hours to bring me to the treatment centre told me he loved me he believed in me wished me luck and drove another four hours back home...Seventeen days ago I was lonely scared and a little resentful. Sixteen days ago people came to me to comfort me. Fifteen days ago I felt scared but that I could do this. Fourteen days ago the real work began with our small groups. I got to know my small group of eight more intimately than most of their families and they knew me just as well over the course of the next two weeks. We laughed together cried together comforted each other through tough times broke down barriers built each other up and helped mould what would be the foundation of a new life. We worked *hard*. It was hard work!..Over the next two weeks each of us unreservedly ripped open old wounds and laid our shit out for everyone to see (we covered the floor of our room with papers) and accepted feedback and encouragement from each other. Our counselors were second to none; they worked as hard as we did...We closed off our small group with a ceremony; open feedback on our progress what our high-risk situations are and how much we had improved. We took the papers with all of our emotional baggage and burned them to ashes. We shared last words to be held between us and us alone. We laughed and boy did we cry. Even the counselors were sad to see us leave (even if we really made them earn their pay some days.)..If you're considering treatment do it. Put everything you have into it. Do your work be open honest and trust your counselor and your group. You will literally get as much out of it as you put into it. If you've done treatment and relapsed go again. Just like riding a bike you may fall and skin your knees but you can still hop on and try again...This afternoon I left what had become a second home a second family and a pretty cool town behind to come and live my life for the first time in twelve years...I'm resetting my badge as of today because this is the first day that I have started *recovery* not just sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Great to read  about your experiences. Good work.
Am wishing you the best of luck!
wow great share. thank you.
