-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ckw16/stopped_drinking_2_days_ago_still_i_feel_hungover/

Hello I'm new to this and it is strange so here is my story: .I've been drinking almost every weekend since I was 15 (22 now I'm from europe) I have a lot of drinking buddies thinking of it pretty much all of my friends drink at least once a week (maybe it's because I from a rural area anyway). When I started studying three years ago (and I'm successful in it my grades are all very good) the drinking became more frequent: .I drank thursday friday and saturday plus an additional weekday usually it was about 2-6 half litre beer on thurday and the additional week day and much more beer and heavy stuff on friday and saturday. I scarcely drank alone and almost always with friends. Usually when I woke up on Sunday i felt hangover and was ashamed of what I did and said while I was drunk. ..On monday I told my self to stop drinking during weekdays but on Wednesday I went to go shopping with a collegue from work only after I drank half of a beer I realised that I had violated my resolution so I saw no other way than to make a full stop. .I did that till now I was successful but I am afraid that I won't be able to withstand the social pressure of having to drink when my friends are around. (Also to say I quit drinking has become a running gag as people would say it when they were espcially drunk or had blackouts last night)...**Any advice concerning how to smoothly avoid drinking would be most welcome..Now I slept for 12 hours and I feel hangover altough I did not drink since thursday morning..Did you have that too?**..And is it normal to drink so much as a student or as a person in general?..I have to admit that I wanted to stop drinking not because I think I have a drinking problem but because I want to lose weight my health has really deteriorated since I started studying because I did not have the time to to sports anymore but also because my eating habbtis changed for the worse...Also I was and am again a smoker. It started when I was 15 and i quit when I was 20 for 1.5 years I didn't touch one then it gradually started again (I relapsed only when drunk)  and now Im back to one pack per week (even when not drunk) and and 1 or two packs per time i get really drunk...My schedule is very packed at the moment there are two assignments I have to do and **I am not sure if I should go through with it as the alcohol was always very soothing and I'm afraid that I could miss out on parties.**....**TL;DR:**.I stopped drinking and don't know if I did the right thing considering my circumstances..Please help....
----------immediate responses--------

Withdrawal/hangovers can last 4-5 days...I quit because I wanted a better life. I didn't really want to stop drinking. But the possibilities of living sober started to outweigh the costs of drinking...I still attend parties and I am better at self-soothing than I ever was in my adult life. Alcohol is a quick fix with terrible side effects.
I think there are very few if any reasons why stopping drinking would be the wrong decision. Consider that you are here sharing and asking questions. It's probably the right decision but you're the only one that can decide that for yourself. ..I'm on my 3rd day today and still struggling with whether or not I should quit or keep going. This is after a night of heavy drinking (and driving home) while my husband was home wondering if I was dead because I was too drunk and absent-minded to check my phone and notice I told him I was on my way home several hours prior. Followed by a 2 day mental and physical hangover. And now I'm depressed. I'm in the right place but that doesn't mean my brain won't fight it. ..You may or may not have made decisions that are as stupid as mine but I still invite you to stick around here with me. I won't drink with you today.
Well said. 
