-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cmbae/i_still_havent_accepting_quitting_for_good/

Every time I'm detoxing I say: I'm never going through this again. Then when I start feeling better and loose that inspiration I say: Well I'm not gonna quit for good I'll just take a long break...Then it's maybe a month of anxious boredom followed by a relapse a bender then withdrawal and I'm back to square 1. ..What will it take?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think anyone can answer that question for you. What I can tell you is that I asked myself that question a thousand times. It's only when I accepted that I could not do it alone and went to AA that I really started to make progress.
[removed]
I tried to get better on my own without success. A therapist got me started on the road to recovery.
It will take wanting to do it for yourself. No amount of outside influence can sway us when the resolve isn't there. You are the best reason there is because you're worth it.
So "What will it take?"..You've posed the question...The probability that *anyone* here could convince you to do anything is like......Zero... Right?..So a question only you can answer:.."What would you have to hear so that you'd go 'OMG!  NOW I understand!  I'm really going to quit for good?"..What's your inclination?..
I went through that same pattern for quite some time before it finally clicked. I just kept trying and eventually everything aligned.
It took going to AA for me to break that cycle. 
I needed to do it for myself but I needed help and support.  For me it was therapy and SD but even as a non religious guy I recognize that AA could serve the same purpose.  The desire comes from within and the support from others!
One day at a time
I'm going through the same thing as you right now. I go on a 3-5 day bender taper off/detox and say I'm never going through it again. I've done that 6 or 7 times now. It's time to quit for good for both of us.
I struggle with this. I have no problem not drinking but telling myself that I'll never drink again is quite the commitment. However I try to focus on the fact that continuing to drink will shorten my life and I've come to realize that I have only one shot at life and a lot to live for. That's what is working for me. 
Not to get into the physco babble but what's the underlying thing pushing you to drink?.I know for me it's depression or emotional pain. If I'm depressed I just want to sleep and a few shots helps that. If I'm hurt I doubt want to feel drinking helps that then I fall asleep. .I've never been one who thought that alcohol was an evil chemical that has come to make me a mess. I'm a mess and I use alcohol to help me feel like less of mess. Bottom line is a need to deal with the shit and not dodge it with drinking
