-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cnpz9/cutting_back/

dear all i'm a long time lurker and have been reading this sub to help me build up motivation to cut back the amount i drink. i don't think i was drinking to the point where it was having a serious problem on my life but it was definitely giving me issues - probably the biggest of which is some pretty bad anxiety. i was always a confident person but over the last few years i have sometimes struggled in group settings and found it increasingly difficult to drive on the highway. both of these things seem really irrational to me and it has taken me a long time to realise but i have noticed a link between how much i drink and what my 'base' anxiety levels are... and when the 'base' levels are higher it's harder to control. so i'm cutting back and i'm 7 days in now and a big part of this is thanks to the encouragement and motivation i have seen given to others on this subreddit so please everyone give yourselves a pat on the back...the first few days were ok but going to a dinner with free booze on thursday was hard to pass up but i got there. getting through a friday and saturday night without a drink was hard to pass up but i got there. and getting through a sunday afternoon without a beer is hard to pass up but i will get there. the more i get into it the harder it gets and the harder it gets the more determined i am to succeed. the past weekend i have been cranky overly tired and a little depressed and my wife is rather annoyed with me. if my drinking habit makes me feel like this then my relationship with alcohol is wrong and needs to change...the biggest thing that worries me is that i don't want to remove alcohol entirely from my life i just want to be in charge of its effects on me. i really enjoy having a few midstrength cans on a hot day when i'm fishing on the beach or going out to a craft beer bar with my mates or sharing a bottle of wine over a nice dinner with my wife or having a nice scotch as a reward for a project well finished. the fear of my relationship with alcohol being "all in" or "not drinking" has long put me off starting a non-drinking period and now that i've started i want to set myself some realistic goals about how long i shouldn't drink for and how i can drink again in moderation but do it in a way that it's not harmful on myself. i notice a lot of people on this sub are aiming for long-term sobriety and whilst i admire your determination and strength this is not where i want to be. how do i get myself into a positive relationship with alcohol? thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I won't be anything I haven't said before or others but it was only when I quit worrying about 'forever' that sobriety felt possible.  I don't know what the future holds only that today staying sober seems like the right choice for me - the only way I know 100% for sure I will not be drunk tonight is avoiding the first drink.  So I'm not drinking today.  I always enjoyed the things you mention but was it the booze?...&gt; i really enjoy having a few midstrength cans on a hot day when i'm fishing on the beach or going out to a craft beer bar with my mates or sharing a bottle of wine over a nice dinner with my wife or having a nice scotch as a reward for a project well finished. ..Are you sure it's a few cans you enjoy or the beach?  Going out to the bar or going out with your friends?  Sharing a bottle of wine with your wife  over a nice dinner or sharing time with your wife during a nice dinner?..Would any of those activities be horrible without booze?  Why?  I know for me why I was scared of those things which was I didn't want the beach time with friends or wife.  I wanted to feed my addiction.  Saying I couldn't enjoy a nice meal without booze was my addiction talking.  Since I've been sober (almost two months with one lapse) I've found that I can enjoy dinner with a seltzer.  Friends are still fun at the coffee house without booze.  The beach is still entertaining with a soda...The longer I go the more I realize the wisdom of others here at SD.  It's the same 24 hours for all of us 1 day in or 10 years in.  ..Thanks for sharing your feelings I struggle with that too...but put those thoughts aside and focus on today.  And I won't drink with you today.
Maybe just doing what you are doing is the right thing for you. Take a break and re-asses. Quit for a while and bring the baseline anxiety level down. If later you have a scotch or some wine and that's what works for you rock on. ..Now as for me I suck at moderating so after quitting and moderating and ramping up and quitting again I'm pretty much convinced that at this point abstaining for good is the best thing for me. May not end up that way for you...Congrats on your journey of exploration however it looks and / or works for you.
I started realizing that booze played a completely different role in my life than other beverages.  I could easily turn down a free Coke if someone offered but never free cocktails.  Why is that if I don't have a problem?  I should be able to pass it up sometimes but I never could.  And one or two never did it for me because I really liked the first maybe hour and a half of a good drunk.  I simply love the way alcohol makes me feel.  Do you find the same?..If you can moderate and be successful I admire you and I wish I had what you have.  It just didn't work for me.  Now I'm just focusing on not drinking today and only today.  I do wish you the very best of luck!
[deleted]
