-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cpdru/checking_in/

Hi everybody I am so happy to have found this subreddit. I feel connected to everyone who suffers from alcohol related issues and I wanted to check in and share my story... ..I been trying to stop drinking entirely relapsed a couple of times after my longest attempt of 14 days after that relapsed on and off. The last attempt failed last week stranded after 6 days. I hope holding a badge here and checking in at the most difficult times will keep my spirit strong and help others where I can. ..A little story about myself I am 44 years old. I have been drinking for almost 27 years but for the longest time not to any excess. Two glasses of wine before bed sometimes a bit more. ..Drinking at a friend's place seemed to always be a common thing we shared (as there was never much deep discussions going on between us) and we almost made it a game to "drink in sync" so that he or I didn't have to walk twice to get new and interrupt the movie too much. So to say we always had one too many on those evenings. I came on bike (trying to be responsible at least) and before biking home I downed at least five 1/2 liters of beer. I remember those rides home as the longest and most painful in my life (you don't see obstacles well when you are drunk). When I took the car I tried to limit drinking at his place which he made sure I would by stating "if I get you a third you can take the bus home". But I noticed that although I drunk less as his place I drunk more at home. As some kind of "anti-destressor" going to bed routine. ..And this "anti-destressor" bedtime drinking is what got to me over the years and finally drove me to the conclusion I was screwing with my health life ability to function and perform at the top peak I needed to perform at work. It started with a couple of glasses of wine per evening but slowly transitioned to strong proof beer...This gradually went to 81012% 1/2 liters of beer. Mostly 2 sometimes chased with some Vodka or even wine when I didn't feel the edge was off. That was on most evenings. Three years ago I started to get sweatty aches and feverish feelings when waking up and during the day assuming my alcohol abuse was doing this detoxing and hangovers and all. I suffer a mild form of epilepsy which never bothered me and I also thought that it might be a neurological issue where my motoric skills and concentration were reduced. I could not form a coherent sentence without stuttering or feeling so impaired. It always subsided and at the end of the day I could hardly remember and dismissed it until it started to impact my work proscatinated at home and the stress of having a family started to build. ..My wife has health issues and can't do as much around the house that means I am left caring for my daughter a lot next to house chores and a demanding job. And all that time stress built. The window between unwinding and resting before sleeping narrowed. I relied on alcohol more and more to lull me into a few hours of oblivion right into sleep. It took me a long time to realise that this "relaxing" with alcohol was borrowing energy and possibilities from the next day just added to the stress the next morning as I was less effective during the day and I felt more and more need to unwind with alcohol for feeling so incompetent during the day. Viscious circle going on right there. ..The aches and problems with my health came and went. Some days I was performing excellent some days average but my average is other what co-workers see as good enough. There was never really an issue as long as I stayed functional but I felt in the more demanding projects I was just not performing my best like I lost my shine. Which gave me more stress. ..The urge grew that I needed to stop. This is not me. I snapped more and more at home grew intolerant started to lose my creative ability my humor my witty remarks I was not the fun person anymore that I liked to be. Tasks slipped anxiety of it grew stress grew the amount of alcohol intake slowly grew with it but no more!..I decided to do a 'geek' challenge. 256 hours without alcohol (for non-computer nerds this is a byte) and I called it "taking a byte out of alcohol". I almost made it. 240 hours give or take 10 days. And I relapsed. Then I read Allen Carl's book and managed to stay sober for almost two weeks. It felt like a struggle on most days. Of course the stress was still there and with every stressful home-coming more chores to do and no time to unwind the desire to drink made me desperately insane. In a shaky stressful mess I would count down the hours before the store would close (luckily I live in a country where after 8pm stores close and biking to town to get booze was more obvious than saying I needed to "run a quick errand"). I stuck to it felt better capable of coping with the stress found better ways to make sure life would not be so stressful felt more relaxed but the time I was off the drinking my body still showed those health issues. ..The pain on certain spots the shakiness fever still came and went. Now I knew this was not (only) alcohol related. I went to see a doctor. It seemed to be an ongoing inflammation or infection for years caused by something completely different. I am currently in the process of of getting that figured out but it helped me to make my decision to stop with alcohol definitive...Now I see alcohol for what it really is. A health issue masking life threatening undermining piece of cr*p. I want to be done with it. I want to be in control of my life be able to monitor my health better be at my best health to battle whatever is going on in my body make more weighted and rational decisions and go through the day with almost no stress. Although that last one is still a desired goal I learned the hard way that drinking today gives more stress the next day. I don't want alcohol to mess with issues related to epilepsy as it is bad enough to deal with that when it emerges. I had to learn the hard way that alcohol never makes anything better. It only makes things worse. It does not stop until I stop it. ..I will not be drinking with you today!.- Cheers! .
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here !..Lot's of resources support and caring...Thanks for your post!..Have a plan you can share about your approach?..Today I forgo just ONE drink - The First One
I appreciate the effort at 256 hours (math guy here)!  I'm a similar age and somewhat similar situation.  I "had" to drink two bottles of wine a night to destress from my corporate management position deal with kids and wife etc.  And if I didn't feel a "buzz" (it wasn't a buzz it was a drunken blackout coming on) I added a few glasses of whiskey...I quit for a million reasons and one.  The million reasons were therapy my relationship my kids my career safety health self image etc etc.  The one was for me.  I realized I have only the one life and this was not how I wanted to live it or end it.  Not to be a better husband or dad or something or anything.  Selfishly for me.  Therapy helped a lot meditation is changing my life and SD focuses me and encourages me...But the one thing that is helping me most is the concept of 24 hours.  I don't quit forever or until the weekend or Christmas I just don't drink today.  The first thing I do when I wake up is to resolve not to drink today.  I know what I am doing today and how I will avoid alcohol if today puts me in its path...If I can do it you can we were in very similar places.  I couldn't have done it alone - I lean on my therapy and SD seems to get great results from AA.  I read a lot about sobriety and addiction both success and horror stories.  And I pledge daily not to drink...I won't drink with you today!
Welcome to SD!
Thanks for sharing your story....&gt;256 hours without alcohol .. I called it "taking a byte out of alcohol"...I love it!  Very clever.
Glad to see you here! 
&gt; I relied on alcohol more and more to lull me into a few hours of oblivion right into sleep. It took me a long time to realise that this "relaxing" with alcohol was borrowing energy and possibilities from the next day just added to the stress the next morning as I was less effective during the day and I felt more and more need to unwind with alcohol for feeling so incompetent during the day. Viscious circle going on right there...So much this your story is very similar to mine.  This is my first attempt to quit for more than a few days (once a week) for 7/8 years but I feel like my perspective on alcohol has really changed and I now need to try abstaining.  So far it's been great this subreddit helps so much.  You get to hear people speaking from all the different points along the path of addiction - including those in the worst of it who make you happy about how far you've come those who have relapsed to remind you to remain vigilant and those who have maintained long-term sobriety to motivate you.  Welcome I will not drink with you today.
