-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cvhf1/massive_relapse_from_anxiety/

.Need to reset and start fresh. Over the last few weeks I've been dealing with a lot of anxiety over looking for a job after my contract with my last firm expired (not alcohol related). Initially I was optimistic that I could get something quickly but as the weeks dragged on I've been getting more worried and less confident. Last week I would do well during the day but at night I started having 2-4 drinks to help me sleep since I was lying awake until morning. Then last Thursday I got news that I'd been cut from yet another interview process and I reacted by running down to the liquor store and buying wine. One bottle became two and then before I knew it I was at a bar with one of my old drinking buddies at 2 am. I knew I shouldn't have gone and I remember for a split second feeling guilty because a) I should've been in bed getting ready to make calls and keep looking early the next morning and b) my tab was $200 that I did not have. Between the two of us I don't even know how much we drank but I took a pretty bad tumble down the stairs too. I woke up the next afternoon in pain from both the hangover and the fall and much to my dismay I found that my brother has stocked the fridge for the weekend with tons of beer and wine. I decided to have just one or two to help me ease the pain. Well I don't have to tell you how that went but I didn't get remotely sober again until Sunday morning. The hangover I had was catastrophic. I couldn't even keep plain tea down. Now here I am after a night of insomnia nightsweats and the shakes. My heart is pounding and my anxiety has become worse than ever. Does anyone have any good coping strategies for anxiety? 
----------immediate responses--------

I am in the same position of job hunting and anxiety. I have no advice as I keep using it as an excuse to go back to my habits. I just wanted to say that I understand and you're not alone. I won't drink with you today. 
Honestly you just got to ride it out. Once you feel better physically the anxiety will start to fade away. Get some exercise in like a legitimate one where you've sweat out some toxins. Pick up some Kava Tea. Eat healthy. If you're doing positive stuff or eating positive stuff it'll have a positive effect on your psyche. 
Alcohol gives me anxiety.  I still have anxiety when I am not drinking but not as bad.  I do a lot of slow deep breathing which helps.  I'd like to meditate more often.  Anxiety can't be locked or shut out you must leave the door to your mind open.  Believing that everything will be OK in time is comforting - as long as I don't take that first drink.
I used to be on Xanax but I gave it up about 6 months ago. So I can only speak to what helped me. When I was having an anxiety attack I wrote down exactly what I was feeling. Heart palpitations narrowing vision narrowing throat whatever. I kept a written record. As I wrote this down I noted that none of these symptoms had ever killed me or hospitalized me before. I had this constellation of symptoms many times and I always got through them without anything traumatizing happening. The symptoms were always self-resolving. I just had to wait for the resolution to happen. And I had to acknowledge that for me my anxiety wasn't caused by anything in particular. It just was. ..I don't know how long you've been sober before this weekend but it also really helps me not to be hungover. I'm going to get anxiety attacks that's just part of my life. But they're survivable. I shouldn't recommend this but if a get a really horrible one I take some Benadryl.
