-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cvrr7/memory/

This is a bit rambling so skip to after the asterisks for the question if you want..Since I stopped drinking I of course can remember things better. The extent to which I can barely remember long periods of times and struggling to piece together shards of memory and further order them chronologically has been really disturbing and upsetting. I feel like my partner knows better than I what I was doing for the four months before I stopped drinking and we don't even live in the same city. .I know it will take time for my memory to improve in neurological terms but I feel like the larger problem is trying to get yourself out of that mode of thinking that just wants passage   doesn't want to remember to make memories; just wants to keep rushing ahead wants to finish this drink already to get on to the next until you can't remember how many you've had until you don't even remember that you already HAVE a drink and open or pour or order one. The alcoholic drive to amnesis is twofold: it's not just that alcohol induces short-term memory and diminishes one's capacity to remember the present in the future; it's further that addiction in general is oriented towards the next which never really comes....************.Anyhow I'm just wondering if anyone who feels they've improved their memory could say a little something about it. Meditation? Gingko biloba? Method of loci? Journaling? Nootropics? CBT? Hypnosis? .Thanks. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on mobile so I can't see how much time you have but I found out to about a year my brain was pretty fuzzy. I found counselling to be really helpful with my brain including memory because anxiety was making it hard to concentrate and remember things. Have you tried anything that works so far?
I knew an older guy that started taking gingko and he slowly began to go blind. Doctors could not figure out why and prepared him for the worst. However it finally dawned on him that the gingko might be the cause since he had no eye problems until after he started it. He stopped the gingko and his eyesight slowly went back to normal. 
Hi there :) You can add some brain food to your diet if you want better memory. Fish oil/omega 3 - high quality - is an excellent memory booster. I always took double doses when reading to an exam and what I read stuck then. You could add avocados almonds etc. for better brain function. Google brain food and you will get many tips. Good luck :)
