-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cwys4/shame/

I don't know where to start. I spent my entire weekend in a drunken stupor. I made a fool of myself in front of my son when his dad brought him home. I can't afford to lose my child. I am done with alcohol but I've tried so many times and then I relapse. I've never posted here before but I needed to do this today in the hopes that I will get good feedback and support. This is day one and I'm going to be successful this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. What is going to make this time successful? What will be different this time?  Willpower alone did not work for me.  I needed the support of other people who'd drank like I did and found a way to stop. I found these people in AA meetings.
Thank you for posting and sharing this. I'm sorry to hear about your weekend. It's always helpful for me to think about how I never have to be THAT person again. You don't either. You can do this! ..Do you have any sort of plan to stay sober? 
You've committed to the community your son and yourself to quit drinking. You've posted about it. Just a quick tip if you find yourself wanting to drink or in a stressful situation and saying "fuck it" read back your post to yourself. ..It'll rehash what happened and make you want to not make the same mistakes. Let your post serve as a constant reminder to help keep you sober. 
Ugh I'm sorry you're going through that.  I know the feeling...so regretful and ashamed.  For me as painful and difficult as those feelings were they have been drivers for me to get and more importantly STAY sober.  
The daily check-in is one of the best tools for me. Any time drinking is a possibility I just think about the pledge I made to stay sober today. I take those pledges seriously so breaking it requires a lot of thought!..I often make the pledge before bed so I'm on the hook for the next day. Other times I'll make it in the morning when I'm very sober and at work which means I'm on the hook through the tougher time of post-work activities...I've found it very helpful and you may also! Welcome I'll not drink with you today.
welcome you are not alone.
I will not drink with you today also. You are never alone here. 
