-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cxmlx/getting_off_sweets/

So I had the worst detox of my life after a relapse led to a 5 day bender while in NYC. When I came home I had the shakes sweats anxiety couldn't close my eyes without vivid visions suicidal thoughts... It was terrible. 3 days in I was still battling severe depression and anxiety when my sponsor asked me "what is your favorite sweet?" I said "donuts". He said "go get 3 donuts milk and OJ." I did and holy shit I felt much much better. I'm 7 days out now and still have this huge craving for sweets. when does it end? Or do I just need to quit the sweets? I'm just worried I'm replacing one addiction with another now.
----------immediate responses--------

Comforting myself with food was very therapeutic in early recovery...I was gentle with myself and I eat better now than I ever have in my adult life...I tell myself that it's a journey.
Take it one donut at a time :)..It's fine to compensate with sweets the first days and even occasionally after that; just try to gradually shift to healthier food...
[removed]
"When does it end?"..Breathe!   Take a few breaths!..As u/VictoriaElaine suggested "be gentle with yourself"...If it was me I wouldn't worry about the doughnuts for a while.  I'd get solidly back in sobriety...Better nutrition is easier to build than detoxing and relapsing!..Let us know how it goes!
I still eat a ton of sugar and drink soda. I have found whenever I'm bummed about not drinking I get myself a nice soda mocktail and it settles me down. ..During my detox my sponsor told me to put sugar in my water and I did it helped immensely and immediately. ..I'm sure you know that alcohol metabolizes as sugar. When I learned this I was much less hesitant to cut back on the sweets. ..My soda consumption is down a lot but I did just buy three boxes of belgian chocolates to keep in front of the TV... LOL...My thought? I gotta be able to enjoy life with what I can so if that's sugar so be it :)
