-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5cxwll/125_days_33_year_old_and_thanks_to_pokemon_go_i/

Hello SD. I don't have any profound words of wisdom to proclaim but I felt compelled to write something. I have been trying to quit for many years and have been subsribed to this subreddit for maybe 3. This is my real account and I have nothing to hide. I was an emerging alcoholic and I finally beat it...In early July Pokemon Go came out and say what you want about that game it helped me quit. I essentially replaced one addiction with another but that night it was released I downed my last bottle of Johnny Walker. I used the motivation of needing to walk outside and in public to replace my desire to drink after work everyday. I don't do either now and drinking didn't come back...I have had many semi-successful attempts but always relapsed on some sort of reward driven justification my genius addiction brain came up with. I know this is the time finally and I don't feel its control over me. ..Who am I? 33 year old geek with 1 alcoholic parent who gave up and carrying your standard mental issues. I am a late bloomer and didn't really start drinking like this until late 20s. 12pack of beer+ a night with a bottle of Scotch a night towards the end. Did quitting the drink magically heal me of all my problems? No way and that's okay. I'm the same person I was when I was a drunk but now I'm not hiding from it. Not to mention my health thanks me...I can't tell you how many times I read someone's story during my attempts at freedom so I will leave this here and an attempt to speak to someone. Please know we are all wired the same way and understand completely why you are the way you are. I am the same. It can be done and just surround yourself with whatever/whoever will help you. Good luck.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!  ..Your story is inspiring and I hope many read it here...Please post often!
I still play too! I love it lol. My niece and nephew pay it with me gets me to check out new places  go hiking walk more (damn eggs) and I have met some pretty cool people too. ..High five!
I like this post.  Congratulations on 125 days. Gotta catch em all. 
