-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5d5jzn/thank_you_this_naked_mind/

This book has been invaluable to my sobriety. Thank you for being the small bit of hope that I have clung to during the worst days. I honestly think I'd be drinking today if it weren't for that book. If any of you are struggling and want to read it it's free to read in the featured book section on the right of this page. ..Have any of you read it? What has it done for your sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I've been meaning to read it but kept putting it off because I thought it was gonna be a pain to download with software or what not...So thanks your post encouraged me to get off my butt and grab it and was much easier than I thought.
It made a significant difference for me also. Prior to reading i could withstand my cravings for 2 weeks maximum. Now i'm finding my mind has changed and i do not have any cravings no exaggeration. Others may not find the book as useful as it has been for me but it is definitely worth a shot.
Yes!  Some kind soul had mentioned it here while I was lurking in my first week.  I'm really glad I read it.  I feel like it helped me to not feel like I was missing out or craving alcohol.  Furthermore it just helped to read a book like this and open my mind to further reading about addiction and recovery and actually participate in posts here etc.  Thanks Annie Grace!  And thank you SD!
Got it on my Kindle to read on my first trip since quitting. (Airports! Airplanes! Hotel bars! I love them!) 
This has been invaluable to me. I found it a bit slow-going at first but ultimately it really opened up my eyes as to how alcohol is so ingrained in our culture and all the ways it can make you want to drink. The book really did expose the truth about alcohol and made it way easier for me to see it for what it really is. And also that I have the power to not buy into all of that nonsense. That was an eye-opener for me.
My favorite takeaway from the book was that I am not inherently flawed. That an addictive substance was working effectively on my biology and my biology was acting accordingly. This took away my guilt and shame and let me just get down to the business of getting sober with the right frame of mind.
just finished it today. great read! I definitely needed that shift in the way I think about alcohol. Helps me to be much more mindful when I get cravings
That book really helped me understand the physical effects I was battling both mentally and physically in early sobriety. I also made peace with the societal and cultural issues encouraging people to drink...In the past I was schooled in an AA doctrine that alcoholism was a spiritual disease. I was never able to accept the doctrine and the over-thinking about God and what it had to do my inability to stop drinking had me out the door time and time again...That book was an eye-opener and I made some peace with alcoholism. The desire to drink is gone (today and lately anyway) and I look at drinking as a lifestyle choice I've opted out of...Thanks to that book I can also use AA as a self-help group and not get too involved with the literature. I can truly take what I need and leave the rest. I have an isolating life; my career is remote and so is my location. Having AA as a place to go just to be around other drunks who quit drinking is a tremendous help to me.
