-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dafis/made_it_a_yearthen_relapsed/

This year has been so hard for everyone in my life and I was so proud of myself for making it a year. Till I relapsed one night of drinking then sadness and regret. I'm sad that I threw away all that sobriety but it reminded me to stay on my toes. All I can do now is start anew and be thankful that it was only one night and nothing terrible happened I still have my family and my job just lost a bit of my self respect. I start seeing a therapist tomorrow hopefully that will help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry about your relapse.  I would try and focus on it being one day and that it did not wipe out all my sober time unless I allow it to continue.
It is just one day. Sounds like you acknowledged what happened and are doing something about it. What I've learned in SMART meetings is that lapses that you learn from are a part of normal recovery. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome back.   I admire your honesty here.  Wishing you the best!
Welcome back. You did well to post this and take action. I had a relapse after a long sober stint and it took me ten years to make it back. Your plan is certainly better than mine was. Don't hold anything back with your therapist. I wish you the best.
Welcome back!  You still have that year and nothing can take that away from you :)..Really well done to get on top of the situation right away and get back on track!
&gt;I still have my family and my job ..All was not thrown away my friend.  Glad you're still with us.
I relapsed after 12 years sober and stayed drinking for the next 8 years. You are already moving forward with a better plan than I had good for you! I choose to look at it that because I DID stay sober for 12 years I know how to do it and so far I've not gotten sucked into a mire of regret. 
one year is quite the accomplishment.  be proud
This sounds like a valuable lesson to me. I will not drink with you today!
One day out of a year equates to having been sober 99.73% of the time. That is a huge accomplishment u/AshleySpruce. ..Please keep your head up and proceed onwards and upwards! 
Hey focus on the fact that you were able to come right back to the dedication to continue stopping drinking. Super glad you are here and aren't allowing the drinking to continue. 
Making it to a year is an amazing accomplishment. As others pointed out you were sober for more than 99% of the time. Be proud of that. And be proud that you're dusting yourself off. ..Try to remember why it is that we fall and take what positives you can from it. Best of luck moving forward! /internethugs 
Congratulations on a year that is a huge feat. Maybe you just needed a reminder that drinking isn't all that we build it up in our minds to be. That day is over good for you for not letting it keep you down. 
My heart goes out to you.  Sending you strength.
but a year seriously... still a massive win in my book.!
It's not about the mistakes we make in life. It's about how we carry ourselves after we make them...By that measure you're doing exceedingly well. Congratulations on your progress!
Hugs! You should still be proud of your sobriety and the fact that you are holding yourself accountable..I know you're disappointed in yourself but please forgive yourself and forge ahead. :)
You didn't shit the bed you just sharted a little. One day a year is not bad. 
Nobody can take that year of sobriety away from you.  That's something of which you can be rightfully proud.  You're back on track now and I'm betting you got this.  : )
In the last 366 days you've only drank one time.  That's impressive!
No advice here but you have enough on your plate today so just take care of today and enjoy the moment. Yesterday is History and Tomorrow is a mystery. Could it be a novel? 
[removed]
You will always have that year. Always. You own that. And you immediately got back on track. You must be very strong. You got this. Take care! D
If you're driving from New York to California and your car breaks down halfway you don't start over back in NY. You get your car fixed and you keep going. You made it an entire year this is just a minor speed bump in your journey and you have many years of sobriety to come!
Welcome back. I'm grateful for the story..temptation subsided
Not sure what to say but I hope this helps you put it in perspective in terms of how long a year is when it comes to drug addiction...I quit cigarettes and nicotine for one year. That was the deal. Exactly one day after I smoked.  I did the same deal for another year. Thought about smoking again after the year was up but I decided I didn't want to go down that same path. I've been off nicotine for 16 years now. I will never use the stuff again...You can do this. One year is as a day in the grand scheme of things. For me I just had to decide what I really wanted. Those two years set me up for a lifetime...Good luck. Stay strong. It can be harder after a relapse like that but you also are a stronger person from the year under your belt and you know more.
I'm sorry about your relapse   and the regret that came with it. But I congratulate you on immediately pulling yourself back up and not allowing that one day to turn into days months or worse. Your post is an inspiration to always be aware. Good luck in moving forward!
Sorry about your relapse. Now grab yourself by the neck and don't re-relapse. And thank you for the reminder as someone coming close to a year...
