-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dtt3y/a_real_life_miracle_occurred/

Yesterday something happened that I wanted to share with someone because it has been what I would consider a "real life miracle". ..For longer than I can remember I struggled with using drugs and alcohol. I was prescribed adderall for ADHD and turned to abusing it in response to academic career and general life related stress. I used alcohol to cope with social anxiety and loneliness. My using eventually became a huge source of grief anxiety and depression in my life but I could never overcome the disease because of a set of limiting beliefs I had. .."I need adderall to manage my ADHD" .."I can't have fun without alcohol" .."I can't be successful without pills" .."I can't be happy without drugs and alcohol"..But yesterday I started reading a book called "Self Discipline in 10 Days". What it really is about is how to illicit a change within yourself. It talks about how a certain part of you does not want to change and will deploy certain tactics to prevent this change in the form of negative self talk. No bs its basic psychology that your brain uses thoughts/mental chatter to form beliefs and will subconsciously act out in ways that align your set of beliefs with reality. And that's when it clicked you guys. ..I am not my thoughts. The limiting beliefs are merely lies and defense mechanisms my brain used to keep me on drugs and alcohol. It's so freeing to detach from the negative self talk that kept me a slave to using for so long and I now feel a sense of joy that I haven't experienced in years. It's like I have reached a higher state of consciousness. If you are looking to change your life I cannot recommend the book enough it's actually free online. You must print it out do the written exercises and commit fully though...https://dreffat.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/self-discipline-in-10-days-how-to-go-from-thinking-to-doing.pdf.......
----------immediate responses--------

Oh god this is so true. I'm gonna get this book for my arsenal.
I've bookmarked your link can't wait to start reading!!!
Thank you! I love workbook type things especially so this is fantastic.
I LOVE this. I started reading last night after you so kindly posted the link. I am hooked! I love thinking of the Hyde part of my brain!!! Thank you so much   
