-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5dvud6/resetting_after_14_months/

I've slipped and I need help getting back. It wasn't an urge nor a craving and I'm still struggling to understand why I decided to drink. I've fought off and said no to urges and compulsions that were much worse. Feeling very down especially after 14 months of sobriety. Maybe that was my problem. I thought I had all the power but maybe now it's time to surrender the notion that I am in complete control. I'm living abroad so I don't have any real support group in person. Not drinking today. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back :) you did it once you can do it again.
14 months is a lot of days strung together to be proud of.  I like when other people say relapses can be "experiments" to see if you're ready to moderate again.  The lessons you learned from this experiment can help you be more successful next time!  I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
I am in complete control until I consume alcohol. Once I stopped trying to control that which I cannot I became free...I will not drink with you!
Welcome back. I hear you I had 18 months the time before this and drank for whatever reason it stung really bad when I came to but with the help of SD I found my way back on march 28 2014 and haven't drank since so it is possible to bounce back after a slip I did and you can too. Just take it one day at a time it will get better. Just wanted to say hello and offer support peace and good vibes.
I'm glad you're back. We're here for you!
No need to beat yourself up! You went 14 months and that's fkn awesome. Way more than I've ever done. Dust yourself off. .
You know you can do it.  Fourteen months is huge.  Yes you slipped.  But you know it's possible to get and stay sober.  Get back in the saddle and charge forward!!!  Those 14 months still count.  Just start adding to it again.  We are here for you!
[deleted]
Forget that shame that comes from the slip(it's there or at least was for me) and remember a time when you were happy and confident in your sobriety. I found that everything I had was still within me but I had to choose to acknowledge it.
14 months is awesome. You're straight back here you've got this. I'm inspired by you. It's a journey not a destination. So you took a little detour down the wrong street you've backed up and now your journey continues. Well done. Don't beat yourself up for being human praise yourself for your honesty and the determination to continue on your sober path. I choose to not drink with you today. Hug x
Was it out of curiosity or the case of a "what if .." ? I'm asking because I imagine after a year sober these questions will pop in my mind. Welcome back you can do it all over again.
Glad you are here. I struggle with thinking I can control this also. Your post will help others to not give in...Thank you.
Let this sub be your support.  It's here 24/7 ... 14 months is something to be proud of.  You certainly figured out a lot about yourself and made it for over a year! This is just a temporary setback.  Not a permeant relapse.  Your body is so happy with the 14 months of sobriety....your liver would give you a hug if it could. 
Take care and welcome back! You can do this you've got a great track record. I'm living abroad as well but I've found an AA group that is semi-bilingual with many of the members quite strong with their English. I also lucked out and there is a fellow gringo with 18 years sobriety who has become my sponsor helping me with sobriety and the language so its possible. Maybe where you are has a group maybe not but online resources are there. I won't drink with you today! Take care!
