-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5e43ng/struggling_over_here_decided_to_drink_on_friday/

Knowing I need your support. Knowing I need a reset both physically and mentally. I'm happy to the outside world but just mediocre in my head. I need to make some changes and get back on track especially with the holidays coming up. I'm not perfect but I know the life I am working towards. It does not involve arguments that come out of nowhere about something unimportant. It does not involve waking up in the night frustrated because I can't sleep. That's what alcohol does to me. Let me clarify I'm not expecting perfect. I'm hoping for 'better'. ..I don't have a stash of non-alcoholic drinks anymore as a go to. My tea collection is blah. I'll be going to the store today and changing this. My daily ice cream isn't even good anymore. I need to change the daily check-in to a nightly check-in not a morning check-in. I need to check-in at THE TIME I WANT TO DRINK. ..My son is home on Wednesday from college. My other son was here when I drank on Friday. No one saw the two glasses of wine I had yesterday. I wasn't hiding it but I happened to be alone. They are one of my inspirations. My well-being and how I approach life is my number one inspiration. ..Anyhow. Here I am. Disappointed I gave in to the urge but not giving in for good. I feel significantly better than I felt back in March but I'm not 'there' yet. Thanks for being here listening and being part of my support! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. You have helped me in the past and continue to do so. It is interesting that something as seemingly minor as not having a refrigerator full of great NA beverages or letting one's stash of good teas languish can be a barrier to sobriety.
Hang on there Moms you've done a lot of good work here and you probably don't want to just chuck it all. It took me REPEATED tries to get focused. Don't let one mistake throw you off if you want to quit you can. Don't let any guilt bring you down.  I won't drink with you today one day at a time  it can work. 
good luck and this time of year is tough for everyone.  Don't let one slip up define you.  ..sidenote I read your username as all one one word and was very confused for a second. 
Hang in there!  The holidays can be a tough time for me too. Have fun restocking at the store.  Get some good shit and take care of yourself.  Got any holiday races you could sign up for as something positive to look forward to?
MWR *there is no "there" there.*  You are here and that's what's important -- being honest with yourself (and us).  Sending you lots of love and good juju.  Give your boy an extra hug for me; mine's not coming home for Thanksgiving (first time ever) and I'm feeling sad about that. [Hang in there!](http://i.imgur.com/VKbWOq7.jpg)
Sending Cyber Support!
Don't beat yourself up. Big deal you had a couple glasses of wine. No one is keeping score. Just don't drink today...Guilt is pointless.
Hey there Momma! Sorry I didn't see this sooner. OK so I'm very happy that you're here but how are you feeling? Ughhh when I read that your tea collection is blah and the ice cream isn't even that good I couldn't wait to tell you that I've been feeling that way too! So I went out yesterday and bought 2 new things: Chocolate Mint Truffle tea and Brownie Fudge Sundae B&amp;J froyo. Hopefully you can mix it up a bit?..Please don't beat yourself up hon we're all here for you and cheering you on :). Maybe try to get to sleep early tonight go for a run try to feel better. Love ya xo :)
