-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5e5s6n/asking_for_help/

I had some very strong cravings this past Saturday night. I knew it was going to be a difficult night all day long. I could feel it coming. I didn't end up drinking just eating way too much and indulging my sweet tooth and I'm proud of myself for that. However I am disappointed in myself because I didn't reach out for help. I had a really really rough night and ended up going to bed nearly in tears praying for God's help and I'm not even that religious. I could've logged onto SD could've called my brother who also struggles with this or called another supportive friend but I didn't. I just sat and stewed and got angry and frustrated. Any advice for breaking through and just reaching out to ask for help when I'm struggling? ..I won't drink with you all today.    
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work! Take it easy on yourself there partner. You made it through so whatever you did was what you needed to do. I try to keep in mind that I can always call my support network just to check in even when I am not in need of immediate support. Congrats on 28 days!
Is there any reason you feel you can't reach out for help? I'm a very stubborn person :) so I feel I can take on whatever the burden is and handle the task myself. I very rarely ask for help with something. However I learned from slowly killing myself with drinking and anxiety that you have to make the leap over that barrier and get past whatever is holding you back and just go for it. Once I got past my stubbornness and pride of being able to do everything myself I grew my support network for when I needed help and things are a lot better now.
[deleted]
it's difficult for me to ask for help because I don't want to burden other people. so it helps me to swap myself with someone in need in my head:..say my best friend called me crying because she just had a shit day. would I step outside and talk her through it for ten minutes? ..say one of my employees asked if they could leave work early because they're going through some personal stuff at home. would I ask them if there was anything else we could do to make sure they're healthy and the work gets done?..say a stranger on SD is home alone battling some serious cravings. would I (and dozens of others) write an encouraging note?..the answer to all of the above is a resounding Hell Yes. I would gladly do all of these things! so I need to have faith that others will gladly do this for me too. the burden is imaginary. in fact by asking for help I'm not only doing something positive for myself but I'm allowing other people to show up for me and that lets them feel good too. 
