-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5e90gq/i_am_not_a_special_fancy_unique_flower/

Day 9. Past the first sober weekend.  It was kind of moody but starting to get that rad feeling of "holy shit not dead on Monday at work" and "holy shit Sunday morning and I am ready to go"...I have never had this subreddit on previous sobriety stretches.  It has been really wonderful supporting and uplifting to read and realize that my fears are not unique.  The lies I tell myself are not unique. My fuck ups shame feelings shakes cold sweats are not unique.  Usually humans want to feel different special one of a kind.  This time I take great comfort in my sameness --- we are not alone in this struggle and the stupid decisions we have made are not because we are the most terrible weak drunks out there --- don't know if I am saying that right but THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME GET THE IDEA THAT WHAT I AM GOING THROUGH IS IF NOT NORMAL SOMETHING OTHER PEOPLE STRUGGLE WITH TOO. THANK YOU.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I have never had this subreddit on previous sobriety stretches...The is a first for me too.  I've found is more than helpful.
The best thing about not being a special fancy unique flower is that YOU ARE NOT ALONE!! So welcome home and keep up the good work!
Awesome job! Stay strong and I will not drink with you today! 
Welcome to SD :) ..&gt; Usually humans want to feel different special one of a kind. This time I take great comfort in my sameness --- we are not alone in this struggle..That is EXACTLY how I felt when I found this place. Made the difference for me. 
I didn't find this sub until months into my sobriety. It's helped me sooooo much. Congrats to you. One weekend down. That's huge. 
Could not agree more! I thought I was this tragic doomed figure fighting a struggle nobody could comprehend!!......and then I found SD and realized I was not unique as you said.  Other people had gone/were going thru the same things.  Advice warnings tips stories - all there all the time.  I love SD...I won't drink with you today! 
Yes! I totally get what you're saying! I'm glad I'm not alone in this struggle. It's great to see you here!
AWESOME! Thank you all.  This makes me super happy. ..I am totally elated right now (you know that stretch after the first wave of physical and psychological and 'habit twitch' (i.e. wtf do i do right now when normally I would be getting comfortable with a bunch of whisky) withdrawal stuff) ... getting stuff done around the house just feeling good and sober........... but trying to focus on mentally preparing for the next phase -- when the initial elation subsides and it becomes a process/effort of STAYING sober for more than a month...
