-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5en1bc/summing_up_the_last_6_months_to_stop_drinking_was/

I guess I'll start off with all the things that have improved in my life :)..  * I'm no longer tired and groggy in the morning. I can jump out of bed and be on the train to work in less than 30 minutes instead the hour or two it took before. I don't even have to skip the shower for that :P.  * It turns out that you can fall asleep even without drinking..  * I save so much money! (that I spend on music and video games but hey).  * My stomach fat is visibly receding..  * I no longer think "I'd really like to drink some 9% Belgian beer right now" almost the entire day..  * I can look at the beer aisle in a supermarket and walk out again with just my groceries and no alcohol..  * It looks like attacking one addiction can also help with others. I used to buy 3 - 10 games a month and drink 3 - 4 cups of coffee a day. Now I buy 1 game every 3 months and drink 1 cup of coffee a day..  * I'm not grumpy the entire time before having my first drink and mellow afterwards. I'm just mostly levelled out between these two states..  * I don't go to parties anymore where it's clear that the primary aim is just to get drunk. I'm not such a social animal so I can do without these..  * The parties I do go to I can stay sober or have just a single drink. I couldn't do that before...Now here are some struggles:..  * The first 3 weeks were the worst. If you're going through those please just struggle through do whatever it takes to distract you lock yourself in a room when everyone else is going to parties throw out all your alcohol. It's so important to get through this bit..  * At first I had a celebratory sweetened iced tea smoothie fruit juice lemonata or something when I got home as beer replacement. But because that's just replacing one habit with another it then took effort to break free of *that*. Getting addicted to sugary drinks can be super-unhealthy so I'd rather not...The big trick for me was daily [zazen meditation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zazen) or simply sitting. It is a very easy very boring practice that seems to automatically check under all the rocks in your mind to see if it finds any snakes and if those snakes are there they need to be dealt with. If you manage to deal with them you might slowly get rid of what causes your impulses for drinking...When I got a drinking impulse in the evening I would either compensate with a replacement drink and/or sit for 10 - 20 minutes...I wish every single one of you the same success if you're still on the path and for those who've arrived at their goal already that they manage to stay there forever.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this. As someone in the first three weeks I was inspired. Not drinking with you today and SO happy for you. Congratulations!!!
Thanks for sharing. And a big Congratulations. I'm on day 29 now after a relapse. Finally sleeping pretty good. The first 2-3 weeks were tough. Hang in there. We are all here for each other...
Brilliant thank you I strongly relate to all of that.
Thank you for sharing :)
can't wait to get there
Great post! I am inspired by it. I'm just curious have you abstained completely or do you still one drink at the party as you mentioned? I sometomes feel that I'd like to have just one without the need to drink them all...Thanks!
Way to go!
Congratulations! I totally agree with 'please just struggle through'; when I got out of detox I literally cleaned house got a new bed got comfortable and locked myself in my room. Whatever it takes!
Congrats and great list!
Right on with the zazen. Helps me too.
Great post! Could you elaborate on the zazen meditation part please? I skimmed over the Wikipedia article but I'd like to hear your thoughts on it and usage in respect to alcohol. Did you do it daily at a set time or when you had cravings? For how long? Why zazen specifically? What have you learned and/or experienced from it?
Thanks and congrats!
Great post. I don't meditate though... I just became a workaholic instead to continue running away from the snakes. Going well so far but I absolutely hate time off. Dreading the holidays :p 
the other day I had an extremely strong urge.  In truth I didn't legitimately consider drinking alcohol but there's not denying the urge was very strong.  I told myself "go meditate for 15 minutes and if you still have this urge afterwards its fair to sit down and evaluate this."..not three minutes into my sit I was laughing at the notion that I should have a drink.  ..meditation is so key.  Thanks for the post.
