-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5f8zv8/drinking_is_fun_thats_kinda_my_problem/

I relapsed. I've been drinking kind heavy for about a month. I mean I've never been a "wake up and pound a beer and then keep going" kind of drinker. I'm a "let's sit down tonight have about two cocktails and then end up finishing the bottle that night and end feeling like shit the next day" kind of drinker. I never drink to have social interactions really. I really only ever drink because I'm playing video games...Well today I looked in the mirror. Dear god what has happened to me? The worst part is that when I look at myself this seems *normal*. I'm overweight I'm sleeping late I'm doing things that aren't really healthy for me besides the drinking. ..And now I'm depressed. And I want to get rid of the stress and I want to get rid of my negative thoughts and I *want* to grab a bottle of whiskey and drink it. That's my problem. It's fun. It makes me happy. Life should make me happy but it feels like im only happy when I'm drinking...I'm no gonna drink today. I'm gonna deal with my depression the right way. I'm gonna do something productive. Maybe. Or maybe I'll just go to bed. Bed's comfortable and inviting. But I'm not gonna drink. I've been down that rabbit hole again and again and I don't like where it's taken me thus far...Sorry for the rant. I just needed to say something. Anything. I needed to let it go and just vent. If you're reading this thanks. You didn't have to but I appreciate it regardless.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I used to drink when I gamed too. I always think about now how I got a new game for Xmas a few years ago  but got too drunk to play it.  Fuck alcohol. 
I frequently go to bed just because I don't want to expend the energy to do stuff--productive stuff challenging stuff easy stuff frivolous stuff fun stuff. Doesn't matter. Bed is just so much easier. And if I'm already staying sober fuck it the world can ask no more of me. I'm going to bed sober. .Slowly but surely though I'm getting out of that mentality. But early in your sobriety I see nothing wrong with being lazy and resting on your sobriety alone. Though I've heard others say it's important to keep busy and I can see that. But surely in your first few days of sobriety at least you're allowed to be lazy. 
&gt; Life should make me happy  ..Yes THIS. That's all I ever wanted was to be happy. And alcohol worked for me too.  ..Right up to the point it stopped working.  ..Now I am truly happy and not the molecular euphoria of a polluted bloodstream. Real happiness. Took a while to get here and AA was the pathway I chose. It worked wonders in untangling my twisted mind and provided me a direction to grow into a more productive life.  ..
[removed]
Holy crap. This sounds just like me. Used to pretty much only drink and play video games. I would tell myself it's socializing because I'm in a chat so it's not considered drinking alone.  I would tell myself anything to justify another night of drinking alone in my room with my internet "friends". Eventually it evolved into me in my room drinking binge watching Netflix and ordered shitty food till 3am. I was laid off recently with pay so I found myself doing this most nights. I decided enough is enough. Time to find some hobbies and get my shit together. Hopefully you can too friend. Stay strong.
