-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fajce/everyone_has_bad_days_dont_they/

I just came across a lady passed out on the footpath. ..I could see her ahead down the road and whilst it seemed strange there is a bus stop near where she was and people have sat down on the footpath there before waiting for the bus. Then as I got closer I realised she was lying fully down conked out and I ran ahead to her...I said "are you ok?" And she woke up with a jolt and looked at me. Next to her was a plastic bag with a roast chicken carcass in it and she had either roast chicken ...or spew ...on her hands and face. She cant have been older than 40.  It was 5:20pm in a very posh part of town. She'd clearly been drinking a lot today...I helped her up and gave her some wipes to clean herself up. Asking her again if she was ok. ..She looks at me and says "Everyone has bad days. Dont they?" .I said "Yeah they do and that's ok as long as you take care of yourself". She tried to give me a hug and wandered off down the street...It was a weird encounter especially where it happened. And I'm not telling you this to say look im a nice person or whatever. But something struck me out of this...In that moment I didn't judge her for being a drunk and in a state. I could see it and I just cared that this human was ok and wondered if I'd done enough to help and what caused her to end up there just then. You don't get like that without struggles and I felt a lot of empathy for her in that situation...Yet when I think of my own journey with drinking I have only ever been so angry and so ashamed in myself. .So hateful towards myself for being weak for losing control for being a mess. ..But all along I was hurting and that's why I was like that. I wasnt coping and thats what I used to escape the way I felt about myself and the world. ..But I wouldnt do that to another human....so why would I do that to me?..Everybody has bad days. ..And I think I just learnt to have empathy for myself if that ever happens. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know what else to say except thanks for that. It's moving. 
I've been on both sides of this situation being the drunk who needed help and helping a drunk who was falling down in the street and driving her home. Thank you for what you did. ..I appreciate your insight on this because it's so true. When I helped the woman in my situation someone I knew from the bars I wasn't looking down at her and thinking *jeez woman just get your shit together!* But when it comes to me that is the thought I would have and worse. Everybody does have bad days and everybody deserves some understanding even us. Thanks for sharing this. 
[deleted]
Thank you. For being kind and for sharing your experience and your thoughts. I'm saving this post I think it's important.
Your making me remember a really drunk couple I met a couple of years ago. They were in their fifties they looked like hell. The woman wanted to pick up something and she ended up face first in the street. The sound was horrible her face was bloody her glasses got broken. I stopped to ask if she was OK and she was drunk to the point she didn't realize anything. The man helped her and they went away. It was about 4pm on a weekday...It never happened to me but it could have. That's where the life of a drunk leads. Not exactly to this point but being so drunk that we don't feel anything anymore emotionally.
Jeezzusss - that sure put a lump in my throat.  Thank you for the gift of that story.  I too am saving this story to read again (and perhaps again) when I need it.
Sweet...yes be that kind to yourself 
