-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fbf03/i_relapsed_over_thanksgiving_weekend/

I found myself in a stressful family situation on Thanksgiving and had a cocktail. The world didn't end and I muted my in-laws bickering by being just a little buzzed. ..So I thought "I'm just being over reactionary and silly. My drinking isn't that big of a deal". ..I had a little more on Friday and about the same Saturday. I think you know where this is going. .I'm walking into work with a huge hangover. I wasn't an asshole to anyone last night...I reset my badge and I'm looking for meetings.
----------immediate responses--------

I too have found drinking to be a slippery slope like that. I convince myself I'm all cured drinking is no big deal then BAM! two weeks go by and I'm binge drinking sitting there wondering how I got to this point again. I recognize the slope is there and I look at it every day I just don't wanna go down anymore. Good luck friend!
Seriously.  I went on a family trip with each sister complaining about the other to me. I was able to hold it together on the trip but the second I got away from it all I wanted to do was forget about it.  Something about a delayed cumulative effect with me...  Next time maybe I should just walk away. I'll be pulling constant 180s though mid-conversation.... lol.   Anyways I started over again last week and wishing you a hangover free morning tomorrow !
So many times in the past before earlier this year when I really got serious about not drinking I'd take some amount of a break then reason with myself that moderation was possible and then end back right where I was: depressed empty tired hopeless. Among many things I've learned on SD one of the major differences this time around for me especially in terms of relapsing was remembering that there is literally one and only one day that I ever have to "manage" -- today. I still say to myself sometimes "Mateo: You want to drink? Sure! Just do it tomorrow." And more often than not after time has gone by and especially when I think a little about what it is that's compelling me to want to drink in the first place (often boredom romanticizing drinking isolation) then tomorrow comes and I've lost the desire. 
I drank on Thanksgiving too and nothing happened. Same thing- thought I was overreacting to my drinking problem. Got wasted on Saturday and completely embarrassed myself. :( Have to reset my badge 
I'm sorry for your struggle.  Great job with getting right back to your sober commitment.  I hope you check in with us here often.  I will not drink with you today.
I've been down the moderation road many many times before I found SD. I've even been sober eight months before going back to moderating which ends as expected...Know what works for me? I think of alcohol like candy. Sure a little candy is ok...but I don't eat a little candy. If you hand me a family pack of peanut M&amp;M's I don't have "a serving" I have the whole bag. Booze goes the same way. There's some left in the bottle? Better keep going!..All the other negatives of alcohol aside just that one negative - **it's junk food and will give me diabetes or a heart attack** - that's enough reason for me to pass on the calories.
Me too.  Back to day 1..
There's no shame in a badge reset I had many myself before the realisation that I can't drink normally finally sank in. Glad you made it back safe I'm not drinking with you today. 
If your in-laws bickering is so triggering that it caused you to relapse maybe it's worth talking to a psychiatrist or at least a professional counselor. You might have a more serious issue that you've been self-medicating with booze. If nothing else they can guide you through some coping skills and other methods to manage situations like this so you aren't triggered this much next time. Good courage and welcome back!!! Keep us posted!
