-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fdg4h/today_is_my_second_day_of_not_drinking/

I've been drinking too much. Way too much. And it's time to stop. I'll be 50 in a couple months and I didn't start drinking until I was 40 but then went through a bitter divorce  lost my home and everything in it and moved three times in one year.  I've been under intolerable stress and so drinking has been my escape.  I've been so terribly depressed lately that my first couple glasses of chardonnay in the evening  always made me feel better and life more tolerable but then I couldn't stop at two. Soon it was every day and a couple times I passed out. ..I'm struggling with anxiety and depression that I'm not medicated for. I'm finishing up a master's degree and in absolute panic as to whether I should have done it but I'm so far in now it wouldn't make sense to give up. I'm terrified of the future.  I'm isolated and miserable in my job even though I'm privileged to have it and make good money. The one thing that's been most difficult is the onset of menopause.  It makes me feel so awful and so depressed I barely know myself.  I've always been engaged and enthusiastic about everything I do but now I don't want to leave the house or even get out of bed because I feel so low and exhausted.  ..The drink has been my main focus but I can't keep doing this. I can't keep waking up feeling like death and waiting for 5 o'clock to come around which inevitably starts at 4 these days.  I didn't drink last night and I won't tonight. It felt good feeling clear headed and I slept better than I have in ages but I just feel hollow. What do I do now?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi!  Welcome!  When I was first trying to quit I had a bunch of thoughts in my head -- quit drinking first?  Or quit smoking first?  Or get my life together first?  Or...  you get the picture.  Ultimately what worked for me was just not drinking and focusing on not drinking.  Because for me as long as I had a crutch I wasn't going to walk on my own and hence I wasn't going to walk very far...Do you think it would help you to talk to a counselor of some kind?  Do you have access to one?
If it helps. I'm 54 and also menopausal. I thought alcohol helped my anxiety but when I stopped drinking my anxiety reduced and I realised drinking had been making it worse.  Sometimes you just have to be brave and take that step to see what's on the other side - I promise you it's all good. You're doing great just take it one day at a time. 
AA helped me with the hollowness.  And with the free time that I used to spend in bars!   
