-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fefe8/ugh_im_confused/

I'm really struggling with the decision to commit to full-on sobriety or not. I went through a period from 2010-2014 when I partied hard blacked out a lot binge drank 2-3 times a week or more. But from 2014-2016 I haven't drank very often. I would go months without a drink sometimes. More recently I'm having drinks about once every week or two. When I drink it's usually with my boyfriend (who has at the most 4 drinks in a night) so I also stay at 4 or less drinks in a night. Usually 2. I find that although I often want to keep drinking if I just wait a bit the feeling of wanting to have more passes. But I'm not so sure what would happen if my boyfriend was not the moderate drinker he is. If I had a booze hound there with me it'd probably be off to the races for me too. I have a lot of questionable tendencies when it comes to drinking. I'm constantly eyeing everyone's glasses to see if I'm keeping pace with them. I'm acutely aware of all the people with alcohol around me and roughly what drink they're on. I get jealous if someone is poured more alcohol than me. I get a bit too happy when someone suggests another round. I feel that I can't socialize without alcohol and feel terrified at the idea of going to a social event without it. I associate many events to drinking (baseball games concerts holidays birthdays etc.) and the thought of not drinking at those events sounds horrible and boring. I get pretty bad anxiety the morning after. I feel like my body doesn't respond well to alcohol anymore. While it used to be pure fun and I'd rarely have hangovers I now feel like shit even if I drank a smaller amount. ..I'm just stuck between two different thought paths: 1. "hey you're not a party girl anymore. There's no harm in having a few drinks every now and then. Don't be so hard and strict with yourself. Doesn't having a couple glasses of wine in Tahoe around a fire sound nice? Why would you give that up if you have shown that you can control it in a calmer safe environment?" and 2. "I need to quit drinking entirely. My attitude towards alcohol is not normal and I want to learn how to live without it as a crutch. Plus it's not really fun anymore. I wonder if I'd be happier sober" ..This is a big ramble but just wanted to get my thoughts out here. Thanks for reading...Edit: grammar
----------immediate responses--------

When I stopped drinking for good I figured out very quickly what I only used to do to keep busy while drinking or as an excuse to drink. That freed up a lot of time. Question: is the fireside at Tahoe not worth it without wine?
While I have had periods of relative control I find myself losing control more and more - especially when times get rough.  I have no choice I have to stop it before it stops me.
It was exhilarating to finally stop drinking. Trying to control or ruminate about questions like yours was exhausting. I have a happy sober life. I hope you figure out what is best for you because I think you are correct when you say your attitude towards alcohol veers from the normal. 
I had a very similar mindset nearly a month ago just had a never ending internal debate going on. The thing is normal drinkers don't ask themselves the questions I was asking myself. "Do I have a problem? Would my life be better without alcohol?" I also couldn't stop picturing everything in life without alcohol things I usually got hammered at (weddings reunions camping vacations etc). But the more I looked into it the more freeing all of those things would be without alcohol. Unfortunately we live in a culture where alcohol is everywhere and we feel we are missing out if we don't indulge. Also it's cliche but if you decide to do away with alcohol for a bit just focus on the current day and enjoying sobriety. Hope this helps!
