-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fhl4p/iv_been_feeling_off_the_past_few_days_im_not/

Coming up on 90 days and feeling a little loose in the corners if that makes sense. These resetments are coming back around and some new have manifested. I put them down I process them rinse and repeat I still don't know how to talk to my sponsor and I feel like an idiot when I do. I've been irritable and discontent as of late. I suspect its maybe some gloom from not seeing my family over the holiday and I don't think they are coming next month. So maybe that is making me feel ill I have the hardest time determining if it is my emotions making me sick or the other way around. Anyone else this way?..After unloading this I am maybe not being grateful enough or something. I dunno know why I wrote this something compelled me to perhaps I can be of service for someone feeling as I do today by tapping all these letters to create these sentences using this medium that makes us not feel so alone in our struggle. Because really know one wants to feel alone on top of this disease. Going to push through this because I don't want the monster on me again so i will suck it up and not make it worse.
----------immediate responses--------

People like you with their badge in the double digits heading up to three months are a great motivator for people like me who are just starting this journey. I certainly am grateful for that. Pull through because if you can do it I can as well...I won't dink with you today!
Hey KOTK - I think I'd feel similar if I didn't get to see my family over the holidays...that's got to be tough but you're doing so well! Tomorrow is the big 9-0! Just keep pushing through get through today keep posting and try to have a good day :). It's awesome that you came here to write this - what an amazing tool for our kit!
I can relate.  I was alone for the holidays too.  I was fine all day but I went to a meeting that night.  Hearing everyone talk about their days with family and friends really really got to me.  I was barely holding it in from breaking down the entire time then I came home and lost it.  ..Last night someine came up to me before the meeting and asked if I was okay because she saw how upset I was on Thursday.  I gave her a brief rundown of why I was so upset.  Later in the meeting when she shared she said two things that blew my mind.  The first was that when something is upsetting us we need to just hand it off to our higher power.  Whatever happens will happen.  I've been able to do that with everything except for one major thing.   Didn't even dawn on me to 'hand that off'.  And once I realized I should do that I felt like a huge weight had been lifted off my shoulders. ..The second was that it is important to share these things at meetings so people know what is going on with you.  They won't be able to help unless you reach out.  She never would have said what she did without me telling her what was going on with me.  And what she said was something I desperately needed to hear. ..When I talk to my sponsor I just tell her about my day and anything I am feeling.  I ask questions about things I heard in meetings.  Sometimes if I don't feel like talking I will text and just check in to let her know I am okay.  ..Hope you feel better soon!  I am one day behind you and damnit - we are both hitting our 90 this week!!  Not drinking with you today.
Yup. When I start to get the urge I remember the living hell that was the first 2/3 weeks of going dry and think how hard it's been to get to my day count that day.  ..Fuck doing all that again. It was shitty the first time second time I know what's coming and I'd have to be a masochist to repeat that.    
You are SO NOT ALONE!  And this must be the safest and most supportive place on the planet for folks like us to express our frustrations and victories both large and small.  For what it's worth - I've found benefit from therapy and properly prescribed meds...Proud to not be drinking with you today.
