-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fi1v4/i_cant_believe_i_made_it_a_month/

A year or so ago I found this sub and lurked.  I was annoyed I couldn't fix all the negative consequences to my drinking and thought maybe this sub could teach me how to get falling over drunk safely so I could you know "have fun" or "relieve stress" without being hassled...But a funny thing happened.  I read some of the positive posts from people who had quit...they weren't throwing up? Blacking out? Embarrassing themselves?  Hm.  Well they quit I can't.  I need to relieve stress y'know. Then I read some negative posts from people who lost homes...families...friends..careers...I thought "well they weren't careful like me" after a fight with my family or driving home drunk.  And one day something clicked...SD suddenly became a go-to place for me.  I read Carr and Grace I started going to therapy more frequently and I was honest finally with my therapist about how much I drank.  And October 2nd I thought "maybe not today."..Like many of you I relapsed...I was sober in October except two days.  I drank at a memorial for a friend and at a birthday party for a friend with cancer.  Both times I thought "it's a special occasion they 'deserve' drunken fun mathplex.". But both times I blacked out was violently ill felt like death and moderated my drinking like Hitler moderated invading Europe...So I decided to quit.  I have 30 years of binge drinking that settled into daily drunkenness about 12 years ago.  Last few years were consistently sad...2 bottles of wine a night or more plus nightcaps of whiskey or vodka.  I had a problem.  People here had problems and were strong and admitted they could not moderate.  I admitted the same...It's been the easiest thing ever (who doesn't love ending the shame of it all enjoying sleep again looking in the mirror at sober clear eyes?) and the hardest thing ever (I am an addict because nobody would crave shitty box wine that makes them black out and puke...nobody except an alcoholic).  This is my longest stretch sober - by weeks - in 30 years.  I feel great about my mornings and hopeful for the first time in decades.  Not everything is perfect ... I have relationships badly damaged by alcohol that may not recover mainly with my spouse and despite being generally fit that beer belly is a constant reminder of what I did to myself...but I know what I am doing now I can THINK...I ramble.  This sub is a great resource it has taught and is teaching me every day.  Thank you everyone for helping me to a month.  I will not drink with every single one of you today.
----------immediate responses--------

The Hitler analogy made me chuckle. I can relate. ..I love the honesty in this post. Thank you. Congratulations on 30 days. I will happily NOT raise a glass to you today. Onwards and upwards for us both. 
Yes!!! Yes yes yes a million times! Letting go of alcohol is LIBERATING!   You and the wife will probably be fine. If she dealt with you drunk she can handle you sober. Remember that for the spouce they are untrustING for a long time that's on us.
Congratulations on a month.
that Three Zero looks mighty fine on ya! Not drinking with you today. 
Congrats!  Lots of similarities in my struggle including the length of time on the piss.  Agree big time on easiest/hardest of missions.  Not drinking with you or anyone else today!
It is great to see you so positive congrats on 30 days!
You didn't make it a month you made it one day at a time... 30 times ;)..&gt; moderated my drinking like Hitler moderated invading Europe...Fuck this is funny... I genuinely let out a laugh.
I love reading your posts and comments. You've been really helpful to me. Congratulations on your star!
Congratulations on a month awesome work. 
This.  I'm on day 1.  I hope it's not too late for my marriage.
Congratulations. I'm a big God guy these days. As long as I put myself in my higher power'a caring hands I will remain in wellness sober and able to be of higher service. Good luck and congratulations on your time. 
Rock on!  I wish I had a witty anecdote  but I don't. .I just have congratulations and much love for you sharing your story. .You sharing will help the next you.
Wow thanks for sharing. I am 10 days sober for the first time mostly with the help of this sub. .I will not drink with you today
That star looks good on you! Great job! I needed a little inspiration today thanks for sharing!
Great ramble man.  I'm not sure where I'd be if it weren't for SD (and a good therapist).  Cheers to not drinking together today.
Congrats! I'm right there with you :D 
Thank you for sharing. I need to come back and read this regularly. 
we should have a contest.complete the sentence "I moderated my drinking like....".unfortunately you already won but there might be helpful runner-ups
