-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5flpz0/i_relapsed_over_the_weekend/

I have been sober for a few months now and completely turned off by drinking or so I thought. I've been to bars and around people drinking with no desire to drink or have that apart of my life. Over the weekend I went to a potluck dinner where everyone but a child was drinking. My last drink before I quit was wine. Sure enough I poured about a half a glass of white wine. Stared at it and took 3 sips the taste was horrid and I poured out the rest. A few mins later I started feeling nauseous and regretting my decision. I don't want to have that poision in my body again! I had been having relationship issues with my bf this month and we spent turkeyday separate. This was my first holiday without my dad since he recently passed away at the age of 49! Feeling stress/abandoned and hurt I was trying to resort back to an emotional safeguard. (A cold drink is always there and not saying hateful/spiteful things) The old record playing in my mind. I know being stress is no excuse for drinking I am trying to forgive myself for slipping up. My body responded to the posion. I have no desire to drink and will continue to make a commitment one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

First of call congratulations on having a few months sober.  And second in the world of relapses that seems to be one of the most benign relapses I have ever heard of.  But most importantly please be easy on yourself.  You have been through *a lot* and that tiny slip doesn't take away from all the progress you've made.
I wouldn't beat myself up over a few sips of white wine. That's hardly a slip up. And who cares what the number says? You're sober stay sober. Go easy on yourself.
I'm sorry to hear about your dad. My mom died at around that age. It was very hard to handle. Loneliness hurts. Please forgive yourself for the little slip. You dumped it out   good move! You deserve credit for that.
I'd argue that pouring the rest out after a few sips takes more strength than not drinking at all. Good for you. 
What is important is that you have gotten back on track and fairly quickly.  Some of us have had a relapse that lasted much longer.  Stay on track and things will continue to get better. 
Thanks for all the encouraging words! I felt relieved after I poured out the rest of the wine. Yes this slip up is what I needed to reinforce my sobriety. I will keep up my daily commitment to remain sober. Good luck to everyone in their journey.
