-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5fm1vi/i_drank_on_friday/

Dear Reddit ..I drank Friday night and woke up with my throat hurting from smoking so much and I cried and cried for just a while. ..Saturday night and again today I have drank. I just got my damn 30 day chip too. I feel very odd and have a lot of mixed feelings. At one end I feel devastated and ashamed. On the other end I feel exhilarated and normal. ..I tried convincing myself that I am not an alcoholic but just a girl going through a hard time who has a drinking problem and pill problem. Which is funny when I write it out. ..The problem is that I want to drink again (duh) in the future but I  afraid that will never be possible. I don't know what to do now. Has anyone relapsed? How did you get sober again? Can I be sober again? What do I tell my support system? ..Sincerely .Unsure and confused in Michigan 
----------immediate responses--------

Almost everyone has relapsed at some point. I did. I got sober again when it was almost too late to put my life back together. You can do it if you do it. I told my support system the truth. I find only honesty works. I am not going back to drinking because it is just not as good as living my life the way I want to live it. Alcohol had me enslaved and came too close to costing me my family...I hope this helps you. I'm pulling for you. You can do this.
&gt;How did you get sober again? ..I quit fighting it and accepted who I was.  I then began following the advice that I was given in the rooms of recovery...&gt;Can I be sober again?..Absolutely!  Don't give up...&gt;What do I tell my support system?..The absolute unfiltered truth.  Why would you tell them anything else?
Hey I had a lot of stop and starts too. Once I took a "break" in the middle of Lent (I had given up alcohol) and went to see one of my most favorite bands and blacked out halfway through (don't really remember what they played :() and pissed off my boyfriend and ruined the next day we were supposed to have exploring the city we were in basically because I couldn't function I was so hungover...For me I couldn't really think too much about it there's always an excuse not to stop (my birthday! That party in two months! Valentines day!). I just figured I'd stop drinking and see how I went each day and I know it's cliche but it really helps to not get overwhelmed and give up before you even try it. ..I'm going home for Christmas this year and I know everyone is going to be pushing drinks on me since I haven't been home for years so I'm trying not to let that overwhelm me now. ..Also I think the label "alcoholic" has a lot of stigma attached and it's easy to say well I'm not homeless under a bridge and not address it. But for me it was definitely progressive like getting worse every day so it was really good to cut it off before I was... well homeless under a bridge...Glad that you posted and hope you're not stressing too much. It's a great sign that you're back here. :)
