-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ftrwe/badge_reset_back_to_day_1/

I was 1 day off a whole week of not drinking.. 1 day!! damn it!!..I'm back to day 1 again. I'm not drinking today..I messed up yesterday. I know why and how it happened..- I decided in that split second to "just have a sip".... BIG MISTAKE. I shouldn't have let it get to that point.. but I did..I found myself as I drank the wine thinking about my badge and SD. How hard i had worked to get through the last few days..The physical and mental struggles I've soldiered through each day..it weighed so heavily on my mind that the wine itself wasn't even enjoyable for me...I didn't actually get "drunk" - I had 3 glasses of wine. It didn't turn into a massive bender staying up til all hours drinking anything I can get my hands on... Being sick waking up horrifically hung over.. But I still caved in yesterday and drank those glasses of wine.. .I felt so guilty last night that I broke my winning streak. I kept thinking about my badge..  i was one day off a whole week of not drinking. The longest period in about 4 years...I requested a badge re-set and I've got that lonely little number 1 next to my name again.. I'm accountable for what happened and I need to learn from the experience and move forward. .I have to keep my progress honest - SD has been so pivotal in helping me not drink that I owe it to everyone here and myself to keep my progress honest. Just as I have read the stories of others maybe someone will read this and it may help someone think twice before they contemplate having "just a sip"...I beat myself up over it last night... I felt down I felt like I failed. I did fail..Today I'm focusing on not drinking and looking ahead. I'm not getting sucked back into the same old routine of trying to control my drinking as I can't control it. My only chance is to not drink at all...I am not drinking today no matter what happens.
----------immediate responses--------

You drank yesterday but you came right back here today. And that 'lonely 1' in your flair? Here's what I think: you're here and you have a number - regardless of what it is. So let's continue :). We're here for you!
Every single person here had Day 1. I wager only a truly lucky and determined people only had one (I sure didn't)...Yesterday is past. Now we move forward.
Rock on. I'll not drink with you today.
