-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g2rq6/i_dont_know_how_to_talk_to_people_about_this/

I have a problem.  I'll drink a bottle of wine every single night if there are other things in the house and I feel like it I might just drink that too.  Vodka and diluting orange straight bourbon it doesn't matter what it is.  Last night it was the rest of a bottle of cream liqueur...I have another problem I have no idea how to talk to people about this or even who to talk to. I'm afraid that appearing fragile to my wife and telling her even though she's my best friend in the world will destroy our relationship.  So many times in the past when she's been feeling down or we've been going through stuff I've been there for her telling her to be strong and now here I am unable to follow my own advice.  Drowning in self pity and dependence...I don't really have a 'friend' I can call on someone who would understand what I'm going through.  It seems like everyone else has 'real' problems in their relationships or families with employment struggles or money worries while in public I'm the successful guy with a great wife kids job and 2 or 3 vacations each year (this will not last if I keep spending money on booze).  I don't feel like I can burden them for help when they are clearly having it a lot tougher than someone who can't keep out of the wine shop...My brother and I aren't as close as we used to be and he lives a few hundred miles away.  Maybe he'd understand maybe not...Who's left?  Who can tell me to be strong to get a hold of this to stop now before it kills me?  It doesn't seem to matter what I say to myself because in the end I'll still end up standing in the shower at 6am eyes red head pounding wondering if the kids can smell the drink wondering if they know what it means promising myself that I can't do this again...But I will.
----------immediate responses--------

keep coming back here.
A therapist has been essential for me. Meetings too which have the benefit of being anonymous. 
I tend to treat myself with self-compassion. I do not beat myself up for getting addicted to an addictive substance. I wouldn't feel weak because anaesthesia worked on me and knocked me out. It's the same with beer. Both do what they are designed to do. Instead I am proud of myself that I took action quickly and didn't wait for the rock bottom...I also found that talking about changing is only the beginning of change. I didn't see any results until I moved on from promises and plans into action. I stopped buying beer. I got rid of alcohol from my house. I was honest with my husband. I make decisions ahead of time on how I will spend my time instead of drinking. I pay attention to how I feel and address those issues. I come here to learn about other people's experiences and what strategies they use to deal with cravings. I realised that alcohol was just my go-to coping mechanism and slowly I am developing new healthy and sustainable ways of dealing with the stuff I don't like.
You can talk to us we understand what you are going through and we are here all day everyday I can say that cause I am in Australia and we are awake when the rest of you are asleep... so there is someone here most of the time.   ..Like you my life looked good from the outside but I was dying on the inside counselling helped a lot the site and other sober blogs were incredibly useful.reading self help and self awareness books also broadened my understanding of what was happening for me...You are not alone I think all our stories are similar in some ways.  I won't drink with you tonight.  
Oh man I know exactly how this feels. I found the support I needed in AA but I think any support group would do the same. It was such a life changing experience to realize that I was not unique in the way that I drank that there were other people who knew exactly what I felt like and who could show me how they got sober. 
A counselor/therapist establishes a client privilege in which your conversations are protected...There's a saying I believe:.."Resentments will make me drink and Secrets will Kill me"..Secrets killed my brother.
