-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g5ec4/today_would_have_been_my_one_year/

I officially started my StopDrinking challenge a year ago on my initial Last Day of December 2nd 2015. I had a solid near 7 months of sobriety and have since been dealing with a set of relapses. It feels weird to think that today would have been my one year of being sober if I hadn't taken that first drink. Alas onward and upward.
----------immediate responses--------

Take care I won't drink with you today. 
Always forward... you have 24 days today and that's awesome. This time next year you could have a year and 24 days...It's a journey baby! Let's keep on truckin!
Hey there serial relapser here!! I first started my journey back in 2013 so by rights I should have about 3^1/2 years now but instead I have 20 months. It was always tricky for me starting up again but I kept coming back. You're back too it's all good x
I am at the beginning and after reading your post and the reply's it  is curious to me what actually and exactly gives one the knowing to keep trying. I'm not looking for the obvious or logical response...something other... hmmmmmmmmm?.Sending good energy to move forward!
I would have had 90 days but spent the last month being a dumb ass. Theres people on here that kept going .. I feel two ways about it. 1* it still encourages me that its possible. 2* Im sad I blew it. Combined I think its still a recipe for success.  It tells me its somthing I really want!  So we are still on the right track and my day 3 is gonna keep stringing up! You too!!! 
I find that its always about the quality of the sobriety not the quantity. You could have had a year and been totally miserable. Try to learn from the relapses and do it better this time so you don't fall back into that vicious cycle. ..I will not drink with you today! :D 
It was still probably a great year.
I will not drink with you today!
Shit happens. Congrats on 24 days!
I have 24 days too! I won't drink with you today and next year we will reach the milestone together. 
Well you have today....That is all any of us get this day....I won't drink with you today.   Now tomorrow when I wake up if it's today then once again I won't drink with you today. ...Enjoy today.
Do not dwell in the past do not dream of the future concentrate the mind on the present moment.. Buddha
It's a year since you started and continued  trying to better yourself though  
