-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5g6xj6/never_believe_you_can_start_drinking_again_for_a/

I was in a 'secret' relapse for the past couple weeks.  No one knew.  I have a great support network - no alcohol is allowed in my house I see a great therapist 2 - 4 times a month all of my friends are supportive; I even have a few who are in recovery too.  ..Going through some old boxes of mine I found a pint of vodka.  I must have hidden this a year and a half ago AT LEAST when I was still hitting it hard.  I should have called someone I should have just poured it down the drain but I drank it instead. "Just this one time to get a little bit of relief".   That's lead to me being back at a secret pint a day after work (I'll quit tomorrow for sure! I just need a little for some relief).  And then when I couldn't get a pint I got a liter delivered last weekend (there was a $20 minimum delivery charge so that was my only option.)  Worst idea ever.  My roommates found me drunk I don't even know how much I drank.  They got rid of the rest of it...With the anxiety of stopping I took a personal day off work on Monday (which is okay not a whole lot is going on at the moment).  Went in on Tuesday took a half day (long story short there is a crazy ex of mine who may have been stalking some of his exes and the police said they may contact me to make a statement - I didn't want to deal with that at work).  Again ordered booze for delivery got wasted.  ..Took Wednesday off.  Had my roommate search my room and the house just in case I was hiding anything or in case there was anything else I might have forgotten about...Then Thursday morning.  The first time I quit drinking (July 2015) it was after several years of daily heavy use (close to a fifth a day at the worst or 3/4 box of wine a day).  When I quit I felt like crap but made it through fine.  THIS was totally different.  I was shaking my eyes were bloodshot my heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest I couldn't think straight.  It didn't feel like a hangover at all.  I called my regular clinic to come in thinking that I could just get a note and get back to work in the afternoon but was told to go to the ER.  I've never done that before.  I kept my boss updated (not about the alcohol but that I went to the doctor and then had to go to the hospital).  ..There I got bloodwork an IV of valium some other fluids and a librium taper.  Because of the librium (which has basically made me sleep 18 hours a day since) they sent my boss a note saying that I would need another day off.  ..I never knew that picking up the bottle again for a short period of time could lead to scary withdrawals; it was 'only' a half pint - 1 pint per day. I wasn't even feeling hung over the next day! I can't believe I just took a whole week off of work for this.  ..I have a meeting with my boss on Monday. I've been coming up with excuses (it had to do with my panic disorder the flashbacks dealing with my abusive crazy stalker ex lead to panic attacks etc.) but my roommates think I should just come totally clean.  I'm terrified of losing my job I've been there for almost six years overall I'm a great worker I'm in a senior position and most of all several of them agreed to write letter of recommendation for my graduate school application!  I just heard yesterday there was a meeting encouraging people to take time off because our next project has been put on hold indefinitely which makes me feel like this could be an easy excuse to get rid of someone (me)...TL;DR it's true what they say.  It's progressive.  If you're tempted to just secretly lapse once to get a temporary relief for some stress or anxiety it just doesn't work.  And even a short relapse can apparently lead to withdrawals enough to need detox.  ..EDIT for grammar and detail clarity..EDIT2:  Going to try AA seriously this time.  At this point I want to use all the resources I can!..EDIT3:  I'm just going to show the doctor's notes to my boss say I was ill and leave it at that.  
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your story. I have been on the just one more day and then i'll quit train for a few months now. I had it down to almost every other day and I felt like that was good but I made the decision to quit for good this morning I made a reddit account and joined every alcoholics sub I could find and I am just reading and reading and reading. 
I was secret drinking for six months before i got sober. Sucks so hard. I never ever want to do that again.  Glad you made it back.  That episode sounded scary. Glad your'e okay. 
I will remember this warning. Thank you for posting this as well as your honesty. 
I'm glad you're back and that learned from the experience. My two cents: "the truth" in this case isn't a boss's business. If that person's job is simply to make decisions for the good of the company / workplace nothing is to say that this person would or should be any more understanding or forgiving bc alcohol use is behind an employee's recent stuff... Worst-case it could open a whole new line of retrospective scrutiny... Any deal project relationship etc. that this person took part in and which was less than perfect could be _hmm maybe that alcoholic's fault..._ Why open yourself to that?  
For me not only did the withdrawals get (scarily) worse but it was harder and harder to pull myself out each time.  This last time I almost didn't make it back... thank you for writing about your experience it helps to keep that fresh in my mind...
I would never ever tell my employer that. I'd say you were sick and drop it at that.  People think others will be more sympathetic than people actually are.  I also find my alcoholic friends think it will relieve guilt to come clean with people who could really screw their lives up who have no business knowing. I'd say not a word. 
I'm sorry for your scary experience and glad you posted; it helps us all to hear the story...Don't tell your employer. You have the right to PTO if you have accrued it; all they need to know is you were sick. Nothing else is their business. It could be the flu a brain tumor alcoholism or just a mental health week. You were sick; you are entitled to both the time and your privacy. 
I have had some similar relapses lead to horrible withdrawals at lower levels of intake; it's called "kindling" and if you google it it will add yet another tool to your "avoid alcohol at all costs" toolbox! Seriously scary stuff. I'm glad you're ok and I'd just say the bare minimum to your boss (agree with the other advice on this thread). So glad you are back! Best
[deleted]
Really sorry to hear you had to go through this.   I can tell you that beyond a shadow of a doubt you never have to do that again unless you choose to....That is what I was told almost 23 years ago after my last drink I don't know if you will get out of it what I did but I hope you do...Be good to you today you deserve it. ..Thank you for sharing this.
Thanks for sharing that. That's crazy and I'm glad you got out of it ok. But it sure is progressive. I checked myself into the ER after my last relapse. It was scary. Keep up the good fight friend.
You've got some good people around you. Best of luck with your recovery 
[deleted]
One side effect of your adventure is that it has scared the hell out of me thanks(?).
I'm struggling with the "just have one beer" voice in my brain. I know if I have one then that one will have one and so on. I have to keep reminding myself of this. Thanks for your story. It's helping me not drink right now.
[removed]
Thank you for your story   I just finished with a massive project and have had fleeting thoughts of "Oh just one evening of alcohol-induced 'relaxation' won't hurt." This is a great reminder to nip those thoughts right now. I never want to go through any of that aftermath again. Best of luck to you with both work and staying clean. 
Thank you for sharing. I turned 21 yesterday and was close to going to a bar but I didn't and I'm glad I didn't because more than likely I would have started that vicious cycle that leads me to almost getting duis or losing all my moneymaking a fool out of myself and just being reckless. I went through the most temptation ever yesterday and I'm just glad it's over I no longer feel an urge to go out. 
This is terrifying. I hid my drinking for years so realistically if I relapse it will probably look a lot like yours.  Thank you for sharing this story...Best of luck in your recovery.
Hope you're feeling ok - sounds f#cking stressful
I'm going thru something similar. This is a great cautionary tale. 
I agree with below. I would absolutely NOT tell any employer I had a drinking problem. Never. Ever. You do not have to come up with any excuse. Your Personal Care Physician found you so "sick" he/she sent you to the Emergency Department. I would make sure the MDs note gives only generic info about your hospital and doctors visit. Name date &amp; time you got there and left you were given medication (no med names required) and another day off work to get "stronger" and date released to return to work. That's it. For me it would be quite enough that I knew how badly I'd fucked up...no reason at all for a big personal confession at my work. I would just be labeling myself for as long as I stayed at that job. And you've given them 6 years of your life. I think you've learned from this episode. I hope so... good luck. Be smart. Really think about your next moves...
[deleted]
Congratulations. Knowing one's limits in important arenas in life is one of the aspects of serenity...This poster found AA very valuable when I went through a 7-day detox (my first and only full inpatient treatment). The "Father Martin" films (yes real...64?mm) were almost worth the price of admission. The dude was a Catholic Priest but I say he was a comic who became a Priest and a drunk in no particular order. I can only remember a few of his lines ("There are different kinds of alcoholics. There are the ones who have one or two in the morning just to "open the eyes" as it were and then they have to ride in a tightly packed elevator for forty-four floors. This is known as the *blue* variety") but for someone who feared that inpatient treatment my change who I was Father Martin was a balm to the soul. I don't know who owns the rights to his films which were IIRC contractually stipulated only to be shown at closed meetings of alcoholics or similar verbiage...Father Martin never needed to "God" someone into listening or laughing...or learning. So I take the "Higher Power" stuff with the appropriate amount of sodium chloride (either one alone sodium or chlorine is deadly to human life. Chemically bonded together...table salt.) and stay sober. I understand in some people's neck of the woods there's only one option for meeting and if you've got a group 'in charge" that are inclined to roll more Holy than necessary to carry the message my heart goes out to you along with the reminder that Hell is paved with good intentions (not "the road to". Just "Hell is paved...") and cramming religion down the throat of a person who is trying to save their life is IMHO taking advantage of a semi-captive audience. ..If you believe the Almighty takes a daily interest in your life I can't help you. If you think meditation might help you're on to something. ..We are all creatures of habit. You are now looking to break some habits and replace them with more constructive activities. ..Find a goal that while optimistic is a standard someone you know has met and exceeded meaning it is a realistic plan. For example on my second and successful (to date!) attempt at sobriety shortly before I stopped finding my way to meetings I heard one of the officers of the particular group say something I never forgot. He said "I've got ten years. There isn't a damned thing that can make me pick up today. I have so much serenity in my life I wouldn't be tempted"...I had never thought of having ten years of sobriety behind me. It gave me a new perspective one I wanted to experience...someday. It was like someone dangling a cherished toy...in the future. I got it. I wanted it so badly I got it. One day at a time.
