-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gf219/what_would_you_do_as_a_parent/

I grew up in an era where a dad would be proud taking his boy out to drink his first beer. See him smile when I had my first shit drunk episode where he was laughing when I puked my guts out stopping the car every 30 minutes. He would also be the one telling me "if you act like a man in the evening act like one in the morning" meaning if I chose to drink all night but I had (sports) obligations toughen up you're going...In a way alcohol was part of tradition. I had to get acquainted with this substance find my boundaries with it drink responsibly. My dad tried to not shy me away from it but did see it as a milestone in becoming a man...Fast forward to me being a dad of an 8 year old baby girl (OK slightly different). I wonder what i would have done after struggling with this struggling with banning it out of my life repeatedly failing to stop or moderate...Would I be proud of my daughter's first drink? A while back I would say yes.. now I don't know anymore. I can't forbid it when she turns 18 (legal limit here) but I start to see the beast for what it really is. I am almost willing to treat it as a sexual education thing where you caution and keep cautioning your child of the dangers (especially a girl vulnerable and all). She will probably drink probably screw up have her first shit drunk episode. I can only help her and hold her hair when she pukes. Will she learn? I don't know. It took me 20 years to be able to be abstinent for as long as I am now. I hope she will be like my brother. He got shit drunk once hated it so much stopped drinking all together. His famous last words on new year's eve were: "I think I drunk one too many" after that he counted down the seconds to the new year hugging the toilet bowl. Although I doubt he counted down he probably moaned and groaned...My incentive to stop for good is to show my daughter it can be done. In 10 years time I want her to know that "dad doesn't drink" and there is no reason to.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you being there as a sober role model will really help   she'll also learn that alcohol isn't a pre-requisite to fun!..Good luck with parenting!   
&gt;and there is no reason to..Thats the key - and providing the stability a sober (and recovered) household can bring - the philosophy of one day at a time the understandings you have and will continue to gain - hopefully will be enough...by not glorifying not providing a drunken role model you are doing a lot.  keep on.....My parents gave me my first drink at 11 (though sips of beer before) on a trip to europe (children in europe drink wine...so)  and I got trashed remember it clearly - they thought it funny joked about me being the youngest alcoholic on the street where we lived (fraternity row at a college so there were plenty).....
Having just watched my 19yr old daughter's snapchat story where she finally left the bar at 7am I feel you! I have tried talking to her about the danger. She knows I'm in AA etc but she rolls her eyes. I really hope she grows out of this phase. I'm worried. I guess all we can do as parents is guide and be an example. It's so tough! My parents let me drink from about the age of 12. I wish they hadn't but at the time they were "the cool parents". Sigh. 
My best example to others is found in my actions toward myself and others.  ..Sober me is more caring compassionate tolerant patience less judgmental more kind more loving and more grateful...That's the best me I can offer to anyone else...That's all I can do...Congratulations on contemplating your role influence and support.  Your daughter is very lucky!
I agree that actions speak volumes. I am not a parent but I would have appreciated some guidance about alcohol. Maybe write a letter today as a present on her 18th birthday that explains why you stopped drinking and how the negative affects got in the way and removing them added an authenticity to living impossible to realize with alcohol. Just a thought.
