-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gfigr/regret_first_then_reset/

TLDR: off wagon on wagon off wagon on wagon in 2 weeks. ..I recently fell back into drinking after 4 months sober. I had a hand from a few of you and some real life friends to get back on the wagon. That lasted for about three days then I f@&ked up again...It was a bit of a bender actually only broken up by the hours I spent at work. Those hours long and painful. ..It came to a head on Friday. I got into an argument with an employee of client. It wasn't really that bad as he did most of the song and dance. Although when I am sober and not thunderingly hungover I am much better at diffusing situations with difficult people. My fuse with his trouble making was short and I might have called him a 'gossiping grandmother'. ..I had been drunk everyday including Monday night at that point. I got so drunk Thursday night that I threw up a little on myself while eating some fast food with my girlfriend. I don't remember it though. I woke up at three in the morning and drank some box wine to put me back to sleep. I wouldn't have been safe to drive until 7 am I worked out. ..My girlfriend has pulled me up on it. She sees that it makes me sad to be out of control. And sees how much more high functioning I am when on the wagon. ..I had been 4 months sober then slipped briefly then felt like I was back on track then I complacently slipped again. It has been a hard two weeks. I'm not living like that anymore...A lapse is not a relapse. Back on the wagon. I'll not have a drink with you all today. Wish me strength when I need it. Thanks guys and girls....
----------immediate responses--------

You got this go to a meeting. I thought I'd hate it but it's cool.
It sounds like you could use more support. Without help I couldn't stay sober on my own. I had a therapist and went to rehab and outpatient. Then I got involved in AA. The tools I learned is how I have stayed sober all these days.
It's good to know that others lapse as well.  Things are arguably better when I leave the bottle behind.  Not drinking with you today!
It sounds like my psych has different ways of explaining the difference between a lapse and a relapse than some others do...I let a good friends 40th justify me stepping off the wagon. Then after three full days sober again (it was a good party mind you that went until the wee hours) the silly season celebrations became my excuse. I had a few friends drop around that week and I bought myself alcohol to 'socialise'. Then I had a sober weekend till the Monday with socialising. ..Then that Thursday night mentioned was the night I really slipped. It had had only been a few drinks each night not including that 40th. So about 4 then 3 sober days each week of my lapsing. ..I'm glad Thursday night happened as previously those night would have been rare for me. But my lizard brain wanted me to keep with my old habits and my body said "no you dont!!" Prior to that I could probably count on my hands the amount of times I had thrown up at all let alone due to alcohol. I'm just not a vomit prone person...I know the approach different people use works for them. I have a great network. Loving girl thoughtful councillor great friends who generally understand my situation. I get why people suggest the groups but they aren't for everyone. If it helps you that is excellent but it is not for me. ..I have a good base of friends who don't drink at all. I am lucky in that sense. Their influence that allowed me to see that I do have a problem in the first place. Back to cycling every day and meditation.
