-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gfj4u/i_will_never_have_fun_again/

I remember thinking exactly this when I was about 30 days in.  In fact it was one of my biggest hangups like "I guess I just have to be a depressed monk the rest of my life."  I'm writing this for anyone who might be feeling the same way...**TL;DR**  I had great sober night out with friends instead of an awful night drunk embarrassing myself...What actually happened last night?  It was great!  I had a bunch of fun.  I met up with my friends for dinner;  a few who have always been my friends before and after drinking a few new people I'm getting to know.  We went to dinner first at a place I've never been.  I tried a dish I've never had before.  The conversation was lively as we talked about everything from video games to the benefits and downsides to TPP.  Of course we engaged in a little friendly Apple vs. Android ribbing.  Yes the Galaxy Note explodes but at least I know how much battery life I have before it does!..Then the really fun part!  We went to one of these "Escape Room" things.  I don't know if you've heard of them but they're great!  They lock you in this area that is a series of rooms based on a theme and you have to solve puzzles to complete your mission and escape ( not really locked in of course ).  We were in the "Deep Space" one it was super cool.  It was a ship where we woke up from cryo and aliens had busted all our equipment.  Here's an example of a puzzle:  the aliens had locked the door to the cryo room we could hack the keypad to get out we figured out after a couple of minutes the noises the aliens were making were a sort of Morse code we interpreted the alien language into dots and dashes which corresponded with keypad entries "that one is A1 on the pad then B4" hacked the door and got to engineering.  Then on to more puzzles.  We beat the mission with only 6 minutes left!  Apparently the success rate on that mission is less than 1 in 5.  I was instrumental at some key moments; I figured out the cryo keypad.  But I have to give it up to my friends damn they're some smart people.  How James figured out that the star chart spelled out Fermi is beyond me.  I've heard of the guy but damn...We laughed and rushed around the whole time.  Everyone worked together and supported each other.  When we beat it there were high fives and hugs all around...Some of the people decided to go to bars after.  I bowed out.  I was tired and had a great night already no need to ruin it by trying not to drink at a bar.  My super best friend ( a stalwart ally in my sobriety ) offered that he and I do something else sober together.  He drinks but only in that bizarre normal way that we alcoholics can barely understand.  I noticed he didn't have any at dinner not abnormal for him but everyone else was.  He did it out of solidarity to make me feel more comfortable.  I have to buy that guy a puppy or something.  I told him I already had a great night and I'd see him later...Now here's how it would have gone if I had been drinking ( I can see it so clearly like there's an alternate reality where it actually happened 15 years of evidence ).  Around six I would have tried to polish off a couple of beers before getting in the shower to try and sober up.  I would have been drinking since the night before.  By that point I probably would have had at least 10 maybe more.  I would have driven drunk to the restaurant ( where I may have got pulled over and sent to jail after violating the terms from my last DUI ).  At the restaurant I would have been loud and obnoxious.  I would have cut people off in conversation insisted on shots and embarrassed my friend.  By the time we got to the escape room I would have been trashed.  I would have tried to force a kind of leadership role although to all present it was clear I couldn't even really understand any of the puzzles.  They would have been nice and given me something to do ( mostly to shut me up ).  They would realize I was useless and wonder why they brought me.  After that it would be off to bars all night.  I would have ineptly hit on women in a drunken stupor.  Frustrated I'd start bitching at some point about how life was so unfair to me.  Feeling sorry for me Ted would have taken me to his place so I could sleep it off before picking up my car from the restaurant this morning.  Driving home I'd bemoan what a loser I was and how I was never going to get a girlfriend no one liked me and I was never going to kick this drinking thing.  I'd be drinking right now to forget the embarrassment of the previous night...That of course is not what happened!!!  I had a great night.  I had FUN.  I will get invited out again.  I will find a nice girl who appreciates the new sober me.  Thinks are looking up.  Out here nine months into sobriety everything's different better.  I never want to go back to that old life.  It was so depressing.  This life is fun I'm useful people like me again...This post got way longer than I expected.  Apparently I needed to work this out.  I hope it helps someone.  If you're struggling it's worth it!!  Alcoholism is like the prison in "The Shawshank Redemption."  You've got to escape!  The path out is super tough and it takes awhile but it's worth it.  The beautiful beach of Zihuatanejo is waiting for you.  "Andy Dufresne - who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side." Crawl through that terrible sewer pipe of early sobriety.  You'll make it!!!..edit:  little grammar.  I apologize for the length jesus.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome.
Escape rooms are the most fun. Ever. Congrats on your excellent night! 
This is awesome! Those escape rooms sound fun and cheers (coffee) to smart friends! ..I try and do that too play out the entire scenario when I was drinking vs now. Sobriety always wins. Happy Sober Sunday! 
Thanks for your post! I had a super fun experience last night too and it hadn't even occurred to me that it was only possible because of my sobriety.
Well said. I totally agree that life in general is much more meaningful productive actually MORE fun and people want to be around me. It is so worth "crawling through that river of shit" as you so aptly put it to escape from our self imposed prisons in which we always possessed the key to escape.
That's really great! Though for what it's worth you could totally set an iPhone to have percentage battery.   
that escape room sounds like the tits! i need to see if they have those around where i live.
Do NOT apologize! You just made my morning so please take some credit for your awesome sober story. We can have fun sober. Seems like an oxymoron but it isn't. 
What a great story! I'm going to have to check out one of these escape rooms that sounds like a blast!
There is something so cool about not drinking.
As someone who is still struggling to completely be booze free this was great to read. The last section of you describing how it would have  gone had you been drinking definitely hit too close to home with me. 
That alternate reality is the real deal. ..Thats what would have happened to me to a T. Life is good now man. It always can be too. 
This is awesome. Yes you will find a nice girl who appreciates the sober you and how fun a night can be without alcohol! Happy for you--thanks for the fun read...
Thanks for sharing...really needed to hear this this morning. The escape room thing seems like it might be a good analogy for you escaping the prison that alcohol used to keep you in. 
That gives me something to hope for...   How long did you say this river is....?     : )
Congratulations.  Yeah fun gets reinterpreted.  I really thought everything would be boring and a waste of time going forward.  And you know some of it actually is - dinner parties I find are socially acceptable places for people to get tipsy/plastered (of course for me it would have been get mostly in the bag then go home and really drink).  So I have had a number of evenings where I was bored to sin due to not being able to get wrecked.  It's sort of pointless to me to get together in this regard now so I try to pull the event out of someone's house.  Let's go out to eat then do something afterwards.  Limits the drinking on the part of others gets you motivated and doing something else and if it sucks you can bail early.
You're doing it right. Exactly right. Keep doing it like this. This is what happiness feels like.  ..Do yourself a favor put pen to paper and describe this feeling. If you're ever tempted to say "Fuck It" read what you've written.
And don't forget - you remember it all like it was yesterday :)
I see in your description of the night some funny metaphorical parallels to the greater experience of alcohol addiction. First you're with your friends just shooting the shit and everything is fun. Suddenly you're trapped in a complex puzzle and without help from your friends you're doomed to fail. You have the keys out of this trap but must make sense of them and figure out how to use them in order to free yourself and those around you from this self-imposed prison. Sounds like a great night out. I raise my fizzy water with you today.
This is an awesome story. Congratulations on your sobriety! Glad to hear you had an awesome time!
[removed]
This was reallly awesome to read. Your drunk story sounds so close to what I used to do as well. So glad you made the choice to sobriety! And thanks for sharing this with us!!! 
Thanks for posting this. Very encouraging. I'm finding myself stuck in a similar mindset right now. Not really knowing what to do sometimes. At 30 most people I know want to go out to catch the game somewhere trivia Karaoke etc etc etc. Still not super comfortable around bars and such so it's proving to be difficult. Just gotta get out there and try some new things. Again thank you...Wont be drinking with you today!.
I really enjoyed this thank you! It's important for us to know that we can still have fun sober :). Glad you had a great time!
We are right within the same time frame of our sobriety. You summed up so much of what I have been feeling. Know that some stranger out there is so happy for you. I will not drink with you today.
I see Shawshank as a metaphor for alcoholism too..."Get busy living or get busy dying".....It's good to see you're busy living! :-)
Those escape rooms are great. I worry about this exact thing. "What do I do just sit home every night and watch netflix?" But when I manage to go a couple weeks without drinking I can go out and feel great. This weekend was a bender though drying up starting to tomorrow. Maybe I'll go 3 weeks this time. Never had a DUI thankfully.
Thanks for the story cobber. Brand new here and this is my greatest fear having to resign to the fact that I'm going to turn out to be a boring sod. 
Thank you for posting this at the exact time I needed to read it :)
Your post is very inspiring!  I'll have to check out escape rooms; that sounds like a lot of fun!..I liked your "alternate universe" part of the post too.  Being the drunkest one amongst mostly sober people is the worst.  I cringe now when I attend social events and see that people are either sober or mostly sober and wonder how these people or people like them reacted to my buffoonery in the past...Congrats on your awesome night!
Thank you for posting this. Sometimes it makes me feel like such an outsider not drinking. I feel like I'm a boring old lady now. However I feel so much better and I know I'm more pleasant to be around when I'm sober. I'm glad to hear that things get better. I don't want to live a boring Munk life lol. 
I went to an escape room with my wife and two other couples last night too. We made it out in 47 minutes and had a blast! Afterwards we went to have ice cream and played Uno. It was an awesome night that never would have happened if I was still drinking. I was an actual integral part of solving most of the puzzles and it felt awesome! 
5 months here.. not much fun happening since I stopped and relate to your post completely. ..I went go carting  the weekend - a heap of fun - 50 km/h 4cm from the ground no abs or power steering. Fantastic. ..If I was drinking still I probably wouldn't have gone if I did I would of gotten drunk and embarrassed my self afterwards. ..I think 'fun' comes more rarely but it's a lot more real and valuable than having drunken 'fun' 6 nights a week. 
I don't think it's possible to complete one of those escape rooms unless you're sober...lol
[deleted]
I love this post !!!
Your story is very important for all of us to read. I still get FOMO all the time and I hate giving in that feeling because I know it's not true! Thank you.
Day one again. Happy to hear about your time. PleaSe reset my badge. :/
thanks thats a great idea for something sober to do with friends...I too struggle with the 'no more fun' demon. 
This was great to read so don't apologize for length. Your enthusiasm is contagious and you started my morning off right - thanks for that.
Such a great post. Thank you. Xx
Thanks for posting this. I'm looking forward to being the truly fun one on New Year's Eve by NOT being drunk Hexqueen who nobody wants to get stuck in conversation with!
That's the first fearful thought I had when my parents (I'm 22) hit me with the "quit drinking or move out &amp; lose everything" thing. I am adhd and crave that crazy stupid obnoxious stimulation and wonder whether I will ever learn to have fun without alcohol again. This post is encouraging. Thank you and keep up the good work!! 
I love this post. This helped immensely. Glad you can have fun again :)
