-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gfpq7/2_weeks_sober_and_struggling_any_advice_would_be/

"Stay Strong" and "We're with you" doesnt need to post.  I was hoping someone could provide advice on what I can do to actually ease some of the cravings.  They suck.  I have been exercising to take my mind off of it and that helps but I can't do it all the time.  This is my first time in 23 years quitting.  I've made it longer that I ever thought I would and I dont want to slip.  "Why are you doing this again?" "One day drunk wouldnt hurt" "You're an adult you can do what you want" all keep trying to beat me down.
----------immediate responses--------

I lived that all day yesterday. No joke. The long boring horrible Saturday from hell and all I wanted was to get hammered. But literally the only things stopping me is that my desire to not be a shit show was greater than my desire to drink. I KNOW that one will turn into 20 and it's a slippery slope I can't go down. I'm sorry things are tough for you right now. I know that I always feel better the next morning having not drank. Good luck!  Not drinking with you today. ..Edit:  oh and I played video games for about 7 hours yesterday to keep my mind off it. Lol. 
Kudos for two weeks!..I found that eating something sweet helped with cravings. That wasn't enough though to  stay sober. I needed lots of support. Therapy rehab outpatient and involvement in AA gave me the tools needed to build a happy sober life. ..A craving is temporary. It helped when I finally accepted that I could have cravings without taking the first drink. What gave me hope and guidance was my therapist and seeing sober people at AA meetings. It helped to write down all the negative consequences of my drinking and it took quite a bit of paper. Doing this helped me remember what happens when I drink. Yes we're adults. I have a choice as long as I don't take the first drink...I'm glad you're here. Stay in touch.
The only cure for my cravings is more sober time.  I had to accept that cravings happen but I can choose to act on them or not.  One thing I found useful is instead of focusing on "I won't drink" focusing on not taking the individual steps that lead to drinking.  For example since I need my wallet to buy alcohol I put my wallet in my desk drawer at a certain time in the afternoon and then when a craving comes that night I think "I won't take my wallet out of the desk."  And if that gets hard I start thinking "I won't get off the couch" because I'd have to do that in order to get my wallet.  Might sound dumb but it helped me.
[removed]
Yeah I wish the post-workout feelings lasted forever. I'm so totally good for an hour or so after exercise...For me it is way easier now that I'm a couple months into it. I'm a goal setter in a lot of areas of my life and that has helped me in moments of minor weakness. In moments of major weakness I don't even think about the goals...I'm also a studier. I looked at my patterns of drinking and tailored my strategies specifically to my weaknesses. I didn't drink in the morning I didn't drink all day I didn't drink immediately after work. Nope only after I got home and dinner was over and the kid was going on the homework and I had put in a "solid effort" and when I felt like there was nothing more I could do that day that's when I would drink. 'Til I passed out. Every night...I don't need strategies at noon because that's not my issue...Now I focus on getting through that time every day. I'm here reading and posting in the evenings and a lot of times on weekend mornings when I am so super thrilled not to be hung over...Hope this helps. I'm sure your struggle looks a little different than mine.
Early on I needed to reward my brain in a planned way. ..A nice meal (some prefer sweets I tried to stick to savory) ..A massage ..Sex (with someone or by yourself!) ..Exercise ..Buying a new toy (for me that's technology) ..A movie binge watch TV a good book..I hope this helps. The cravings don't necessarily go away but they're more manageable after a while. 
The best I can give you is stay busy and do something that is far from your normal habits. I find a lot of my urges are triggered by shit I used to do when I would drink. When I stopped drinking my life was a little chaotic so I didn't take the same route home or pass the same bars/convenience stores I used to stop at so the urges were random but easier to fight. If you like working out or running go find a beautiful place to run. Or go drive somewhere. The worst thing you can do is sit around especially if booze is in reach.
What works for me is identifying what it is about the craving I'm seeking. I was a wine girl. I loved the warming aromatic aspects of red wine. I loved sitting near the window blanket in lap glass of merlot on the sil listening to an audio book and knitting.  ..So "warming" "aromatic" "cozy"...that's what's triggering the craving. There's nothing wrong with those feelings or wants in and of themselves. The wiring is okay. The end result the wiring leads to is not. So can I rewire those desires to lead to a new end? What else invokes feelings of warmth coziness aromaticness?   ..Tea. Tea is exactly like wine in alot of aspects. It's warming. It has an aromatic bouquet I can savor the nuances. It fits neatly into those cozy knitting evenings. OK so why not go out and buy really fucking nice tea? Loose leaf get a tea ball a special mug really...immerse yourself in the process and methodology. Why not? I had done the same with wine for awhile.   ..Anyway. I hope this helps. The holidays are coming up lots of dinners with family and I think I'm gonna go get me some really nice herbal and enjoy that while everyone's enjoying their wine.
Going to a meeting can help. Sometimes you just can't rely on yourself.
Naturopathic remedies abound.  Where I live there is this: http://www.portlandnaturalmedicine.org/services/alcohol-drug-healing/ and it focuses on detox through supplements and diet change.  If that isn't your cup of tea acupuncture seems to have some evidence on helping with cravings.  Still not your model?  There are like 5 FDA approved meds to help you get over the hump.  Just for god's sake.  Don't drink.  I am not a group talker but individual therapy might help.
Reading meditating listening to music. A bath or shower.  Netflix.  Call a friend - maybe someone you haven't talked to in a long time.  Plan a small sober vacation.  None of that will "fix" anything time seems to be the only thing that gets us through.
Here's some stuff that works for me:.. - Telling friends and family. Then I can't drink when I'm around them and I feel like I'd be letting them down if I do... - Candy.. - /r/stopdrinking. I've never tried AA (the only meeting in my city is two buses away) but community support is definitely helpful... - Consciously and deliberately think about all the reasons you quit drinking. How "just one drink" never ever ever means just one. And think about all the great things you get to have now that you're sober: you're in control of yourself you're saving money you get to enjoy mornings...I've been (sporadically) trying to make this something I remind myself of at every meal... - Seconding exercise.. - Join a club. Something where you meet in person. I found it got easier for me when I replaced shots at the bar with improv and crochet... - Oh yeah - maybe this won't work for you but I crochet like a beast now! ..Good luck!!
Benadryl helped me.  Insomnia was driving me mad in the beginning.
This is my second time around the first time I was sober over 50 days in more than 10 years. I found when I crave in the first days I check myself for HALT - hungry angry lonely tired.  99% of the time one of those is the culprit behind a craving so I address it. Half the time I find I am thirsty - besides a gallon of coffee I don't drink much water. So I make sure to reach out for some carbonated water - I have  Soda Stream so I have fizzy water at all times. I can't tell you how many times I thought I was craving a "nice" cold beer only to realize that I truly wanted the fizzy water - gulping .5 litres of carbonated water and not having my mind clouded after that felt almost euphoric. ..I also stop and observe the situation when I crave. What is happening? I am thinking of having a drink - why? What am I doing at the moment. I am washing dishes. I hate doing dishes and I'd rather be doing something else. So I am angry about doing dishes. I am angry that I can't have a dishwasher - this is the real problem for me I hate doing dishes. But drinking has 0 to do with I don't want to actually have a drink I want to have a dishwasher!! Then I analyze the situation further - ok so I am angry about doing dishes. I can either stop doing them and do some other chores or play video games or whatever. Or I can power through the dishes because the sink has been buried under the dishes the whole day now and I really need some clean dishes.  If I find dishwashing is really triggering my anger and the anger is making that shot of vodka look like an oasis in the desert I step away.  I remove myself from the source of anger and find something pleasant to do.  After a while I go back to dishes and now the fact that I was able to analyze the situation and logically refuse the drink makes me want to do the dishes because I am happy about my resistance...&gt; "Why are you doing this again?" "One day drunk wouldnt hurt" "You're an adult you can do what you want"..So instead of those focus on the root of the question. What are you doing at the moment? What exactly brought the thought into your head? Think HALT dig deep analyze change the circumstances the scenery the action. Don't fight the questions or persistent nagging - analyze it. Let it pass through you. Don't be afraid of those questions. ..Imagine yourself going to the store picking up that bottle drinking it getting drunk doing things you do when you're drunk then waking up the next morning. Hungover. Imagine the hungover. Imagine looking in your wallet credit card statement and the money that's not there anymore. ..When you refuse to drink   think about being happy about not having to spend mental energy on deciding and fighting. "I made a decision to not drink and that's the decision for today- like jumping off a cliff - once you jumped you can't change your mind right?" So same here - I made the decision not to drink and everytime the doubt comes back - you don't have to struggle - the decision has been made - the answer is No. No to wasting mental energy time to drive to the store drink the poison get hungover waste the next day's/days' energy on recovering and spend energy on mental anguish that accompanies it all. ..Sometimes I get really excited to wake up in the morning and check-in on here. Because I then make a decision for the rest of the day and it's out of my hands. Once a thought comes - "Ooh wine is so tasty would go nice with lamb chops for supper" I get a jolt of the joyous   Hey you already made a decision so you don't have to keep thinking about it. And it drops just like that. ..I hope these tips help. It helped me to write them out to remind myself of these tips as I am back to sobriety after trying drinking again for a couple of weeks. Didn't like it still don't like it.  Love the clear mind and body full of energy....EDIT : Also sugar. I ate so much ice cream gummy bears and chocolate that I should have bought shares in those companies before I started the sugary diet. I ate tons for the first 3-4 weeks and I only gained 3 lbs which I all lost in the second months after my cravings for sugar went away..
I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who posted.  I have been checking in and out on this thread all day and I didn't drink because of it.  I know I can't keep up posting like this every day but today it kept me sober....Thank you very much for reaching out to a stranger and hleping me stay sober and sane.
call another alcoholic and talk about your craving...And pause. 
