-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5giao7/at_the_end_of_the_day_at_least_im_me/

I don't know what the point of this post is. What I do know is that I am feeling lonely. I hardly have friends to hang out with; I go months without doing something social that doesn't involve an invite from a family member. I hardly have any friends. I desire the attention of a woman but I haven't had that for almost 9 months. I am depressed and in a tough spot. What I am feeling are emotions. Many negative ones. I feel lost and alone with life right now. I don't mean to bring you down. This is just what I am feeling and have been struggling with for a little while now. I guess it helps to type it out. ...While I could experience this and cave in to whatever addiction is waiting for me should I choose to stop trying I know what that road leads to. I have been down it several times. I know how it plays out. It leads to not facing my problems. It leads to numbing myself indefinitely. It leads to more and more pointless distractions; more and more pointless relationships based off substances. It leads to chasing a good feeling that can never be sustained and must always be paid back with interest. ...When I am in a dark spot I like to take the time to look back at what I have accomplished. Since I've been sober I have ditched an undesirable relationship (I still second guess this from time-to-time but I think that is the trickery of loneliness; it makes me forget about all of our incompatibilities and only remember the good) I have fought and defeated other addictions (goodbye stimulants goodbye cannabis goodbye pornography) I have picked up healthier habits such as better diet and exercising and I have graduated from law school. I guess things are going okay but FUCK does being alone suck. I miss human interaction I miss having a woman to try and make laugh to talk with to have sex with to cuddle on the couch with and feel that deep sense of love and connection; the kind that almost makes your head ring. I miss feeling needed. I miss making a connection. I'm worried that if I find the chance to make one I'll come off too needy because I really need it. I don't like having to play that game of hiding my feelings and intentions. Why do we do that?...At the end of the day I guess I should be happy for one more thing: That this currently-depressed and lonely person is *me*. There are not any substances hiding me from my true self. These emotions are real unaltered and strong. This is why I would use substances: to avoid the feelings. Fuck that I'm not doing that--I'm too smart. I'm not drinking to feel the buzz I'm not smoking weed to make the boring seem entertaining and I'm not sitting next to someone that I am slowly becoming unhappy with and dread the thought of marrying or having a child with. Maybe I should embrace these emotions. They tell me things. They make me act. They make me strive for change because it is either being stuck with the emotions or take action to dispel them. Maybe these emotions are good but that doesn't mean they don't suck....(Edit: Thank you all for listening your advice and your own experiences. I really appreciate it and it helps more than you know.).
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I just read your entire post. ... The first thing that popped in my head was this. Have you tried going out to meetup events? Meetup.com has a pretty good selection of groups even in my humble little city. 
Congrats on your sober time. I combat loneliness by volunteering. I am around people and am out of myself. I would also enjoy relationship intimacy but for now I'll let the cosmic balance handle that.
Your post really resonated with me - I'm finding a year into sobriety that I still have a lot of very hard feelings the difference is I just don't want to go down that dark road of trying to drown them anymore.  I'm trying to remember all the things I would lose even while part of my brain screams that there's an easy way out.  The problem is it was never easy.  It was infinitely harder than facing the feelings I'm having now.  ..I hope you find some solace soon.
Hey glad you're here and posting!..Congratulations on your success to date!..Sorry to hear about your struggle.  ..I see "meetup" has already been suggested.  How about "meetings"?  I made a lot of sober friends at meetings do numerous activities with different people!
Being alone sucks. I was celibate for most of my drinking oddly. The idea of risking having a kid was terrifying because it meant that I was going to have to put the bottle down...Still alone. I don't know if it's by choice or not right now. No real time to meet people and I plan on leaving this area at the beginning of April and would feel like an ass pursuing something then taking off...Honestly I don't have much of an idea of what I'm doing right now. I know I want to get the hell out of here. I know I want to quit having to work for other people and right now the "part time" job I'm holding is actually costing me money and VALUABLE time...But hey I'm sober. I got plans. I got a future. Works for me I'll take care of the rest as it comes. Just gotta keep pressing forwards.
No advice but a great appreciation for what you're going through everything you had to say.  This thing we call life is far from easy and is often lonely and confusing.  I hope you post more in the future as you progress through it.
I've been going through this exact thing since my divorce a couple of years ago.  I'm perfectly cool with being alone but damn: every. single. freaking. day.??? My ex-husband took the friends but it's no big deal because at the end of the day they hindered me not helped... my cats are great but they're you know cats...
"and I'm not sitting next to someone that I am slowly becoming unhappy with and dread the thought of marrying or having a child with..."..I am currently struggling with this.  The safety and security of being with someone who adores me and helps me pay my mortgage despite their emotional instability has been a siren call.  ..I am disregarding the ways in which they are unhealthy for me partially because I haven't trusted my emotional responses to being in a relationship in a long time.  Thank you for sharing honestly the reasons why it's okay to feel the hard stuff and to find the positive in sitting with those feelings.
