-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gjdis/check_in_and_struggles/

Hey all..Just checking in to jot down my thoughts...Struggling a lot today. Heard my mum has to go into a hospice I'm worse than broke (debt) need a job and still suffering from a huge amount of guilt from what I did while drunk...But at least I'm not drinking...Every problem seems to have come at once but when I look at it everything except my mum's health is my fault from all the drinking...So guessing I have to get through this pain as best as I can and know that if I stop drinking I won't be in such a bad situation again. (At least ones that are my fault.)..Anyway hope all are well.
----------immediate responses--------

When it rains it pours. However you're gonna be one tough cookie for having gone through it. I am sorry to hear about your mother I too am looking at doing the same with my father in the near future. Shit sucks. Check into government assistance and or charity programs through the hospice care. Everything will work itself out. Stay strong and be gentle on yourself for your mistakes they are in the past. ..Much love.Bossbobross 
That is a lot on your plate but be proud of yourself for staying sober through it all.
Sorry to hear that from you. I am in the same situation. There has been like 4 extra problems in one week with no easy solutions. Been fixing things that I have caused to myself and things that were not in my control. If it helps any bit you are not alone. ..I like to think that no matter what happens only I can decide on my sobrierity. It has been becoming a sort of thing that acts as a last fortress of self-discipline in the face of adversity. It gives something to control when my life seems out of control. It has become helpful when I have been feeling like I'm getting overwhelmed by life... Remember that this too shall pass. 
I'm sorry to hear about this and I hope things go better for you. In a way maybe they already are. This may be a good opportunity to get all of the issues corralled pinned up to a bulletin board in one place where they can be dealt with strategically. One thing I always hate is when I'm dealing with issues and it slowly leads to an unravelling of one new problem after another with each one changing my approach to a solution...The nice thing about climbing a mountain is that the right direction is upward and that doesn't change while you're conquering it. There is no right direction when you're conquering a plain. Maybe this can be a mountain for you.
