-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gkpkl/day_1_commitment/

I'm starting now and hoping for support. Been lurking and got the final kick/inspiration when I read a "thank you for attending our wedding" letter today where both bride and groom good old friends alluded to how drunk I was that night. They thought it was funny but didn't realize it was after I had gone 45 days dry and that it was a collapse that sent me 3 months towards a functioning albeit awful relapse. ..I've always known. Today I admit. I don't have power over alcohol. I have a problem...Today will be tough but I won't drink with you. In fact today will only be tough because I drank yesterday. It will get better...Thanks for reading and being there r/stopdrinking
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for being here:) The shared experiences of all the users of this sub help keep me going especially the up and coming sobernauts such as yourself! One day at a time! You got this! ..Much love.Boss 
Be strong. Good on you for stopping again. 
We are so happy you are here! I love seeing more and more of "us" join this path to sobriety. No one will be able to explain how great you really are gonna feel soon. You can only see for yourself. Live &amp; think healthier. Booze only bring us deeper down. You got this! I will not drink with you today. 
You know what to do now do it again until it sticks...Good luck m8 and cheers to day 2.
Hi and welcome out of lurker-mode :). Grab a badge in the sidebar on the right. Checking in here every morning reading/posting/commenting/chatting helps me stay on track. So make yourself comfortable I'm glad you've joined the family!
OMG- I love " today will only be tough because I drank yesterday.".That is so very very true..I am also back on day 1 and I also will have a tough day because I drank yesterday.
I so genuinely appreciate you all!
Congratulations - it can only get better from here :)
I'll join you. I feel the same way I don't have power over it either. The first 3 days have always been the worst for me. After that it does get better. I'm ready to get back to that and make it stick.
Won't drink with you either.  Looking forward to that better part!  : )
