-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gn3ze/still_so_much_reset/

Idk if anyone remembers my post from a few weeks ago but I planned out my relapse and I went through with it. I've been miserable ever since. I did start going back to meetings re-identified as a newcomer took a commitment(s) and even told my sponsor but I still keep drinking. My place is a mess my stomach hurts all the time and I feel like an utter piece of shit because I'm lying to people left and right. I'm so scared to re admit these recent slip ups but I know I'll have to eventually. I keep telling myself the lie that it'll be "just once more day" and I'll get back to program tomorrow. But I still keep drinking...This is the only place - so far - that I've been able to be rigoursly honest when anyone. I know some are judging me but that's ok. None of you have a worse opinion of me than I do or myself at this moment. ..Thanks for letting me share. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know the feeling.  I was quitting "tomorrow" for many many months into years.  However pushing it off never made it easier and made it harder for me because it ingrained the addiction into me even more.  Thanks for sharing and good luck.
there comes a time or not when people are are able to change some behavior. It is a choice you make. there is no more to it than that. maybe you have undesirable consequences as a result of the behavior and that gives you a reason or maybe you just decide enough is enough. either way you are the decider. only you can do it and you will when you are ready. best wishes
I don't know about others but I for one can only judge you for your courage in admitting your slip-up.  It is hard to put yourself out there..I once again had to admit my downfall so if others are judging you badly then I am also being judged in the same way..I'm proud of you and I will gladly stand beside you as one of so many that keep picking themselves up starting anew..Remember every successful day being sober is one less day wasted being drunk!
Good luck I'll just at say in my experience in AA they don't shoot the wounded. People understand the hiding and lying I mean drinking is what alcoholics do it's the being sober that's against our nature. Best of luck going forward. 
The big thing about "just one more day" for me is that I would not let anyone hold me accountable. I'm a grown man who is going to tell me that I can't have a drink after I just worked all day? I guess there is a certain pride to it as well. I have put my pride aside and posted to this sub and there has been nothing but love. Stay strong my friend I will not drink with you tonight.
No offense to anyone reading this but if there are peopling judging you then they don't belong on this. We all struggle some of us fall more than others but everyone here is empathetic to your situation. I'm glad you are here this sub is incredibly supportive no matter how many times you might falter.
