-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gxxel/denial/

I've been part of this community for a little over a year and post/comment semi-frequently.  I see a therapist which we discuss my issues with drinking often.  My Kindle has about 15 alcoholic memoirs or similar on it.  I have reset my badge about 20 times in the last year.  I went to Refuge Recovery meeting earlier this year and about a dozen online SMART Recovery meetings.   OH - and I have a decade long struggle with alcohol and was becoming increasingly concerned about the damage being done to my insides. ..Despite all this - there was still some corner of my brain trying to manage the 'situation'.  Maybe if I just....what if I tried....I just need to make it to New Years....whatever.  In the last 6 months I have cut down to drinking only 1 day a week on average but it still made me utterly miserable.  ..I have been binge listening to the podcast the Bubble Hour lately.  Listening to all these lovely ladies be articulate and funny while discussing their alcoholism I just realized I could relate to absolutely everything they said.   Buying the four pack of mini bottles so you'll drink just one but drink them all? Check.  Fake being happy and energetic to your family but inside you want to die from your hangover? Check.   Pathologically obsessed with keeping up appearances so that no one suspects that just beneath the surface is a hideous wine monster? Check.  ..OOOOOH it slowly dawns on me.   I'M an alcoholic.  THAT'S the fucking problem.   I sat with this admission for a few minutes and could feel my 'addict' start to kick up a fuss "..but...but...but"  And I was like no you have tried everything EVERY THING nothing works. Period.  And then I felt really calm maybe even a flicker of strength? and I realized now I can get on with the business of getting better without having to restart over and over again.  ..I told my therapist my admission before I could wuss out and I'm sharing with you guys to keep me accountable.   Another perk of my podcast binge is I started to get really jealous of people who have sober friends - and I realized that part of the reason I hadn't been to AA yet is that one small shred of hope that I'm not an alcoholic and if I went to a meeting there would be no turning back.  Now I see it as a chance to connect with people people just like me people here on SD and like the ladies on the Bubble Hour. ..I'm on day 9 hopefully for the last time. ..
----------immediate responses--------

same boat went to AA for the first time tonight and I did it for the exact same reason I needed to go to a brightly lit room and admit that I have a problem in front of other people for the sake of accountability. ..not to take away anything away from r/stopdrinking but admitting to being an alcoholic on an anonymous internet forum just didn't have nearly the impact of saying it in front of people...
I couldn't 'manage' either.  I couldn't 'moderate' or 'get it under control' or 'just have a couple'.  And I definitely didn't want to admit I was an alcoholic.  I kept moving the goalposts -- after all if I kept hanging out with people who kept getting drunker and drunker I wasn't alone and didn't have a problem right?  And the amount of holidays and family memories that I spent dying on the inside of a hangover.  I was afraid of failing.  To me I had to stop trying to quit and just not drink for today.  And then repeat it the next day.  
cutting down to 1d a week is awesome if you ask me. just that it gets uncontrolled then i guess. and that's the weakness/pull u r fighting and good luck with that. really the more i think about 1d a week makes me feel u got this in control for the most part. being too hard on yourself might as well be a stress and then a trigger.. you would know what makes you falter on that day of the week? how can that trigger be suppressed or controlled to not cause miserable effects? i mean i would approach this (1d/week binge) differently/focus than everyday drinkers?
I managed to go the past few weeks "Only at weekends/one night". ..It still fucked my life up and stopped me doing shit I have to do. Enough.
Wishing you the best.  Due to the training  I had at 18-19 years old and family history I have been positive that I was an alcoholic for about 35 years.  However I never had it in me to quit until recently.  I just managed it as well as I could.  Never had a dui and still have good job due to my act.  Seems like many folks do not want to admit being an alcoholic to themselves.  While I get that I truly believe that it is the hand we are dealt and not something to be ashamed of.  I would also say that I think some of the most passionate and interesting folks I have ever met are also alcoholics.  Why is this?  Hell if I know....
