-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5gxz8o/no_one_knows_im_an_alcoholic_and_im_scared_i_wont/

I've been drunk almost every day for almost four months. I know that I should reach out for help but the weak part of me doesn't want to and the scared part of me isn't sure I can trust even my family or friends with this. I've always struggled with depression and alcoholism runs in my family. I guess those things have made me feel a little hopeless. Drinking always makes me feel better for a while. I live for the hours I'm drinking. I know it might be wrong but sometimes I feel like the drunk me is the real me. At least she's happy. She makes people laugh (people who aren't even drunk!). I've grown to love drunk me. I know it's not right and I know I need to let go of her but I'm honestly scared of what life's going to be like after her...I'm not trying to be self-pitying but I just needed to let this out. I'm too scared to talk to anyone in my life about this.
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean when you say "I live for the hours I'm drinking"...for awhile I felt like my only genuine interest/hobby was drinking. ..I'm in no place to give advice obviously but I do know that this community is the right place to be. I've lurked for several months they're all really supportive and we're all in the same boat. ..I hope things get better for you OP!
I know how you feel my family and I don't share a lot of feelings and I've never brought up the subject of my drinking with them. I'm sure many many people have trouble broaching the subject in even the closest of families! ..It sounds like you're considering quitting but not 100% convinced yet. Just wanted to make it known that you can always ask questions about how and why people got sober---maybe it will help demystify the process a little and make it feel more desirable or manageable. Wishing you all the best! 
I was in a similar situation depressed drunk at all hours when not working and family history of alcoholism. Your friends who you can't trust to help yourself aren't your friends. Drunk me was the real me too or so I thought. Get some MEDICAL help the doctors and staff don't care they're job is to help you and they are legally obligated to do so if you go to the ER. Your family probably doesn't want you to die so you've got that going for you at least. I've been sober 9 days and every day gets better and better.
I can relate very much to this. Living for the hours you're drinking. I was okay with being sober for most of the day as long as I could get drunk at the end. And I struggle with depression and hopelessness and haven't talked much about this with anyone in my life. I feel the "alcoholic" stigma greatly and don't feel like dealing with certain people. I haven't drank in about two months. Over that time my depression has gotten a lot better. I'd still say I'm depressed and I still have ups and downs but the ups are higher the downs are not as bad. It's been hard not to drink at times but it's been rewarding. As I got less depressed it stopped being as difficult to not drink because I didn't want to feel so shitty again.
I thought nobody knew I was an alcoholic but I was the last one to figure it out. I was really scared I wouldn't be able to stop until the day I did.
I too struggle with depression. And alcoholism runs in my family (lost my father to it. All my extended family drinks a ton. Grandma has been sober for years though)..I felt alone when I started. And at times I still do. I tend to isolate I know that. I ended up reaching out to friends and family after trying it on my own and failing over and over. It's been hard getting to know this new me but he's better than drunk me ever could be. This will be the hardest thing you do but also the most rewarding. I wish you luck and I'll join you in not drinking today.
I haven't told my family either. For years and years my family didn't even know I drank alcohol. I had been drinking for maybe 10 years before my mother even found out but they don't know to what extreme my drinking has gone and I refuse to tell them. They aren't supportive of me. Alcoholism also runs in my family. My father and aunt both died from cirrhosis of the liver. My grandfather was a very heavy drinker but he eventually stopped and turned to cigarettes. My mother and grandmother both were heavy drinkers so yea its a cycle but I want to break it. I don't want to be like them and im noticing that even though its only my second day I can be just as fun to be around sober as I can be drunk. Honestly the drunk me is just ugly. Loud falling all over the place etc. People don't think that's fun. They look at me like im stupid and they laugh at me. Screw what everyone else thinks. Do this for yourself and your future!
My family doesn't support me either.  I had several months of sobriety over the summer and I got SUCH pressure from them.  Tried opening up to a few of them and was only meant with defensiveness.  My quitting made them question their drinking. My family can't dream of an alcohol-free holiday; in their eyes what's the point?  At times I've "fake added" vodka to my cranberry or secretly poured a little water over some ice.  They just assumed it was straight vodka on the rocks and no one gave me a hard time.  This Christmas my plan is to tell them that I'm a new med and am forbidden to drink.  Hopefully that will quell all the chiding.  Typing this out makes me want to take a break from family holidays....all that malarkey takes so much wasted energy.  
Since you grew up around it I'd imagine you're aware of some of the resources out there for people like us?
