-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5h1k1u/7_years_today/

December 7th 2009 was my first day of sobriety.  It has been an amazing journey...On December 5th or so I had been found out by my wife (I was supposedly sober at this point but she found me out) and she was talking of divorce my job was in shambles I was put on probation at a job I had been at for 10 years and was pretty high up in the company.  I was waking up every night with sweats and shakes and starting to drink in the morning to combat severe anxiety. I was overweight. I had high blood pressure.  I had severe acid-reflux. I had been to the emergency room twice for panic-like attacks was coughing up blood at night sometimes and had been to the Dr. for an endoscopy to see if "anything was wrong".  Lol I knew what was wrong...Today I am still married to the same wonderful woman my two kids seem to love and respect me my career took off after my probation.  In fact I took home employee of the year in 2010.  And my health is back to normal no blood pressure issues no stomach issues sleep like a baby...I rarely think about drinking today all my "friends" that I used to drink with have dropped away I go with my normie wife to parties and dinners without a second thought.  I am amazed that she can leave half a glass of wine on the table that still astonishes me but shows me how not-normal my drinking habits were...All of that being said I am still wary.  I know the "reptile mind" is still there it still occasionally tests me:  "You can have a drink.  Wouldn't one drink right now taste SO good?  It's hot you are thirsty!  You are alone nobody would know."  I see this monster now and I can catch him and laugh.  But he is always there lurking somewhere and I must maintain my vigilance...I have some experience with this.  It has taken me 29 years to get these 7.  I first went to rehab in 1987.  Twice I had racked up 4+ years only to relapse again.  But those nights of shaking and sweating still terrify me I hope they always will...If I could give one factor for my success thus far it is accountability.  Through meetings friends family and my boss I have built a lattice of accountability.  I have no doubt my wife would leave if I drank (she has promised me as such) I have two young children I'd like to see grow up my friends all know that I do not drink and my boss as well.  This has been a very important part of me sticking to it this time.  That being said there will always be times when you are alone and there is booze on every corner I have to keep my sobriety game strong and this is why I have lurked here for years...Thank you all who are also on this journey with me our common suffering and our common goal join us together...May you be sober today!..EDIT: Grammar.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations man!
Wow congrats!  Stay strong!  I can't say I know how being truly sober feels but just the fact that you're still kind of amazed that someone can leave a half a glass of wine there and not drink it...sounds like it would be way too easy to slide back into those bad habits. "Well I've had one why not another I've been so good".  So happy to hear your life has turned around so much. 
Wow congrats on seven years! 
**High^Five for seven years!**..Thanks for your inspirational post. You give hope to others.
You're an inspiration! Not drinking with you 
Thank you for this this reminder to stay vigilant. As I approach 500 days my reptile brain reminds me from time to time that it thinks I could give moderation another try. ..Congratulations and thanks! 
Thank you for sharing your success story. It gives me a lot of hope. .
The hero's journey.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! THAT IS AWESOME AND ANOTHER WAY THAT I CAN SEE HOPE FOR MY FUTURE!!!..I will not drink with you today
Happy sober birthday winner!..Thanks for sharing your es&amp;h....
Wow!  You could say that today is...... a day that lives in infamy. ...I'll see myself out. 
Wow - thank you for sharing this. As someone who is about to hit their 1 year mark this is a really powerful thing to be reading. :) I hope to have as many successful sober years as you do!
Thanks. These stories really help us newbies. This type of success seems so far away. Congratulations man you should be proud of yourself 
Fantastic post! You remind us all it is a journey that doesnt end and that we must not get complacent. Seven years is amazing!
congratulations! I love this post. Thankyou
happy birthday! i hit 2 years on december 3rd. appreciate the reminder about accountability. 
Wow many congratulations to you!! This is an awesome achievement!!..&gt;I must maintain my vigilance &amp; a lattice of accountability ..These two things are keeping me sober too good on you   ..
Wow this is amazing! Congrats! Stay strong friend I won't drink with ya today!
Congrats!   This is awesome!
thanks and congrats! 
Congratulations on 7 years! Thank you for the inspiration!
Thank you for this! Amazing job on 7 ys
Great success story and congratulations on 7 years! Reading stories like this truly grounds me and reminds me to stay vigilant. Thank you!
Thanks for sharing. It gives hope to those that relate to the first part. 
Wow! Strong work right here! 7 years- good on you. 
Congrats......That was me over 21 years ago.....when I quit..I was about to lose the girl the house and the job for the 2nd time within 10 years
Hi!  Congrats on seven years!..Do you mind sharing your experience with past relapse?  Did it sneak up on you?  Did you feel yourself gradually becoming less motivated toward sobriety?  Do you think there specific things that you could have done that would have helped prevent them?..I really want my decision to quit to be permanent and I'm gathering any tips or warning signs I can to arm myself for the future.
Congrats! 
Congrats on 7 years! ..&gt; Twice I had racked up 4+ years only to relapse again...Any advice for people that are nearing 3 years?..&gt;If I could give one factor for my success thus far it is accountability. Through meetings friends family and my boss I have built a lattice of accountability...Unfortunately I have no accountability to anyone else on this planet. Can you tell me what your second most important factor is?
Thank you for the inspirational post and well done for 7 years. My lizard brain tried suggesting a drink a bit earlier. It doesn't do it very often and at the moment it's easy to bat away but I'm conscious that I must remain vigilant too so I don't listen to it one day...I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for the share and the reminder for staying aware building a support system around you that also keeps you accountable and growing! 
Great job on 7 years man. I can relate in many aspects. thanks for the post.
Amazing and inspiring! Thank you for such a great post! 
This post just made me so happy congratulations to you! You're an inspiration to all of us :)
Awesome... thats for sharing. Inspiring for me.
Thanks for sharing your amazing success. Hopefully all of us can be in your situation at some point.   
[deleted]
That's awesome I hope to be you in 6 years and 354 days
Congrats!!!! &lt;3
This helps me understand that I need to let the people in my life know what I am trying to do so that they can keep my accountable.  Thank you for this post it's inspirational.
Congrats on 7 years!..I think my reptile brain funny expression that comes at me almost daily.  Or probably daily but I am not aware of it all the time.  It is what it is and it is as much a part of me as breathing...I dont know that I am so much vigilant anymore so much as aware that part of me is always there.  The darkness the ID etc.  
