-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5haozo/not_denial_but_in_denial/

So I've known for quite some time that I am addicted to alcohol and it has caused a wide array of problems for me. In fact next week I have both court and a meeting with my probation officer to discuss my probation violation for the DWI I recently received...I guess the issue I'm struggling with is admitting to my probation officer and the courts that I'm an alcoholic. I have no issue doing so with my friends and family but for some reason I feel like if I admit it to the court and probation it will adversely affect me. I've had experience with the justice system for quite some time now (stemming from an incident years ago that landed me with a lengthy probation term) and I know for a fact that they are far more concerned with money and the bottom line than with people who struggle with mental illness and addiction problems. I think this is why I'm so hesitant to admit my problem to them. ..Part of me likes to think that if I could just get over this and throw myself honestly at their mercy it would work out for me. The other part of me thinks that ultimately I would just be putting a target on my back for them to make me jump through even more hoops and essentially have a target on my back...I just don't know what to do anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that's tricky.  I've heard here and in other sober forums (and it's my own experience) that we alcoholics like to try to control well everything but when we let go of that control things tend to get better.  Do you have a lawyer or someone else you could trust for advice?
I'm in no way qualified to give advice but I think that admitting your problem might show that you're taking responsibility for it owning it. Which shows that you're willing to do something about it. If there's any chance they could know about your addiction denying it will only show that you're not prepared to be responsible have no remorse and might just generally piss them off. Like I said I have nothing to Base this on just my opinion. 
My lawyer advised admitting my problem which I was going to do anyway would aide my situation.  In fact I shared with my lawyer I am attending AA.  He encouraged me to print a log and have it signed each time I go even though I haven't been to court yet.  On another note AA had been very helpful to me .. good luck my friend 
