-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hew5f/friday_is_my_relapse_day/

I've gone from a daily drinker (for decades) to a Thursday-Friday-Saturday binge drinker (for months).  ..I'm looking to turn it around today.  Today is the only day I have any control over...I will not drink today!  ..EDIT: grammar...EDIT:  I love this sub!  I am going to the gym then meeting my son.  I am looking forward to my first hangover free Saturday in nine months.  Thanks for the support!..EDIT:  12:15am Saturday morning.  I made it.  Goodnight and thanks for good vibes!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. ..I won't drink with you today also. 
Fridays can be a struggle for me to mate. I will not drink with you today
Weekends are your worst enemy sometimes. Good for your making this decision! I will also not drink with you today.
I'm with you. Last Friday I relapsed and lost my entire weekend. Today I am trying to be aware of my triggers and have a plan for each of them. ..I have a normal end of day routine that last Friday I blew off in a rush to get home. I didn't think anything of it until the cravings hit me hard driving home and I bought a 22oz beer and so on. Now I see that my scumbag brain was doing that on purpose. ..Last night was very similar. Rushed out of work to pick my kids up from school and the urge hit me hard. At first I just gave in and imagined buying a twelve pack and resetting my badge. But I applied the HALT method and realized that I was tired and thirsty as hell. Pulled a can of LeCroix out of my backseat and put on my audio book "The subtle art of not giving a fuck" and passed up my go to convince store. I felt awesome as fuck this morning. ..Sobriety is a problem I want to work on. Solving this problem will make me a better father and husband. Fuck every thing else. ..Lets not drink today. 
Every day seems to be my relapse day lately :( don't let the badge fool you.... I feel bad bugging the mods... (sorry guys)
I will not drink with you today! Weekends were the hardest for me too -- esp. Fridays. I found that once I got through the first two it got a lot easier. So keep on trucking! You can do this! The best thing is waking up on Saturday with a clear mind ready to really enjoy that day. When I struggle I set my sights on that like a laser. 
stay strong Fridays are really hard for me too.  We can do this! .
I vow to get through this weekend sober free but today I will not drink with you
Funny - those were my heaviest days too.  This will be my first Friday in what feels like forever without a drink.  Happy to share it with you.
My first sober Friday in at least a year. I'm gonna make it this time. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for posting. I'm new and it's the witching Hour and I came to this sub for support and got it with your thread. I will not drink with you tonight.
Im not drinking with you tonight! 
The weekends are especially hard for me. It was my drinking days. They are getting much easier though. ..You got this! You'll thank yourself in the morning. 
I won't drink with you today. Good idea to hit the gym.
I won't drink either!.
Good work. ..Friday is my trigger day as well. Hard stuff...I was deeply tempted this Friday night but I got through it. I took it hour by hour and pushed through until it was time for bed. I hope it gets easier soon!..Next Friday I'm going to make sure i have a plan in advance. 
Im definitely not drinking today! Good luck my friend! You've got this
That all sounds about right to me. Lets make it to day 6 together mate!
i'm with you! one day at a time.
I won't drink with you today!
And so long as we don't drink we can do anything anything we want. No longer does alcohol dictate my life to me. I enjoyed your post. Good luck!
Just think how great we will feel tomorrow morning :)
