-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hfanl/four_years_ago_today_i_checked_myself_into_rehab/

Today is a good day. ..Four years ago today I checked myself into Rehab for alcohol & substance abuse. At that time I was afraid & filled with fear. My greatest conflict was turning into someone I disliked. I had gotten myself into a situation and was not being motivated enough to change it. No one could tell by looking at me but I would be freaking out inside  and tearing myself apart in constant conflict. Inevitably I hit rock bottom by losing everything I lost self respect for myself I lost self control I ended up making excuses to go out and use. I finally reached out for help I discovered I was not alone and I was showered with support & encouragement. ..Going to rehab (for me) was not a walk in the park  it was like slamming into a brick wall and learning how to climb it in boot camp. With no cellphones or wifi allowed I journaled daily to get my thoughts out.  I volunteered at senior centres and bingo halls. I hung out with monks nuns and holy men. I went to countless drop-in-centres alpha houses and hospitals for over 200 AA & NA meetings. When exposed to life this way I really got to know myself. ..Councillors asked how I felt but it was up to me to identify & gain appreciation why I'm feeling that way in the first place. ..Through appreciation I realized it's okay to feel angry upset lonely tired but it's not okay to let feelings make decisions for you. Example: I was lonely because I trusted the wrong people who don't share a solid foundation of openness & honesty. If someone with a different moral compass lets me down it's no reason to be upset it's reason to surround myself with better people. (If you're reading this I thank you for adding value to my life). ..Before I left rehab I was brought aside by the guy who runs the treatment centre. He said that I have a gift and should use it to connect with others and inspire them. To not do so would be depriving the world somehow of the full experience of life. ..On the same day I checked out of rehab I had an interview for a Calgary White Hat Award. I wasn't sure what to do or what to say to the interviewers but I decided on one thing... to have fun be authentic & smile. ..They absolutely loved me. For once I didn't try to impress anyone instead I started to enjoy life and only shared it with them. ..What I thought was challenging then isn't so difficult now. I am thankful & appreciative today that I have no time or space in my heart to let negativity creep in. I share openly how I feel to ensure I keep my side of the street clean. ..Admittedly I am not perfect I have my struggles and I still have a long ways to go. I cannot change my past but I can make amends and begin to walk in the direction of progress. ..In my clean & sober life I have lost friends to this disease along the way. I plan to give back as much as I have received. I trust that's what they would have done if they were here today. ..I turn my focus away from any ideas of lack or weaknesses I possess; instead I grow to understand them in order to conquer them. I spend a large majority of my day organizing my life to cover the basics eating healthy physical/mental rest & exercise. If I have room for anything else then it's a win...Today I have a White Hat a four year chip and wonderful people I my life to be thankful for. ..Today is a good day...         ..My recovery blog .https://www.hellasober.com/blog
----------immediate responses--------

great post. i will definitely check out your blog. ..congrats on working on having your best life. that is my goal as well. 
Excellent post.  Words to live by.
Wow...Just. Wow...Thank you for sharing and congrats on four years. 
Most excellent. I agree.
wow congrats on 4 years!..Two 4 year posts in one day? What are the odds of that? .Awesome stuff!
Congrats on 4 years and thanks for all that you give back! 
I'm curious what a Calgary White Hat Award is! I enjoyed your post. Thx
I love this inspirational post! Congratulations on 4 years!
Amazing! Congrats on the 4 years!!
