-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hh3n5/thoughts_on_will_you_guys_be_my_cheer_squad_today/

I'm one week sober today and "celebrated" by dragging my ass to an early morning body attack class at the gym. So far so good so sweaty and so very stinky...The reason I require a cheer squad to rival T-Swifty's phoney-ass girl squad is that the rest of this glorious Saturday will throw down some challenges. My best friend (who is one of my biggest supporters when it comes to my stopping of the drinking) is having her birthday lunch at a local pub today. And this evening I have a Christmas soir e to attend where the Champagne will be a-flowing...Now I've got a pretty damn good group of friends and both hosts of today's shindigs know that I'm not drinking and they won't make a big deal out of it. In fact really I'm sure everyone I cross paths with at these parties today couldn't give a flying fuck if I drink or not. ..The reason I'm asking for help from you lovely people is to remind me to tell my own inner voice to STFU (seriously shut the fuck up Skid!) that it's not okay to drink today. That I made a promise to myself that I will not drink and I owe it to myself to keep up this momentum. I know that relapses happen and that's ok as long as we learn from it. But I'm not going to undo my hard work. I'm not going to let myself or my husband down. I'm not going to let you guys down...I will not drink with anyone today...
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today :).Keep checking in throughout the day skid - you got this
I will not drink with you today!! We are cheering for you! :-)
HURRAH BUD you can do it!
I'll not drink with you too! (I'll add that there isn't anything wrong with leaving early or not showing up if that inner voice gets too strong.).
I'm not drinking with you! What's your plan if a craving hits? It helps me to think it out ahead of time instead of trying to rely solely on willpower in the moment. Can you drive yourself home? Do you have a yummy NA drink? Comfort food? Someone you can call/text if it gets rough?
you got this! stay strong tonight.  
Congrats on one week and stay strong think about how great you felt this morning. 
You will do this! You just will. Please don't undo all your hard work to get SOBER! We got yer back! Stay in touch ok?
Own it. Own your non alc chardonnay. State loudly that its FABULOUS.  "Mmmmmm" when you drink it. Swirl it enjoy it enjoy  your clear head :) 
You got this skid! I've got the pom-poms out and am practicing my moves as we speak.
Thank you my bestest SD buddies! Mission accomplished and I'm feeling really pleased with myself and so supported by you kind people...I won't drink with you today! And I'm not going to bother with that non-alcoholic wine shit anymore either. Soda water all the way...Sweet dreams friends. And thank you. We got this xo
