-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hh86w/one_year_i_did_it_all_the_best_brave_warriors/

I'm three days past my one year mark. Forgot it! How's that for success? Here's what I can offer:..Your life does not have to be totally consumed by alcohol and destroyed before you quit drinking. I gradually increased my drinking over the years to the point that I was drinking more days per week than I wasn't. Never blacked out or forgot things but I was drunk enough to not follow movie plots and I was hungover every weekend morning. I was getting pretty fat. The alcohol kept on increasing over time. Enough. As the old wise saying goes rock bottom is when you stop digging...Don't sweat the relapses. This is the third time I quit for a year. How do I know this is the last time. Not cocky but I have not looked back this time. Previous times I was thinking about drinking planning it really. Not this time. I must be cautious but I am confident. ..Use AA as you need it. I went about ten times did not have a sponsor. Used the chips for awhile not later. What worked best for me was owning up to my alcohol problem with the group. That and reading this subreddit. Checking in here often helped reprogram my addictive thinking...It is easy to not drink with others when you are proud of quitting. Usually nothing needs to be said. Drink club soda with lime. Drink coffee or tea. If they ask just say I quit drinking. If they press say I drank too much. No need for a life story. Most people will respect you for it...The payoff is incredible. Sober weekends are sweet but that's just the beginning. Drunkenness cheats you of creativity and life. It burns off creativity and life. I feel now that I am drinking the signal of life every day every hour. I am healthy I am strong I am smarter and more aware than ever. I am younger than I was a year ago. Take life drink that what a drug...I am trying my best to help a friend quit drinking. I am in a stable spot to do that. It reinforces things for me...All the best brave warriors..
----------immediate responses--------

so inspiring. great post. 
This is so encouraging to read. I'm in the same spot you used to be in where I've been drinking almost every night and way too much. Tonight is my 7th night alcohol-free. ..I'm curious--how did you feel going to AA. Did you still identify as an alcoholic there even though you may not have considered yourself one? Did you work the steps? This is all very new to me and I'm curious. I've been to a couple of meetings now but I wasn't really feeling it...Thanks for sharing your success!
Congrats on 1 year! I'm glad you're doing so well...I am also trying to help a friend quit drinking and I totally agree with you that it reinforces things for me. It helps me to help others...Thank you for posting and all the best to you also brave warrior! :)
One day away from me! Nice job! The closest I have seen from another poster here. I really liked your post and relate. I went to a therapist as well and we often talked about being a warrior. I love using that word for it.
Thank you for posting !
Nice post.  Am hoping This is the sobriety stretch which takes me to a year and beyond.  Tomorrow will be an all time record going back to boot camp when I was 17.  I am turning 54 next week....I am also engaged in a really stressful work event right now.  Going very well and I think  I have quite a few one more days in me....
Good job on 368!
thanks for sharing ..congrats!!
Awesome post! Thanks and congratulations!
Thanks for the post... I'm a little over 4 months in and am using one year as my minimum commitment with the hope / intention of getting there and saying... Well another year won't hurt etc etc... ..I am really feeling the benefits but have had to argue internally about being able to have "just one or two" and do I _really_ want to never have a beer in the pub with a mate ever again... At least the "one year" for now gets me through those moments.....Last night was a great example Friday early evening stunning warm weather and every pub I walk past overflowing with people at tables having (enjoying I think I can admit) a drink. I really really wanted to just have one nice beer... But when I got home a couple of hours later I felt so so much better for not coming home drunk on a Friday like the last 20 years.....Anyways I'm rambling... I am at the stage of my journey where I'm interested in people that have given up for years at a stretch but gone back. That kind of thing... I'm struggling now more than ever with missing not the drink today or tomorrow but next year or the year after... I.e. the rest of my life.....I'm damn well enjoying not drinking and ain't gunna change. I'm looking forward to those thoughts taking less time to dissipate I suppose.....Anyways thanks for the ramble &amp; thanks for your post. Well done.  
Awesome.
&gt;The payoff is incredible. ..Hell yah!..Congrats on one year!
Awesome&gt;Congrats to you!
Thank you this is so great.
Good post. This is my first time quitting and I was in a similar spot. I may not quit for life but we'll see. What I want is to relearn to have fun and express myself without alcohol. Until I'm sure I've done that it's sobriety and one day at a time.
Thank you for this. I feel like I'm in the same boat as you were when you began. This speaks to me on a lot of the best levels. Very helpful.
Nice work. AA is what some people need. For others it's friends and/or family. What ever it is never be ashamed of being in need. I think we all could use a little help every now and again.
I'm not far behind you. Thank you for this post good enough to save - it speaks of my journey. Much the same. Well done on this and see you sober on the flip side of Christmas. 
Fantastic. Congratulations! ..(I'm stealing this line: "I'm younger than I was a year ago.")
This was the inspiration I needed today. Thank you.
[deleted]
That is awesome! 
Congratulations! Great to read.
Very inspiring and so so true. 
Great post! Thank you. I've been an AA member since 1/1/3013. Their concepts are partly responsible for helping me get and stay SOBER. When I experienced an unfortunate relapse in March of this year that lasted for 7 months finally ending in late September I was not abandoned in AA. In fact I abandoned myself entirely and they kept showing up to help me. I would be drunk and they would be there! One day I said to one of my male sponsors "Why are yall sticking with me still?" He simply said "it's called support." I find the meetings very compelling at any rate. Peoples live raw pain from a front row AA seat is compelling at the very least. Alcoholism is the only disease I've seen that can bring grown men to crying...
Congratulations and thanks for the inspiring post! 
Could not agree with you more. The payoff is a very powerful drug.  I feel alive again. Cheers!
Congrats 
Congrats on a year and some. Very inspirational and wise post. I'm glad you're at the point where you can help someone. That person is very fortunate to have you as are we ;)
Congrats on your year! Thank you for your perspective. I agree about relapses. I relapsed after about 45 days. I was devastated. One of the mods reset my badge for me without a fuss and encouraged me to move forward. Now I don't look back :) Sober on friend. 
This is really cool. I like the part about drinking the signal of life. Being healthy and strong. I've been unhealthy for so long I'd love to see what health feels like :)
Congrats!
This is great; congrats on a year! I go to AA; it took me awhile to find "my" group. I've read through these comments: I'm 54 and "could have" written your post if you know what I mean. Thanks for sharing this. I'm new to this subgroup and very impressed. Keep it going!
