-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hjnnv/badge_reset/

So I had a nice three months under my belt. Kept going a couple more weeks in the end I think I got to 104. I had originally committed to 90 had my fair share of struggles but made it through and liked it. I thought I'd reset my brain I thought I'd be able to develop a healthy attitude towards alcohol the kind that most other people seem to have...For a couple of weekends this seemed to work fine in the sense that I didn't lose control or black out or do anything incredibly stupid. Yesterday evening I was under a stressful situation I had had a couple of glasses and wasn't really thinking straight and I started to really drink. A lot. I blacked out. I am really really glad that I got home safely and didn't do anything incredibly stupid that couldn't be fixed. So here I am again hungover and feeling sorry for myself...I'm not doing this again. I don't have a normal attitude towards alcohol I have never had and it's quite likely that I never will. Even though I don't always lose control or black out when I'm drinking it's now apparent to me that it might happen any time I drink. As long as it's possible I'm not taking that risk. And yeah I guess that means the rest of my life but whatever. I was perfectly happy for those three months quite a bit happier than after I started drinking again. My life is a lot better without alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

So now you know the difference. If you learn that and stick to it your a better Man than me Gunga-din. I needed to be reminded a few times after 90 days. You have a good start and you know what you need to do its early I won't drink with you today.
I won't drink with you today. I've been resetting my badge every 2-6 days (wake up at 3am and do it because I had a glass of wine to start cooking dinner the night before--guess where that goes). I think I'm so intelligent but apparently I am not. I do have today to be brilliant though one minute at a time.
I can so relate to this. there no magic bullets. just gotta get back on the horse. I won't drink with you today. 
I think I'm going to do that tonight.  I've been struggling with 'am I never going to drink again' and it's overwhelming the idea makes me want to just say fuck it I'll go drink now.  Like someone on a diet I feel like I need a mental cheat night both to enjoys the sensations and to remind myself in the morning how much I hate drinking...It's like breaking up with someone after a while you forget the bad times.  I wonder if resfreshing that now and again isn't such a bad idea.  
Learning experience. I took 9 months in the lead up to my sobriety date once I got 'sick and tired of being sick and tired' and decided to try getting sober. Hang in there! People support helped me.
"I thought I'd reset my brain" &lt;- well ... you kind of did :) you came back after one crazy night! and the relapse sounds like it was only two weeks or so. this is progress right?..i know what you mean by "starting to really drink" it starts that moment when you don't want to control it any more...
Congrats on 104 days now you have 104 and 1. You're not starting over you're learning from your lapse and moving on. Great job!
My own lapses back into old habits (drinking drugs etc) are some of the periods where I learned the most about myself and how I learned to stay sober for longer periods of time. ..Where did I go wrong? One of the biggest things was a sense of complacency ("I got this figured out / beat" sort of attitude). It didn't matter that I have a record of 0 - 10000 versus drugs and alcohol...It wasn't until I realized I'll never be able to beat it or whatever. It's just easier if I don't drink today. 
It took me a long time to realize that I don't have a healthy relationship with alcohol. My friends can have 2+ drinks and not do anything incredibly stupid. For me after 1 or 2 my judgement goes out the window. I'll say stupid or harmful things. Every dumb thought I have now demands an audience. I'll make dangerous decisions. I never black out and my hangovers are barely hangovers but alcohol still makes me a different person I can't risk being. I shouldn't wait until it becomes a serious problem I can't easily repair. I've really enjoyed these past 12 days and I don't feel a need to go back...I'm not drinking with you today.
Every other time I tried to quit it was to prove to myself that I was in control of my drinking. It would always be a short term goal. A week was good. See I got this no need to worry. Besides quitting permanently sounded impossible  even terrifying. Then I was immediately back to full throttle balls to the wall drinking. Well it's time to cut the bullshit I'm an alcoholic I said it. It actually feels freeing to say it. This time it genuinely feels different. I'm happy to have made the decision. I'm actually going to tell people I quit. It's not because I need their support but because I am damn proud to be taking this huge step to improve my life. I know I am the only one who can stop me from drinking.
Its one day at a time make a call before you open a bottle next time you cant do it alone alcohol is baffling and powerful it will always try to drag you back  .. know when you think you are going to drink remember its not the 3rd 4th or 5th drink that's the problem  its the first 
I think after a longer bout of sobriety we start to think back on all the "good" times with alcohol. When that happens I like to turn the tables and focus on all the bad times! All the horrible hangovers regrets bad decisions injuries hurtful things I've said all under the influence of alcohol. It helps me to refocus on exactly why I stopped drinking in the first place. ..You got bucked off the bull I can almost guarantee its happened to most of us here. Bu you lasted a lot longer than 8 seconds my friend! Now you just have to dust yourself off grab those reins and jump back on that wild beast. You got this!! 
One of my relapses consisted of one beer over the course of about 3 hours on a Tinder date. I didn't enjoy it it didn't taste good the anxiety was too much before during and after and I realized I have no interest in dating someone who drinks. Even casually. It's just so lame and boring and stupid. I vastly prefer my bedtime tea podcasts strong AM coffee and a clear head for all the other interests I've developed. A reset isn't a bad thing. It means you're learning and being honest. I will not drink with you! :)
For some of us it is easier to manage sobriety than it is for us to manage moderation.  I beginning to believe that I am one of those too.  
Thank you for sharing this. My biggest fear right now is that I'm going to get a bunch of days sober under my belt and conclude that maybe I didn't have as much of a problem that I thought I had. 
I've been there a few times myself. Last time it took a couple of months "moderating" till I woke up. Glad to have you back. And I tend to think that even though the badge resets no one will take that sober time away from you. I won't drink with you today.
&gt;&gt;&gt;I don't have a normal attitude towards alcohol I have never had and it's quite likely that I never will...Me either.  It's time to say goodbye to alcohol once and for all.
