-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hlpov/still_sober_day_on_day_5/

I was having a hard night.  My first time being alone like ever and I was bored sad and frustrated with myself.  And I thought about it.  Alcohol has been my escape all of my adult life-  numbing my feelings making myself feel less.  Where I am in my life right now I cannot afford to be numb as painful as it is at times.  I made it through last night slept well and coping just fine.  I'm annoyed that I am in coping mode rather than productive mode but I'll get there.  So to everyone lonely and struggling  I will not drink with you today!   We can do this!
----------immediate responses--------

Good work! I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations!!!..I will not drink with you today!! We got this!!
Yes you can do this! I will not drink with you today!
Totally get where you're coming from.  I'm looking forward to a more productive way of life but for now - just surviving a day sober is HUGE!
Great job on day five! Be kind to yourself there's no need to put too much pressure on yourself (says the impatient perfectionist). You're in the coping phase embrace it and use it to your advantage. Productivity is right around the corner. You've got this!..I won't drink with you today.
Totally relating
Awesome congrats! Today is my big test day too. I'm going to the bar with my friends... first time since I stopped.
You're doing great!!! Survival mode is what those first few days are all about - you might feel uncomfortable; you might be in pain but you've got the ability to feel which means the ability to feel happiness and joy and the entire wide spectrum that makes every day worth living. Congratulations and r/stopdrinking is right here with you....I will not drink with you today.
The lonliness is tough. Let's not drink together tonight :)
Give yourself some time. This is hard where you are right now. It will ease up for you. It will. Take some deep breaths. I don't think I ever took good deep breaths when I was drinking. Now it makes me feel so good like everything really will be ok. Take care you.
The first five days were by far and away the hardest for me. You are doing great-- it only gets better! 
