-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hpyof/28_days_and_im_here/

28 days ago I was waking up in a Northern Virginia hospital high as a  kite talking to myself on whatever medications the hospital gave me. Well while my story is different it is all much of the same. I wasn't waking up with hangovers every Saturday. I was... I am a functioning alcoholic. ..I wasn't going out embarrassing myself I wasn't showing up to work late or making excuses because of my drinking. What I was doing was replacing my boredom with drinking. As an introvert I am sort of a loner. While I am a workaholic my life pretty much revolves around work. So I go home and that's it I'd either go to the gym which I found myself slipping out of after a breakup and a half a liter of whiskey a night. I would sit at home and drink my whiskey watch YouTube videos and cook. Which I would always cook late which would result me into making a huge mess and not cleaning it up and cooking a whole bunch of crap and not eating any of it. It was very depressing. ..Well when I was at the hospital the doctor told me I had a liver of a 50 year old and my liver was on fire. Woohoo I'm ahead of the game but wait I'm only 26. Well the doctor told me that my liver wasn't going to become a liver of little Johnny who just popped out of the womb just down the hall it could improve if  I stopped drinking. Well this is when I decided that I need to quit drinking for the health of it. It was funny I was also telling the doctor how a reason I was drinking lately because I had the sudden realization that one day I am going go to die. [If this was a movie this song would start playing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GuOceSJWas) Well the doctor tells me well you are doing that but at the same time you're killing yourself which a light bulb lit up. Also while I was at the hospital I met someone who was 43 and was previously in a coma from liver scoliosis before rehab from excessive drinking and showed me a picture of her while in a coma. She told me that the doctors thought she would only live 5 years. As someone who doesn't smoke because my grandma died at 50 because of lung cancer. That sure lit a fire under my ass. ..Well here I am this hasn't been an easy one. While I have gotten past the high of being clean I do have some struggles. As someone who lives in an area where I don't know many people to hang out with and someone who drank because I was bored. I still get bored and it is hard to leave my apartment because I am not going out when it's 30 degrees out. The most important part though is I'm staying sober. I may try church out tonight to meet people. While I never been to church on a Sunday in my teen or adult life. Who knows it may help...Well I'm here. 
----------immediate responses--------

https://www.meetup.com/..Clubs/groups in your area.  Maybe you can find something new or something that excites you.  Good way to meet folks...Anyway I'm glad you're nearing a month sober.  I'm glad you're here and I hope you make some friends and find ways to entertain yourself without drinking.
Congrats on sobriety and 28 days!
Hey I'm also in Nova. Ive been thinking about joining some adult rec leagues for a way to meet people and do something outside of work. Interested?
