-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hrqft/my_inner_voice_keeps_planning_a_relapse_part_2/

Thanks to you who responded to the original post yesterday. I wanted to thank each of you individually but I don't have the energy. But trust me when I say it helped tremendously. I'm just going through the motions the last 24 hours. Just not drinking. Trying to push all the negative thoughts out. Trying to find positive moments. Remembering how one drink turns into 20. Reading the positive posts about my future without alcohol. Trying to be productive. Drove past the liquor store and imagined what it would be like to down 5 shots on my way home and not give a shit. Imagined all the nothing I would get done when I got home. Imagined when those shots wore off and I'd want to go back for more until my mind was blank. ..But I didn't. And I won't. Not today. .I think it's time to start counseling and really dig deep.  In the meantime I'm here. Sober another day. One foot in front of the other.    
----------immediate responses--------

Great success!
I had a relapse planned for Thanksgiving.  I was going to be off work for 4 days and I could just hole up in the house with plenty of booze and nobody would ever have known. ..But when the time off actually came I was enjoying the steps and going to  meetings and it wasn't until I was on my way to the Sunday 8pm meeting the night before going back to work that I realized *I had forgotten to relapse*!..That was funny. The steps help.  Meetings help. This sub helps!
Congrats!
lol I've been planning my relapse since day one.  Love hearing about those relapses in meetings so I know people don't start hating you when you fuck up.  ..My goal is just to not relapse today.  With any luck I'll still be planning it 40 years from now.  ..And if I make it that long I'll be old enough that it really won't matter if I drink away the last few days / weeks / months I've got left.  ..Also after that much time I'm assuming I'll be over the desire to relapse.  
I feel you... 24 days that's about when I would start planning. After 30 days I would feel great so I would say "**** it I got this" and bam back to the same habit within a week. I would soon even set my own 'functional alcoholic rules.' Then soon I would break those rules too and it was a downward spiral. I try to listen to a song a day that inspires me to keep sober even though I don't consciously want to drink. It's so easy to forget the times when I was sick that I forget the pain and repeat the same mistakes. One day at a time. I will be sober with you today.
[deleted]
Hey Momma - I'm so happy you didn't listen to that inner voice. I can tell you from experience it isn't worth it! You did good and I'm not drinking with you tonight.  
Glad to hear you stuck it out! Good job. They say "One day at a time" but sometimes it's more like one minute at a time. One foot in front of the other - just keep on keeping on. I will not drink with you tonight!
Well done.  I have done exactly the same thing.  Pulled in at the convenience store parked waited then left.  It gets better.  I promise.
[deleted]
Grats. I will not drink with you tonight 
I always think I can handle drinking. I'm constantly trying to be deceived by the voice in my head. 
