-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ht4hx/feeling_down_today/

Feeling pretty crappy today and need to get this out. Friday night I got into a really big fight with one of my closest friends and it might be the end of our 20+ year friendship. ..The night started off good he picked me up in his SUV to go get some food and then we were going to pick up a snowblower as an early christmas present for my stepdad. After dinner on the way to get the snowblower he says he needs to stop by his apartment to "get something" really quick and I say fine as it's on the way. ..Well we get there and he dashes off to the bedroom and I play with the dog in the living room. A few minutes go by and I walk into the bedroom to see him snorting adderal off his desk and he exclaims 'well at least it isn't coke!' and I start getting mad and ask if we can just get going. ..At that point his neighbor's crazy heroin addict girlfriend comes barging in demanding a ride across town to attend some "party" but not giving any specifics on who or where(ended up she wanted to go sell her suboxones and go party). Shortly followed in by her boyfriend(friend of ours) and they all get into it. I pull the boyfriend aside and go talk to him in their apartment for 30 minutes to cool things down. ..When I return to my friend's apartment hes fucking drunk. Slurring his words drinking beer and taking a shot. Arguing with this girl that he's now too drunk to drive so he can't even take her. WTF?!? (Turns out his "cigarette breaks" at dinner had been him sneaking mini bottles of fireball stowed in his pockets and he had been drinking and driving with me in the car!) At this point he's trying to order an uber for HER and now I'm stuck at this apartment with no ride and I start to flip out on him. ..How shitty of a friend he was to not only stop here to just do drugs but in the span of 30 minutes decide to fucking start drinking nonstop and completely disrespect me and our plans that we had made. Tell him how I have no respect for his excuses that he was just stressed out and that was his response. The three of them get into it again and I walk out and get my own ride home...Standing in the driveway waiting for my uber out comes my friend drunk and shirtless(its snowing out) and he's trying to apologize and I just lay into him more about how angry I am that he would do that to me and that I wasn't sticking around to see this bullshit unfold and that he completely disrespected me and our friendship with his actions and that I wasn't going to argue with his drunk ass. I'm done. He goes inside and I'm left to myself outside in the snow. ..As I'm getting into the uber I'm relaying to the driver how happy I am that I'm getting the hell out of there and out comes the girlfriend making a straight line for the rear door to get in. I tell the driver 'hellll noo shes not getting in here' and he locks the doors and peels out of the driveway with her about to grab the handle. ..I get home and my friend calls about an hour later completely incoherent and I tell him once more that I'm done and don't want to hear his drunk bullshit. He promises to call me Saturday afternoon and that we'll talk it out. Never calls not that I'd have picked up the phone. .___.The more I've been thinking about it the more I'm ready to move on and not put any more effort into this friendship. That hurts to think about. A lot.  But I can't stop thinking that I need to cut ties now for my own well being. It doubly hurts because he was part of the inspiration for me knowing it was possible to get sober; when I had started my own journey he had been sober for months. It was just about a year ago [I found out he had relapsed after 11 months sober and hid it from me.](https://redd.it/2th37s)  ..I've watched first-hand as he's gone from sobriety to hiding drinking to drinking in "moderation" to now full blown addiction again. I can't watch it any longer. And we've had lots of talks in the past year about how he even knows what's happening and he knows about how to reach out and get help. He decided to choose booze and drugs again. That hurts. ..I don't know what else to do but move on. But it's a super shitty feeling knowing I might be losing a friend and I'm sad today.  
----------immediate responses--------

i'm very sorry to hear this happened and that you are hurting but i am glad that you stood up for yourself. your friend WAS absolutely disrespecting you - your time your plans your person your sobriety and it isn't pleasant or fair to have to suffer through relationships like that. it sounds a lot like the relationship many of us had with alcohol and have come to realize is toxic and have since cut out. it is sad but knowing that you respect yourself enough to walk away can only mean you've made room for a new friend who will respect you. setting boundaries like that is important as people and as addicts. much respect to you as always :)
Sounds like you've got the right perspective on this and know what to do...it just sucks. I'm really sorry he treated you that way - sounds like he's really been sucked into addiction again. I hope he's able to get help soon and repair your friendship but until then he seems too toxic to be around.  Sobriety let's us honestly feel our emotions but honestly sometimes that just sucks. ((hugs))
Sorry you lost a friend. I just lost a friend of 25 years and it's painful. Hang in there -- you did the right thing.
Hey Straty tough situation.  Sorry to hear about the story...Lot's of emotions and issues - fear resentments unfulfilled expectations long-term relationships history and more.  Wow!  ..Glad you could 'get it out of your head'.  That always helps me.  ..I know when I have an emotional upset it helps me to write it out and identify all the "issues" of the situation that I can identify.  Then I whenever possible get clear about "what do i want?"  ..I always work assiduously to uncover detect identify any *Resentments* however minor they seem.  I want to list my resentments.  What's my part even if it's just "I was there".  ..Then if I can get a face-to-face with any parties especially my 'best friend' i take my notes with me.  I try and plan based on what I know about them the best time to catch them with the lower probability that they've had an opportunity to drink/use.  ..Then I "say what I want".  Could be:  reconciliation; apologies; amends; new boundaries; even..... end the relationship based on current conditions.  My goal is to be clear conscious purposeful and certain of what success for me looks like...Hoping the best for you!!   Look forward to hearing about your journey!
Man I am sorry to hear this story it hurts because it is a story I have been on both sides of. I hope your friend gets things under control but don't hold your breath waiting. I have had to set hard boundaries for a few friends which essentially cut them out of my life. It is no longer because I worry about being influenced by them but because I refuse to enable them any longer. 
