-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5huxvd/40ish_days_in_sober_through_selfimprovement/

Hi r/stopdrinking - I've been trying to make sobriety stick for the past 5 months or so. Previously I would go a week or two without drinking but a weekend with nothing to do would get the best of me...I'm 40-something days in now and feeling extremely confident I have the know-how the discipline the confidence and the tools to make it stick this time around. I know it will still be a struggle but I'm confident I can keep this streak going...I've been reading about habits habit loops goal setting nutrition and fitness. I've adopted an extremely strict diet and exercise regimen that I've been sticking to. If I can't resist a donut how do I expect myself to resist a drink when a craving shows it's face? I've also begun studying for my Master's Degree and focusing more on my job at work. This allows me to practice self-discipline continuously and has replaced the habit of binge drinking with the habit of self-improvement...This post is basically just to give myself a pat on the back as well as to share my experience. I may have replaced one addiction with another but it's not a bad addiction to have.
----------immediate responses--------

Here have another pat on the back you deserve it! Awesome job! At only 31 days I hope I will never surpass you. One day we will both stand at the same finish line and feel immensely accomplished. Looking at a life lived in its full potential... I will not drink with you today.
Here's a pat on the back from me! Love the username :)
Great job focusing your energy on such productive things!  I am on a very similar track I'm a few days behind you and also realized I needed to redirect my preoccupation with alcohol to something else otherwise the alcohol would remain top of mind and more difficult to resist.  I have also been spending a lot of time investing in a strict fitness and diet regimen - it has really paid off in boosting my energy and mood but it took a little while to start feeling the benefits.  Keep up the good work hopefully we'll have our 2-stars before we know it!  :)  
