-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hw06l/planned_a_relapse_last_night/

I am posting for accountability and so I can come  back and read this if I need to. ..Next year is mine and my SOs 40th birthdays so I have planned a night away in a spa and boutique hotel it will be our first night away from our 3 children in many years and will be a very special expensive break...The champagne on arrival got my brain ticking into overdrive. It's such a special occasion why not have a bottle of champagne? It's not like it is at home or just a normal meal out its a really big celebration. I could just drink that one night and it is so out of our normal routine I won't slip back into old habits. (And the best one) I deserve a bottle of champagne as I will have been sober for over a year by then!! I had it all worked out...I am so lucky to have a SO that understands and talked me into realising that it really is not worth it I wouldn't stop at 1 bottle I would have a hangover the next day and it would "wake the beast" (his term) and get all those neurons that crave alcohol started up again. He asked me if all of that is worth a few glasses of champagne. It isn't!..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this - an important note with the holidays ahead!
"Wake the beast" is such a great phrase. That's exactly what I feel would happen if I had even one sip.
Best let sleeping dogs lie as they say.....I know that in my situation that bottle of champagne would be a wolf in sheep's clothing!..Thank you for posting it's a nice reminder that our lizard brains can be cunning if we let them.
Champagne is my weakness...instead of champagne get a bottle of Kristian Regale Sparkling Pear it tastes wonderful and has the bubbles that are so fun.it got me through my pregnancies and nursing now it will get me through Christmas and New Years.  ..I will not drink with you today- FTZ 
I like sparkling apple cider with some cranberry or pomegranate juice added.   Looks festive tastes great zero alcohol!
I quit the first time when I was 21 and made it a year and a half before I encountered the complimentary bottle of wine at the hotel the first night of our honeymoon. Spoiler alert: I didn't stop when that bottle was empty .... I vividly remember waking up the next day to my first hangover in almost 2 years full of regret and shame. I kept my eyes closed and prayed it had just been another drinking dream. It wasn't and it took almost 4 years of lost productivity an extra 40 pounds horrible fights with my husband and complete hopelessness for me to come back to my senses and quit for good. I don't completely regret it because I learned from it but what good is that if I don't share it with you? Don't fall for the complimentary bottle like I did!
He played the tape forward for you! Not a lot of SO would do the same not because they are bad but because they don't understand our problem with drinking "just one glass"...He was right a single glass would send you (and me) in a twirl of shitty hell (that's all the inconveniences of hell plus there is shit everywhere).
Love this post. ..My spouse and I both really really enjoy(ed) drinking stupidly good fine wine champagne etc together and nary a special event (or Tuesday) went by without sharing really nice wine. She's a very rational and understanding person but I'm also starting to think ahead about any landmark events that would be a cause for celebration for which in the past we'd have brought out the 'big guns' (aka rare expensive fancy wine) and how I'll handle that. ..I've also been using the term 'beast' a lot so I related there too. I thank you for putting those two concepts together it really helps me to reaffirm that while I might be able to enjoy and control those 12 or so ounces of really nice wine on a very special occasion with my wife it would no doubt stoke that fire that would send the guy who clandestinely goes into the bar to do shots during nice dinners back into the game. ..Again I appreciate the perspective you've written here and applause for a recognizing the need to stand strong in the face of false reward. 
I've gone through that rationalization nearly every time I've had a drink since realizing I had a problem earlier this year. Thing is it starts with "I deserve champagne on vacation" and quickly becomes "I deserve six beers right when I get off work I worked hard." There's always a way to rationalize that you deserve it that you've earned it. It sounds like you have good self awareness and a good supportive partner and that you recognize the slippery slope that a "special occasion" drink can become.
My husband and I stay at little boutique-places that offer a lot of nice complimentary booze a lot. I usually call ahead and ask them to omit the alcohol they usually replace it with something like sparkling cider. If your spouse wants to drink they could have wine with dinner or something else that isn't just openly there for you to stare at all night. (I think that's the worst!) Anyway just a thought.
Shit I used to drink champagne (or at least sparkling wine) on a regular weeknight.  I've come to realize there's nothing particularly special about it.  It's totally arbitrary...Have you considered asking them to replace it with some other special beverage that feels celebratory?  Even researching the finest sparkling cider craft soda etc or even high end chocolates or pastries or something savory?  Then order it.  That way you won't have to worry about "missing out!"
I do the same sort of planning all the time.  I want to wake the beast so bad.
Last night I was looking through some notes I took during treatment and one thing in particular caught my eye. "When you relapse after being sober no matter how long your sobriety was your brain automatically goes back to where it was when you were drinking."  It sounds like your SO knew this. This helps me realize that I will never be able to become a social drinker or a responsible drinker. I will always be an alcoholic. 
[deleted]
Addiction sleeps but it doesn't die.  ..I've caught myself contemplating if not actually "planning" a relapse a few times lately.  The thoughts dissipated when I thought the drink through to the end as you did.  When I was hooked and drinking daily I HATED my alcohol.  Fucking hated my enslaver.  But still couldn't stop.  Not a party. Not a treat.  Not a reward.  Slavery...Another thing to remember is that withdrawal gets worse even *much* worse each time you go back and forth.  Like the yo-yo effect from dieting the "kindling" effect of addiction ensures that it will get harder and harder to quit...I proved this true myself.  When I first arrived at SD in early 2012 I quit after about seven years of steady daily heavy drinking about a pint to a fifth of liquor per night.  I experienced frightening withdrawals complete with hallucinations heart palpitations fainting etc...I stayed completely sober for about eight months.  Then I began to "experiment" during late 2012 and 2013.  I had several binges of two to three days which did not lead to withdrawals.  I thought I was  safe.  But of course addiction is never safe.  ..By mid 2013 I had broken my new cardinal rule "don't bring liquor home."  (I am a home drinker not a bar drinker by nature.)  I found myself back in the daily addictive liquor tailspin - the binges got longer and began to spread into each other.  In late Nov. 2013 I went on a binge that lasted a solid month.  Then I returned to SD and have been sober since...Now since my last binge of daily drinking only lasted a month (as opposed to seven years that I withdrew from in 2012) you would think that my withdrawals would be far less severe than the first time.  FUCK NO.  THEY WERE WORSE.  ..This terrifies me still.  And I'm glad it does.  There may be no "next time" for me.  I don't believe I could make it through another quit.  It's a powerful incentive for me to continue taking my addiction as seriously as I did three years ago.
&gt;"wake the beast" (his term) and get all those neurons that crave alcohol started up again. ..Thanks for this. Have been struggling lately and this is a reminder that I need to not give in. Every time I do I'm regressing in terms of healing my mind.
[deleted]
Drinking alcohol is not celebratory to me in anyway.  Thankfully I have changed my mindset so I no longer think of it in that way or desire it in anyway.  Otherwise I'd still be struggling or drinking.
I always try to remember romance doesn't come in a glass. Simply laying on a blanket in the park finding shapes in the clouds is romantic if you're with someone you love. ..I too took my wife off for a romantic weekend for our 25th a few  years ago. It was one of the best times we have had and it didn't include one drop of alcohol. The bottle was waiting in the room when we got there but we took it home and gave it to my sister in law although the chocolates didn't last more than 5 minutes.    
How awesome that your SO supports you so lovingly! I hope you have a wonderful trip you totally deserve it!!! ..Remember I'm following your lead ;). xo
Fast forward to a year from now....Someone asks "So how was your 40 B'day get away?"  .Your reply "Well I really cannot recall too much of it as I relapsed and blacked out.".Not a memory that you really want is it? 
Fuck me to bro after 2 weeks about - I have to go get 3 shots of tequila and dos xxs . Man at least I wasn't hung over or had a huge bar tab. Now back to day zero :(
I have a terrible memory and I'm quick to forgive anyone and everyone.  That includes booze...I planned a relapse cheat night the other night.  Relearned how shitty it makes you feel how unfun it really is the anxiety and embarrassment... kind of restored my commitment not to drink...It is playing with fire.  If not careful it could launch any of us into drinking again.  But a cheat night here and there can also help some people.  But not on a special romantic occasion that would ruin the moment for sure.
Great job talking about it with him.  It's wonderful that he can help support you.  
Thanx for sharing that. It and everyones responses really opened my eyes to the future if I try to play with the same idea. Happy Birthday.
I think it's great you used the term "planned" with regards to the relapse. It shows accountability and that you recognize the reality of personal choice with regards to initiating a relapse. I personally believe that taking that first drink is always a choice. After that my addiction could (would) take over and lead me down that horrible path. Keep on thinking and making good choices!
I like to think I keep my "Rock and Roll Clown" locked in a box. In reality my addiction is more like a venomous snake I'm perpetually trapped in a small room with. 
&gt;It's such a special occasion why not have a bottle of champagne? ..It's going to be just as special if not MORE special without it...Good job!
