-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hy1hv/challenging_weekend/

The last few weeks I have struggled with wanting a drink. Work has been stressful my puppy (8 months) is destroying my house and terrorizing my cats and I've been so busy that having a drink seems like a quick easy fix to relax. But I haven't had a drink in over 40 days!..This weekend was particularly challenging for me. Friday at work I learned some information about a friend of mine that sent me heading for a downward spiral. I was bawling in my car on my way home from work craving a drink. Just one. Thinking I'll just stop by the bar across the street real quick. But I didn't. Instead I went home put on pajamas made a pizza for dinner and read Dark Places by Gillian Flynn. ..Saturday I worked all day again and was planning on having another quiet night in with my book because I was craving a drink. I was already in my pajamas when a friend texted me saying I should come out downtown that night. I was hesitant but I did want to be social so I said yes. I changed quickly and met him and a few other friends downtown. I stayed out until the bars closed and had the time of my life. Without alcohol! I danced laughed drank water people watched created inside jokes with friends and learned a lot about myself. ..Saturday night was the first night since I quit drinking that I have 'gone out' like that. I was worried I would end up leaving early around 11pm due to lack of fun or being uncomfortable around everyone drinking. It was the complete opposite. My friends even the new ones I made that night were extremely supportive and did not push me to drink. I learned I can have fun and laugh and dance and be outrageous without alcohol. The high I felt from learning that cannot be replaced by anything else. That high is what will keep me not drinking. ..Waking up Sunday without a hangover was fantastic. I decided to sleep in not because I felt like shit but because my dog was snuggled next to me and my bed was comfy! Sunday evening I took my dog to meet two friends at a dog park/bar (it's awesome) where I ran into two other friends. One of these friends is a newer friend and she offered me a sip of her blood orange cider (sounds delish right??). When I politely declined she said "it's just one sip just take one sip that's fine." I continued to refuse and she eventually let it go. That one sip was so tempting and I almost caved and took it. Just one it can't hurt right? Wrong. One sip is never one sip for me. That is the thing that is most difficult to explain to people. If I have one I'm going to have more. There is no stopping until I have passed out somewhere with no recollection of what happened. I ended up leaving shortly after that partly because of her insistence and partly because I had a headache. ..Anyway I want to thank all of y'all for being here. Each and every person on here has helped me by just being there. I joined before I quit drinking but would just read through the posts. You gave me the courage to quit. Thank you for that. I will not drink today and I am so happy about that!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job this weekend!!! Also hang in there with the new puppy! 8-18 months is SOOO challenging! In fact most dogs are given away or turned over to a shelter during this time. They really keep you on your toes and it really helps to be alert &amp; not hungover! 
Yes they are lucky they are so cute! What kind of dog do you have? We have an 18 month old little guy &amp; boy oh boy he was quite a handful the first year!!!  
That's awesome! I'd never heard of that breed so I just looked it up &amp; oh my gosh what a beautiful dog!!! Mine is a 15 pound Havanese/Poodle mix!  
