-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hya1e/today_makes_a_week_sober_my_longest_streak_in/

It's been a bit of weird experience because my alcoholism is for the most part a secret from my friends and family. I don't drink during the day or to get through social functions just to fall asleep almost every night I get drunk to sleep I've made it a few days without here or there but never more than 2 or 3. No one knows because I don't talk about it and I live alone but lately it's been having an increased effect on my anxiety..I've been in a new relationship for a few months now and my anxiety became such a strain I final said enough. This time it hasn't been a struggle I haven't wanted a drink since my SO told me she didn't like or understand the way I've been acting I know it's only been a week but even going 2 days used to be a struggle...I'm just sharing this here because like I said no one in my life really knows about my problem you all seem very supportive. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's what I like to see! Keep up the good work my friend! 
Thanks for posting this. How much were you drinking? Did you have any withdrawal symptoms?
Lately it's been about half a liter of hard alcohol a night. I didn't have any physical symptoms that I noticed I've been having really bad like "waves" of anxiety and irritability they peaked in severity about 3 days in and have lessened a little bit since. 
I'm right there with you in the sense that no one really knows about my problem except maybe my husband but he usually makes light of my drinking so I haven't really come out and said anything about quitting to him. Im doing this for me really. To just be a better me all around and consequently a better wife mom employee etc...I'm new here on SD but so far I think it's the one thing that has helped me in those moments where my brain gets in the "lets just have a drink it's no big deal" loop and then next thing you know...wasted again feeling angry/anxious bumbling through another day at work hung over...all of the ick. I'm done with that...Great job making it through a week! I will not drink with you today! 
Good job!!! I am proud of you! It will get easier and you can stick to it...I was 12 days in on my longest sober streak since 2010 and absolutely loving life. I felt very productive was taking care of a lot of messes with my job and had no traces of the anxiety &amp; depression that sometimes cripple me...Then I drank on Saturday night because... ugly Christmas sweater party. I convinced myself I could handle it in moderation but had 5 or 6 drinks. I also smoked a half pack of cigarettes which I'd quit. ..On Sunday I made myself do a brutal hike to "burn off the hangover" but I still felt crappy and I got depressed yesterday. I slept terribly the last 2 nights and am having trouble focusing. ..I truly wish I didn't drink on Saturday. I am disappointed in myself. I don't want to drink anymore. 
We are very crafty when it comes to drinking. We enjoy hiding and keeping our addiction from plain site when we can so no one bugs us about it. Never forgot you are doing this for yourself because you want to become better. One day at a time is all we need and today I will not drink with you. 
I can relate to this.  I would drink myself to sleep every night. During the day I would drink just enough to keep myself from having the shakes.  No one really knows about the extent of my problem either so I haven't told anyone I've stopped.
Congrats! Tomorrow will be one week for me. ..*High five!*
Keep it up !
A week is awesome!!!'
