-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5hz6r3/i_just_had_a_personal_revelation_about_the_amount/

Preface: this might seem kind of a silly thing to have not thought of...My preference was always beer usually some 5.5% stuff and my pattern was typically to have around 15 or so. Several times a week. By myself. My thought had always been that that was definitely a lot but it wasn't what I thought of as and I don't know how to phrase this without being clumsy a 'hardcore alcoholic' (I hope I'm not offending anybody with this!) - my vision of that person was always somebody who would finish a 750ml bottle in one sitting. That was what it was to me even long after I knew I had a problem. I hadn't reached that point so things weren't THAT bad. Some standard "could always be worse" thinking...It only occurred to me today after a recent relapse that (based on my math) a 750ml bottle has somewhere around 17 shots in it. If I was drinking 15 or more beer... I don't think I was really all that far removed from that vision after all. Just another form of denial I suppose...For whatever reason this really shocked me. It genuinely never occurred to me that I was on a similar level. Maybe it should have and likely it doesn't matter if I knew I had a problem anyway but it sure as shit shocked me when I realized that. One more reason for me to never go back to that place.
----------immediate responses--------

It truly frightens me to think of how much I drink when I am on a bender. I didn't realize there was that much in a fifth until about a year ago and it scared me cause I can kill a fifth in like 3 hours. How I haven't killed myself (or someone else) because of my drinking I'm not sure. It makes me really thank what ever god might be out there that I'm still alive. ...I too never want to go back to that place. Here's to staying sober today my friend. 
Yep. As we measure it here in the US a standard drink is 0.6 ounces or 14 grams of pure ethanol. In a 750 ml bottle of 40% booze that comes to10.144 ounces of pure ethanol or 16.9 standard drinks. Assuming you are drinking 12 ounce beers 15 beers at 5.5% each comes 9.9 ounces of pure ethanol or 16.5 standard drinks. 
Difference is with beer you're taking in a lot of water on top of the alcohol. So unless you're drinking a full glass of water after EVERY shot there's a difference.
I can relate.  I always justified continuing to drink with thoughts like: I can go for days without drinking. I can have just one or two sometimes. Things only seem to go really wrong when I drink hard alcohol so I'll just avoid that (except when I was already drunk and it seemed like a great idea) I'm just more hardy than other people so I can totally handle a bottle or two of wine or twelve pack of beer  even though I'm 5'-3" and 145 pounds...I don't know how I didn't see it.  The past is coming into focus now that I've been sober for a bit.  I also do not want to go back there ever again.
I see a lot of people posting that they drink a bottle of wine a night (which was also my MO) but I've learned that a bottle of wine but is actually 10 units of alcohol.  Which is obviously like 3-4x the maximum amount a woman should drink in a day nevermind every day like many of us do. 
