-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i0557/day_4_now_the_battle_begins/

So today will be the 4th day sober if I can keep it up. The liquor store closes at 11:00PM EST. Its currently 6:38 PM EST. If I can make it to 11 o' clock I'll have been sober for 4 days straight...I'm struggling now. I'm craving. I'm having a hard time staying 'occupied' and an even harder time not thinking about it. I've been surfing reddit and YouTube but the cravings persist...This hasn't happened in the past 3 days this all started not even 30 minutes ago. Now the battle begins...EDIT: 8:20 PM so far so good. I'm hanging in there..EDIT: SOBER FOR 4 DAYS!
----------immediate responses--------

Hey stranger I believe in you. You can beat this craving.
[removed]
You can do this x.Keep fighting
The first 4 days were the hardest for me and I've experienced it twice.. .* The first time was when I first decided to not drink except special occasions (about 1 month ago).  The first 4 days were hell and it was only really around day 7 I felt in control..* The second time was after my first "special occasion."  The 4 days after were a struggle but it started to ease after...Your body may react differently than mine but there is a point where it gets easier...I drink a lot of good tea so maybe try that.  I'd probably avoid caffeine because it'll make you a little more wired.
It's 8:58PM EST and you're doing great! Enjoy that mac n cheese! I used to go to sleep early on days like that so hopefully you'll get a good nights sleep and wake up feeling good! :)
My cravings last about 15-30 min over the course of 3-7pm or so (drink o'clock in my previous reality).  The good news is that they're starting to get less frequent and less severe.  Hope they diminish for you as well.  Good luck tonight - you got this!
Just know that it is worth it.  You must trust the process and give it a try.  Drinking didn't work.  You have to allow not drinking its fair chance.  It takes time.  It isn't easy.  This too shall pass!
