-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i0jo7/higher_power/

I'll have a year sober on January 14th and I've been struggling with the higher power concept. I tried to be open minded but I just don't believe in the God concept. I read about making reality a higher power but I'm not sure if the idea. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm an atheist and still found AA helpful. I stopped overthinking things and let others believe what they wished. 
I believe in my best most authentic self. I was told you couldn't be your own higher power but I don't think AA has all the answers by a long shot. Don't sweat it...congratulations on nearly a year!
I've heard many people say they used the group or the steps themselves as a higher power. In my very rudimentary understanding Buddhists seem to have no deity per se and the Buddha said repeatedly that he was just a regular guy who achieved enlightenment. But they have faith in what the Buddha taught and try to follow that to the best of their abilities. I can really relate to that. 
Me personally I believe in a mix of my Higher Self (my potential who I want to be and who I can become if I try my best but it's not me if that makes sense lol) an energy that flows through everything and the universe and connectedness I guess. It's not the 'typical' God concept but it makes sense to me and I just let others believe whatever they want. If it helps them get better and doesn't hinder others I say it's a good thing.
I've been going to AA and sober for 8 months.  I am a small "a" atheist and work an atheist version of the steps.  I don't have a problem with the concept of higher powers as there are lots of them:  physical laws bosses etc and I tried a few different higher powers:  the universe truth a street sign but in the end what I couldn't do was ask anything of them as I didn't believe that they were sentient.  To put it another way while gravity is a higher power I can't turn my life or my will over to it.  Part of my steps is listening to myself and trusting myself.  I've also been very resistant to the idea of letting the AA group be my higher power as I find that very cultish and creepy.  I decided to stop struggling with finding a higher power and just work a program that doesn't have one (I was never going to believe in a sentient higher power anyway). ..What I struggle with now is that I feel like I'm putting a lot of time and effort into AA and getting nothing in return.  That and the fact that AA is a Protestant religion that seems to have very little to do with not drinking.  .
