-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i8prm/gifts_of_sobriety/

Hey guys.....This happened today a few hours ago and I needed to share. ..A little back story: over the summer I was dating someone who was very active in his addiction. He is an IV drug user (I was not) and it was a very toxic situation for me especially being a recovering alcoholic. I was stupid I know but like a good alcoholic I have to learn my lessons the hard way. Anyway there was a lot of pain and suffering and even though I wasn't using I became sick with his disease. I ended up putting him on my cell phone plan (with the purchase of the new phone on the plan) on the condition he would pay half the bill with me. Yeah yeah I know I know I'm an idiot. I'll own it. Anyway. ..About two weeks into the new phone plan I found him cheating on me. It was good because I really needed to get out this relationship but now I was stuck paying for this stupid phone. ..I post the phone on Craigslist and low and behold I get a buyer. We agreed to meet this evening to do the exchange. I admitted that I was a recovering alcoholic and I had an AA meeting to attend and if we could meet before hand that would be great. ..His response? "Wow that's amazing because I think I need to start going to meetings myself. I'm blacking out constantly I know I need help and I'm scared".....WHAT??!? How is this possible?? How does this happen?? Of COURSE my Craigslist list cell phone buying internet stranger would be a struggling alcoholic that I could share a little bit of my story with to perhaps maybe try to offer some insight and support. We texted for a while talked a bit about alcoholism and then met up later in the evening and made the exchange of cell phone and money. ..Perhaps all that pain and suffering of dealing with an addict was worth it. Perhaps it was the plan of the universe (god??) all along. That I was supposed to have him on my cell plan for a reason and that was to eventually be able to help another alcoholic. If it helps someone I believe it always worth it.  If this isn't a gift from the universe then I don't know what is. I was literally crying I was so moved from this whole realization. Tears of gratitude and joy and that is never a bad thing. ..I believe that everything happens for a reason. I believe that I was given the gift of sobriety so that I could help others. That I have been given marching orders to pay it forward. I have a purpose and I was put on this planet to help other people. ..So thank you to everyone for allowing me to be of service and for helping me stay sober today. 
----------immediate responses--------

That was beautiful. Thanks for being an awesome human. 
[removed]
I love those simple twists of fate (as Bob Dylan might phrase it).
