-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5i92yz/im_losing_it/

Nearing 100 days. I thought it would get easy by now. It's past midnight and I've left my house in pajamas. In my car. Life has never been this hard. I blamed alcohol as part of the problem and now I see quitting as the problem. I've lost touched with friends coworkers family and my significant other. I've honestly never felt more alone. ..I don't want to drink but I swear life was better when I did. In the early stages of quitting I was so confident. I felt so strongly that alcohol was to blame for all my struggles. The struggle I'm in now is far more real making me hurt in the deepest way. ..I don't know what I want or need. I've cried while typing this. Maybe just good to let it out. It. Fucking. Hurts. ..Edit: I don't have any idea how my responses ended up in the comments section (I guess being emotionally upset and not realizing). None the less thanks again to those who responded and to those who will. It was definitely a cry for help. I am home alone in bed with headphones in - Sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. The loneliness is no joke and i'm dealing with it too right now but keep trying to tell myself that i'm in a better place sober to deal with all the real underlying problems that contributed to that addiction in the first place. For me being drunk never helped really address and overcome anything. But that's so easy to forget sometimes when you're used to that being what you do whenever you're in pain. I want to believe that it will get better and now i'm free to really work to get better without the distraction. It's so hard but you got this just hold on &lt;3
I can tell that you are hurting right now but I want you to know you are not alone. Especially if you are at 100 days. At 100 days I was a mess. You are just starting to feel your emotions fully again. Yes what you are feeling now hurts. But you are able to feel good emotions again too. Don't forget that. It makes it all worth it. 
This is horrible - I feel for you right now..Life is hard with or without alcohol.  I am 9 days and 1 month down the track.  .What helps me is talking like this.  Looking up everyone's stories and working out where I fit in.  Not everyone's addition is the same I have figured out - I read this which helped http://www.cleanandsoberlive.com/  Josh talks about all sorts of stuff including different treatments for different people. .If you are having a tough time with life-issues and have isolated yourself - it makes sense that you need to concentrate on fixing that right?  Isolation isn't a good then for anyone ever.  .Keep talking right... there are heaps of people just like you feeling the exact same way.  yup and fuck!.M :)..
Thank you. It hurts so much. Even if it's a stranger it's so nice to know I'm not alone. 
Thank you. Your comment makes me cry. I had no idea how hard this would be. Thank you. 
Thank you. I will take a look at the link as soon as I am up for it. Knowing I'm not alone is what I need. Thank you. 
Chronic alcohol abuse changes your brain chemistry by overstimulating GABA receptors and rewiring you in other ways that take months in some cases years to repair. Do you have health insurance? It sounds like you could be clinically depressed. Not to suggest that there's a quick fix but even a relatively low dose of the right medication could take some of the pressure off for a while as you work through this. Also do you have any friends or family who quit drinking who you could talk to? I go to Refuge Recovery and it works wonders for me to hear other people tell their stories of going through the exact same shit I'm going through. It's good to be around people who understand from first-hand experience. It can be tough to find the right type of meeting for you but when you do find your people it can be a big help. Good luck to you and congrats on 100 days even if it doesn't feel great right now.  
are you feeling any better? 
