-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ia2zl/tough_night/

First good news. I did not drink last night. So I am now more than 30 days sober. However it was very difficult. I wasn't tempted to drink I was with work associates including a very important client doing a "wine and dine" evening. The client became very agitated that I wasn't drinking along with the rest of them. We all know the platitudes about that being their problem it shouldn't impact me etc. but the reality is that was a tough night for my career with my (very senior-level) boss being irritated with me for making the client angry for no (apparent) reason...A month ago I would've left that meeting drunk and maybe have made myself look a little bit silly but the client would have love me the boss would've been happy because the client was happy and the deal would be in a more stable position than it is now...So I didn't drink. So I guess that's a win. But it has left me struggling and feeling very ambivalent.
----------immediate responses--------

Feel you big time on this one as there is a massive 'Drinking Culture' in my industry too...The fact that you do or do not drink should have absolutely no bearing on the business at all but in reality like business being done on a golf course we know it does...Keep Strong you did well.
I was in an industry that practically required you drink all the time and it was full of high functioning alcoholics. I found that the clients who needed me to drink with them were the same and the bosses who led the charge never lasted. I was highly successful in that field but had to leave because I knew it would ultimately be my demise. That was over five years ago and I've just now gotten that train into the station. Good for you for standing strong and maybe a conversation with your boss that you're "taking a break for health reasons" wouldn't be out of order. ..Now that I'm in a "real person" business that doesn't involve alcohol 24/7 and I can see how normal business people socialize I can tell you that the business interactions I have where recently I've been drinking I was the one falsely leading the charge and in the few instances this month where I've had to socialize professionally with clients it wasn't even noticed that I wasn't drinking. ..Sounds like you have a bad client and a bad boss and I'm sorry for both. Good for you again for staying strong. You did the right thing. .
Wow - I'm sort of shocked that sort of thing happens.  At the end of the day you can look yourself in the mirror and know that you did a very right and courageous thing.  I for one applaud you!
