-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ib6uc/looking_back/

You ever wake up immediately super emotional? I like seem to never let myself feel emotions (not intentionally it just never happens) and all of the sudden I wake up this morning feeling like I can barely hold it together....Basically had a dream about hanging out with some old friends that I have ruined relationships with. I miss all of them a ton.  I used to have a group of friends that I was super tight with people I connected with and had a blast being around. I had a healthy and active social life....Fast forward like 6 years and it's not so pretty I managed to hold my career together through all of that and a couple of people stuck with me but that's about it. I struggle to connect with people now  not many people in their mid 20's seem to relate. But to be fair I'm so blessed to have everything I do have now....But like I never had an obvious rock bottom this all happened slowly over years and years. And suddenly I wake up one morning and notice the extent of what I've lost. I crawled in a hole for years and pushed everybody away this is the obvious result. But man it really kicks your ass to really look at the extent of what you've done to yourself....I don't know if I can get that back. I feel like I'm too broken now. It was all so natural then. I never really thought about it.. until now. Now I feel like I'm tasked with consciously and deliberately rebuilding my life and I have no idea what I'm doing. I've been running around for 6 months trying to understand  anything really in the wake of getting sober to no avail. ...I dunno. Life is hard. Needed to get that out. Thanks for reading. ..
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I've found that things that crop up in my dreams or that pop into my thoughts regularly if they lead to remorse or self pity need to be dealt with.  Best way I've found for that is the 4th &amp; 5th step in AA.  But all kinds of treatment programs therapists &amp; churches do essentially the same thing in my opinion.  Best thing I can do is write it down see what my part is say it outloud with another and ask my higher power for forgiveness &amp; help.
I have a lot of regrets too but I try not to dwell on them. I learned what I learned the way I learned it; the achievement for me is going forward with new tools. I'm still rebuilding as well but I'm really grateful to be alive and have the love of my family intact. Best wishes!
&gt;&gt;&gt;Now I feel like I'm tasked with consciously and deliberately rebuilding my life and I have no idea what I'm doing. ..That's something that I can relate to.  A friend once told me about something he called the piranha theory.  I asked him what it was... Take enough small bites and you can eat an entire cow...Taking small bites (and no drinks) with you.
