-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ic7mf/what_held_you_back_from_quitting_before_you/

I was listening to a podcast today and this question was posed - the person being interviewed quickly answered Pride. ..I reflected on the question myself - and I think in the earlier years for me it was ignorance.  I was very uneducated about alcohol abuse and its health effects.  I actually remember thinking about my twin vices of smoking and drinking and deciding that I should quit smoking first because drinking doesn't have the same health implications.  What? And I have several college degrees.  Sheesh. ..As my habit progressed and I realized I was going to have to quit I began to become more educated  (know better do better) and then it was a combination of denial/pride that held me back or kept leading me to relapse.  ..Anyone else?
----------immediate responses--------

It was definitely a combination of a ton of things. Denial was a big one and what followed that was an inability to be honest to myself or others. What followed THAT was the fact that I was incapable of asking for help. In fact I refused to. With all of those things simmering together there was no way I could have stayed sober for more than 2 days at most. This time around I've been sober for longer than I have in two years. I go to meetings everyday I share I listen.  To be honest though If I hadn't had a dramatic wake up call more than two weeks ago I don't believe any of this would have transpired. It was literally a wake up call a sudden realization that  I couldn't live that way anymore. 
FEAR. Fear of not being able to handle life without the crutch of alcohol. Fear of not fitting in with our drinking society. Fear of the stigma. Fear of who I would become without alcohol. Fear of how it would affect my marriage etc... 
Definitely avoidance. I didn't want to live my life because I didn't like it. So I drank myself into oblivion. I decided one day I actually WANTED to live so I quit and am trying to make my life worth living. 
Good question.  Probably denial and fear.  I kept "proving" to myself that alcohol wasn't a problem by not drinking for periods of time.  Only after I quit did I realize that this sort of thinking is a red flag.  I just didn't want to quit.  I was afraid I wouldn't have any fun without alcohol but I was ignoring all the obvious misery it was causing me.  I was afraid of how I would be perceived as a non-drinker (ridiculous since I made an ass of myself so many times drunk).  Educating myself about real alcoholism instead of the movie type drunk really helped seal the deal.  
For me... Ignorance. But a different kind of ingnorance. I simply didn't know that it was possible. I looked around and my entire life was built on drinking everyone in my friend group drank to some extent I simply didn't do things where alcohol wasn't involved. I said for years "if my husband and I ever break up the first thing I will do is quit drinking." I just didn't think it could be done within the construct of the life I was living. Now that I'm "over the hump" (18+ months in 2014 and then hopped back on the wagon in October) I see that not only is it possible it's SO much better. I laugh now when people's kneejerk reaction is "better drink to get through that!" or "can't get through a holiday without alcohol!" or even my old boss "Oh man we should talk about this client of ours... let me know when you start drinking again!" Like really people think you can't have a conversation without drinking? Not even a tough conversation but just a garden variety venting shooting the shit one? I simply had no inputs saying it was possible and now that I'm on the other side I see how may inputs I had saying it wasn't.
Avoidance and laziness honestly...I knew what to do I knew the steps to take I knew lots of things - but to know and actually act on that knowledge are two separate things.
I was in the process of getting my life back together when I got into a very unhealthy abusive relationship which sent me right back to drinking every  night. After three years I finally managed to get out and met my current partner I was still drinking though and it was causing me such horrible anxiety my partner wasn't sure they could deal with it anymore the idea of losing them over alcohol terrified me so I just stopped I've tried to quit before but never made it more than 3 or 4 days but now I just don't feel that drive to drink just to get better. 
Pain. I drank to medicate the pain until the pain of drinking began to outweigh everything else. Now I have better tools to manage my life--good experiences and bad.
Clinging on to the idea that I am a person that can moderate...that's what held me back.  I am not that person at least not now and not for a long time.
Addiction and wanting to fit in social drinking.
I didn't think my problem was as serious as it really was. A lot of my friends are drinkers and getting drunk around them is no big deal. But as I found myself drinking alone more and more heavily over a period of several years it became more obvious 
Lies I told myself.  It will be okay to just drink some today.  I'm keeping my shit (biz house etc.) together.  I'm sure I wasn't THAT bad last night - even if I don't remember it.  No it aging not drinking that's making me look like shit...  .You get the pic...
[deleted]
What it comes down to I drank because I drank. That's what alcoholics do. Coming up on 2 weeks this time around and I have  been thinking a lot about what was going through my head the couple weeks before I quit.  ..It got to where I couldn't even catch a good buzz anymore - my tolerance had gotten to where the amount to reach some euphoira was enough to just pass our for the night. I didn't even enjoy it anymore and had all the negatives that go along with drinking to that level. Yet the next night I did it again and again. Makes absolutely no sense on a logical or intellectual level to keep drinking when you're at that point - but I bet there's a few hundred people in this sub who know exactly what I mean...Continuing to drink would suck more than getting sober. So here I am....
Kept thinking I needed it and kept thinking I could control my use. And also a really stressful job that I hated didn't help. 
I had inserted alcohol into almost all facets of my life and I was scared to rip it out.  I was ashamed that I had a problem and did not know how to relate to my drinking buddies while sober.  I think mainly I just feared change...A big part of getting sober for me was changing the places I'd go and the people I'd meet.  I had to seek out non-chemical outlets...
Routine and the thought that I would be bored without a beer in the evening mainly...Never seriously thought to quit before I did 46 days ago and even at that point it wasn't necessarily 'forever'.
[deleted]
