-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5idqym/if_you_dont_tick_all_the_boxes/

how can you be sure you have a problem? First visit to Reddit so apologies if I mess it up. My drinking has become...troubling and I struggle to go a day without it. If I don't let myself drink for one night I get really frustrated and depressed. Once I start I find it difficult to stop. A friend and I have started to drink on the train home from work. But I don't think about it until the end of the day and sometimes I can get through almost a week without it. It's the evenings that are the problem. I drink alone. My tolerance has gone up even over the last week. I've isolated the one person who could have helped me and now I'm lost. Any advice? Would really appreciate it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nobody can answer this question but you. I did not tick all the boxes either but realised that labels don't matter. Alcohol was causing me problems so I stopped drinking and things are looking up.
When it comes to Alcohol Use Disorder you only have to tick two of eleven boxes to have a diagnosis.
Do you want to wait until you do tick all the boxes? I remember a time when I didn't tick many. And slowly but surely I ticked more and more. This is a progressive disease. It gets worse over time not better.
I went through periods like you describe: out of sorts when not drinking increasing tolerence drinking alone just to drink. The end result in every instance was me ending up in the emergency room. And then hearing about whatever wreckage I had wrought. It never changed always went on this path. So I have a problem and my early warning signs are a lot like what you report. I finally just quit entirely forever (I hope)...Good luck.
Well .What positive does alcohol give you? ..Who cares what boxes you do or don't tick? ..It sounds like it already providing some negative in your life so why hold on to it? .What good does it honestly give you that you cannot get elsewhere without the negative parts? .Thats the question that made me realize I wanted to quit drinking. ..Good luck. ..
As someone who has a similar story and am on my longest time sober in 4-5 years I didn't know how many things were far off from normal. I didn't show up to work drunk or drive intoxicated so I kept justifying that everything was "ok." After 7 days I felt like "holy shit is this was normal is supposed to be like?" and it keeps changing every day (not always for the best). Regardless I'm sure it was way worse than I anticipated it was. ."Taking a break" is always a touchy subject but for people who are questioning if they can/want to/need to I just invoke the line of reasoning in Pascal's Wager just replacing God with an alcohol problem. ..https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal's_Wager..TL;DR- You must choose between two options: make a change or continue your path. You do not know yet which is correct or necessary. If you decide to stop the best case scenario is that you were right the worst case scenario is that you stopped unnecessarily. If you decide to continue the best case scenario is a small problem with health/happiness/frustration/work/family/friends/etc. and the worst case scenario is a large issue with any of those.
