-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5imhi6/i_have_a_problem/

I think I'm an alcoholic. I mean I don't know. Really. I hope I'm not. I don't drink every day but I often drink to excess and have a real hard time moderating. I drink fast. Wine beer liquor it doesn't matter it goes down fast. I find myself laying on my couch now. My fianc  is in bed. I was at networking event and had three double whiskeys. I came home and shoveled dinner. I just took a shower and threw up. I throw up often. Probably 8 times this year and twice in the last week. For some reason I can't just drink a normal amount. I hate myself right now. I've also been smoking cigarettes secretly. I'm a 33 year old engaged divorce lawyer who is struggling secretly. What should I do??
----------immediate responses--------

You've come to the right place my friend.  My humble suggestions (in no particular order).  .- Don't worry about labeling yourself this or that.  There's nothing constructive in it..- Take small steps.  Start by educating yourself what to expect...- Make a plan to stop drinking.  You might choose to taper or build on one of those days when you don't drink...- I found that having 2 or 3 days off helped me...- Let those closest to you know what you plan to do.  Let them know that this is a positive thing you want to do for yourself and that you may be a little out of balance for a while but that you know this is what you want to do...- Keep coming back to SD or stop in at an AA meeting.  Both are filled with a LOT of compassionate people who've been there done that...- Be kind to yourself.  You see the problem you're taking steps to correct it.  Don't waste time on blame or self recrimination...- Take a walk go to the gym hug someone you love...EDIT - trying to get better formatting...
Forget about labels. It just makes you go back and forth about things that couldn't matter less and distract you from the important question. "Is alcohol a problem in your life?" What just flashed thru your mind? If you are like me it was a quick 'yes' followed by a bunch of maybe or this or that....No-one can tell you what to do. People who are problem drinkers and certainly alcoholics won't listen if they haven't made up their own minds. If you are one of the lucky few who decide to quit before it costs them something dear if not everything you can come here and will find all kinds of people who will give you support on that path....Speaking for myself I can't believe what I convinced myself was OK. I am happy to trade drinking for what is possible without it. Hope to see you around.
[removed]
There is a very special sort of person who is immune to the powers of moderation. Welcome to the club!  There's a lot of us...I've totally been where you are.  I can just imagine how I would have felt in your shoes tonight.  Totally ready to be awesome at the networking event talk to new people make some connections etc... and then instead just drink 3 whiskey doubles and barely remember anything about anyone I talked to and then get home with a distinct feeling that I was obviously drunk and no one got a good impression of me...You're not alone.  Thank you for sharing your story.  I'm honored that you're sharing your secret and hope that with time it becomes less of a secret for you and more of a thing that is changing every day...edit: whiskey doubles not just whiskeys. because doubles are how you show the rest of the world you can handle your liquor! and impress the bartender.  i've been there...
I can relate. I often drank too fast and more recently it didn't take much to make me sick. I don't know if it's genetics or my body telling me something--probably both. Labels aside all I know is that I have a problem. It didn't look like what many would call alcoholism at least not for the past three years. And maybe it isn't. Maybe that label isn't useful for everyone. Over the past three years it was often 3 beers a night for me but that would always creep up to 5 or so and then like you I'd be sick or vomiting the next day. I'd take a day off and then start with 3 again. And so on. I don't know about being an alcoholic but I know I have used alcohol to deal with the anxiety that I seem to have an abundance of and that in itself was a serious problem for me. 
Well the good news is there is a solution. I found after having my ass kicked thoroughly that I was powerless and that my life had become unmanageable. Once I accepted that it was easier to reach out a hand and ask for help from another alcoholic.  So you came to as I imagine most have said before me the right place. You don't have to feel or live this way anymore. I am glad I started battling it has been really the best thing I have ever done for myself. 
I would break the obsession before it might possibly get worse.  I was always a heavy fast drinker but I went in full blown alcoholic mode in my 30s.  I drank everyday heavily for YEARS.  It was insidious the way it happened.  Breaking the cycle was not easy but I did it.  I found a combo of SD and IRL meetings very helpful.  I hope you find your path to happiness.  I hope you do not get dragged into the black hole that I was in for years.  It is hard to crawl out of.  Trust me!
I drink (and eat) everything fast. I was always eyeballing other peoples wine glasses to try to slow down my drinking to match theirs. I do believe I am an alcoholic. For my first 60 days of not drinking this sub was my only support. I read constantly and FAST...like I do everything. Started going to AA and found people who "get me" and that made all the difference. Regarding labels...yesterday at AA there was a woman who said; Hi...My name is (blank) and I am powerless over alcohol."  No labels....a simple statement. Not sure if this helps but it sure made sense to me. 
