-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ipktx/first_post/

I never did check all the boxes.  I drank daily yes.  I felt guilty about my drinking.  I sometimes tried to moderate myself (and always failed) I would lie about the amount I drank I often bought and hid alcohol.  But I would never drink and drive (I drank at home) I never blacked out I never missed work I never fought with my husband or kids I never got sloppy out of control drunk no one would have guessed I had a problem.  I drank 3-4 (8.5%ABV) beers nearly every single night.  Sometimes I drank as many as 6.  A couple times over the past year I over did it and had to quietly vomit in the bathroom.  ..I read once that you definitely have a drinking problem if you start experiencing health problems and you CONTINUE drinking.  I thought well I would never do that!!  This past year I discovered I had high blood pressure.  I did not want meds so I knew I needed to quit drinking.  I could not do it.  I started a private journal to help myself and it did not work.  I would go a week then slowly get right back to where I was. I never told my doctor how much I drank.  My reasoning was I was going to quit so I did not really need to admit anything    I did this for 6 months.  The meds had to be increased.  Still kept on drinking.  ..I am not really sure what happened but suddenly on November 27 after drinking 4 beers I KNEW I was done.  The following week I did something I have never done before...I came clean with my doctor.  I feel amazing!  I joined a gym and have made some fitness goals.  I feel hopeful and best of all I feel FREE!  I read Alan Carr's book and the thing I loved most about it was not to say you "gave up" alcohol that you now get to say you are "FREE from alcohol".  Giving up implies that you are sacrificing and depriving yourself.  NO!  You are free from the binds and it no longer has control over you!   Thanks to everyone here that shares their stories and struggles.  It is so helpful!   I am a FREE 42yo woman married with 2 boys and I am not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with ya sistah! Good work and Happy Holidays!
Cool epiphany and love the idea of "FREE from alcohol".  Thanks for YOUR story.
Congrats-it gets better each day I think. I drank all my life and until serious health issues (I had high BP also but that didn't stop me) I could not quit. Seems like a blessing sometimes that it happened. I had nerve issues. I am not a religious person but I used to ask God to help me stop drinking you know by something short of death. So it has really turned into the best thing I have ever done for myself. Congrats and hang tough-there will be moments-don't give in-your star is your shield and it grows each day to protect you. Good wishes.
It's nice to meet you MountainHiker! I'm also feeling free. I was avoiding some sweets this season and my 13 year old son was like "It must be hard to give up things." (We had just been talking about how I stopped drinking.) I told him it's not about giving up it's about getting. I'm getting to be the me I want to be. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome to /r/stopdrinking! You'll always be free to talk honestly and openly here.
That's great for you! You are free!! Keep it up! I have had high blood pressure this past year as well and like you tried to quit drinking and kept finding myself at square one week after week. In August I actually decided to come clean with my doctor and told him how much I had been drinking. He looked at me incredulously jaw dropping and exclaimed "EVERY DAY?!" I felt extremely embarrassed and immediately started to cry. :( He prescribed me to quit the drink and see him back about the blood pressure opting to delay meds. I was good for a couple months then slowly crawled off the wagon. Now I'm strapping myself in. Let's do this for ourselves and our families! I will not drink with you today!
