-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iqzo0/i_stopped_drinking_december_1st_and_i_am/

Um please appreciate my holiday pun..I decided to stop drinking December 1st and I have gone now 16 days without alcohol. However my work holiday party is this Monday and I will be going to several other holiday gatherings. I only turned 21 last year and I have not told anyone around me about my new goals of sobriety. I am anxious and struggling about how to approach all of these situations. Drinking is so normalized during the holidays..I just stumbled on this sub a few hours ago and I have been reading a lot of your posts and they make me feel like I am not alone. .Any advice during this season and the rest of my life afterwords is much appreciated :)
----------immediate responses--------

I had my work holiday party last Friday and I was a little worried with how I'd handle it. Luckily a few coworkers know that I am no longer drinking so I didn't feel like I was hiding anything. With that said truly nobody cares that we don't drink. It's a little mind blowing when I stop and think about it because it feels like everyone is drinking and having a great time...Truth is some (or most people) will drink at your holiday party. But depending on if people drive then they might only have 1 drink or they'll choose none at all. If it's hard for you to say that you don't drink just say that you drove and that you don't want a drink. No one (sane) would pressure a DD to drink...Understand that in your early sobriety it may feel super awkward hanging around a bunch of people getting really drunk acting out and generally making some questionable decisions...I used to be the social drinker who would drink a lot at the holiday party then go out with a few of the younger heavy drinkers for a raging night out. I would be acting really stupid I would be making very questionable decisions and my behavior would be deplorable. I did miss the idea/excitement of going out and "partying" but I play the tape forward and I picture myself trying to figure out how I'd get home at 2:00 AM. Where my phone and keys were. I'd feel like shit and I would feel even worse in the morning. I don't miss any of that...I feel ok around events where drinking is the primary form of entertainment but I leave early (my work holiday party started at 11:30 AM and we had to leave the event by 4:00 PM so I went home at 4:00 while the raging group went out afterwards util 1:00 AM - my coworker who knows I don't drink who went out util 1:00 AM shared with me all of the questionable things that she had done that night. The yelling/arguing she was doing with a coworker the other coworker that she regretted making out with and just how much like she she felt the next morning)...Think about all of this and it makes it easier to nit want to drink and be a part of the drama. The important thing to remember is to have fun and it's completely possible to have fun without drinking.
Drinking isn't just normalized during the holidays - I reckon it's normalized all the time. *"I'm young.... I need to drink. It's summer.... I need to drink.  My best friends getting married...it's time to drink."* That's what my lizard brain tells me anyway - there's always an excuse to drink...  I really struggled when I first got sober. I avoided a lot of social events where there would be heavy drinking.  I would plan out other enjoyable activities to keep my mind from thinking it was missing out - things like hikes or dinners or movies or board games.  If there was something I HAD to go to I would plan my exit strategy.  I knew exactly what I would do and say  to leave easily if I felt like drinking...  Honestly it was a struggle at first.  But it got easier. And easier. And easier.  I went to my Christmas party this year and had a blast.  I danced and talked and ate and I didn't do a single thing I regretted. In fact I had incredible fun from the very start. My coworkers had to get a bit tipsy before they loosened up. ..  Last year I left after about an hour and I cried on the way home because it was so hard and I hated feeling so different.  But I'm glad that I stayed sober because now I don't have to rely on booze to have a good time.
read 'This Naked Mind' by Annie Grace.  It has completely rewired my brain about how I perceive alcohol.  Instead of thinking 'oh a holiday party it is going to be dumb unless I drink' the book has made me think 'I am going to have a great time without drinking'.  The book helped kill years of unconscious conditioning telling me that drinking is the only way to have a good time.  It is a must read.
My favorite strategies:..*I tell folks I can come for an hour (or however long I feel like I may want to stay) as I have another engagement (often this engagement is a date with Netflix for me but others don't need to know that).  I can always stay longer if I feel inclined...*I say I'm driving and I am not drinking...*I bring delicious n/a drinks with me.  Coconut water latte thermos of hot tea fancy sodas etc... I don't feel left out when I'm drinking something I actually prefer to alcohol. ..*I wear a piece of jewelry like a ring or bracelet that I put on at the beginning of the night and I say "I will not drink" as I put it on.  Seeing it reminds me.  ..Best of luck and congrats on your 16 days!
I've learned a few approaches...Me: "I stopped drinking alcohol to stay out of court."..A lady I met at a function at a bar: "I don't drink alcohol." (It turns out that is a religious requirement.)..A French person I once knew: "I have liver problems." (Apparently according to this person when it comes to wine the French will not take "no thanks" for an answer unless you have liver problems.)..Another alcoholic: "I can't drink alcohol. I will die."..Edit. I'm going to HO-HO-HOld off on drinking with you this Christmas!
I'm just avoiding everyone this year. No holiday cheer for one year won't kill me if it means I stay sober. Best of luck.
Oh shit no one gets sober before Christmas.....I was told that lie 23 years ago  this will be my 24th sober Christmas and Chanukah as well  ...The key for me is to remember I only have to stay sober today I don't worry about tomorrow it will take care of itself.     ...Oh also I proved those ass hats wrong it is very possible to get sober before the holidays and stay sober through them.....I won't drink with you today. 
