-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iraxx/got_banned_form_here_months_ago/

So I got banned from here months ago for saying some pretty nasty things about people who swim in troubled waters. Begged to come back and got the chance. This is my first post..Now the reason I first came here in the first place was because I needed to help one of my mates quit. We both drink excessively I may add and we both decided to give it a shot to quit. For me its been 100 days today. For him its been 86 out of 100 days. Its progress. And it then occurred to me that a few things;.1) Not everyone can just give it up. For some its a struggle. I didnt realize that in the beginning as I thought that those who cant give it up have no will power. Boy was I wrong. I have my best buddy struggling and to see him like that kills me. Im his rock and damnit he will succeed..2) I really didnt realize the health benefits of it all. Yeah I know alcohol is bad for you but I always functioned with it and still have that step in my game. But now its at a totally different level..3) You people here really inspire my buddy. And for that I thank each and every one of you. You actually inspire me too. We all have struggles in our life and its good to see people bond together and help each other succeed. ..Now because I have gone 100 days no sweat on quitting its not that I will stay this way. I am primarily doing this for my mate. I'll go back to having a drink I am sure. I just want to show him that If I can do it so can he. Its not a competition its support. The only thing that pisses me off about this...and it really does...is that  I read a daily glass of red wine is good for the heart. Man how I want that glass of wine! But nope...here for my buddy. And if he is reading this...and he knows its been 86 out of 100 days for him- I Love you mate!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done for seeing the error of your ways...I wish I had friends like you or friends at all! lol
Way to be there for your friend...I have another health tip for you: 30 minutes of physical activity a day is also good for your heart. Bonus: it can be done for free so it's even better for your wallet!..Best of wishes to you and your friend!
Congratulations on 100!..Tomorrow a Beautiful Palindrome!
&gt; I read a daily glass of red wine is good for the heart. ..The jury is still out but even if that is true there are A LOT better things you can do everyday for your heart than drinking a daily glass of red wine.
You're a good friend.
I have thought about the one a day thing and I may be able to have just one on a day then maybe even one the next day. But too often "just one" leads to me waking up the next morning wondering what happened. It is just how I am wired something I have to accept and deal with. No judge on anyone else just how I am unfortunately (though not the end of the world if I deal with it.) Glad you are helping see your friend to a better place.
As far as the wine thing- didn't they say it's just that it has resveratrol? Which is easily found in other foods and can be produced from exercising? Which is how the myth that a glass of wine is the same as going to the gym got started? Or am I wrong 
Congrats to you and your buddy! I strongly believe this one glass of wine a day myth is bullshit  how can you prove that it is a health benefit? No wine at all is most likely the health benefit and being sober for several months it's a no-brainer. Anyway you're not missing anything and you guys can really do great stuff if you keep on that way.
I was surprised to discover that in my country at least the advice now is that there is no safe level of drinking that even small amounts the negative risks/consequences are likely to outweigh the benefits...Nice on on 100 days sober! One of my friends quit drinking before me and I thought their problem was worse than mine yet I wasn't at all supportive to start off with. I was a jerk because I didn't realise how vital it was that they didn't drink again. When they stuck with it that inspired me to look at my own drinking and the harm and risk I was causing myself and that I didn't drink moderately- alcohol had its claws into me way more than I was willing to admit. ..I am so glad to have made the change I've discovered how unnecessary alcohol is and life is easier for me without it. Without it I've been able to take better care of myself focus on my priorities much better and explore new hobbies. I got to pick some folk up from after their Christmas 'do yesterday and they were so impaired that it was as if they's been brain damaged - sentences were slow slurred repetitive and nonsensical - it helped me remember that I prefer being sober.
