-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5itliv/new_here_54_days_atheist_in_aa/

Hello. I'm an FTM transgender guy in Philly. I've had about 7 years or so of relative sobriety but have decided on abstinence recently. ..Some trigger warnings for violence and stuff. ..This year was the most I've blacked out *combined* since I started to stop drinking and using. I had been in a pretty abusive relationship for that entire time plus the past two years have just plain sucked and my friend alcohol has always been there for me when nothing else has been... .In 2015 I had three stays inpatient for bipolar episodes. I was 302ed the first one for a pretty bad manic episode that came outta nowhere. Last November a close friend musician  in his early 30s suddenly passed away. I was sitting in a Mummers rehearsal when I got the text. Couldn't stop crying. And those who know anything about the Mummers know that we're generally a pretty happy bunch... and in the string bands we enjoy making happy music that's about spreading love. Think bluegrass meets zydeco meets jazz meets folk meets Broadway meets John Phillip Sousa meets Philly. It's hard to be sad while Mumming.. (Side note: it's even more hard being pretty much the first openly transgender string band Mummer! Many of my LGBT and straight ally friends think I'm a traitor because they only see the crap that makes the headlines- the idiots that show up one day a year to daydrink and be stupid in public wearing a lot of glitter... Not the year-long commitment to service and charity the string bands have!).It only got worse from my friend passing. I was absolutely loaded on New Year's Eve into New Year's Day because again Mummer. An excuse to start drinking at 3pm the day before get up at 5am to wear more glitter and rainbows than a Pride Parade and daydrink like a bunch of pros. I was a mess by the time we hit City Hall and the Union League. This year I plan on staying close to the sober Mums. ..We threw a huge memorial concert in New York City for my friend in January of this year about a week after the sloshfest of Mum Day. Kind of like a way to bring his high school music students in to celebrate his life since he was teaching just outside of NYC when he passed. Only I was on a train up to NYC when I got the text that my closest friend my 3am "I hate everything" phone call friend had killed herself after another miscarriage. She was 28 years old. I got up to NYC and hit the first bar I could and went to the rehearsal for my friend's concert. Almost missed the last train back to Philly because I was so devastated and drunk. ..I got trashed after her funeral as well. And then another close friend was diagnosed with breast cancer.. in her mid-30s. ..After that my car was vandalized and then towed. My half hour commute to work turned into 2-3 hours one way including a 4.5 mile walk to/from the nearest bus stop. In the middle of this I had to put down 3 cats and another cat... I swear my partner killed. He denied it but my neighbor found a cat that looked like her after the snow melted behind some shelters she had up in our side yard between our houses for the alley cats. Large gray cat with a small patch of white on the chest. Her head was cracked. He denied having anything to do with her disappearance but I can't believe him any more after what he did to me....After that he raped me. We had a bit of a kink relationship that involved play piercing and some major chest abuse that was helping with my top dysphoria. He relapsed extra hard and took our relationship as automatic consent. I remember screaming "I'M NOT GIVING MY CONSENT!" as he tried to pierce my labia. I then just let him fuck me until I bled with a huge dildo (also FTM transgender) and I spent the next week crying and taking medical leave from work. He attacked me twice more after that. The second time again he had relapsed and went on a two week binge that landed him in the ICU. He left AMA after a night went straight for a couple of 211s... And gave me a black eye before locking me outside naked. This through me into a two month depressive episode - the worst I've had in over 10 years. I relapsed big time and blacked out no less than 3 times in 2 months. This was kinda mild compared to the severe physical mental and sexual abuse I had growing up.. And he had gotten an appointment with his psych to go on Antabuse to make him sick from drinking... so I believed him and stupidly stayed.  I lost my health insurance for non-payment since I could barely eat at that point.. So I also lost my therapist and psychiatrist and had major med withdrawal on top of the depression. I was unpaid from work on leave  and he blamed me for not being able to pay the rent and we got evicted. I had been paying for pretty much the entire apartment on my own for nearly a year. Suddenly I'm out of work because of him and it's my fault for not being able to pay the rent and for having the gas cut off. I drank heavily to deal with the med withdrawal. ..I had just gotten back to work when number 3 happened. He beat me withing inches of my life for 6-8 hours straight and blamed me for going to the State Store and finishing a handle of tequila at 8am on a Saturday. I only lived because I have training in manual restraints because I use to work with adults with Autism who have severe physically aggressive behavior. Now I can't work for a while because my head had to be glued to control the bleeding and I'm still missing steps and very sensitive to light. I was terminated from my job because of my symptoms of concussion and PTSD. He's locked up for beating me up but mostly for beating up a few cops. Oh and about the Antabuse? We found out he'd stopped taking it. I couldn't figure out why he wasn't sick that day after I'd found out he had been drinking before I woke up. ..In the month since I've wanted to drink and use more than ever. I've been back to the self-loathing and self-blame... So I've been going to 2-3 meetings a day. I've needed it to stay sane when I've not been able to work. Most of it's been AA and I'm severely allergic to the god-stuff but I've needed the fellowship. ..I'm going to an atheist AA meeting on Sunday morning and I'm really looking forward to it. I've been hesitant of getting a sponsor in the groups I've been going to because of the god-stuff... But will likely ask someone in the atheist group. ..Thankfully I start therapy and psych again this coming week because my Medicaid is on. ...I guess I'm just here trying my damnedest to not drink tonight. It's not easy. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow you have really been through a LOT and I'm so very sorry for that! I can't imagine how much all of that hurts but I do know what it feels like to hurt so bad and feel so hopeless that you just want to check out of life. Drinking to check out from all of that would have been my response too before I got sober. But I realize now that killing myself by slow poison was not what I wanted. I *want* to get better. I'm scared sometimes about the future but sharing my feelings here has been a big help...Thank you for sharing your story and I'm so glad you made the decision to turn your life around. You deserve to get well and be happy and healthy. You are worth the work it's going to take to get there!..I really look forward to seeing you around on here and I hope you'll share your progress. If you ever want to talk about anything at all please come here and do that. There are a whole lot of wonderful people here who care about you making it through this!..Tonight I will not drink with you :)
I hope you're okay now. Please never talk to your ex again. ..I'm generally anti death penalty but that fuck should be put in the ground. 
[removed]
