-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5iwczh/every_day_we_get_to_choose_life_or_death/

Hello Sobernauts..You have all been an amazing part of my journey and I appreciate the ongoing support. Update on the saga of SoberMouse.....Within the past 3 weeks my frequently attended local AA meeting groups have lost THREE people to our disease.  Three.  ..1.  A frequent attendee at my Saturday meeting.  His name was Sam.  He always introduced himself as SamIAm...Sam I Am an Alcoholic.  He relapsed and within a week he had used a tainted substance that killed him.  We grieve for him because he was a bright light in dark times for many...2.  A relative newcomer to the local Young People's Meeting.  18 beautiful and struggling with multiple challenges.  She chose to leave this life by her own hand. Her twin is left behind...3. A woman from my Women's Meeting.  She drank...and was blacked out (we assume by BAC) when driving.  Her vehicle was totaled by a truck. ..In recovery we talk about the challenges of getting sober...staying sober.  We talk about the way alcohol damages our bodies during active substance abuse.  But this holiday I've been repeatedly hit with the reality of my situation as an addict and alcoholic.  This disease could kill me.   ..I'm a funeral director's daughter so I see what relapse and addiction does to the family of those left behind.  I work funerals and comfort grieving loved ones and sometimes I share my own understanding of the struggle with alcohol/drugs.  ...Yesterday my divorce Decree arrived in the mail.  I knew it was coming...I went to a meeting yesterday evening before I opened the mail box. And still seeing the shiny gold seal on a document saying my marriage is severed was a gut shot to me.  ..And so I got to choose.  Drink to forget or stay Sober to move forward?..Live or die?..I choose life today.  ..Tonight I'll be raising my mug of almond hot cocoa with marshmallows in memory of the good times and the bad...and praying for the courage to learn who I am as a single woman...Stay sober my friends.  Today is the first day of the rest of my life...With love to all..Mouse...(Multiple edits to fix bad formatting)
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry to hear about all the troubles Mouse. You are a strong and amazing woman thank you for sharing this reminder to all of us to keep up the good work in spite of all else. 
I always look forward to reading your posts.   They are heartbreaking at times  but are a tremendous motivation to not drink in difficult times.
Hello Mouse sorry to hear about the emotional hit...I'm in awe of your strength to face such shocks to the system...Thanks for your inspiring response to a difficult and sad situation...Sending you CyberHugs
With such heart-wrenching news comes some great hope!  Thank you for sharing this.
That was a gut wrenching post...Hang in there.  You are right it's a choice we make and have to make every single day.  I'll choose life with you.
Sorry for your losses Mouse. ..My homegroup is a discussion group but I'll catch some leads because there are occasional horror stories about people with long times of sobriety picking up and having terrible shit happening to keep me vigilant. Shit the regular horror stories keep me on my toes...Internet hugs for you.
Stay strong. And thank you for being a beacon of light and pillar of strength during my dark times. Reading your words have helped me so many times. I only hope that I and the rest of the r/sd fam can be here for you in the same way. 
So sad and thank you for reminding us how fragile this is...One of the things I have allowed myself to remember on this bonafide path to sobriety was a time in college I passed out in a bar and my friends couldn't find me to leave they left anyway and the driver crashed the car they were all in. One person was in ICU another broke his leg and back so badly that he still walks with a cane today as an adult. The driver had a BAC of almost .30 and he did time in jail. We were teenagers and I can remember making a joke about being lucky to be so drunk I couldn't make it to the car. ..&amp;$^# this horrible affliction and I thank you again for putting it in the frame of reference it deserves. 
sometimes they go in bunches and it always sucks...Mouse I thank you for sharing this with us today.   ...For many years I have told folks that everybody gets sober someday it is just that for some of us we do it before we die...As you stated I choose life today also...Be good to you today you deserve it.
Thanks for sharing Mouse. Take care. 
Sorry for the multiple losses. Thank you for sharing.
Keep coming back! It works if you work it! So glad you're sober today!
Thanks for sharing. ..Shares are sometimes very powerful and this was one of them...All the best for the future.
Thank you for the perspective
You said my favorite three words: "I choose life".  I believe that's what each and every one of us is fighting to do one day at a time.  In that spirit - I choose life with all of you today - especially you Mouse.  You've been through a shitstorm and you're still standing.  You've no idea how much I respect your courage and grace in the midst of it all.
Love you Mouse! Thank you for your strength and inspiration!
Choosing Life with you Mouse. Onward ever onward. 
