-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j0sbh/first_time_here_3rd_time_sober/

I first stopped drinking in April 2015.  I went to AA meetings and worked with a sponsor but it never did much for me. I couldn't believe a lot of what was preached. I really gave AA a shot. I went to the meetings got a sponsor and worked the steps. I always felt uncomfortable at AA and I was constantly repeating words that I didn't believe. I did feel great being sober. What did help the most was the network of like minded people who have the shared experience of substance abuse and recovery which is what brings me here. ..I worked overseas in an area where doctors give massive amounts of controlled medications. I was on a lot of benzodiazepines and prescription sleeping pills as well as drinking a large amount of alcohol before 04/2015. I was able to get the alcohol out of my life but I had a hard time giving up the pills.  ..After five months of not drinking I drank again after running out of sleeping pills.  I quickly lost control. I drank for two months until I had enough of the pain that accompanies constant intoxication and I gave up the alcohol and the sleeping pills. I kept the benzos but was able to stay away from the alcohol for 4 months until my friend gave me a bunch of ambien that she had sitting in her medicine cabinet.  I abused the ambien blacked out for days and woke up sick and drunk. It was a mess. My contract at work was ending in a month so I made a plan to get off of all of the pills and alcohol and come back to America and my family completely sober.  I stopped drinking and tapered off of the pills with the help of my doctor. ..I returned to America on May 30th. I felt great being sober. I had no alcohol and no pills. I had a great summer and fall without any intoxicants. Then after 5 months I started doubting my problem with alcohol in the beginning of November about 6 weeks ago. I began to have thoughts like "maybe the alcohol wasn't the problem maybe it was the pills and the alcohol working together.  I haven't had any pills for 6 months!"  I thought "I have never really tried to moderate my drinking perhaps moderate drinking is a skill I can learn!"  So I set out to drink moderately. ..I was keeping track of my drinks and monitoring my BAC. I was avoiding the drunk for the most part but it was often a struggle and I was constantly craving alcohol. I was always thinking about it. Once I started drinking it again became harder and harder to stop. I was able to take several days off a week but the alcohol was an obsession. Even when I wasn't drinking it was like my life was on hold and I was simply waiting for the next drink. Three times I lost control of my drinks. I lost count of my drinks and I lost track of my BAC. ..The last time I drank was Friday December 16 2016 about two days ago. I was starting to lose control of my drinking. I felt guilty sick ashamed. I had a compulsion to drink even more alcohol to make myself feel better. That is not a road that I ever want to go back down again. So I poured out the rest of my alcohol and decided that moderate drinking is just too dangerous.  Even if it is a skill that one could learn the failures that accompany the learning process are just too dangerous. It is telling about my mentality that I would even consider taking that risk for the ability to have a couple of drinks on the weekends. ..I am now spending the holidays with my family and I will begin a great new job overseas in the beginning of February.  I avoided a disaster with this recent experiment with moderate drinking and I am grateful for that.  I don't want to drink ever again. I don't want to risk my health happiness future or freedom. I feel like I have tried everything up to this point and the only conclusion that I can come to is that I can't put another drink into my body.  But I have come to that conclusion before.....I am trying to avoid the feelings of defeat or failure. I want to regain my hope. I feel discouraged that I even tried to drink again. I have made this resolution twice before. Both times I was able to quit and I felt so much better very quickly.  I don't want to take the risk of drinking ever again. No matter what I try alcohol will eventually wear me down.  ..These first days of quitting are always the hardest.  If anyone has advice or has had a similar experience I would be grateful to hear from you. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me it was "Fall down seven times get up eight"...We can know something logically and consciously but still somehow end up not sticking with sobriety. If you've been able to string together more than 3 months sober at a time you're already ahead of where I was...I never made it past that 90 day mark (before now). Every journey is different of course but you sound very self-aware and intuitive to me. Can you add some accountability/support (other than SD) to your sobriety? I know you say AA doesn't work for you but there are other options as well as perhaps a trusted friend or family member or a therapist...Keep checking in with us! Best wishes.
Really glad you're giving sobriety another shot and that you've learned some things along the way. Long-term plans to quit drinking are great but for me I started getting overwhelmed and panicky when I projected the "not being able to drink" thing very far into the future...The best thing I have learned is take things a day at a time. Don't worry about tomorrow yet. Focus on not picking up the drink today. Plan what you'll do instead. Get through today and then when you get up tomorrow just focus on getting through that day. :)
Great post - you articulate your lessons learned beautifully. It sounds like a rational response to anyone considering moderation. Just like Vegas if you play long enough the House always wins. Alcohol companies didn't become multi-billion dollar corporations from a world of people who know how to moderate. 
