-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j4e9q/trying_this_thing_out/

Hi everyone.  After scrolling through this sub for about a week I decided to make an account and join.  A little background on me.  I am a 22 year old male who has been struggling with alcoholism/drug addiction since age 16.  I am a junior at the university and in addition to that work to support myself.  I have done inpatient and outpatient treatment but cross-addicted with opiates and eventually went back to the alcohol.  I am a blackout drinker and drink alone.  In my mind there was no point in drinking with other people once my alcoholism reached a certain point.  It just got in the way of getting as drunk as I wanted to get...Anyways my last drink was 8 days ago and I know how hard sobriety is because I have attempted it before.  Never gone more than 40 days without a drink or drug.  Hoping that this sub and a few AA meetings I'm planning on starting to go to again will help me.  Glad to be here :)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I find this sub really helpful. 
Congrats on the decision to stop best one I ever made. Best of luck to you! 
Wow you sound quite like me. Well spoken matter of fact understanding of the gravity of your situation. I am a polysubstance abuser so very familiar with this story. I also began my struggle at around age 16 (26 now). Good for you getting into AA it has certainly been the only way I could make it 22 days. And remember don't trust everything that you think. 
I'm glad you found SD! It's one of the most supportive communities I have found on the internet. ..I support you and I will not drink with you today!
Dude:..Same story. 22 yo been drinking since I was 16 (got into amphetamines rather than opiates) and 3 days sober today...Let's do this shit man
I've learned so much here about alcohol addiction and recovery. Hope you'll find the same.  Congratulations on your eight days. Best wishes. 
Welcome. Great job on 8 days . :-)
Welcome you can do this your life will be immeasurably better sober. Doing this now rather than in your 30's or 40's will make your life so much better.  Get counselling rethink everything you think value and hold dear keep an open mind be prepared to learn from others recognise that we don't really know much and what we think we know is often wrong and feeling your feelings is not optional but totally necessary.  I hope you do this for yourself because it is so worth it. 
Welcome to the family! Congrats on getting through 8 days - definitely the hardest imo. You may want to check out the awesome resources in the sidebar on the right; book recommendations FAQ's Saturday Shares and a link to the IRC so you can chat 24/7. There's also a daily check in where we pledge that we will not drink just for that day. It's cool to make a commitment and know that we're not alone - there's more than 54000 in our army here ready and willing to support us!..Hope the meetings go well and please keep us posted :). 
Welcome!
