-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5j7n02/i_cant_even_remember_how_many_times_ive_restarted/

Each time I would start drinking again after a break I would either be in a mental state where I had decided I was just over reacting to some past negative drinking event and now that I had the life experience things would be different.. or I would hate myself for 'failing' and then just keep drinking because obviously I had no control and it was too overwhelming to think about.  My mentality around drinking has changed over the past 5 years. During college and soon after it's easy to think there are 'drinkers' and 'non-drinkers' this is life.  Heavy drinking up to that point had been so normalized. No one looks down on you when you are 23 and hung over at work (at least it didn't seem that way to me anyway). I had zero desire to live a life of boredom jumping into middle age and mini vans just because I had hit my late 20's. Hangover after hangover weight gain and negative event piled on negative event I finally started envying my old buddies who had 'just quit'. Well they have kids now I would think.. that's why they 'just quit'. Or they moved back to our home town where there isn't anything to do.. that's why (ignoring the fact I drank at home alone all the time needing no 'scene or bar' to go to). I began to go between thinking I didn't want to quit to leaning more and more towards wishing I could just be 'normal' like my family or friends. ..At 30 I finally began to accept that I was somehow stuck in my drinking routine and it was probably a negative routine but the idea of giving it up was almost like leaving a stage of my life. My college years my time after college traveling living out of my car. My youth my nomadic sense of adventure. It seems so goofy really but it did feel like I was somehow letting go of a stage and moving into.. well I guess I assumed an older less thrilling life experience. ..I never was able to check all the boxes on the 'are you an alcoholic survey' either in order to truly convince myself. I had never been fired from a job had significant relationship issues had legal trouble or even health concerns minus being 20 lbs bloated and hungover weekly. Within 2 years that seemed to be changing. I had recently had a miscarriage so going to a very pregnant friends house with my husband left me making the decision to chug a bottle of wine before we went. I was too drunk to eat the dinner cooked the whole purpose of us being there was to eat dinner with them. I just got up and left the table falling asleep in my car waiting on my husband to embarrassingly excuse himself. Well there went a big check mark in that relationships box. Within the next month I got a DUI checking off another box. I had had negative experiences before but somehow I had been able to excuse them or dilute them taking away alcohol as the 'focal point' of concern. This time I couldn't. ..Up until this stage there had been so many times that I had tried to moderate with no success. I'll only drink on the weekends only when I am socializing I'll only drink every other month. The knowledge of my inability to stick to my desire to moderate with the growing negative impact alcohol was having finally allowed me to say "I need to quit drinking I just don't know how'. I have multiple addicts in my family hard drugs like crack. And I remember screaming at my aunt one Christmas "JUST QUIT SMOKING CRACK" after learning she had stolen from my grandparents once again. I had started laying awake at night and thinking "just because I don't steal or prostitute am I any better than my aunt at this point?". ..I quit for 35 days after my DUI. And then I found out my 18 year old sister was pregnant. I had been trying to get pregnant for a year and a half and my beautiful baby sister who had only been in college 1 month was going to have a baby before me. The only thing I could think of was drinking. The craving was unbearable. Once I slipped I was able to take another 6 day break and a 5 day break painfully. But never longer than that and each day was miserable and counting down the hours. The shame I felt knowing how much pain I had caused my husband the night he had to pick me up after my DUI and here I was drinking again was enormous. I started hiding my little wine bottles in my purse in the kitchen cabinets underneath the sink in the bathroom. It's like I knew he could tell if I was drinking yet I would still sneak and just say I was 'really tired' or took nyquel a bit too early last night. He would just look at me and we both knew but what could we say. I couldn't stop and he couldn't stop me. A true nightmare to be in. To not only fail yourself but to fail everyone around you. ... and have zero idea of how to make yourself just stop. JUST STOP DRINKING ALCOHOL.  ..I knew I was struggling to stop but I had comforted myself after my DUI with the knowledge I would NEVER drink and drive again and I would just never drink alcohol with my friend I had made an ass of myself in front of. 12 weeks nearly to the day after I got my DUI I drove from one house to another after drinking. Though I wasn't plastered like when I got my DUI the one comfort I had tried to squeeze out of this really horrible situation I had put on my and my husband's life was that at least I would be safe when it came to booze and driving. When I got to my grandmothers house and laid down all I could do was cry. Nothing about my life would ever be safe while I was drinking. Not my friendships. Who was to say if I wouldn't make an ass in front of my friend again I had just driven after drinking again I apparently had no standards once I drank. Whatever I had been clinging to what little bit of hope I had that maybe I could have some type of life with alcohol poured out me that night. ..But I can never relax. Because I've made it 8 days before and been certain. I've made it 35 days and been certain. This is the agony of addiction. You never know when those unbearable cravings will creep into your mind. One day at a time I suppose. One day at time. Thanks for letting me share my journey. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know these feelings well. You are a wonderful writer. I am glad you are here and will not drink with you today.
Thank you so much for sharing this. 8 days is amazing! So many don't ever make it to that point. You're so right about taking things a day at a time. That's all any of us can do. And today I will NOT drink with you :)
And as some have added to the *one day at a time* motto - one hour at a time one minute at a time if necessary.  
Thanks you very much for telling this your story is very powerful.
You can do it . I will join you and not drink with you today 
You are on your way to the truth.  Keep looking honestly and if you're like me it will all make sense one day and you will quit for good...A couple of things resonated for me while I was reading your post:  1) being hungover became for me a source of shame and embarrassment but it certainly didn't start out that way.  The older I got the dumber I felt for being hung over.  2) To me alcohol IS a hard drug.  The hardest one.  
We've all been there.  It's not always easy to stay on track!
Thanks for sharing wish you the best! Have you gone to see a psychiatrist regarding drinking before? (I think its psychiatrist apologize if I am wrong). They can prescribe different medications or give you a shot (sorry can't remember the name of said shot) that help reduce cravings. I know a huge thing for me going back to drinking was cravings/withdrawal. I talked to a psychiatrist and he prescribed me campril. Its not the strongest drug in the world but it did help me out. I relapsed a few times taking it but it helped me get a couple months of sobriety a few times so I could at least see a future of staying sober. Any support or help you can get I would say go for it. Quitting is damn hard hell I have had cravings all week for whatever reason but the fight is worth it. I finally decided to ask for help and the help/support I received helped immensely. You can do it just one day at a time!
Thank you for sharing your story. Those triggers are definitely sneaky. I have 2 weeks etc and then u r feeling good again and I know I start to think I can moderate.  But really I know I can't. I will not drink with you tonight 
I'm a firm believer that the "alcoholic" label (or lack thereof) stands in the way of people seeking a new life..I could never check of all the boxes either but my drinking created a lot of misery in my life. ..Things are infinitely better without alcohol in my life. I struggled for years with the questions "am I an alcoholic?"  It's stupid..We get help if we want a better life. Sounds like you do..You can do it!
&lt;3 I'm just so here with you and so appreciate your raw honesty. Not drinking with you today. Please keep posting.
Man. I'm right there. I was to the point of hiding it from my SO but wrote it off as "she's just being a nag."  Than my DUI. I wasn't shit faced but over the limit none the less. I've since realized how many excuses I had been making. I was embarrassed to always fumble for an answer to the question"what do you do for fun?"  I always recited the things I enjoyed before alcohol truly took over and I hadn't done in ages. In reality I mostly drank until I found someone to drink with. Sure I'd get chores done and I might squeeze in some exercise before drinking but it was always working towards drinking. 21 days strong well I dunno how strong I find myself rationalizing my cravings but haven't given in. Luckily I have a very supportive SO. ..Here's to life's love that we've experienced and the support we have been given. I'll not be drinking with you today friend.  
Same here. I have one day again. I never ever want to forget how I feel right now. The self loathing self hatred embarrassment I feel. I thought I could "control my drinking" again. I was suicidal all night last night. Only to wake with a raging hangover. To wake to cringing thoughts of yelling at my neighbors.... Why? Cause I was miserable so screw them. I do not remember much. But I do remember staring at the black water on the ferry ride home last night and actually considering jumping. Self hatred like never before. I never ever want to forget this despair I feel today. And I will not drink today. 
I can't say it any better than has already been said so I'll just agree with everyone else:.I'm glad you're here and I won't drink with you today. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you so much for sharing. It is always a gift to hear a story like yours told so eloquently and with so much insight into the nature of oneself and addiction. 
I'm so glad you are here. Thank you so much for sharing your story. It definitely resonated with me. Just remember - one day at a time. I'll not drink with you today.
