-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jbp9a/crazy_ballot_initiative_idea/

I've struggled with a drinking problem on and off for the last ten years. One of the reasons it's so hard for me to stay sober is that alcohol is legally available to me everywhere. I wouldn't know where to start looking for illegal drugs but booze is available at my neighborhood 7/11..So I was thinking what if I could opt out of this? What if I could get the state (my state is Washington) put a big red "A" on my drivers license and prohibit the sale of alcohol to anyone who has that "A". ..You might say "well wouldn't you just find ways to cheat?" I might. But if popping into my neighborhood bar or 7/11 wasn't an option I think I'd be a lot less likely to slip. ..We have an initiative system in Washington that allows crazy ideas like this to be put up to a vote. Since this doesn't affect anyone who's not an alcoholic I think it would be an easy sell. What do you think? Insane idea? 
----------immediate responses--------

My feeling is that if you took all the time and energy you would spend on this and instead put it toward doing what you need to do to stay sober (therapist groups working out whatever) you'd be a lot better off in the long run. 
When I put other people in control of my problem that absolved me of responsibility. And I sill drank. I had my SO babysit me. I almost even relinquished all control of my debit card to him just to keep me from buying alcohol.  All that happened was I snuck around even more to hide it from everyone. It wasn't until I took complete responsibility for my own drinking that I was able to quit. I understand your logic totally and it could be helpful to an extent. But it still puts the control in other people's hands. See how well prohibition worked?  I alone had to take control in order to succeed. ..But what a neat project!  Very creative. Tap that creativity. Sounds like you have some cool ideas. I agree you could use that for something even more productive in bettering your own life. 
This is true. And I'm not gonna lie I wouldn't be sad if alcohol disappeared!!  Would this be a self imposed restriction?  And how easy would it be to just unrestricted yourself?  The reality is that alcohol is literally everywhere I turn. I can't avoid it. All I can do is keep it moving. 
