-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jdwje/admitting_but_not_acceepting/

Hi all!..Been lurking for a while....Love this community...I have been getting around 30 days for the past 3 months before relapsing. I decide I'm good "in the wild" and think that *this* time will be different though it never is!..I can easily admit that I have an alcohol problem but I have a hard time accepting that sobriety is my new life. I don't know if that makes sense. It's so much more than just the absence of alcohol..It's changing my behaviors which I don't want to do...I drank almost every day (except for Sunday which was reserved for excruciating hangovers). M-Th I drank "professionally" - 1-2 glasses a night. Then weekends were blackout city. I think that if I can just manage my weekends that somehow I'll conquer this beast....But the point is I can't. I need that drink every day and I need to be obliterated on the weekend and I can't do it anymore...I'm mainly posting because I'm at 35 days and I want to keep myself accountible. But also to see if others have had anything similar. At any rate...One day at a time! I won't drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I can easily admit that I have an alcohol problem but I have a hard time accepting that sobriety is my new life. I don't know if that makes sense. It's so much more than just the absence of alcohol..It's changing my behaviors which I don't want to do...That sounds familiar to me. The way I try to deal with it is try not to think long-term about this one thing at least not so early on in the process. One thing I find myself thinking is: there'll still be booze in the world tomorrow. I don't have to drink it today.
I was a resident of blackout city.  I had a weekend place there as well.  I couldn't moderate or manage anything which in retrospect makes sense because if I could I wouldn't have blacked out on the weekends.  I was afraid to quit; afraid of what it meant if I failed afraid of how my friends would treat me (or if they would abandon me)...Looking back it was silly of me.  If they couldn't support me they weren't friends which was probably because I wasn't one either.  For the most part we were using each other to justify our drinking.  Bad stuff that happened to us was just something to talk about I can't honestly say any of us cared too deeply about each other.  That's what I was afraid to give up?  And having that meant I couldn't meet anyone else because we were embarassing crass and obnoxious.  Who would put up with that?..Yes I was afraid.  But eventually I started to grow.  I really like it now and I don't miss the old me.  It's exciting; change was tough for me but I don't know why -- not changing was making me miserable which was a reason I was drinking.  I like socializing now even if on day 1 this whole concept seemed so alien.  I got there one day at a time too.
I think what's different in my attitude now is that I've *FINALLY* come to accept that I cannot drink without dire outcome.  It actually brings me some measure of peace.  Now I don't have to do the maybe-I-will-drink-maybe-won't dance.  That was truly exhausting.  Not it's simply I cannot drink.  Period.  End of discussion.
