-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jfayc/boundaries_necessary_over_the_holidays/

Hi. I'm on a very proud Day 2 and plan to not screw it up with another relapse. :) I'm doing an intensive outpatient program going to hit AA every day and get a sponsor. I'm heavily invested. I want to beat this beast! ..Here's my dilemma...My MIL and I do NOT by any means get along. My husband pretty much killed the happy relationship dynamic between her and I by repeatedly reporting each and every one of our marital fights. Well you know how that goes....he forgives but she will never forget. It's common sense but the DH keeps doing it. ..I posted before I have some legal stuff coming up that transpired from drinking. She took it upon herself (because my husband of course told her all about it) to post crap on FB. I mean seriously this woman is 59 years old. Grow up! The stuff she posted was about how she hopes I get what I deserve and yadda yadda yadda. ..I was not a happy camper when I saw these posts. It's just mindless garbage that doesn't help anything! I was downright appaulled at her behavior but not surprised -- she's been a nasty piece of work from day 1. ..Anyway my husband who knows all of this stuff texts me to see if I wanted to invite her and her husband up for Xmas day. Um. No?.I told him that I needed healthy boundaries for my sobriety and frankly being around her wasn't in my best interest. I told him if he wants he can go to her place with the kids later in the day. ..He wrote back that he is angry and disappointed. I'm like seriously!? I'm not being selfish or vindictive I just know she makes me bat **** crazy and I can't handle that right now in my early sobriety. ..Thoughts? Am I being self-centered? Should I put my feelings aside? 
----------immediate responses--------

I would stay home. Probably for the best for all involved...
Congrats on Day 2.  If it were me in this predicament I would protect my sobriety (wellness) at any cost especially early on.  I would also hope that my loved ones would support that commitment since its in everyone's best interests especially in the long run.  Best wishes!.
I would say boundaries are necessary at any time of the year. It's not selfish for me to recognise my needs and expect others to respect them. Ignoring my feelings is what led me to drinking...She doesn't like you why would she want to spend Christmas with you anyway? The compromise you came up with (husband visits with kids) seems great - everybody's happy. You are only protecting your own peace of mind and that's healthy.
I vowed to skip any event that jeopardized my sobriety.  That wasn't always easy some of those events were tough to say no to for obligation reasons.  Still I always told myself -- if they are tough to deal with when I'm not even going how hard will they be to deal with when I am trying not to drink at them?  Hard enough that I'll reach for a bottle to use as a crutch?  I don't regret waiting until I was ready to start saying yes to all invitations again.
I say 'No no NO! A thousand times no!" as to whether you should put your feelings aside. But yes you are "self-centered" if that means you are putting your health and well-being first...It's like they say you have to put your air mask on first before you can take care of anybody else. If it helps your husband to understand you can kindly but firmly explain that you value your relationship with him and that you need to do this. You are not forbidding him from seeing his family nor judging him. We all just want peace especially as we're trying to maintain our sobriety...Your husband probably is disappointed that he can't have it all on Christmas. But one can only control one's own actions and environment. Hang in there and happy holidays - we're not drinking!
If he suffers some consequences for airing your fights with her maybe he'll learn not to do it. Stand your ground...And if he doesn't learn then at least you can spare yourself the unpleasantness of being around this toxic woman. He'll get over it or he won't. Not your problem.
It's clear what the wisdom of the group is showing here - you HAVE to protect your sobriety first and foremost.  Lose that and everything goes to hell in the proverbial hand-basket...Not to get all Dear Abby on you here but I just wish that your husband could understand a little better the consequences his actions with his mother have on you.  But I'm sure there's another Reddit sub for that sort of thing....  : )..Count me in as saying you are NOT being self-centered and your feelings matter and you should NOT put them aside.
