-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jjxg1/social_anxiety_alcohol_nye/

I'm at Day 2 today. Struggling for sure. I was tempted to drink last night but I powered through the craving...One of my biggest fears (and the reason why I keep going back to drinking) is because I deal with a lot of social anxiety. When I spend time with certain friends (not all) I feel like I need alcohol so that I can be more exuberant less anxious etc. I feel self-conscious around some friends when I'm not drinking...New Year's Eve is approaching and I feel anxious just thinking about it. One of my friends is visiting and I haven't seen her in several years. Unfortunately I am already anxious about her arrival and hanging out. I feel like I will "need" to drink to calm my nerves. I know that alcohol reinforces my anxiety though and I feel depressed and anxious (and guilty!) the morning after I drink. I think I have an alcohol problem because it is causing me stress and I worry "How will I be able to cope on NYE without it?!" Ugh...How will you guys power through NYE? Also how have you coped with social anxiety without alcohol? I am in therapy but I worry I will grow more reclusive and avoid certain friends.
----------immediate responses--------

What I would do is think long term.  Drinking is bad for anxiety.  And I would stop using the word need when you talk about drinking  it's not something that's needed.  It's something that is temporarily wanted.  Hope that day is manageable and not too stressful for you. 
[deleted]
For me I didn't socialise for a good month when I started off. It gave the the confidence that I could do it and having a month under my belt gave me another barrier to step over in order to drink...Personally you are new to this and I would do what's best for your sobriety at this stage and cancel your friend. This is a time to invest in yourself and take care of you and your needs. Putting yourself in a triggering environment when you are fragile is like sabotage if you ask me...Is there any way you can just spend it with someone who gets you and what you are doing? Have you explained to this friend you are no longer drinking alcohol? X
