-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jll73/holidays/

Just wanted to make a quick statement for those struggling through the holidays or fresh in their sobriety. Don't think you are alone holidays are tough even for me after all this time. ..I don't go to meetings much anymore but I don't consider myself a dry drunk. I simply moved a lot and haven't found meetings that click with me. I talk about being sober frequently because that is my working my program. I don't shy away from it because people always ask me questions on why I stopped drinking in my early 20's and how I could have developed problems that quickly. I drank all day every day for years and every night was blackout drunk. I had seizures from withdrawal and keep the two hospital discharge notices where my BAC was over .4..Holidays are tough I have memories and of course only think about the good ones not the ones like when I was found passed out at work on my desk in the middle of the day. This year alone I have had to pitch in for five separate "communal" gifts that were all alcohol related. ..My rock bottom days are something I think about every day on purpose. I don't want to forget what I've struggled through and what is at stake. I also think about the wife I met 6 years ago the two kids we are raising in the home I have purchased. I think about the family relationships I've repaired and the memories I can actually recall for a change. None of this was possible until I got sober and it is all at risk if I go back. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. You are an inspiration. Have a wonderful holiday and I'm happy to be sober with you  
[removed]
Thanks for your inspirational post.  The holidays are definitely not a holiday for those trying to stay sober they are the exact opposite of a holiday in that regard.  The pressure to drink is amped up....Congrats on 10 Years sober!  (a few days early but holy shit look at you!!!).
Wow.  Ten years.  That's really great.  :)  I will not drink with you today.
thank you! 
You are my inspiration today. It is not the holidays that cause my relapses though it seems they have all been during the holiday season. I always have this feeling of impending doom as the holidays approach. Thank you for your post. I won't drink with you today. 
