-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5jmbl0/day_14_exhausted/

Hi everyone today is my 14th day sober and I'm starting to feel exhausted every day.  It feels like I could sleep for 14 hours a day and everyday is a struggle to wake up.  Anyone have any experience with this?
----------immediate responses--------

Yep I'm on day 23 and am still finding myself suddenly exhausted.  I just lost all energy at 3.00pm today and have been thinking about bed since 7.00pm...It's not nearly as bad as the first few weeks. For me I just slept when I needed to whether that meant going to bed at 6.00pm or having a nap during g the day (luckily I work from home and have my own business so I have some flexibility and I've told my business partner what's happening so he cut me some slack).  Plus I decided that whatever I needed to do - eat sleep cry etc was all fair game for the initial weeks while I adjusted...Anyway from my experience it does pass.  I've got more energy in general and when I'm awake I am definitely thinking quicker and feeling more on top of things...Give it time and congrats on two weeks!!!
Yes this is very common. When I made 45 days I didn't start to feel more energized until Day 20 or so. Hang in there it gets better. I just listened to my body and gave it what it needed. Rest. I took vitamins too: Vitamin B Complex Calcium and zinc. It will pass. 
Yup!  And I still sleep more than I ever have.  And it feels great!  But it definitely took my body a while to regulate itself in that way.  I told myself it's because I never really got enough sleep I more passed out and slept it off or slept through a hangover and my body is catching up.  Or maybe it's because I'm getting old.  But either way yeah that happened to me.
I'm only a few days ahead of you and I feel the same way I'm going to bed earlier than I ever have and do not want to get up in the morning for work coffee helps for a little but then I'm exhausted. It feels a million times better than waking up hung over after 5-6 hours of sleep but I do hope I start getting some energy back in the future. 
Its funny I know I feel better now than when I did when I was so hungover I could not move but my mind is somehow trying to convince me that I don't actually feel that great right now and is it really that much different from drinking and being hung over.  Stupid brain.
Hah!  I DID sleep 14 hours on my second or third day.  I have noticed that I go to bed earlier and earlier most nights (I'm talking like before 8 sometimes).  I put my big boy pants on and stayed up past midnight (to keep a remote eye on a little party/reunion my 18 yo son was having).  That was 3 nights ago and I still haven't recovered.  So yup yup yup I do need more sleep.  The upside is that by going to bed so early if I do awaken at 4 or 5 no problem I can start working or just read/meditate/whatevvs.  If I don't feeling like leaving the warm comfort of my bed I can hang out for another hour or two.
Nutrition is a big help here. Monitor what you eat and drink to ensure you ate hydrated and eat enough during the day. I found that hydration is the most important thing followed by sugar if I am really crashing.
