-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k3kuz/struggling_with_the_feels_today/

I don't think it's Holiday related but who knows right? I've spent so much of my life just drinking the feels away (but never away they never "went away" they just went to the corner and waited...and waited) that NOW when they hit it's like BAM!! HELLO!!..I'm feeling sad/angry/regretful so strongly that I find myself panicking at the thought of feeling this way forever. My FIRST INSTINCT is Fuuuuuuuuuck this. I did not get sober to be miserable if this is what was waiting for me nevermind!! Pour mother a cocktail I'm done I'M OUT!!..I gotta remember that feelings aren't permanent and that I need to see them as waves let them crash over me and then let them move on. I've got to make myself still and trust that in just a little bit of time it will pass. It always does. Every time I do this successfully I become just a little bit stronger a little bit more in control. I make the choices my emotions don't. So yeah I'm sad this morning yeah it will pass and yeah I will not drink today...Happy Holidays from the struggle bus!!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting this experience and I am sorry you're struggling. Until the the wave moves along and you're that little big stronger I will not drink with you today!  All the best :)
I will not drink with you and I respect your resolve. You got this!..Have you ever heard of 'gratitude journaling'? It might sound kinda silly to you or hippy-dippy but I've been doing it on and off since Summertime and it has changed my life. I've been slowing down the drinking for the last year though I didn't commit to full sobriety until the beginning of this month (of which I drank 1 time) and was dealing with all the angry/resentful/sad stuff that really came from no where. Like shame and anger at my parents and myself.....Anyways gratitude journaling was a game changer. I would spend like an hour every few days drinking coffee and processing emotions. I don't do it more than a few times a month now and I am so much happier and lighter feeling. 
I've had a couple days dealing with the feels as well. As you said the feelings always subside but there are times where it is just really uncomfortable. Look at us feeling feelings and managing!
Feelz will be strong for many of us my friends. I remind myself how terrible the rebound anxiety will be
Yep a lot of us have the blues today! I'm not drinking with you. Hang in there Less chaotic times are coming. :)
