-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k4ajr/hey_you_yeah_youit_is_ok_to_not_be_ok_today_or/

But it is NOT an excuse to drink...The holidays are hard as hell for those of us who normally "celebrate" by drinking.  OR.....For those of us who have lost someone we loved this past year...Or..For those of us who are alone on the holiday...Or..For those of us stranded at the airport/train station/bus depot on our way home..Or..For those of us who have had our fancy holiday plans fail...our cakes not rise..our turkey burn to a crisp our family argue at the meal table or our gift be ridiculed by someone who doesn't know what a sacrifice it was to give them anything at all...Or..For those who are homeless and on the streets cold and hungry and are just looking for the gift of a warm place to go not for a brightly wrapped package...There are many of "us" who are NOT OK at Christmastime or whatever holiday you celebrate.....But it is ok to not be ok.  And our situation will not improve through relapse.  ..Stay sober my friends..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

This! Thank you for posting. It's a good reminder that drinking will not help anything. Drinking makes nothing better 
Thanks for the post been having a pretty miserable day but not drinking. 
Yep and it's just like any other day. Thanks Mouse.
Thanks for this.  
Love you Mouse
Thank you for this message. I've been finding this Christmas really tough and it took me by surprise. But not drinking is actually helping. I'll be not drinking with you all today. 
I'm with You !!
Thanks Mouse been a really shitty day and i need good reminder
a very big thank you to you. love this. i came here because i just made it a week sober now and i'm struggling. 
Thanks Mouse! Needed this today
Touch ! Wishing everyone a wonderful safe day.
I needed to see this right now. I'm not doing well with being alone for the holidays. 
Thank you for posting Mouse I'll not drink with you.
Thanks mouse! I needed this.
Thank you Mouse.    I needed this. It's been so hard today. 
Thanks mouse x
Thanks for the reminder. I was feeling a little sorry for myself today but I am fool to think that I have it that bad and also I did a lot of thinking about how I use drinking to "deal" with my emotions and that it solves nothing. Just pushes things out and make them worse in the long run. When I wake tomorrow I will have two weeks not drinking and that is a great gift.
Thank you!! 
I won't drink with you today 
Thanks.  Is it okay to just be sad when everyone else is happy? Drunk people everywhere. Does int really even matter. Just lonely. So. Damn. Lonely. 
Great post my first holidays away from home well not true entirely last year I was in the county jail. This year I am 500 miles away from home in another state and city after rehab. I am doing the sober living thing and I am at work currently and I couldn't be more at peace. I was without a solution last year and needed to be locked up it hasn't been easy but I've been giving another chance and I am not remotely interested in who I was. I am Really proud of myself right now and actually starting to tear up a bit thinking about where I was. So anyone reading this right now in bad shape it can and will get better it took me getting uncomfortable to start growing. Happy Holidays 
Thanks so much for this. Im finally on 30 days I don't know what to do with myself. All I know is drinking won't make anything better. 
Thank you.  Drinking never made a difficult situation better.  I managed to find myself embroiled in arguments with both my ex and my mom today (fueled by high holiday expectations of course) and while at mom's house helping put away dishes I took a hard look at the bottle of bourbon left out on the kitchen counter.  Nope not helpful at all.  That was the third argument I walked away from today and doing so was definitely to my benefit.  
Aug 20th was my last drink.  I nearly said fuck it about 2 hours ago...but I didnt.  That really snuck up on me quickly.  
Happy Christmas Mouse.  Sending you love and blessings for the holiday.
Thanks
Thank you for this
Good message...I am struggling with a lot of emotions this holiday and need to remember that drinking fixes nothing ever.
2016 was just a terrible year in general...My aunt died on Thursday and my family's away in California for the funeral. I'm a college student and can't fly out...I think I'll go to the beach tomorrow. I won't let drinking ruin my life and 2017 will be worlds better.
Tomorrow will be my 41st consecutive day of sobriety. No way am I throwing that away!
Thank you for this message. 
Stay strong everyone. As bad as you may feel right now think of how great you'll feel tomorrow morning knowing you didn't cave. One day at a time. One minute at a time if need be. Overcoming each obstacle will only benefit you in the end...I think we put too much negativity on ourselves with alcohol when in reality this process is such a positive thing. Look at all these emotions the human body is capable of. How are we to truly experience and appreciate the great highs of sobriety if we can't endure the lows. We are all capable and we will only grow with each minute that passes. I met someone the other night who came from a very poor place where he said he started making sandals at age 8 working all day long. He said a lot more but what I'm saying is we need to appreciate what we do have and each other and stay positive...I hope the best for each and every one of you. You're strong and capable. Merry Christmas everybody.
Well said.  Drinking hides delays and most importantly WORSENS the inevitable. What ever life throws at you drinking is never and can never be the answer. 
Having a tough night myself but I know it will be okay. Nothing a drink won't make worse! On a lighter note...how do I get the cool tag next to my name my sobriety days listed? 
Tomorrow is day 300 for me. Today has been the hardest day so far. Not drinking today.
I haven't read anything from you in a while. Great share mouse!!
Well said I'm 39 and I've drank for 21 years  I've been dry now for almost a year and this will be my first Christmas sober since I was 18.
This is giving me life right now. Thank u. I'm not okay but I'll make it.
Sums it up. The excuses will kill you!.
Hey thanks. I had a bad start to Xmas day my sleepy brain turned the oven to grill instead of oven and I have already managed to burn the skin. ..We caught it but this is the first time I am doing Xmas and it made me feel all the - I am a huge fucking failure and idiot feelings. I spent the morning of Xmas crying and feeling pretty shitty. ..But I will not drink today. 
Thanks mouse! Sending lots of positive vibes and love your way. 
Thanks for this. It's just what I needed to read. 
Hi Mouse! Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays! Congratulations on 950 days!!
Also for those of us at homes with families that drove us to the bottle in the first place.
You! Yes you! Behind the bike sheds. Stand still laddy! ... Pink Floyd Another Brick in the Wall..But seriously thank you Mouse for sharing. Christmas is tough with even damn Scrooge telling us how to think. I will not drink with you today!
