-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k61cr/christmas_sucks/

I'm getting close to 90 days which has been my point of relapse in the past and I'm about to go hang out with my terrible family of emotionally-manipulative alcoholics...I'm too exhausted by the thought to even say any more about it right now just lord give me strength.
----------immediate responses--------

Deep breaths. I try to remember my reasons for quitting in the first place and ask myself if this person situation feeling is worth losing my sobriety over. I'll not drink with you tonight...
86 days here and tomorrow is my big test. Christmas Day with my family away from my home and dogs. I just know if I can get through this sober I can do anything sober!..It's just one day. Just take each hour at a time each minute if needs be. That's what my plan is. Also I have no intention of them making me drink or me using them as an excuse for my weakness. It so easy to blame others for our choices...Stay strong! I will not drink with you today!
Sending Cyber-Strength...I always have an "escape plan" if I'm going to be around people who may be drinking to excess.  ..I remember that I cannot be manipulated without my participation...I remember that "I don't have to accept every invitation to an argument."..Finally and often for me more useful I *always remember* just because someone asks me a personal intrusive nosy probing question of a nature that either is none of their business or I just do not want to discuss I immediately say "Tell me more about your curiosity".  ..I *do not* answer their questions.  I am polite courteous respectful.  If I'm being 'interrogated' or just experiencing nosy relatives I pursue turning the conversation back on them.  ..Nosy Relative:  "Why are doing x_y_z?"..Me:  "Oh tell me more about your curiosity."..NR:  "Well I'm interested in why you're doing such and such."..Me:  "I'd like to know more about your interest in the topic.  Is that something you've got experience with?"...Etc. etc. etc...The other useful technique for me is when I'm experiencing "Unsolicited advice about what i should or should not be doing"..I look them in the eye and clearly in a pleasant tone say:  "I think you're wanting to give me advice and I appreciate what I assume is an intention to be helpful.  I appreciate it if that is your intent.  Let's agree to do this:  If I want some advice I will immediately come ask you.  Thanks so much.  Now how about those Bears?  What do you think about the Electoral College?  Pro?  Con?"..Good luck!
Good luck to you.  I always try to remember that it's okay to say "no" it's okay to leave early and it's okay to agree to disagree with the folks around me.  I am going to my mother's party tonight and I don't really know what to expect as she has invited a lot of neighbors and her friends.  I hope it's not uncomfortable for me but if it is I can always excuse myself and run on home..I will not drink with you today.
Hang in there! Wishing you luck. 
[deleted]
