-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k7ojq/holidays_checkin_christmas_day_2016/

Hope everyone is having a wonderful day!..We know that the holidays can be stressful so let's use this check-in to support each other during the day today Sunday...If you don't celebrate the holidays still feel free to check-in and let us know what's going on today!..Share with us your triumphs and struggles and we'll get through the day sober together!..Bonus: Fave holiday food!..-------------..Here's something fun: [traditional Christmas menus dating back to 1685.](http://www.foodtimeline.org/christmasmenu.html) I'm gonna pass on the calves'-feet jelly. Bon appetit! 
----------immediate responses--------

A second check in? ..Yes please. ..Consider me sober today!
I have so many favorite holiday foods but one constant is pie. I love the holidays for the abundance of pies!
Happy Holidays / Merry Christmas ! No drinking for me today (However I'll most likely be suffering a food-hangover tomorrow) ! 
I am not drinking today! I am hitting the road for a beach vacation. Merry Christmas and Namaste to you all! See you in a week.
Merry 'whatever you might choose to celebrate at this time of year'!..Staying sober with you all today.
Merry Christmas! I will not drink today. 
Not drinking. Merry Christmas everybody!
Won't be drinking with you today.and will quit using nicotine (swedish snus) today too :)
I will not drink today.
    Merry Christmas! 
Happy Christmas everyone. .Weird being able to give decent and wrapped gifts. Could get used to it though. ..Fav food: my usual starter smoked salmon cream cheese fresh brown bread and a squirt of lemon. Awh yes.
Merry Christmas all! My day is already ending (in An earlier time zone) sober and tucked up in bed at 8.30pm. Didn't drink today!!! Yay happy times 
Merry Christmas SD! Would normally be hungover today but this time up early and baking an apple pie for X-mas. (I hear ya stratyturd   ).Will not drink with you today! Yay!
Happy Christmas to you all...  today I will not drink with you
Happy Christmas to you all...  today I will not drink with you
Merry Christmas SD! I'm not drinking today. My sober Christmas Eve was incredible! I went to church alone at 4:00AM with my coffee and although it was closed I sat peacefully in the courtyard and gave thanks to God (or higher power) for my sobriety. This is the BEST gift. Ever!!!! :)
Merry Christmas! Today is going to be a challenge going to my brother's who shares my taste in beers. But he also knows I'm not drinking and told me yesterday he stocked up on Martinelli's  cidar. I can do this!..My favorite holiday food is sweet potatoes. Mom makes the good kind with lots of butter brown sugar and marshmallows on top and this year she's veganising them for me :)
I'm in! Slight meltdown this morning all good now. I will not drink today! 
I think Santa came by last night because my bowl of pistachios and most of a crave case of White Castle's are gone. That or church mice. ..Have a great day everyone! 
I will not drink today. 
Ho Ho Ho-Ly Day! I'm Sober Today!
Checking in on Christmas Day!  I will NOT drink today even though my FIL has invariably added Irish Cream or bourbon to my coffee cup while the kids tear open the presents...but he always asks for it first and this time I will just politely decline...First sober Christmas and so far I am loving it!!.
I will not drink today- I will enjoy sober me!   Merry Christmas!   
Merry Christmas one and all. It's gonna be a tough one for me this year...Mum is in the hospital after having chest pains and shortness of breath yesterday. I was with her and called the paramedics. It sucks that she has to spend Christmas in the hospital and I'll be running back and forth from there to home (only a mile away thank goodness) BUT no matter how stressed I get I am vowing NOT to drink today. Hold your loved ones close sobernauts!
Lets to this all in.  I'm allergic to alcohol since it ruins many lives. 
I will not drink today. Day 11. 
I cheerfully will not drink today - Merry Christmas to everyone!
Not drinking today!
I will not drink today 
Merry Christmas friends! I will not drink today no matter what happens.
Merry Christmas blah blah blah not drinking with you guys today!   
Merry Christmas all - I will not drink with you all today!
I won't drink today. 
Merry Christmas SD!  I'm thankfully not drinking with you today.
Merry Christmas guys  ..I will not drink today 
Merry Christmas! With the exception of some sinus issues I woke up feeling great this morning because I did not drink! And I will not drink today. Now let's get to those presents!
It is bedtime here in Australia - and I am knackered! ..I did not drink today even though there was multiple opportunities to and I feel so grateful that I could be present in the moment and spend a wonderful Christmas with my family. ..This sober thing is growing on me more and more each day. ..I will not drink today - Merry Christmas!!! 
Merry Christmas! ..I will not drink today! 
Merry Xmas SD I will not drink today
Merry Xmas SD I will not drink today
Merry Christmas ya'll! Did fine last night...Wonder if everyone else was easier or my sober perspective made the difference?! I'm going to enjoy my family later today and love on them. Maybe I'll feel some in return :).Sending sober hugs to all! 
Have a good day everyone. I woke up sober this morning for the first time in weeks and the freedom I feel from being sober really struck me. I will not drink today.
Not drinking today but will consume tons of the mac and cheese from scratch (butter whole milk mountains of sharp cheddar) that I'm about to whip up. I'm making a green salad as well so that makes it healthy right? Merry Christmas!
I will not drink today... just lots of seltzer!   
No alcohol today! I will be with friends tonight they will all drink 100%. 
I will not drink today. It will be fun and stressfully delicious day but I will not drink. Water for dinner please. Opening presents up at noon? I'll have a coke.
I will not drink. 
Happy Christmas! Making candied bacon now and I'm pretty excited! I will not drink today. 
Merry Christmas everyone! I will not drink today. :)
Merry Christmas SD! Today I will not drink! Waiting on the kids to wake up. This year they went out together and filled both my sock and my husbands. I'm curious what fun things are in there! But for now I'll just sit and enjoy my coffee!    
Merry Christmas. I will not be drinking with all of you today. Have great day. 
Merry Christmas SD!.I will not be drinking with you all today..I feel blessed to be sober on the glorious day.
I'll not drink today
Merry Christmas! I won't drink today.
I will not drink today with all of you wonderful people! 
Not drinking today but I think I need a second cup of tea.....
I will not drink today!
I will not drink today!
Not drinking today.   
Merry Christmas I feel truly blessed to not be drinking with you all!!!!
Nice christmas morning...woke at dawn for meditation on the dock in Maine.  plan to spend the day not drinking and eating cookies...Peace and Joy..M
I used to enjoy drinking wine and watching the Yule log. I still enjoyed it last night minus the wine. I will enjoy Christmas dinner sober today and no worries about who's going to drive home.
Feels so great to wake up Christmas morning clear-headed and fresh. Yesterday was very tough but I did it. Let's do it again today! Merry Christmas and not drinking today!
Love you guys! Despite minor setbacks didn't drink yesterday and will continue to not do so today! Merry Christmas to all!
Last year I drank on Christmas Eve and don't remember it being particularly enjoyable. Likewise for Christmas Day. This year I didn't drink on Christmas Eve and plan to not drink today either. I know that I'll be offered wine with Christmas dinner and I plan to decline. My FIL makes his own wine and it's a major source of pride so I'm already feeling a little weird about it. I'm also nervous my in-laws will think I'm pregnant because I've never been known to decline a glass of wine. I just keep telling myself that if I don't make a big deal out of it no one else will either. 
Full speed ahead to a new year &amp; Happy Holidays to all of you :)
Merry Christmas! I am not drinking TODAY! 
I made it through a big family gathering last night where I was the only one sober. My kids are playing with all their new gifts right now and we are getting ready to head to the in-laws about an hour and a half away. It's always pretty miserable up there and I use to get drunk every year on the way up there but not this year. I like my sobriety too much.
Not drinking this Christmas day! 
This is the last forum I read before I sleep and the first one I read in the morning. So grateful. It's been a huge part of getting to 9 days for me. Thank you! And I won't be drinking with any of you today. Merry Christmas! 
Hi everyone. Yesterday was tough but I made it through so I think I can make it through today too. I'm not drinking today.
I won't drink today no matter what happens good or bad. Thank you for the check-in! Merry Christmas everyone!
day two : ).
This will be my most challenging day so far but I WILL NOT drink today NO MATTER WHAT!!! Merry Christmas SD! So thankful for you all!  
I'm all in. Alcoholism doesn't take holidays so neither does my commitment to sobriety --- one day at a time.
No drinking for me today. I'm checking in for accountability - I know I'll be offered a drink more than once today but I must stay vigilant. I want to be sober and make it through today knowing that I am. Merry Christmas!
Happy Holidays everyone! I am happily getting ready for the Christmas morning festivities with my daughter niece and Mom. We are out for a hike later.  What an amazing feeling to be up early coherent and excited about the day without the hang-over fog and the paralyzing anxiety.  Thank you SD!  Best wishes to those of you who are struggling in any given way over the holidays - as it can be a very difficult time.  Wishing everyone peace :)
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all. I hope everyone has a wonderful weekend filled with love laughter and happy times. ..I'm spending my day with my furbabies. A trip to the beach with my pup will likely occur soon. ..I will not drink with you all day!..Oh my favorite holiday food is basically everything  . I can't pick just one! 
Not going to drink today. But I will consume 7000 calories. 
So many relatives have been pushing alcohol on me. "You're allowed to have a few on the holidays" I've been strong so far and know it'll be worth it so I'm not going to drink today.
I am going to eat so much food today. Passing out from too much food is way better than any other type of pass out!  Merry freakin Christmas!
Another difficult family day with lots of drinking and lots of expectation for me to drink. Not drinking today.
Merry Christmas SD! I will not drink today.
Merry Christmas I will not drink with you today
Working then off to my family's for Christmas dinner and a Harry potter marathon with my siblings :-)  I will not drink today
I will not drink today no matter what happens.
Not drinking with all of you today.  Merry Christmas everyone.
Merry Christmas  Grateful for my sobriety. 
No matter what I will not drink today! It'll be challenging this evening but I'll be checking in. Happy Holidays!
Merry Christmas all! Taking in the season sober has been a blessing! Here's to remembering everything tomorrow and for years to come!    
It snowed in Christmas for the first time in years. Also sober on Christmas day for the first time in years. Starting to feel better hope everyone is doing well. 
I am coping I will not drink today!
Doing well will not be drinking today. 
Merry Christmas all. No champagne toast this morning but did make a passably decadent eggs benedict. 37 days and 10% of the way to one year.
Last Christmas I was seriously hungover and I couldn't fully enjoy opening presents. This year was so much fun. I'm staying sober today!!!  Thank you SD! 
Happy Christmas and Holidays to all on this sub.  I will not drink today.
Happy holidays.  Will be working and not drinking today!
I will not drink today!
I will not drink today because I have no hope or real-life when I'm drinking.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Today marks the beginning of doing the real work. Day two. .Taking it one hour at a time. I will not drink with you! I can still enjoy Christmas sober!
Merry Christmas! I will not drink today. Sister even got me some sort of cranberry seltzer water. 
Merry Christmas guys! I will be staying sober today...Fave holiday food: bacon atm. On everything :D
Last night was amazing! Today I woke up with a feeling of tremendous gratitude and a touch of humility. Yesterday I had dinner with my parents and by the end of the night I was in tears. I couldn't believe how happy I was. ..This year has been rough. Going through a divorce getting sober and taking back my life. It feels like I've been to hell and back. Some days are harder than others but last night add more fuel to the fire. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for all of you. ..So today I make that vow along side with all my fellow sobernauts. I will not be drinking today. Merry Christmas SD!
I'm the first one up this cold morning (but no snow) sitting with my coffee and still-sleepy [pup](http://i.imgur.com/0CeuTzt.jpg) by the fire.  The [stockings](http://i.imgur.com/I2AxOmf.jpg) are hung (the real stuffed ones are by the bedroom doors); [the tree](http://i.imgur.com/HdXTJvO.jpg) is stocked and looks beautiful...I am not hungover and I am not drinking today.  *This* is peace. Merry Christmas to all my fellow sobernauts.  I send you all blessings for peace love and joy..
Not going to fall off the "sleigh" today! Not going to drink! 
I will not drink today.
Merry Christmas!  I will be sober with all of you today
I will not drink today! Woke up sick so I will be spending the day in my PJs.
Happy holidays SD! My sweet GF got me multiple kinds of craft coffee and all of the accessories in support of me having a different drinking focus. I hope everyone is having a beautiful day with those they love regardless of what's being celebrated or not. I will not drink today with y'all!
Happy sober holidays! I'll not drink today. I will go hit up a particular Jewish deli because it's a really fun tradition!
In. Not drinking today. Merry Christmas SD!
Not drinking on this lovely Christmas Day :) ..Going to be fully present with my family. ..Last Christmas took down more than a bottle of white wine and was a bit obnoxious. No one drinks white wine in the family but me so I know they bought me a bottle for tonight and I know if I have one or two glasses I'll want the whole thing so I'm just going to politely decline. Will say let's save it for next time. :)
Happy Christmas everyone! I'm drinking delicious cold brew coffee today but I will NOT be drinking poison. Triumph: yesterday I went to my first recovery meeting and had a great experience. The group was very warm and welcoming and we did a 30 minute meditation followed by a discussion. I'm so happy I finally took that step and am already looking forward to the next meeting. 
My mom got me a ton of wine for Christmas. It's my own fault for not telling her about my sobriety but now I feel really bad... she was already upset because the gift she got my hubby was one she didn't think he'd want... Any advice? I'm a little lost. No I haven't told her yet.....Edit: well I told her. It's her favorite wine anyway so it's staying here. I know its silly but I feel bad...
I will not drink today. I am enjoying a hangover over free day on Christmas for the first time in my adult life and will enjoy the sun and a walk on the beach. For the first time I am looking forward to eating Christmas dinner (usually my stomach hurts too much).  Merry Christmas my sober comrades! Thank you for all your post and wishing you all nonalcoholic  cheer
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah friends. I will not drink today!  
My Chistmas gift to myself is not drinking today!
  FTZ!
I messed up yesterday. It was silly but I will not drink today! x
Whooooo last night was a night! I feel so accomplished! I will not drink today.
I will not drink today.
Merry Xmas y'all!  Not drinking today!!!..Fave food?  Probably green beans and mashed potatoes with gravy.
Merry Christmas everybody! I will not drink with you today!
Finished the presents. On to the meals. ..Won't eat too much while I'm not drinking at all. Stay safe and happy out there friends!
Fuck Christmas. My SO and I were just going to chill at our mutual friends' house today. No stress just some food and bubble waters. SO's mom was MAYBE going to come but as of yesterday was too sick...So this morning she calls and says she's coming after all! 3 hours notice. Rude as fuck. Now my friends are stressed (they had some other surprises too and they've never met SOs mom) I'm stressed and my SO is pissed off at me. After 2 meltdowns and a near panic attack and a lot of bad vibes I think we finally figured out what's going on...So fucking pissed. I really want a drink. Fuck this bullshit...EDIT: I fell asleep happy and grateful as all getout excited to have a chill day. I'm trying to calm down and just go through the day but I'm now stuck in an awful anxiety loop. ..EDIT 2: aaaand she just showed up over an hour early. Pray for me. lol
Sober today and no desire to drink!..Soon I will be visiting a friend who also has stopped drinking.  This time he won't be the only one not drinking.
Not drinking today!
Merry Christmas SD family!! I won't drink with you today. Let's do this!! 
I will not drink today!
I am quite depressed and anxious today but Im staying sober at least. This will be my first sober christmas. And I have declined invitating to go drinking yesterday and for tomorrow so Im happy about that because a few months ago this would not happen. Merry Christmas everyone and good luck with today.
Boxing Day check in here! I will not drink for the next 24 hours.
I will not drink today. 
I will not drink today. I wish the same for anyone who is trying.
Merry Christmas you sober animals! I will not be drinking today! 
Merry Christmas I will join you all in not drinking.  Eternally greateful to the founders and continuers of SD.
First Day 12 for this clown since I honestly can't even remember..BEST.  CHRISTMAS.  PRESENT.  EVVA!!!..I LOVE YOU FOLKS SO MUCH!  :-) xXx :-)
I will not drink today!
Merry Christmas! One week today. Best gift I ever have my myself and everyone around me!!!! I will not drink with you today!
Phew.....made it with a lot of effort. This was a massive day for me. Instead of drowning my sorrows with booze I faced the aniexty negativity and drama full force and ended up having a good time.
I didn't drink today! That's all I got!
Merry Christmas SD! I will not drink with you all today!
I will not drink today. I'll go to bed at 6:30 if I have to but I will not drink today.
I just had a moment of wanting to drink today and I think it's because my family is done all their Christmas stuff and all my friends I am talking to online are drinking and I am feeling bored. I also don't consider myself an alcoholic but don't like who I am when I drink. I will not drink today; I think posting this will help. I didn't drink last night at my big family gathering and had a great time and drove others home safely. 
Merry Christmas! I won't drink today.
Merry Xmas!  My little family of three ( me my boyfriend and dog) get to spend a week on the farm. We are going to eat ham and watch Ponyo! Love all of you thank you for all of your support and kindness! I will not drink today!
It's mid afternoon here and my family has brought out the champagne. I haven't told them the real reason I quit drinking  instead just said it was to help with weight loss. I'm having ginger ale in a pretty glass so I can feel festive too. Here's to my first sober Christmas in six years.
No drinking today! It was kind of hard last night as a relate relaxation with drinking but I know that's not true. Happy Christmas SD! 
Merry Christmas SD! I got a soda stream from my wife. She wasn't even thinking about what a great gift that is for someone in recovery. I will not drink with you all today!
Good thing the liquor stores here are closed today I feel like I'd have given in already. But l guess if I get through today by default it's still a win...Merry Christmas and to anyone else spending it alone stay strong.
I will not drink today.
Not drinking today. 
I will not drink today!   Merry Christmas SD folks and families!.
Been with the family for about fifteen minutes and I'm already getting a little stressed. Not going to drink over it but just wanted to tell someone. 
Merry Christmas! Not drinking today.  Sober but struggling a bit. My toddler twin boys have been wild all day &amp; cooking for everyone has worn me out.  I am more than a bit frazzled but that doesn't mean I have to drink- that won't make anything better. Praying for a happy safe &amp; sober Christmas evening for you all.
Late to the party but I had to check in.  Merry Christmas all!  Not drinking today.
Happy Christmas to All. I worked last night got to see my kids this morning to exchange gifts and slept fitfully for the first time in days!! Getting ready to head to work in a few with my coffee and water....I will not drink with you today.
I will not drink today.
We did it!!!
Merry Sobermas folks! I'm chillin' with my older brother and playing Halo I got him an Xbox One for Christmas and I'm proud of it! I win best brother of the year award haha
Having trouble resisting but still haven't had a drink. Still working on weaning off the other drugs I use (Kratom Adderall xanax ambien) with good success- down to zero- 15 mg/day Adderall 0 Kratom and .5 mg xanax. No alcohol for almost a week now. Merry Christmas all and good luck!
I will not drink today! It has gone quite smoothly everyone has been supportive...Merry Christmas everyone! I am so thankful for this plot of Internet it has been a great help.
I will not drink today. Merry Christmas!
I will not drink today
252 days down looking forward to that year mark.  I will not drink today.
Merry Christmas no drinking for me
Family time can be rough when everyone drinks but you. I didn't drink. And won't 
Made it through Christmas with out drinking alcohol!  I'm ready to face Monday tomorrow. I am being patient and kind to myself and my husband tonight. No drinking for me today. 
Checking in! It's 11pm here. My PJ's are on my teeth are brushed and I'm going to bed sober. Best christmas gift I've ever given myself. 
Last year on this day I was sitting in jail facing a felony DUI charge I got another chance with probation until 2020. On January 30th I got on a plane and went back to treatment  outpatient. ..It hasn't been easy no one said rewiring over a decade of hard drinking behavior was going to be but they also didn't say it was going to be this hard either but whatever. I ended up back in Inpatient for 25 days over the summer which was made me realize it is hard for me to stop myself now. My current badge reflects the momentum I have now. Since I've been here I've managed to get an IT job got some money in the bank. A bike to ride to work and a few friends in recovery. I've been at work since 7 am this morning and from the pictures I've seen posted on social media from my family they are happy and enjoying the day which makes me happy in tears. Last year was devastating but tonight I am so happy about where I am right now. I am not resting though I still have a long way to go to salvage this life as I see fit. Thank you for reading and Happy Holidays. 
Still sober everyone! God bless you all and Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas to all and  to all A I wont be drinking tonight. 
Checking in SD.  At in-law's house booze wine and beer everywhere but none in me.  Thank you to this sub.  Merry Christmas to all.
[deleted]
Happy christmas (boxing day now) SD! I hope everyone's having a wonderful day. .It's been a lovely one. I cooked my first ever christmas dinner skipped the turkey and made a chesnut mushroom spinach and goats cheese Wellington. It was edible. Lots of laughs dogs and love today. Finished it off with going to a drag bar and toasting with a cranberry and soda as a bearded lady sang christmas songs. Certainly one of the more interesting Christmases I've had!
I will not drink today 
Presents created elation when I was a kid and then being able to drink all day was the joy as I got older. Now I am trying to find a different joy. Being introspective and thankful for my friends and family isn't flashy and doesn't create elation but it does make me feel good. Christmas #2 sober ain't so bad.
I made it.  Dec.  26th here.  Pretty stress filled day.  But I am home and...  sober!  Also got some rad gifts...Lasagna.   Not Christmas food you say?   It's Xmas damnit.  I can eat whater tf i want! 
Not drinking today or the next 24hrs!
