-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k9l6x/at_my_wits_end_unable_to_piece_together_a_good/

I'm just at my wits end. I went to residential for five weeks in July-aug. then lived out of state in sober living and going to a very well known outpatient clinic. I went to at least five meetings a week on top of that. I moved home due to financial reasons. I had three and a half months clean and sober. I relapsed a week or two after being home. ..Now I'm home and back into outpatient three times weekly seeing my individual therapist and going to a meeting once a week (working on going to more). My therapist wrote a referral to a half way house but the waitlist is two months...I'm just at a loss. I don't know how to stay sober. I Last a week or two then relapse. I'm into a wide array of substances too so I deal with cravings for many of them. ..I'm a 21 year old that has been in treatment multiple times and going to meetings since I was 19. I've had so much therapy but I don't know why I keep relapsing. I have a theory it's because my support system is kind of lacking...I don't think anyone will read this I'm just looking for some life advice from those who had stayed clean and sober. I really want this.
----------immediate responses--------

You say you're into a wide array of substances? I used to be massively into weed as well as booze and fapping. It wasn't until I quit all the above that I realised it wasn't anyone drug that I had a problem with I was addicted to that instant dopamine rush I'd get. ..I'd recommend looking at your substance use overall and SLOWLY tapering off the lot. Its going to be hell on earth but only with a completely sober mind can you fight this and start replacing your dopamine addiction with oxytocin. A hormone similar but with a slower on set. Activities like exercise meditation and being out in nature promote oxytocin. 
[removed]
[deleted]
I can see you're fighting the good fight and genuinely want this shit behind you.  For me I dedicate 1-2 hours EVERY day to working on my sobriety.  Whether that's reading here on SD or reading a book or watching youtube on the topic of not drinking.  When the craving to drink hits me I take a walk or a nap or come here to read.  I also indulged in whatever sweets my heart desired.  Lately I've moving to eating all kinds of nuts and more exercise.  The most important thing: Don't give up!  
I used Naltrexone for the first two months (combined with therapy support SD etc.) to help me learn how to live without drinking. I didn't do the Sinclair method or tapering but abstinence. It helped with the cravings. ..My 22 year old son is planning to try Naltrexone via the monthly shot Vivatrol when he gets out of rehab for opiate addiction. But it is part of the larger program. I believe that other dopamine triggers like weed and other mind altering substances are a slippery slope to all back in...But I'm still learning and fighting the caffeine addiction the stress food the anxiety and depression but they are dealible...Edit: spelling drugs
Regular attendance at AA meetings is good but in my opinion you don't begin to tackle the reasons for drinking until you get a sponsor and work the steps. Have you tried that? I threw myself into that because like you I was completely hopeless and didn't know what else to do. It has been life changing for me. Also by hanging around AA I've built a huge support network of sober people on whom I can rely if needed. I now have a large group of sober friends I hang out with outside of the meetings as well. That is absolutely crucial for me. ..Is that what you meant when you said you suspect that your support network might be lacking?
