-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5k9nvd/325_days_not_all_without_alcohol_but_still_a/

In 2015 my drinking escalated to every single day.  I drank one then two small glasses of wine a day then three ... then half a bottle.  When my habit crept up to 3/4 of a bottle several times a week it scared me.  ..I didn't have a major screw up that I could tie to alcohol.  No DUI or close calls arguments embarrassing moments - I just felt like I shouldn't do this.  I never had a clear goal in mind and I still don't.  I just wanted to feel like someone whose life wasn't controlled by alcohol...On February 4 2016 I nursed my last bottle dry after squeezing five days out of it.  I had urges & was preoccupied with not drinking for several months.  The yearning gradually lessened & I got more & more comfortable not drinking...Then my grand daughter was born & in September I had a glass of wine at dinner celebrating her birth.  It was OK.  I kept to that one glass & could tell you how much every single person at the table drank.  It was a big event for me that one glass and I enjoyed it.  The following night I had two sips from my son's glass & felt terrible guilty about it.  That was not good...I went home & didn't drink or struggle with not drinking.  In October I made spaghetti sauce with wine.  I bought one of those mini boxes.  Half went into the sauce & I drank the other half.  I'm guessing it was two glasses.  It was wonderful!  I got a buzz & danced around the kitchen peeling tomatoes & garlic & chopping & dicing & had the time of my life.  It was really fun!..In November I celebrated an early Thanksgiving with a friend & between the two of us we almost finished off a bottle of wine.  It was delicious the conversation was fun and we watched a movie.  The following morning I poured out the inch left in the bottle.  I didn't feel great about drinking that half bottle like it was a waste.  I might have had just as good a time without it...Then on real Thanksgiving I had three glasses of wine over about eight hours.  Yes & no to that - by the end of the day I was awfully tired.  There were a lot of people babies much cooking & cleaning & there was a minor disaster with a new mom who ate mashed potatoes with milk when she's trying not to drink it because they think her baby's allergic to it ... Hmmm.  The first glass was fun.  I probably could have skipped the next two...The following day I had two glasses of wine.  Total waste.  We were all tired & the wine made me drowsy & I didn't like being the grandmother blowing wine breath into my grand daughter's face.  The next day I had one glass.  Another total waste. ..That's it.  That's all I've had to drink in the last 325 days.  I guess drinking while cooking is a blast for me but drinking while socializing isn't quite as much fun...I'm not quite over the urges & yearning for a glass of red now & then.  Right now as a matter of fact.  But there isn't any in my house. ..I don't know if I want to always not drink forever.  I know I don't want to be drunk grandma.  There's something very unattractive downright ugly about that.  But I don't want to be teetotalling grandma with the drinking problem who others have to be careful around.  I want to be grandma who nurses a glass of wine & it's all cool three or four times a year...I want drinking to be like chocolate cake with peppermint ice cream & hot fudge sauce - a wonderful guilty indulgence every now & then...I didn't reset my badge for any of the times I drank because I never felt as if I lost the battle.  I didn't like that I drank three days in a row at Thanksgiving but I never felt defeated by it. ..So here I am 325 not completely totally sober days into this journey but feeling proud & victorious anyway...Merry Christmas everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

If that's all I'd had to drink in the last 325 days I'd be over the moon! I think you should be very proud of yourself not only for your large periods of sobriety but also the self awareness you have about how Drinking in different situations makes you feel. When I'm not sober I immediately stop being present and don't take stock of how I feel and why which doesnt end well. ..Merry Christmas! I hope you're 2017 is as successful as your 2016 sounds from your post.
This is what I struggle with. I usually go in phases. Right now I'm 7 weeks without a drop earlier this year I did 6 weeks then 7 weeks again with nothing. I'd say for the most part taking time off helps me realize that I don't need booze but it also makes me really enjoy the indulgences. They creep up on me and before I realize it I'm meeting people at bars instead of coffee shops or absentmindedly having a drink with dinner/happy hour with friends etc. ..In a way stopping completely is easier than moderating. There is a very distinct line between having or not having booze the line really gets fuzzy around moderation. Ironically I've been off sweets while I've been off booze and THAT is harder for me in some ways but easier in others. I KNOW that I can't just eat one cookie off a plate of cookies put out at the office or one piece of pie over the holidays but with booze I might be able to have just one or two beers and be fine...Congratulations on your year of cutting back. I'd love to be able to account for every drink I had in a year. 
[deleted]
This isn't a drinking in moderation page. Making excuses for your drinking and still claiming 325 is bullshit...
I'm offended by this post. This is not something that people who are seriously looking for help with a dire problem should read or even think is ok. ..Sorry but get real
[deleted]
I'm sorry about all the negativity you are receiving. Quite frankly people are forgetting the rules of this sub and it's sad to see. Honestly there is probably some jealously involved as well. I'm glad you found a system that seems to be working for you just be careful! 
And take your "want your drinking like hot cocoa and chocolate" shit out of here. ..WE DON'T WANT TO DRINK.
I'm sorry for you that juniormysenior is having a temper tantrum here.  It takes away from what you accomplished.  I hope I get to where you are with drinking.  I have to take not drinking at all one day at a time.  Is moderation like that for you? 
