-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5kmcfz/im_26_and_sometimes_i_believe_that_i_have_not_hit/

I was sober for 1 year barely. then I badly relapse for 3 days and a second time for 6 six days. I lived with my parents so that's a problem when I was drunk. They don't know how to deal with this so when i drank I just told them it will passed just needed time and I did. I stoped. The thing is that I live in Peru and here people think that you're and alcoholic only when you are homeless and asking for money in the streets...I got my deadly situations with drugs bad people and shitty friends. Somehow i still believe that there's more that and can expirience in that shitty life stye. I always wanted be a writer or a songwriter always believe that i have to put myself in the worst situation possible to have something to write or a story to tell. That always come to mind when i'm bored or when i'm happy whit my sober life...Sometimes I believe that i will never be completely sober. I will relapse from time to time that really scares me. That's why it will be best if i don't have a family i will disappoint them somehow. But that just stupid. I have to worry about the present if I do good today then it will be fine in the future. If i relapse i will get something form that and be better but i will not drink today. I tell myself that everyday. Whatever happens i will not drink today maybe have a smoke and a redbull but no alcohol. Just have to live it day by day but then again i miss the destroy bohemian days. ..I will not drink today with all of you. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Well you don't have to wait for rock bottom if you feel the need to stop now. ..But you mentioned something really important that isn't mentioned much on this sub and that is that culturally in Peru and other Latin American countries alcoholism is rampant but is not seen as a problem unless you are living in the gutter somewhere. ..Hoy no tom  contigo!
I was a very self destructive person myself. Figured if I was doing alright at the time I'd need something to shift so I'd work my way out of it. Challenging myself to crawl out of that hole. I would land a stable job be happy all the time find a good girl then shit would hit the fan. All my own doing. In reality I was never really that well off nor happy and I could have had much more in life if it weren't for my distractions. Since becoming sober (despite a small relapse) I've realized that we as humans have so much potential. The gift mother nature has given us with our incredible minds just goes to waste. With your creativity aspect how can you say you would be more creative with your senses dulled than without? That's all alcohol does dulls each and every one of your senses. I'd be hard pressed believing that you cannot come up with better material completely sober than going through hell first. It's coming from the same brain after all. ..I do a lot of drawing and song writing myself. My vocabulary is so extensive while sober but when I'm in a phase of drinking I  for lack of better words sound like an idiot. Ever write something shitfaced then read it the next day? 9 times out of 10 it's garbage and almost repulsive. From the sounds of it you've already had low points no need to create more. Just expand on what you've already experienced with the help of sobriety on your side...In the end it will be your decision but you have every source available at your fingertips to achieve anything you want in life. SD is an amazing community filled with support. All you need to do is take advantage. You sound like you have the right idea by just focusing on the now and that's all there really is to it. I will also not drink with you today.
Glad you're here and sorry to hear about your struggles...Something I've experienced and observed in others -.."If I continue inviting alcohol-associated consequences into my life it's only a matter of time until I hit rock bottom."  ..Alcohol intends to ruin my life and then kill me.  Sometimes the order get's mixed...There's a saying - "Bottom is when I stop digging"..I hope the best for you!
My rock bottom was when I quit digging...
