-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ktal8/christmas_relapse_how_do_i_convince_myself/

I'm a binge drinker for the past year I've drank excessively almost every weekend with only a few breaks here and there. Intellectually I know the only real fun I've ever had was while I was sober but when the cravings hit it feels like alcohol is the only fun thing in the world...I was sober for a month before Christmas but once the holidays hit I felt like I HAD to drink to enjoy it. Ended up being a miserable Christmas where I was drunk or hungover the whole time...My husband drinks with me. We made an agreement yesterday to stay sober for the entire year of 2017 and this is our day one...I keep having these thoughts that every holiday this year is going to suck our vacaction is going to suck weekends are going to suck there's no way I can have any fun without drinking. It's silly because while drinking was fun when I was younger these days drinking is only fun for the first two beers or so then I just get drunk and bored. The anticipation to drink is way better than the drinking itself. It's like what I'm actually addicted to is the anticipation that I'm about to do something fun. During the times when I had to go a couple weeks without drinking it felt like I was just endlessly waiting for the day I could drink so I could have "fun" again. I'm so tired of my life revolving around alcohol but right now it feels like there's nothing else that could be as good...Any tips for changing this crazy mindset and learning to have real fun again?.
----------immediate responses--------

The anticipation is actually part of the reward system programmed by dopamine. It's an insanely attractive part of using. Drug seeking behaviour is rooted in very strong biological drives. ..I realized that to break this I needed to act and behave differently. ..This meant changing my patterns. Quite honestly I didn't drive past my old haunts I didn't go near bars or liquor stores. ObviousLy I couldn't avoid it all but that doesn't mean it's a losing battle...The serenity prayer tells me to change what I can. I did...I also started to engage in mindfulness and used a program of recovery to help have new ways of feeling excitement. ..The drive to my one year AA anniversary was almost as intoxicating as driving to the beer store. ..Life became exciting again when I grabbed what I could by the balls and let go of the rest.
I had the same fears when I stopped drinking but knew I needed help. When everything in your life revolves around drinking it's hard to imagine doing anything without it...Honestly the main thing that has helped me is This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. There's a link to the ebook in the sidebar. She really frames it in a way that starts to convince your unconscious that the sauce isn't all it's cracked up to be. It's a really great read...I also need to go back and read it because it takes time to convince the unconscious mind that all of the conditioning its received about how fun alcohol is is wrong. Part of what contributed to my own slip  few days ago.
For me it was time and experiencing those events that my mind told me would be terrible without alcohol. I try to make a special note of anything awesome or fun that I am able to do that would have been impossible while I was drinking...&gt;The anticipation to drink is way better than the drinking itself...I relate to this so much! You should check out This Naked Mind by Annie Grace (there's a link to a free copy in the sidebar). Not only does she talk about the anticipation being better than the drink but she also talks in depth about learning to have fun again without alcohol and how to change your mindset. It can be a bit preachy (especially the first bit that all self help books seem to have where the author has to try and convince the reader that their book works) but the information it has is awesome and I think it will be relevant to the questions you're trying to answer.
Sometimes I think that being sober is like having super powers - I can stay up late get up early eat whatever I want have less stress more energy -- all without consequences.  In many ways it's *way* more fun then when I was drinking. 
So one trick that has been working for me for the past week is basically acknowledging the thought and letting it pass...I get this thought that by not drinking I'm missing out on something.  I realize that I had that thought and just gently guide my mind back to where it should be.  To what it was doing before that thought crept in.  Whether that's a conversation work book tv show driving.  Whatever.  Just bring it back where it belongs hold it steady and let go.  ..At first I had to keep steering my mind back.  I'd get it there let go and a few minutes later that thought is coming back.  ..But in just 1 week it's almost automatic now.  The thoughts that I'm missing out are less and less frequent and I can get myself back on track with hardly any effort.  ..Here are the keys for me:..1. Acknowledge the thought is there.  Don't ignore it or it will stay there and keep annoying me...2. Neither fight it or give in to it.  I think I'm missing out on fun?  Ok let's get back to that report we were writing.  If I agree with it then I'll probably pout for a few hours going deeper and deeper in my own head.  If I fight it well I'll lose that fight.  No way I'm going to convince myself that I'm not missing out.  I'm an alcoholic so logic doesn't work inside my own brain when it comes to these things.  The more I try to tell myself "seriously dude it's not as fun as you think" the stronger that feeling of missing out gets.  It's so bizarre.
Do you have to convince yourself of that? I'm sure that skydiving is an amazingly fun experience but I don't do it because the reward isn't worth the risk. I remember exactly what a nicotine buzz feels like and I enjoyed it emensely but I'm not going to start smoking again because I know the fun part doesn't last and pretty soon all that's left is the chore of the habit. The same goes for drinking...It's been 629 days and there have been many moments when I knew I would have more fun if I was drinking. Especially in the early days but even fairly recently. I suspect it is a thought that will plague me for a long time.  And that's OK. People drink alcohol because it's fun. It feels good it lowers inhibitions. I don't need to deny reality to stay sober I need to *accept* the reality of who I am and how I react to alcohol...What keeps me sober is knowledge of the reality of what happens *after* that moment of fun...Recently I was at a dinner party with some old friends - true friends not just drinking buddies but friends who unfortunately a lot of our shared time together was spent drinking. They know I am sober and support it they don't push drinks or give me a hard time or anything like that.  ..At one point in the evening after dinner we were telling stories and laughing and having a great time there was a point where I realized everyone was a few drinks in and starting to feel it. At that moment I knew if I had a few drinks I would have a little bit more fun than I was having without it.  ..But here's what I also knew:..I knew that after a few drinks at the party I would be stopping on the way home for a bottle of vodka.  I knew that the next day I would be hungover as shit. I knew that in a few days I would get another one and do it again.  I knew that within a few weeks I'd be back to drinking a handle of vodka every three days...I knew that I would soon be hungover every day at work. I would not be able to keep up with the house maintenance. I would let down my kids and disappoint my wife. I knew that I would soon be back on the path towards ruin that I had left behind so many days ago...All that cost for one moment of fun. It's just not worth it. ..Remember why you quit and be honest with yourself about what happens if you drink again. It really doesn't matter if it is fun or not..........
