-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5kxp14/my_thoughts_on_the_last_100_days/

Outside of my fianc e and a friend who recently quit too I've got no one else to share this with except you guys. I never thought I would make it this far and figured I'd make a post about how my first 100 days went because even though everyone is different this is exactly what I wanted to see when I got sober in the beginning...Background: 29 year old Male drinking for 8 years one or two drinks on weeknight a near all day affair on the weekends. Hard drinking for about the last 4 years. Never any legal trouble or work trouble - your classic "Functioning alcoholic". .  .*  My first month was incredibly physically straining. I went from someone who had very little caffeine to needing an energy drink during the day to function and that included the 10 hours of sleep I was trying to get. I say trying because especially early on I would sleep in 3 or 4 hour increments. Drinking dreams were common during this time period and they bite. I started taking melatonin when I needed it and that helped immensely. I barely take it now (except when I travel). Most days I would come home from work drink some sparkling water and veg out to Netflix with frozen pizza for dinner before hitting the sack at 9:00. .  .* My second month allowed for me to get more natural sleep and less reliance and caffeine but brought in a new "problem" - my energy mood appetite everything was increasing week by week but it was doing it sporadically every day. So week 5 to 6 I could tell I had more energy my mood was getting better etc but on a day to day basis I would yo-yo back and forth between where I was during week 5 and my "new" week 6 levels. This was actually the worst for me. I ate whenever I felt I could because 30 minutes later I wouldn't be hungry again for 2 hours and then I'd have a 20 minutes window where I would be then nothing for a couple hours etc. Take that one aspect and stretch it out over my mood energy and everything else and this was a different kind of exhausting. I'd say I evened out around day 70-75...* I spent a lot of time during Months 2 and 3 thinking about why I drank trying to get to the root of my psychological issues. Sure at the surface I drank because of a long day at work and I needed to unwind or I wanted to relax or I was stressed but a lot of that boiled down to "I have anxiety and depression centered around trying to be perfect all the time". This helped me get some bearings and I read/watched some things that helped me change my mind from "I have to be perfect when I do this or else it's not worth doing" to a mindset of "As long as you're trying it and making a real attempt to move forward/improve that's all you can really ask of yourself" or put another way "Try to be better than you were yesterday". .  .* The first two months were focused on just keeping my brain away from drinking. I read a lot of books (specifically a lot of Marvel comics but that counts) during this time frame and played a lot of "time sink" video games. I found out my craving window was around 20 minutes and that if I got a craving and could keep my brain distracted for those 20 minutes 90% of the time I would be fine. Usually when I got a craving I'd get a can of sparkling water and make a big deal of the "ritual" of pouring it into the glass and listening to it pop and fizz over the ice maybe squeezing a little citrus in there. This was something I missed from booze and doing it this way tricked my brain just enough to feel that satisfaction from the ritual..  .* I spoke primarily to my fianc e about my issues and stuff I read here but when one of my friends said he quit I turned all that stuff over to him. Both of us walked a very similar path and I told him about what he's got to look forward to and he reminded me of my early days of my own sobriety and how much I hated them. ..* My anxiety and depression went way way way down. It took about 2.5 months to get back to a "normal" feeling or at least a stable feeling because I haven't felt "normal" in at least 5 or more years. But again I was spending most of my day thinking about why I was doing this to myself (I'd say at least 4 hours a day so after month and a half of that I was like "I better start feeling better because I'm mentally exhausted everyday). .  .The past two weeks which are really the gauntlet of the year as for as sobriety goes have been decent to me but I also tried to push myself early on into events that had drinking around them. I went to a wedding less than 2 weeks sober for two of my good drinking friends where I slammed tonic and limes all night and no one thought twice about it (since it looked like booze must be booze right?). I've gone to a couple Halloween Parties Thanksgiving day meals and an Ugly Christmas sweater party as well as just seeing friends casually who were having drinks. I kind of was of the idea that a "Baptism by fire" would be best for me to get over this and it was and it wasn't. Each event that I went to strengthened my resolve and made it easier to turn down drinks at the next event. But each also made me feel very awkward in my new role. Did I sneak away and take a nap during that Halloween party? Yes I did. Did I hit up this sub a few times during that wedding? You bet. But as time went on I became more comfortable with this new lifestyle choice...Yesterday we exchanged gifts with my family and I went to a large liquor store in our area to get something for my dad. I knew what I needed and was in and out in 5 minutes but it's still a pretty touch experience for me. I've got a White Elephant gift exchange party tomorrow and I'm trying to find a gift that isn't booze themed that is still good. So is it still a tempting problem yeah it is. Is it something that I can't bear with? No I'll get through it. ..So what actually worked for me this time because like most of you I tried to quit before and relapsed and just said "I was just taking a break" and laughed it off as I proceeded to drink more and more. First off I actively used this community early on. I read This Naked Mind which was the biggest help. I also read "The Power Of Habit" which helped me identify my drinking triggers and rework those (usually by replacing the booze with sparkling water or soda). Lastly but most importantly I thought about where I wanted to be in 5 years 10 years 15 years. What would my perfect life be like? I'm getting married soon and kids will be on the way. Do I want their first memories of me drinking at breakfast or being too hungover to play with them? Did I want to get healthy so I could be around for them for as long as I could? These questions were easy to answer but when I looked at my day to day habits these  dreams would stay dreams unless I made some serious changes. ..So in conclusion am I happy I did this? Absolutely. No doubt in my mind. Was the beginning way shitty? Again absolutely. But did it get better as time went on? Yes it did. For all you Bojack fans out there (or even you aren't) there's a great quote that goes like this "It gets easier. Every day it gets a little easier. But you got to do it every day. That's the hard part. But it does get easier." I hope it gets easier for you today. ..Good luck out there. 
----------immediate responses--------

100 days is a huge milestone - congratulations! Sounds like you're doing great.
That's awesome.  Stay strong.
Wow.  Just wow.  Your posting couldn't have come at a better time for me.  I'm nearing the end of my first (very long) month and starting to get antsy about... everything related to this transition in my life.  You've painted a perfect road map for me to keep in mind in the weeks and months to come.  I simply cannot thank you enough for that...I'm pressing that little Save button under your posting so I can read this a few more times.  I would also nominate your posting for that Sunday Solution thingamabob over on the right side of this site.
Great post.  I can relate to so much of it.  I'm inspired by how self-aware you seem to be.  I made it over 6 months a couple years ago and have been off and on ever since.  I think I need this sort of careful reflection to make it stick.  Thanks.
Thanks for taking the time to share your story. Coming from a similar background as yourself and this post gives me comfort. 
Great post and congrats
Congratulations on your journey and thanks for posting about it! It's really helping me on my own journey to hear about the timelines of your challenges victories and just the regular times.
This post made me really happy...I relate so much. 28 year old male who was a "functioning alcoholic."..Twice there were incidents where things went badly. And then after a night of heavy drinking at a family christmas party I just decided to quit when I woke up the next morning...Reading journeys like yours really helps me stay centered. Thank you and congratulations.
