-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5l8wp6/34_trips_around_the_sun/

It's 3:00 am on NYE for me so it's technically my 34th birthday. I haven't posted or really commented since just before Christmas bc I've been really struggling a lot with my depression and anxiety. Although I had a pretty good Christmas overall--one of the best I've had in years actually--I got some not-so-great news from my dad about his health and about plans that affect me. I think mostly bc he didn't come here after all I really didn't have much of an urge to drink for the days leading up to and including Christmas & Boxing Day. A couple of my siblings and my mom were here. I had some sparkling grape juice and some cranberry juice & ginger ale punch. I actually felt pretty normal about not drinking since nobody else had anything to drink that whole week either. But it's been back to just me and my sister since Monday night...I have always hated my birthday and my depression and anxiety have just snowballed in the last few weeks the closer it has gotten. The cravings for alcohol and the urge to completely numb myself til the holidays and my birthday have passed have been crazy strong in these last few days...I know I can get through this bc I don't currently have access to alcohol so it's kind of a default situation. There *is* a bottle of cooking sherry in the house somewhere that used to sit in full view on the kitchen counter that I would stare down on some of my bad days as a reminder that I *can* do this. But when I started really struggling (when I joined this sub) I asked my sister to hide it from me. And I haven't broken down and tried to look for it...But damn does this whole "sitting with uncomfortable feelings" thing suck right now...I'm mostly posting this to get those feelings out. I don't have a good idea of what I'll be doing with my life in the next couple of months never mind the next year. But in a year from now--no matter where I am or what I'm doing I hope that I'll look back here at where I am at this moment. I hope I will recognize and appreciate that I'm stronger than I usually give myself credit for...One way or another I *will* get through today. And I will get through it without drinking with any of you.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I plan to join you today by not drinking! Hope your day finds a way to make you smile inside and out :)
Glad to see you back here you've been missed x..It sounds like you're having a tough time but it also sounds like you're coping really well.  That takes incredible strength...It's so hard to see things clearly when depression and anxiety takes hold but from where I am I can see you doing an amazing job. ..We're always here for you if you want to vent rejoice get some encouragement or just hear from a friendly stranger...You've got this you're doing it and you're inspiring others as well. Thank you for that...And happy birthday!  May this be one of many many sober free and happy birthdays to come. 
Sorry it's been difficult lately. I won't drink today in honor of your birthday.
Great job posting about it that takes strength right there to expose your thoughts and feelings. I'm sorry things haven't been that great lately. I can't know what the new year will bring but I know for me when I drink things stay stagnant at best. I wish you a happy and sober birthday I'll not drink with you today.
Happy Birthday!  Congratulations on your success!..Have some coping techniques?..&gt;But damn does this whole "sitting with uncomfortable feelings" thing suck right now...When i find those swirling thoughts running 'round and 'round in my head I write them down and tell the truth about them.  Usually they are my mind lying to me.  Hint:  "everything about the future is either 'I don't know' or 'false'.  ..For instance my mind could be telling me "You know you're always going to be like this" (whatever "this" is)...That's False.  It can't be known.  When I can see on paper where my mind is telling me things that are either false or can't be known right now that's my mind deceiving me.
