-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5la1wm/after_40_days_i_relapsed_and_i_have_no_idea_why/

Everything was going so well. Finances are starting to look better and more in order relationships were starting to repair themselves and everything else was seemingly falling into place...I've been alone all week this week and I was definitely not ready to deal with it without a support person by my side. My girlfriend is my main support but she's been out of town and difficult to reach when I needed help the most which kind of sucks but it's not an excuse. I used this site to help me for the first few nights to remind myself that drinking was not worth it but last night was different. I had a very strong urge that almost became well if we're being honest definitely became too much to handle. Before I knew it I was at the store buying myself some whiskey and coke and had my first drink poured before I could even just sit and think about it. They're not kidding when they say it's important to get into a healthy routine have a good support system that can be there 24/7 and to just resist the first drink. ..I'm sorry to let you down SD but it happened and I'm definitely not going to miss the daily check in's going forward. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's not easy to stay away from something you enjoy. I just subscribed and asked for advice on how to quit. I suspect we'll all slip every now and then. I'm a whiskey man and I'm trying to kick it. You've had a relapse and being alone the boredom is the likely catalyst. You see that and recognise it. You'll be ok.
40 days is awesome hopefully you learned something last night that will help you prevent it next time.
You didn't let anyone down. Just get back up and try again. Don't beat yourself up too much shame is what causes a great deal of relapses. Stand up. Brush off. Start again. 
[deleted]
When I get urges I play the tape forward in my head and see where I'll end up: hungover and ashamed. Then I load up stopdrinking or distract myself with one of the million new projects I've picked up so I don't drink. Sometimes it's painfully boring or I feel like I'm missing out but as long as I stay focused on all the positives from abstaining it makes it easier. Recovery is not a straight line don't be too harsh on yourself. 
Sometimes I feel like I was specifically addicted to whiskey. Something about it that I still think about. I never think about any other booze...Hang in there and don't worry! I restarted many times. AA meetings have helped me a lot.
Lessons were learned and you're back on the sober train - that's all that matters.  
No one is let down and don't be hard on yourself.  What happened yesterday is now officially in the past and you're here now.  Getting sober is not always a straight forward line. I still had some learning to do before I totally quit.  This time of year is particularly bad and triggery for me - especially New Years because I was always drinking a lot with the intention to quit on the 1st and my brain still thinks this is a good idea.  Happy New Years to you
Thanks for sharing about your relapse. I am a "feeling good five-day-er" and the reminders about being vigilant are important. I went to my first AA meeting last night. Scared as heck but it was helpful. They gave me a list of phone numbers of members to call and a hotline number just in case. It is nice to have that security blanket just in case. Best wishes for a healthy sober 2017. We got this! 
I relapsed plenty of times. But I kept getting back on the wagon. Each time I relapsed it just solidified the fact that I will never be a moderate drinker that when I drink I drink to get drunk. I realized I don't want to feel like shit anymore. Happy New a year and I will not drink with you today!
Am guessing that you learned something in your sobriety and relapse that you will reflect on going forward.  Call it experience and move on.  Out of curiosity have you read any books on sobriety?
I also fell off at 40 days! Next morning I had to do some serious damage control. I will have 3 weeks tomorrow and I have more momentum than ever!
i just relapsed after my 40 days over  christmas. youre not alone. shit happens. be aware of your breathing and where you are right now. youre alive n human. we all make mistakes. now just eat some cupcakes and be kind to yourself.
