-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5le1x3/2nd_sober_new_years_eve/

Tonight marks the second sober New Year's Eve. It's an amazing experience being present for the good times. We did some bar hopping with another couple. Close friends. It would have been very easy to make it an 18-22 drink outing 2 years ago. We started with pre dinner cocktails at one bar then headed closer to home for dinner dancing and drinks. I truly enjoy watching my wife and my friends have a good time. I have a good time as well. It also give the opportunity for me to DD and make sure my loved ones come home safe. ..What I still struggle with are friends that don't know how to relax and enjoy their drinks around me. I don't care if they drink party on it's their life. They almost come across as unsupportive. Snappy or punchy comments about "Well what are going to do ". "You can have one drink" "I can't see how your having any fun. ..Congrats to those that didn't drink it's me this evening! Cheers to a sober and amazing 17.
----------immediate responses--------

Happy New Year!..And I cannot wait for the day I can be totally comfortable and happy in a drinking atmosphere while being sober.  Thanks for giving me something to strive towards..
Nice job. Have a great 2017.
This was my second sober new years as well. I took a trip out to the lake with my girlfriend and a couple other couples. Instead of picking one unlucky drunk driver I was able to make sure everyone could safely hop around to the different parties we all wanted to check out. It was great night and I had an awesome time with everyone while drinking a couple energy drinks. We are all hanging out at my place now laughing about last night's shenanigans and getting ready to hit the hot springs. I'm very thankful for having such a great group of friends that understand my decision not to drink. I still get people asking how I'm able to have fun but I'm able to brush those conversations off.  Congrats on your sobriety and have a great 17!! It's going to be another great year. 
