-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ll1c5/reset_the_badge_3_months_of_work_failed/

Ok so I "relapsed" at a New Years Eve party. I thought I could celebrate New Year by drinking some wine. I really didn't drink much it was maybe half a bottle or 3/4 but.....1) It didn't even taste good. It was leaving unpleasant burning sensation and horrible aftertaste...2) Instead of getting foolishly happy my mind got foggy and started working poorly. ..3) I had a hangover on a next day. I woke up with a headache and felt terrible for the rest of the day. It seems that 3 months of abstinence drastically lowered my alcohol maintenance. I should mention that I was eating that night so I really got drunk by half of a bottle of white wine. Also I drunk this amount in the time of 7 hours not in 15 minutes. Still. I can't drink...4) In the middle of the party I got triggered by some unpleasant situation. I started to feel terrible and I wanted to deal with it in the only way I know: by switching to vodka. It was only for my amazing friend who persuaded me out of this and reminded me that I was planning to drink only white wine. I agreed with him but I was so angry with him for not pouring me vodka that I thought to myself: well maybe I have a real problem with this.....My thoughts on the topic are: I really can't drink. My alcohol tolerance dropped and I can't set boundaries with it. So I better stay out of this. Also it has a terrible taste! ..I have no regrets because I didn't do any stupid things. I would have done if not for my amazing friend but I'm lucky to have him. I didn't smoke cigarettes even after drinking which is amazing. It means I really got it this time. And now I know for certain that drinking isn't fun for me. :) I'm even glad for this hangover and for that my tolerance is so low now. So I sober on for good this time. ..P.S. I should print this out and hang on my wall - after some time I can forget this again...P.S.2 Oh I should mention that I have GAD so addictions are very common among us... Well I also learned that GAD mind + alcohol + triggers don't mix up very nicely. :)
----------immediate responses--------

I reckon that sounds about as good as it could have done when you tried drinking again. It reaffirmed the reasons you quit without a huge disaster. Sounds like you've got a good friend there. Welcome back! 
I'm sorry you have that feeling of failure despite all those sober days your rockin' self accumulated...To me this night sounds like an inadvertant success.  After all you were able to reencounter many aspects of alcohol which now abhor you!..And no major harm done fortunately...I bet you are excited to give this another shot =)..We are in this together.  I won't drink with you today.
I had many stops and starts and attempts to control but whenever I took that first drink the same exact thing resulted: I craved more and then drank heavily. And this happened the very first few times I drank at age 15. At age 15 I was a good kid. I respected my parents and was nice to people and I did well in school sports and music. There was nothing *spiritually* wrong with me. I didn't have any more "character defects" than any other human being. I was just a normal good kid. ..I say this because so many false beliefs swirl around alcohol both in the drinking world and in the 12-step one. My problem with alcohol has always been a physical one. My body reacts a certain way when alcohol is introduced into it cravings for it begin and I drink heavily. One was never enough. I've been that way from the very beginning. It took 21 years to accept that I *can't* drink. It's lethal to me because I *can't* control it. Lord know I've tried...This doesn't make me a weak man. It doesn't mean I even have to work on myself spiritually (though I do). All it means is I simply can't drink. I have to stay away from the first one and do whatever it takes to do so. If I don't I will eventually drink my life away get DUIs maybe end up in jail get sick and possibly become insane (wet brain). That's just the cold hard truth. I accept this fully without shame and with no need to justify it to anyone in my life. I was born alcoholic. So what I can't drink. Not a hard burden to bear at all. Water and coffee suffice. :)
It happens to everyone. When I drank after a few months off nothing terrible happened but like you I also woke up with a cloudy the next day and realized how much I missed the feeling of waking up with clarity and energy. I also noticed when my friends were throwing away half-finished drinks which was a huge bright glowing red flag reminder to myself that I have a problem with alcohol. ..I'm glad you realized that drinking isn't for you and that nothing terrible or embarrassing happened. I'll gladly not drink with you today.
You're not unique. I've seen GAD disappear in many many lives after a brain/gut normalizes. Seems to take between 1-3yrs.
I had similar thing earlier in 2016 ending a stint of abstinence with a single beer - that's all it takes. The important things... recognizing it's only a 'battle' lost and you are able to make clear self-observations to learn from as you move forward. Good luck!
I posted about this yesterday simply b/c my 2016 ran similarly. I spoke with my father about my lackluster performance in my efforts to quit and he provided the following perspective: Paraphrasing he explained to me that 2016 was my 1st year that I attempted to quit drinking and it didn't go perfectly. He explained that it was okay. He explained that I am quitting something that I have relied on for everything (celebrations failures love heartbreaks lifts losses- coping essentially) for over a decade. He explained that it will take time. He explained that this scotch will be my last drink ever. He explained that 2016 was my 'crawl'. He explained that 2017 will be my 'walk' and 'run'...Use 2017 to 'run'. ..Good luck and congrats on starting up again.  
It's not a failure if you can learn something from it. It took me a number of stops and starts to 'get it.' I like the idea of printing it out and reading it. I keep a journal for that reason. Long after I've forgotten how bad it was all it takes is a quick read through to remember why I don't drink anymore. Good luck!
Thank you for sharing. It sounds like you have a handle on it this time around. I love the idea of printing out your post as a reminder. I don't have a tattoo but maybe a little wine glass with a big red X through it on my wrist wouldn't be a bad idea as a reminder for when I am tempted. Ha ha! I wonder if anyone has something like that? 
I have GAD PTSD and ADHD.... I COMPLETELY understand what you mean in regards to these illnesses fostering addiction. It's funny because I leaned on alcohol so much for help with all of those things but i am able to manage them and deal with them so much better without it. :) I feel like you just realized the same thing. 
