-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5llxsx/one_year_no_booze/

It seems like a lot of people on this sub by the time they get to one year are in a place where they can simply check in and say thanks rather than indulging in a bunch of warmed-over masturbatory self-reflection.  Well I am not most people!  In the words of Adam Sandler: "I have a microphone and you don't so you will listen to every damn word I have to say!"  I am going to try and give an honest assessment of what this year has been like for me and where I am now.  For two reasons 1)  this sub has been the only place where I have been consistently honest which I think is important and 2) maybe somebody just starting will read this and take something helpful from it.  (I can practically see the old-timers rolling their eyes and making dismissive wanking motions behind my back.)...A year ago I was exasperated by the mundanity of my life.  My girls were 1 and 3 at the time my job wasn't satisfying the expectations I had for what I thought my career should be and I  did not think my relationship with my wife was as fulfilling as it should be.  In other words I couldn't stand my life.  I could get by with what I was doing but I took very little joy in life.   I wasn't sure what was going wrong exactly but I knew that I hated my life as it was.   I was working so hard with the kids the job the wife and the house and I was squandering the little time I had for me drinking and recovering drinking and recovering....Instead what I took joy in was alcohol.  When could I drink?  How much?  How often?  I was obsessed.  I had both the mental obsession and physical craving. Most weeknights I would drink about 10 drinks; double that for the weekends.  Needless to say I felt like shit all of the time.  From the moment I took my kids to daycare on the way to work until i could get a couple of beers in me my brain spun off in all different directions planning scheming bargaining justifying.  I was by turns boring and disappointing to my wife.  I came to resent her too.  I felt trapped.  The walls were closing in and I would never be a free man.  In the words of Louis C.K. "My wife is crushing my sexual identity and my kids are eating my dreams."...I resolved to stop drinking for a year one year ago.  All last December I took in recovery podcasts bought books got drunk as fuck a bunch of times in preparation for the big quit (not recommended).  When the big day came I stocked up on my favorite foods and set about the business stopping drinking.  ...I started to feel better pretty quickly.  In a couple days I was pretty convinced I had overreacted by declaring that I would not drink for a year a familiar feeling that would follow me on Friday afternoons for the first couple months.  I know a lot of folks are not believers in the "pink cloud" phenomenon but that was my experience.  Early sobriety in some ways was kind of a magical time pregnant with possibility.  I dug out the guitar and started playing every night.  I even started playing harmonica.  I gave some serious thought to my career struggles and also to my relationship with my wife.  I checked in daily at SD encouraging people and seeking encouragement....As winter turned to Spring the simple act of staying dry got a little tougher.  I fell ass-backward into some weed and slowly that became a part of my life.  (If that is going to be an issue Dear Reader I refer you to Mr. Sandler's quote above.)  In retrospect Spring was a tough time for me and alcohol cravings the weather was turning warm and I was getting a little distance from the last time I peed somewhere that wasn't a toilet....By the time summer came along I started to feel extremely lonely not drinking.  Backing up a little I am 33 and my first attempt at sobriety came when I was 18.  Off and on I went to AA for a couple of years but I was never able to string much time together.  This time my plan was to do things on my own but if I needed AA or thought it would help I would go.  By June the only people I had seen who weren't drinking booze on a Friday and Saturday night were my kids (who are 2 and 4 by this time).  I decided to go to AA and I'm very glad I did.  I didn't get a sponsor or work the steps but Thursday and Friday night meetings gave me a place to go and be around sober people who were doing inspiring work on their lives.  (I saw a beautiful young woman pick up a white chip at nine months pregnant and held her baby a few months later.)  Being around those folks felt like home...By this time I was heavily into meditation.  Stealing time for a sit whenever I could I was meditating around 1.5 hours every day.  Without getting too weird I came to discover what people meant when they say "we are not our thoughts we are not our feelings".  I always thought that was nonsense.  Of course we are our thoughts what else is there.  Without realizing it I had been a pure Cartesian dualist.  In time through direct meditative experience and studying of different teachings I came to reject this concept.  I now believe that life arises dependent on existing causes and conditions and those causes and create the illusion of individuality when in actuality we are the thing looking at itself like the parable of the blind men and the elephant...The fall brought depression which I could no longer ignore.  I saw my doctor and was prescribed an anti-depressant which I continue to take under his care.  Before I got sober I thought these type of medicines were the kinds of things designed to make people keep buying more medicine (and I still have some worries about that.)   But now I kinda think maybe I'm just one of the folks who needs these medicines...The holidays came and went and I'm reminded of Hemingway's quote about going broke that it happens "slowly then all at once."  Just like that the year is over.  I had hoped that if I could get through the year I would not want to drink anymore but that appears not to be the case...More than anything I think this year has given me a perspective I didn't have before.  Growing up and in high school I was a big fish in a small pond (academically speaking).  I went to a rural high school and with the help of parents committed to education did really well.  I scored a bunch of points higher on my SAT than the next kid at my school and it happened at the worst time.  Right around that time I was creating my myth.  When I went to college it quickly became apparent that i was just one of many.  Most bigger high schools (where cow tipping is not something people do) churn out a bunch of kids just like me but smarter.  I couldn't let go of the notion that I was exceptional.  Limping through law school drunk and my early career as I got married and we had kids I kept waiting for the Really Big Thing to happen to me.  When it didn't it was as though life had let me down over-promising and under-delivering.  ...Now I know I was looking in the wrong place.  There are teeming worlds in that mundanity that I overlooked.  In matters small and large how I understand and interpret the world teaches my children.  I can be cynical or grateful.  They can watch me treat their mother with love and respect or with indifference and resentment -- that shit fucking matters.  In work I can be a competent professional who makes the days of those I interact with easier.  I can be open and available to loved ones and on my better days to all I come in contact with.  I can show my wife that I care appreciating the gift that she has given me as the one to share the intimacies of her life.  ...Where I clung to my expectations about what life was supposed to be about what I deserved that's where I suffered.  How limiting if I were the one to decide my experience!  It's a big beautiful terrifying world out there and I can't wait to see what tomorrow brings.  ...I'm so grateful for this sub as well.  Not all of us trying to get better can check the boxes of the recovery programs that exist now.  I'm frustrated by recovery models that continue to let us down en masse.  From my first day when /u/VictoriaElaine welcomed me to the multiple times during the year when things were very dark and many posters took time out of their day to share the light with me this place has felt like home to me.  Godspeed to those just starting and those who have gone before.  Thanks for giving me a sandbox to play in.    .
----------immediate responses--------

I would love to pull out a few quotes from your post but the whole damned thing was just so good!..Setting aside your writing style (which I thoroughly enjoy you'r choice of quotes alone was wonderful but the whole thing was just fantastic) I really appreciate that you took the time to show us what your journey has been like...I love hearing from people who have made it a year (which seems an age in my newly sober mind) - it does more than give me a sense that this IS do-able it also reminds me that it's not all good all the time but by accepting the tools resources advice and opportunities I have at my disposal I can do it too...Anyway congrats on year 1 and thank you I hope to post something like this on my 365th day.
Congratulations! What an honest beautiful post. You are an inspiration :) I will not drink with you today! 
Awesome. Congrats!!..&gt;Where I clung to my expectations about what life was supposed to be about what I deserved that's where I suffered. How limiting if I were the one to decide my experience! It's a big beautiful terrifying world out there and I can't wait to see what tomorrow brings...That's a great observation. I'm sticking it in my stopdrinking quote bag. :)
this is a great post. i barely made any wanking motions at all. ..congrats and good luck. keep doing the work. 
Well done and nice post.  Out of curiosity did you stop the weed?   Did it help at all?  Though I have not had any in over 30 years I have considered it....I relate to much in your post and really hope I can make a year and beyond.  Thanks for posting...
&gt; I can be cynical or grateful...This has been my biggest lesson I have learned since starting my sobriety...Thanks for sharing it makes a difference..
So many good things in this post that I saved it. I was talking about expectations just yesterday. In years past I always wanted a NYE party that played out like a feel-good movie always wanted a partner to be this way or that always wanted my efforts to be rewarded exactly the way I envisioned they "should" and if those things didn't happen well then everything was ruined and I was depressed about it. Or some variation of that. How much better life is without expectation. I realized with a new clarity  yesterday that a huge part of being truly present and mindful involves living without expectation accepting things as they are. Expectations extinguish the opportunity to truly know who I am taking to and truly take in the present. And alcohol exacerbated that...Thank you for sharing your story and insights. You gave me a lot to think about today as well as inspiration and encouragement. 
Wow. Thank you for sharing that...My drinking too was attached to a lot of what I thought I was entitled to a me just saying "fuck it this makes me happy". It made me miserable ..Congrats on a year!!!
Great! I'm normally a good writer but when I write here it's always dry and confused. I reread myself and think "fuck it I can't do better" and hit submit...Your writing is really good there's something in the way you wrote things that people wrote a million times before. You made it sound good and funny and appealing. Kudos for the Louis CK reference my favorite comedian who say things we all feel in a completely honest brutal and funny way. I know we're not here to talk about writing style but I wanted to point that out...I think my problem with writing here is that I want to say too much and I end up repeating (just as I'm doing right now)...Good writing and happy to see you fought your struggles.
King you made me laugh &lt;got drunk as fuck a bunch of times in preparation for the big quit (not recommended)&gt;... and you brought tears to my eyes &lt;They can watch me treat their mother with love and respect or with indifference and resentment -- that shit fucking matters.&gt;. Thank you for sharing and best wishes on your continued recovery. I look forward to more words of wisdom from you as I begin my journey. Happy to be not drinking in the sandbox with you today.   
Amazing post!  Thank you for the story  the inspiration  and the laughs!  
Love this. Congratulations.
[removed]
Fantastic post! Congrats on your year and thanks for taking the time to (grab the microphone) and write this all up for us.
This was great thanks. 
Keep coming
Thanks.  Excellent piece of writing. 
This is a really gorgeous post.  Thank you so much for sharing your insecurities and your path here.  Congratulations on a year!
beautiful share.  thank you and congrats on one year!
Beautifully written.  Thank you for taking the time to get up on your soapbox. :)  A lot of that resonated with me.  I'm on day one looking to do a month and then maybe a year...In the past when I've taken time off the bottle it's been great and then the "ok now what?" feeling comes in.  Without a head appearing in the clouds saying "hey dufus do x y z" I usually ended up slipping back towards "killing time" at the pub.  It's like I expect the universe to shower me with all kinds of awesome things simply because I stopped drinking.  It's that self-centered selfishness that I'll be keeping a wary eye out for this time...Thanks again and best wishes to you for another year under your belt next January.
I appreciate you taking the time to share a more detailed perspective even though you are so far along on your path to sobriety.  It is very helpful for us newbies to imagine what it will be like for us to reach such ambitious milestones.  Congratulations on your year of sobriety I look forward to being where you are someday!
I hope to have a year in 11 months. I usually get to 4 or 5 months then drop the ball...I also found the same things to be true during meditation. Buddhism is essentially a 1200 Year old recovery program and can be used in a secular way which is nice. Any suggestions on meditation books/teachers/practices would be great. Thanks!
I don't stick with these long posts usually cause I immediately don't identify with the feelings and experiences. Your story really spoke to me though. Thanks for sharing and congratulations. As someone who once quit for a year and a half (almost two years) keep up the good work. I hope to be sharing in this same sort of story in another 300+ days.
&gt; I kept waiting for the Really Big Thing to happen to me. When it didn't it was as though life had let me down over-promising and under-delivering...Holy shit man. I am just starting this journey but I think you finally articulated something fundamental at the root of my problems.
Way to go.  One year!  Wow.
Thanks!
Thank you so much for sharing your experience with a year free and sober. It's amazing how much self reflection one can have when not under the influence of alcohol. I really appreciated reading your story and everything you've learned so far. I hope to be there myself some day.
Thank you for this it gives me hope! You should be proud of yourself! 
I did listen to every damn word you had to say and it was terrific! Thanks for taking the time to lay all this out like this. In every post where people hit a year I hope to pull something from myself out of it and I actually see a lot of myself in this post so it was very good to read. A LOT of similarities here....especially the BIG THING thing you know? ..I also appreciated your comments on grass I have unfettered access to some of the best of the best medical grade bud wax you name it that a person can get (college friends are investors and growers in Colorado) but I've had to make the decision that sober is sober primarily because I'd ease down from a big high with a bourbon....which led to 10. FML right? I think I'm actually happier this way - sober all around that is. ..Anyway I can't tell you enough how much I appreciate your story and the time you've taken to tell it and I applaud your year of sobriety. Well done!
I needed to read this tonight - right here and right now - thank you .
Great post! The only thing I'll disagree with is your notion that you should just stop in and say thanks. Everyone's story is important. I am not an "old timer" yet but I still love to hear the stories of the struggle because it reminds me why I quit and why I keep going. The more time you have the more you need to listen. Thanks for your post! Congrats!
Strong work right here 
Hope we don't have to wait a year for the next installment. :)
Thank you for sharing your story! Day 2 here and reading these posts is very helpful. 
Beautiful! Thank you so much for taking the time to share your story with us. ..This is great:.&gt;Where I clung to my expectations about what life was supposed to be about what I deserved that's where I suffered. How limiting if I were the one to decide my experience! It's a big beautiful terrifying world out there and I can't wait to see what tomorrow brings...Congratulations. Hope you keep growing and learning this year! 
I only planned to quit for a month and I quit on a Friday. (Props Never gets old to me) Congratulations on your year!! ..Thank you for sharing your story. I'm currently looking up some of the referenced podcasts for download. ..Btw - Glad I got to read your post as I am presently at 33k feet flying coast to coast. Helped pass some time.  
I enjoyed reading your post and congratulate you on your one year!   Awesome!!  I am going to try some of the meditation you mentioned... thanks!
So well written - thank you for sharing all that unadulterated truth! And congrats on a year!
Congrats 
Hey KOTM! Congratulations on a year!!!..I'm working on the meditation-thing and I've recently come across some sleep meditation stuff on youtube; it's working so beautifully for me! I hope to get to wear you are it sounds exciting and peaceful at the same time :). Thanks for having me in this sandbox!
From one non-drinking non-dualist to another: that was a beautiful fucking read. You used to drink tons I really hope you stay dry. On the other hand you are young and already making wonderful discoveries. Perhaps wisdom is the greatness that was in store for you. High five hug.
Congratulations Nippy!
Awesome post! I will copy and paste portions of it into a running word doc with other posts from this sub that I find extra helpful! Thank you. ..Quick question: meditation. What do you do? Do you have any recommendations? I have an old sports therapist recording I listen to once in a while to chill out with but I really think it would be beneficial to me to get into meditation for my sobriety as well as general well-being. What do you suggest to start? I am a bit of a lazy ass and even though I have time I always have time to waste. Any tips will be greatly appreciated!..Major congrats on your one year! Kudos
Thank you for sharing...You have illuminated quite a few aspects that I struggle with in my own life that become potholes in my sobriety...A lot of the good stuff you have mentioned is what I would like to have for myself and my future...In a somewhat same but different situation to you I have been very lucky to have experienced a couple of the Big Things in my life but let them pass by as I didn't feel that I deserved them. ..I hope that in the future I can allow good things into my life gracefully and with appreciation to enjoy and share with others simple goodness...You have given me much to think about :)
This is beautiful- thank you so much for sharing it.
I firmly stand by your Adam Sandler quote and promise I won't stand by in the rafters saying " He's losing his mind. And I'm reaping all the benefits."..I've contemplated on using medication for my anxiety and light depression. I'm going to try cognitive behavioral therapy first but if something doesn't give I'd like to feel better. I thought a year would give me all the answers I needed. Now at a year I see the answers are there but I need to keep working for them. I do feel peaceful which is enough for now. Thank you for your words. 
This is great and reminds me of my first year. I still struggle terribly with loneliness but I've learned to manage cravings and my associated will power. I'm really happy for you keep at it champ!
Thank you for writing this. Congrats on your year and thank you for being a part of the SD community. Sober on my friend.
I went to my first meeting tonight. I also want to try not drinking for a year. Thanks for sharing. 
Thank you very much. I am in early stage of new found sobriety read your post twice and found it to be helpful and insightful. I even saved a few passages in my journal. Congrats on your 1 year.
Much love :)
This was an amazing read. Thank you so much for sharing. 
Thanks King! I have been o happy to be on this journey with you and I love your post.  I'm reminded of how important these posts were for me last year when I found SD -- the stories to take me forward.  Your post inspires me to think about Year 2 (ODAT of course); I put off some things/decisions for Year 1 wanting that to be my priority. It's time to address them now.  Thanks for being here.
Congratulations on one year you're a great writer! 
Congrats!
Thanks for posting.  It sounds like you've come a long way in a year.  Congratulations.  I won't drink with you today.
