-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lqdla/happy_2017_aka_celebrate_your_small_wins_guest/

Like some of you I celebrated my first New Year's sober. The holidays are a tough time for some of us and lord knows I don't know ass from butt (as my posting history will show here) but it made me think about 2016 especially in light of the "Fuck 2016" memes everywhere. ...Because 2016 was a garbage fire for me personally for SURE. I woke up in jail covered in pee and menstrual blood (*lo siento for the TMI sometimes God has funny ways of forcing humility on you*) survived a car accident of entirely my own making had to confront my extremely problematic history of abusive relationships financial debt *relapse* and the never-ending list of apologies and amends I had to make to people who (*for some reason*) were still invested in me. I struggled and smashed a friend's car windows with a tire iron once. I dated too early and lost my goddamn mind when it ended. My sponsor died and I didn't know my heart could hurt that much (*still does a little*). I was for lack of a better analogy a dumpster fire that was falling down stairs. ...But 2016 was also the year I learned to ride a bike. I turned 28. I went from panting down the street to running my first and seventh 5k. I played some handball. I went to the gym for the first time and almost had a panic attack from being self-conscious. I fell off a StairMaster which was painful but quite frankly pretty hilarious. I tried to walk around the island of Manhattan one Saturday because of no good fucking reason (*10 hrs I walked 10 fucking hours that's a lot of fucking hours to walk NONSTOP my legs were going to fall the fuck OFF*). I took up Filipino Martial Arts. I joined a BDSM-book club because why the hell not. I decided to take up painting miniatures for my tabletop games. I aggressively shout at people when I play Civilization VI on Steam. I drank a ton of LaCroix. I flew back from India alone and did not drink on the plane for the first time since I was a baby (*probably I feel it's safe to assume*). ...2016 taught me a lot. It taught me that life is not static unchanging OR inevitable. That bereft of hope health and happiness it was still possible to start the slow crawl towards a happy life. That it was never ever easy. ...But that it was always always going to be worth it. ...Like anything that matters for me dealing with sobriety (and the aftermath of abuse) involves good and bad days easy and hard. Some days that just *are*. I found that for me it was celebrating the small wins that propelled me through the bad. That there was no such thing as a stupid thing to be happy about. That I could simply do what I wanted with no one's permission but my own. That I could chase my own happiness and celebrate no longer trying to find a way out of my life but through it. ...I wanted to take that into 2017 with me so [I decided to spend my last vacation day learning how to ice skate because *why the fuck not*?](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Zq019)...I was probably the only person over the age of 10 clutching the wall and people were coming up to me in droves to help (*what do they mean push off from the sides because I just ended up accidentally doing a split and my thighs will never be the same*). I also fell on my butt 4 times and once forward accidentally clutching a Small Child's hood as I dragged him down with me (*I'm so sorry for almost assassinating you SmallChild*)....So really I don't know anything about anything and I type way too much and type the way I speak which is terribly ineloquent **but** celebrate your small wins. Revel in being allowed to participate in your own life. And whatever you do to celebrate that I hope you love that and share it so I can love it with you. Because there is so much to celebrate and the bad days are assbutt but the good days are *tremendous* and even the regular days are great because you're *here* and if you still drank or even just stayed in that sad place you were in you might not be. ...So celebrate that too.
----------immediate responses--------

This made me teary eyed thank you for posting this! .
I genuinly enjoyed reading that entire paragraph. Thank you for sharing. 
This was excellent.  Congratulations.
Wonderful! So glad to see you are having fun with sobriety :)..This is the way to really live life. Thanks for sharing :)
Thank you for the smile!! And congratulations on your sobriety =)
Sober you seems like someone I'd like to hang out with. ..Great post and great work you should be really proud of yourself and you should know how inspiring you are...Please keep posting your life sounds brilliant and I love the way you write.
Great post  Keep on enjoying life :-)
I love your writing style :) I was right there with you. Congratulations on a great start to 2017! I will not drink with you today :D
You're hysterical - I'm still f'n laughing!! That "But 2016.." paragraph is epic!..Congratulations on 280 days and all of your wins! You're truly enjoying all the news things that you're trying and who cares if they are a first at 28?! The bottom line is you're doing these things sober - AWESOME!! ..When I lived and worked in Manhattan I used to spend a lot of weekends walking all around the city - unfortunately I was still drinking and wasn't able to truly enjoy (or remember!) it. Maybe ice skating in Bryant Park will be on my to-do list for '17 ;). 
Haha I was just thinking to myself. I love your writing style Caudebac! Then I got to the last paragraph and almost lost a bit of my dogs soda water. ..I'm happy for you keep doing and experiencing things. I don't know which one you are in the picture but both look joyful and that's what matters most. May 2017 be wonderful for you!
Excellent work. You look great :)
Well done!.
Thank you for sharing. Also this image is kind of amazing. Great capture. 
Can I come hang out with you?    that was the best thing ever. 
Ice skating FTW!!!  That's why I have 2 kids -- so I put on arm on each shoulder and use them kind of like crutches to get around the rink.  Apparently it's easier to get them ice skating lessons than it is to learn myself...I too love all of the things I can do now that I'm sober.  I don't have to worry about 'hurry up and do this so I can drink' or the activities I can't participate in because I have a buzz.  What a great post.  I won't drink with you today!
Haha this is awesome. I am just the worst at ice skating but somehow every xmas I forget and end up hanging onto a wall to dear life trapped in skates while my friends pirouette around me...The small wins is what has basically made my sobriety for me. I started boxing I own boxing gloves because somehow sobriety made me be like - I am going to do what the fuck I want. I feel like a total badass version of myself. I care so much less about what people think. ..On NY's day I walked 6 miles through sleet and hail (that felt like being pelted with rocks) along the beach and it was awesome. The small wins are all awesome!..The best people talk fast long and ineloquenty! Love this. 
Truly laughing out lout - love your style! Congrats on 280.
What a great read! Your year ended awesome. Thanks for posting.
You seem like an extremely awesome person thanks for this post :) Congratulations!
Great post! Good job!
If I could upvote this a thousand times I would...&gt;I could chase my own happiness and celebrate no longer trying to find a way out of my life but through it...You just kick-started my day with joy (and the smile on your face at the rink is ineffable!).  I'm saving your post for a day I'm just trying to get through.
I am a little behind you with 237 days free. All I can say about your post is yesyes and Hell yes. You're a spring chicken to me....I'm 65 and I am totally enjoying this new road I'm on. Enjoy your new path..
I love this!  Thank you.  Now I want to have more mini-adventures to celebrate my life a bit more in all of its iterations.
Excellent post. Keep it up.
oh Large Child this was amazing. please keep writing. 
Really wonderful post. Thank you! 
Awesome post! 
So cool! Thank you for posting. 
