-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ls69e/finally_grateful/

good morning SD..I finally got seriously back into AA this summer in July.  I had a relapse Christmas Day because I'm awful.   ..Last night at my meeting I had a real epiphany - I am grateful to be an AA.  I have heard people say this before at meetings and honestly I thought it was bullshit.  Being an alcoholic is ridiculous and embarrassing right?..Well a lot of the things we do are ridiculous and embarrassing but coming to the realization and admitting we are alcoholics is actually insanely liberating.  It explains so much about how our minds work - not just with drinking but all of our behavior.  It gives us a support system of unconditional acceptance.  It gives us hope.  ..Of course all things considered I wish I didn't struggle with this but if I do I am happy and grateful for the AA program.  
----------immediate responses--------

i think this is incredibly important. realizing all the things you gain from quitting. mainly your freedom. 
Honestly I have made the most changes in my life ever since admitting I am an alcoholic.  Changes that have nothing to do with alcohol.  I'm happier I'm sometimes content and at peace I enjoy things I look forward to hobbies... all of those things because I quit drinking and I couldn't have done any of those things without admitting I'm an alcoholic.  So yeah I'm happy to be in recovery too.
I wouldn't call myself "awful" for relapsing. I relapsed twice very hard. The realization that I didn't necessarily choose relapse that it was something inevitable given the fact that I wasn't treating my alcoholism relieved a lot of my guilt. Anyway I was going to also say that I have felt similarly-- I am grateful that I am able to live free of alcohol and not have it play a role in my life anymore. Had I fallen to my bottom so quickly in life it may have slowly deteriorated my health and mental well being for years. I get to live a full life now that it snuffed itself out. No more fuel to add to the fire. Congrats on your 9 days!
As they say in AA you'll never see a grateful recovering alcoholic drunk. ..I'm so glad you feel that way. It's a really good place to be.
