-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lu8lc/a_christmas_to_remember/

You know why? Because I spent it sober. I received my SIX MONTHS chip on Christmas Day (sober birthday June 25th) and celebrated with a glass of sparkling cider. This was my first sober holidays and I was scared as hell. Here are my takeaways:..- I use meetings as part of my recovery... That being said not all meetings are for everyone. I did not like the meetings near my mom's house and that's OK..- Addiction really does run in my family. My uncle crashed my dad's holiday party which I was terrified of because I thought my dad would be the hot mess not my uncle. Well the party ended up being way worse than I could have imagined. My dad did AWESOME but upon arrival my uncle insulted me because my dad had chosen not to have beer at his party in support of me--which I had not asked for but appreciated. He made fun of my sobriety told me beer would always be waiting and shoved a bag of outside issues in my face for me to smell. I cried A LOT. I left early. I went to my mom's house and prayed realizing my uncle is so incredibly sick. I cried some more but I did not drink. That was a victory..- Amends made me feel a hell of a lot better. Lots of tears lots of healing. .- Emotional exhaustion does not equate to struggling in sobriety. I cried more than I have in a long time. Hell I STILL feel emotionally hungover. I couldn't wait to leave. But it was a good trip and I'm doing the next right thing...Happy New Year everyone! Whether you spent the holidays feeling good and sober feeling pained and stuck in your addiction or somewhere in between I love you! 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy New Year! Congrats on 6 months and a sober holiday season! That's a pretty amazing feat especially considering the emotional stress. That's actually what I'm dreading the most -- I'm 3 days in now and it's been great but I haven't had anything truly difficult come up to put my commitment to the test. Kudos to you! You're awesome!
Congrats. A day at a time for sure.
Good job! I love reading stories like this. 
