-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5lzxcj/you_do_know_what_to_do/

When I was miserable drunk and said to a friend of mine I didn't know what to do with myself she replied: "You do know what to do." Her voice has been echoing trough my head every single day since that night. ..So if you're sad struggling to get trough the day or think that you don't know what to do: you do know what to do. That's why you here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wonderful. 
So simple and so true. Thanks for sharing!
She put it really well. Great advice.
Thank you. I probably need a poster of this. 
I like it and im going to use it and not drink with y'all
I needed this. Thanks! :)
-drops mic-
Now that's some straight dope.
So true. Thanks for the reminder!
That's it alright!
Simple and accurate! I had the same thing not knowing what to do when I really did but just ignored it. Glad that has stopped. I won't drink with you today. 
Your saying equals IT IS WHAT IT IS for me. Not even my favorite saying. But I love yours. Never thought of it like that. Earlier today I was telling a fellow redditor that I didn't know what to do next. That is a fucking lie. I do know. But will/can I pull it off? Thank you.
There's a scene in "Drinking: A Love Story" by the late Caroline Knapp in which her sister delivers a similar message to Caroline who's asked "What should I do?"  That has stuck with me since the 1990s when I read the book.
Brilliant. 
Thanks for the post and thank your friend for us...I know what I am going to do today. I am not going to drink my first wine or beer. If I get out of my own way then everything gets easier after that. 
I wish I could give her reddit gold. 
Wow I must admit after doubting to hit the send button I'm a little overwhelmed by your reactions. I'll tell her what an enormous impact her advice has - I mean your words printed on a poster isn't that what we all strive for? ;)
That's a damn good friend. .Stay strong. 
Yep.  Just a matter of having the courage to actually do it.
