-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m07dq/how_to_get_over_not_drinking_while_enjoying/

I've been a lurker here for a while now and am currently on day 4 (not far along I know). I'm sorry for the long post and if it doesn't make much sense it's hard to articulate this! I just wanted to talk about how drinking has affected my views on certain activities and things and whether or not anyone feels the same? I used to love in the past getting drunk and playing games and watching YouTube videos but when my drinking started to get out of hand (blacking out every time hurting myself from falling and embarrassing myself binge drinking for days at a time jeopardizing my relationships/job and school) I truly realized I needed to stop .. I still love to game but I also find myself thinking how much more fun it would be with drinks. Or how some videos on YouTube remind me of fun times when I was drunk and how I want to feel that again. It's gotten to the point where certain favourite videos literally throw me into a whirlwind of emotions which usually end in either me having some drinks and hating myself afterwards or being depressed because I'm not drinking. I'm trying to find some new hobbies but lately (especially since I've been on vacation from work and school) all I do is some housework and sleep. I'm bored and when I'm bored I feel the urge to drink and to "spice up" my  experiences of things I enjoy...Does anyone else struggle with this? Will I always associate some of my favourite things with drinking thus making me depressed? Am I doomed to a life that feels so empty/boring? I'm trying so hard to keep myself distracted and to keep myself from drinking but it's so damn hard right now especially since my SO is on nights and I'm predominantly alone right now... :-(.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel/felt the same way for a long time. I always thought and still think (although I'm getting better at playing the tape through to the end now) that things will be better if I drink. It took a long time for me to realize that even when I drank the activity I thought would be better often wasn't. I finally realized that I never had a better time and the shame guilt and torment my brain put me through when I sobered up wasn't/isn't worth it. ..I just recently went snowboard a hobby I loved drinking with. I've never really done it without drinking the whole time I was getting ready I was thinking about getting a pint of vodka to go along with my riding. I didn't and had a great time...Try to play the tape all the way through and remember that it never really enhances anything it just prolongs the negative feelings you're currently having. ..I don't think your doomed to feel empty and bored. But you may feel that way for awhile until your brain rewires and starts finding the joys in daily life. I'm finding the joy in discovering i'm way smarter when I'm not drinking and I can focus on getting better at things. ..anyways. welcome. 
It could be helpful to journal or somehow actively remind yourself the ways your hobbies are better sober. Gaming and playing guitar got way better when I put the bottle down. Also you've identified that boredom is a stressor that makes you more likely to drink. Is there any new activity you could pick up to alleviate your boredom?
Sometimes it's easy to think about the "good times" while I was drinking but then I remember that was a small percentage of the time I drank (probably 20%).  I tend to try and reflect on only the bad times to keep from "romanticizing" my former drinking escapades. 
That's a good idea.. maybe I'll do that too should I ever get the urge.  On the top of my list will be my DUI arrest 41 days ago.  ..On the flip side today I did start thinking that I should start a journal to capture the benefits of sobriety as well.  There are so many that I realize more and more each day.  ..Thanks for inspiring me with these thoughts and your good attitude. 
Personally I don't find a lot of the stuff I used to do while drinking as much fun anymore.  Videogames are much less interesting.  Television is much less interesting.  Watching sports are much less interesting.  Staying up late is much less interesting.  I now enjoy going to bed and waking up early reading and pure silence.  I also enjoy my pets much more.  And I started therapy about 6 months ago so I'm doing a lot more thinking about things.  A lot of the stuff I used to be into were just escape augmented by alcohol.  Basically I was self medicating my anxiety.  ..It's okay to become a different person when you stop drinking it's all part of the journey.
I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone for your responses they really helped (and made me think of things in different ways which is great!). Tonight I cleaned up went grocery shopping worked out made a healthy meal and did a mini spa afterwards for myself. I was even able to watch a favourite YouTube video of mine and not associate it with drinking I just managed to enjoy the music as is and it was wonderful! It's going to obviously take time but I feel much more positive now so thank you. I'm off to bed now and it's a great feeling! I will not drink with all of you tonight  
