-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m505b/i_quit_drinking_last_year_after_ending_up_in/

I'm really really struggling. I had about 4 months clean and I was feeling and looking amazing. I was happy healthy people didn't hate having to put up with my nonsense. I was told not to take a drink but I lied to myself. "You can have a couple that won't kill you and you know you don't need alcohol now so you can stop at that". ..No no I can't...Last night my dad was on the phone to me about something else and said "I don't know how to say this so I'm just going to say it. I feel so proud and happy I thought I'd lost my daughter and I have her back". I'd just necked an entire bottle of wine. I didn't tell him. I was broken. I drank some more then considered calling the Samaritans to ask for help with my basically suicide thoughts. I didn't. I remembered someone who had reached out to me at a SMART recovery session. I contacted her and she was on her way to AA for the first time in weeks actually. It was like fate. She offered to pick me up as obviously I couldn't drive. I made all the excuses in the world and said no I'll go tomorrow. She turned up at my door and I said look I've been drinking you aren't meant to go when you've been drinking. She said ideally no but none of us are perfect so I had no more excuses and went...I had avoided AA for a long long time. I even mentioned that part of the reason why was the god thing. A guy took me aside and explained he has fully accepted the steps but to him the higher power is just the other members of aa. He is a total atheist and said this is my higher power this Group Of Drunks GOD. Well I feel a lot better today and I'm going to go again tonight but hell it's a struggle and a half...Literally every single person there had the same stories as me. Not the exact same but as the same guy said "we've all been down the same path just the scenery is slightly different"...This is now my main priority in life so I am using all resources I can to get help including this sub. I hope my post is okay...ODAAT. Good wishes everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

I just read this back and what's really scaring me are those cliches and sayings. It makes it all sound so cult like and I hate wishy washy stuff like that to start with. It felt so good though and if it works it works. I don't need to explain why it works to myself but my brain doesn't work that way. It won't accept it. I'm struggling to go into this with open arms due to this.
I wish I had a open arms imoji. You are doing so great from what I gathered.  I'm glad your here and wish you love and strength!  
I'm learning from people on this sub that everyone's journey of sobriety is different. There is no "right" way. I've seen a few people mention that they don't like the "cult" feel of AA and therefore decided it wasn't right for them. A lot of other people here have discussed taking the aspects of AA that work for them and leaving behind what doesn't. Some people here combine aspects of different recovery methods...Sure there are key words and phrases jargon and definitions with any of these recovery programs. And they get repeated a lot and become almost a script. But my interpretation of that is when you repeat something often enough you begin to actually believe it. And if what you're repeating and quoting frequently is helping you lead a better life it might be worth trying out. Or at least accepting that these key words and phrases are helpful for quite a lot of people. So whether AA or any other program ultimately works for you or you find your own way through a combination of methods I hope you'll find the tools you're looking for to get you back on the road to health and happiness. Best wishes to you! :)
I had a cousin get a second lease on life like you and he went 6 years and then fell off the wagon. He's dead now. I miss him everyday...Here's what I have to say and I hope it helps...1. Don't die. You don't want to die. You may think in fleeting moments that it's romantic to die a lonely alcoholic but you know it's not. ..2. Being sober feels really good. I had a few months and fell off the wagon through the holidays and now I'm back sober. It is so fucking superior to being drunk. It's not even close. I get the absurdity though. I'm sitting here feeling great and I get feelings like let's go drink. Even though I know if I did I wouldn't feel good like I do now. It's a fucking disgusting drug. Get sober you will feel good again. I promise. .
I like AA. I'm not religious or very spiritual. There are a lot of AA meetings in my city full of young people with tattoos and bad ideas just like me but I had to look around for a meeting that wasn't god-heavy. Best of luck with your recovery.
"we've all been down the same path just the scenery is slightly different"." ..No truer statement ever. ....
Please don't die. Choose to live. 
I'm an atheist and I attend AA meetings and get a lot out of them. I've met some really cool people in the rooms. I've gone to concerts with them (Phish) and done a bunch of other fun things with them. I go and listen to the similarities try not to overthink it at all and if someone says something that rubs me the wrong way I just let it go in one ear and out the other. 
Stay strong!
Oh god your post is so okay. I'm so happy you reached out for help. I don't know you but I know you struggle with the same drinking issue as me. I don't want you to die! I don't want you to have to be back in the hospital sick. You can do this. I'm so proud of you!!!!.I won't drink with you today .The sign of strength is getting back up. Your doing that BRAVO!
Wow I could of actually written your original post! Last year I was also in intensive care and almost died from my alcohol consumption. I too stayed sober for around 5 months then started drinking again to the horror of my friends and family and got myself into serious trouble by drink driving! I realised that whilst I was ill physically in hospital and had got better my mental health was still very very ill I basically ran away got detoxed went to rehab sorted myself out mentally. I now live in a dry house with other recovering addicts and regularly go to AA meetings. I've always considered myself a strong aethiest so I do struggle with the whole higher power thing and the notion that I will be saved by this higher power and not have to work hard for my sobriety which I do! The best thing to do is stay surrounded by people keep going to AA even if it's just to listen. It's hard I know but you can do it. 
i won't drink with you today. xoxo
To be blunt it will be your death for sure.  I've seen 3 people die so far from alcoholism.  Each time they stayed sober for a bit and then relapsed.  You think you might make it back but you won't.  My last friend to die didn't actually die from liver failure but died from NOT drinking which caused her to have severe withdrawals and she blacked out at the grocery store hit her head and now shes dead.  If she was healthy the doctors said she wouldve survived the head trauma.  If you are keen on dying then make no changes.  If you want to live do something about it.
Weed helped me quit drinking.
You are in (literally) do or die mode.  I've been there.  AA and the steps saved my life.  ..AA sounds crazy stupid weird.  I get it.  The god thing is a turn off.  It can be cult like...Bottom line - it works.  It got me sober.  It saved my life.  It can save yours too.  Contact me anytime if you want to know more.  
Your post is more than ok.  Although it may feel like "confessing" you are being honest with yourself and that is important.  Very glad you found local support when you need it!  This sub is also a good place to find support if you need help right away because we have literally ALL been there.  .Bumps on your recovery road are normal. Sometimes a tire goes out and you have to fix it  just as long as you keep driving down the path.  :) 
You are me with better wording. Thx...
Your story reminded me of my IOP experience where three guys on serious dialysis regimens were trying to get one year sober so they could get placed on kidney transplant waiting lists.  Two out of three drank instead guaranteeing themselves slow miserable suicides.  The disease is really heartless.  Livers can recover amazingly well until someday they can't.  I know fear of death is typically insufficient motivation but I pray any other final stage (progressive physiological deterioration) alcoholics like me find the willingness to stop drinking.  Death from liver failure is so ugly for family members who have to witness.  Keep coming back here and to meetings IRL.  If anyone wants to stop drinking there is a solution and help is all around us.
