-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m7vtv/150_days_and_my_second_day_of_veganism/

Hey sd just wanted to check in because it's been 5 months! I'm happy to be sober wasn't even tempted over the holidays. I've been feeling healthier happier and I'm working on advancing my career. Despite being happily sober I haven't been so happy with my diet so I decided to go vegan! I'm sure the transition to veganism will have its challenges because I wasn't even a vegetarian leading up to this but I figured if I could get sober I can cut out animal products too. This morning I had some toast with jam and vegan sausage for breakfast. It was delicious :) My birthday is coming up and I need to figure out how to bake a vegan cake for myself lol 5 months ago I would've never thought I would be here. ..I hope everyone's holidays were nice and sober! If you're struggling I won't drink with you today :) 
----------immediate responses--------

now THAT sounds like a challenge. but i love bacon...good for you on getting healthy! diet and exercise have been my greatest tools in feeling good and cutting anxiety. i get it...congrats on 5 months.
I order the vegan food box Veestro sometimes - there is always a 20% promo code floating around.  Just got box delivered today yum! 
Awesome! I've been vegan for 3 years. Going vegan was waaaaaaaaaay easier than quitting drinking.
Congrats on 150 and going vegan! I've not made a vegan cake yet but I made a vegan pumpkin pie that was delicious. Lots of great recipes out there pretty much anything can be veganised :) 
Great job on the 150 and vegan! I want to go vegetarian but my husband and my dad won't hear of it. :(
Congrats on the 150DAYS!!!!! 
Hi! First huge congratulations on 150 days!! Way to go! Secondly it's so awesome to 'meet' other vegetarians and vegans on SD. I've been more or less vegan since September. Was vegetarian for a few years before that. Vegan at home has been easy for me. Way way easier than quitting drinking. The only challenges (and the only times I've bent the rules and had dairy) were during Christmas and Thanksgiving. Funny how Christmas was also the most challenging day of my recent sobriety too...I never missed bacon but I did recently discover tempeh 'bacon'. Seriously good stuff. Great for vegan breakfast sandwiches.
I've been incorporating vegan food into my diet too! Haven't gone total vegan yet but have cut out dairy. Eggs are next. I was vegetarian before so meat etc isn't a problem. They have some great recipes on Pinterest. I recently made a vegan raw snickers pie and it was awesome!
