-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5m9c4l/i_got_dumped_but_here_we_go_day_1/

Hi all I've (24 F) lurked for about a year realized I had a real problem about 1.5 years ago. I am the queen of relapsing but I don't want to do this anymore...My boyfriend broke up with me on New Year's morning. I got way too drunk on NYE and he had already found little bottles of Barefoot Pinot Grigio in the trash. When we broke up I went nuts. I'm so glad I didn't try to physically damage anything or him. After I made it home I lost my shit and crawled into several magnums of Grigio. (Classic wine-o). So I'm emerging from a 4 day bender and haven't eaten anything but crackers all week. ..Alcohol has started making me deeply depressed/borderline suicidal. I'll wake up after a hard night of drinking and find things like "easiest ways to die" still open in my browser. I half heartedly tried to hang myself during one of my benders. Awful unsustainable miserable way to live. That was when I was drinking bourbon every night. I switched to white wine because that's "easier to moderate."..I started drinking heavily and using a lot of different things in college. I always preferred uppers but would take anything after a few drinks. My friends and roommates all partied hard so I didn't really see the problem until I got to grad school in a place where I knew nobody and that has an intense drinking culture. Then I realized that I was trying to drink/use away a lot of trauma depression and anxiety. The usual sob story about surviving multiple rapes dating the wrong people having an abortion etc. I'm sorry for the flippancy but that's how I've come to think of myself. I really loathe myself because I can trace all the shit that's hurt me back to alcohol. It is an evil vile substance that my brain can't resist. I feel like I'm possessed! ..All of that to say that I'm devastated by the breakup because he's so stable consistent kind and can stop after one beer. The past year has been the best of my life. He told me he can't handle the inconsistency but he loves sober me. I can't change his mind but I can change myself. How do I live a sober life? Where do you turn when alcohol is everywhere? All of the grad students I know drink like it's the end of the world every night! AA seems a little too religious for me but if it works I'll go. ..I'm sorry for venting but I know that y'all are rockstars and that you can relate to this. I haven't destroyed my life yet but I feel like I will if I don't change now. ..So in the words of a wise sage Bye Felicia. No more drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

&lt;3 sending love you sound like you've had a really difficult time. 24yo f here also. i will not drink with you today x.
your story sounds familiar. ..i let the same story continue till i was 45. don't do that. ..you can have a much happier life if you stop. i promise. 
Well you certainly spelled out all the reasons why any of us would want to stop. We all have different stories but the ending we want is the same. To be happy and healthy and love are ourselves . Sounds cheesy but true we can't love anyone until we love ourselves. I am still working on that one. But I can tell you I am already feeling better both mentally and physically. I am rooting for you and hanging around here will help. I personally grinded out the first week but everyone is different. You sound ready so try all the things people do to stay sober until you find the one that works for you. 
Yep your stories sound just like mine. And I have many more that are very bad as I'm sure most of us on here do. If I would have stopped at 24 I think my life would have been so much happier healthier etc. I'm in my 40's now and back on Day1. I wold advise to get sober as young as possible. You will avoid so much more pain in your future. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm 26/F and just wanted to let you know how much your story resonates. Thank you for sharing it. Your benders sound like mine a couple crackers/some junk food curled up in bed for days with whiskey (that's what it was for me) finding open Google results for ways to commit suicide guilt for "letting down" a stable partner and so much frustration/self-blame (including for the sexual assaults and emotional abuse in my past). ..I don't have so many answers but I just wanted to let you know that I'm here and reading and relating. Hanging out on this subreddit the past couple months has been an immense help to me. All my best and hope to see you around more :)
(27 F) everything your boyfriend said to you. I've heard from mine! I can relate and felt I had to be the only one out there. He's given me the best life I could ask for and still I couldn't give him the one thing he asked for! No drinking!! You're not alone! I won't drink with you today! Thank you for sharing your story and keep pushing!! We can do this! Your life is worth it! You're worth it! 
