-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mg5bt/after_3_years_sober_i_relapsed_today/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

Did anything trigger your most recent relapse? 
You have both a drinking problem and a thinking problem.  As do all of us in active alcoholism...Those drugs are not "backup."  It is not safe to drink on either one.  Gabapentin is an anti-seizure medication which alters brain chemicals and we don't fully understand what happens when we throw alcohol on top of it.  Trazadone was originally a blood pressure medication that just happened to lull people to sleep...When you drink ask yourself "Is this really worth it?"  Play the tape all the way through.  Generally it's always going to end up the same with guilt and recriminations...I spent 20 years relapsing and blaming and playing with meds.  I ended up in a psych ward more than once because my brain and body were so screwed up they didn't know which direction to go.  And I'd almost fried my liver because as my body's primary filter it simply couldn't handle all the poisons...Please find a local AA group so that you have some face-to-face support.  It sounds like alcohol has cost you a great deal in the past and no one wants you to pay a higher price than you already have.  You have serve your country honorably and should be focusing on either a new career or a happy retirement instead of waking up desperate for help.  You deserve so much more out of life...We know how good life can be while we're sober.  I hope you can get reconnected to the recovery community and live in good health.
Sorry to hear you're going through a rough patch right now. Spending time on this subreddit has helped me a lot and I'm glad you're here.
You see...for me the facts were clear or so I thought.  I excelled in every aspect of my job whether it be Law Enforcement Law Enforcement Trainer or on the outside corporate world working my way up from the bottom making minimum wage to becoming a trainer in a Fortune 500 company making over 6 figures a year.  But at the end of the day it didn't matter the only solace I found was in a 12 dollar bottle of vodka and it ended up controlling my life..
Please only post when sober.
