-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mhuzj/been_sober_for_39_days_not_really_struggling_at/

I've been sober for 39 days and haven't had much craving for alcohol. However I've slowed down on going to meetings and haven't made sobriety my top priority. I still don't have a sponsor. I don't like talking to people everyday and don't want to feel guilty for not calling even though I'm not struggling with sobriety. I also travel a lot for work and want to spend what little time I get at home with my SO. I know I should stop bitching and get with the program but has anyone else been in this situation?
----------immediate responses--------

There is nothing wrong with wanting balance in life. I remember feeling guilty for choosing to go to the gym rather than another meeting. For me sobriety means balance. That didn't include daily AA meetings. I wanted to experience life in all ways.
it's nice to have the tools of AA and the support of a sponsor on the days I might be struggling. ..I believe what I put in front of my sobriety I will lose.
Sustaining sobriety seems so different for individuals.  I don't have a ton of days but I've been using this sub as my only sober meeting.  Some folks really benefit from the accountability of physical meetings/programs such as AA and I'm certainly not talking down about those. It's just not the route I'm on.   ..I try to frequently analyze what I need to sustain my sobriety.  Sometimes it is getting things done that are stressing me out but I don't want to deal with. Sometimes it's going on a fun sober date with friends.  Sometimes it's asking for help or communicating something difficult to someone.  Or doing something really nice for myself or someone I love.  Many other things too of course.....I think of my drinking as a symptom of darker issues under the surface that must be addressed for me to continue to be sober.  I do know that when I start to beat myself up about not doing something (or doing something) I need to look long and hard at it and decide how the behavior can be addressed to best put the issue to rest.  I have to be honest about avoiding and procrastinating too much and set realistic goals and pay attention to progress or lack thereof.  ..You're doing great!  Coming here and asking for help on making sobriety your top propriety sounds like taking action to keep it up top to me!  Make sure to praise yourself for your progress.  :)
I have to put not drinking first but that's me.  I am also a gym rat but I missed the last 2 days because I chose AA.  Luckily I'll get to do both the next 2 days because it's the weekend.  ..I will def tone down the meetings to 2-4x a week when I'm good and ready I know there'll be a time when I need to balance it out. I just know that for now I need the daily meeting because I "can't be too careful".  ..I did grab a sponsor about 2 weeks ago and it has worked well for me getting guidance through the steps.  I don't think you need to get with the program do what feels right.  Everyone is different.  Hope it turns out well for you nice job on 39 days. 
Recovery is different for everybody.  To me (Somebody who also travels a ton for work and has a BF) the key is having a support network and a plan if you find yourself needing some extra help...For me I go to AA when I feel like I need some group support.  In 12 months I've been 6 times.  At first I felt bad about this comparing myself to what other people were doing but then I realized it's ok...I never got a sponsor because I felt like I instead wanted to focus more with my therapist than committed to an AA sponsor.  BUT the option is always there or just to call somebody from my group.  You could do both also!..See what works for you. 
If I felt like I was starting to get lost in the tall grass I wouldn't hesitate to get to a meeting - for for right now I use SD as my sole support.  Instead of having just 1 sponsor I have 56123 as of 10pm PST in the US.  : )
I'm going to meetings 1 - 2 times per week.  I was going daily at first...I asked a guy to be my sponsor a coupe days in and he said he would be my temporary sponsor.  Maybe it would last 20 years maybe 2 weeks...I think that was a good move because I don't feel like I owe him anything.  We talk about once a week.  I have an assignment that I've had for 3 weeks and I haven't touched it.  ..I know I need to get with the program too but my sponsor's not going to force me to do anything.  ..Maybe ask someone to be your temp sponsor just so that you can get started on some step work?
I worked out what I needed to remain sober and did that. This place was my main sober support. I kept myself occupied through the first few months as I adjusted to living sober. Then my focus shifted to living a balanced active life - structure supports me but I don't beat myself up if I need to skip something or that structure needs to change. I tried SMART meetings once a week for a while when I hit 9 months sober then it fell by the wayside as I found other things that I want to prioritise in my life. 
