-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mktny/never_thought_this_would_be_me/

I never in my life thought I would be here counting the days that I don't drink.  I always thought I was invincible but at 54 many lessons have taught me otherwise.  We've all known those people who "should stop drinking"...they were so easy to point out.  The last time I said that about someone I asked my friend if WE could stop drinking.  After a thoughtful pause I realised that I probably could not...but didn't really think I needed to worry about it.  It was fun.  Well except for how it was aging me rapidly. And how recovery time was longer.  And how I just didn't feel well at all. I had lots of fun Christmas week...grown children and friends around.  Booze flowing freely.  I looked at what I had spent at the liquor store and in bars and after a long look in the mirror I decided I was done with it.  Who doesn't want to be richer AND feel better?  The first 6 days really surprised me.  I thought I would just have cravings but noooooo!  Palpitations dizziness headache elevated blood pressure and screwed up bowels.  Wtf?  How could my body have been that dependent?  Well I got past it and have been feeling pretty Damn good for the last 2 days.  I'm thankful that I found this site and all of you wonderful people.  It feels good to take control and know that I'm not alone in that struggle.  So here's to us!! *raising my coffe cup*   we sooo got this.  Thanks for reading I know it's long.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Cheering you with my own coffee cup! :)
Fantastic Well done!! 
Great!  Toasting Your Success! #cuppaJoe
Congrats!  I feel great myself. 
Welcome &amp; congrats. Sick and tired of being sick and tired blows. Taking positive action and being aware rules.
Awesome! Congratulations friend!
Late forties here. I wasn't sure I could break the pattern.  I started counting days to get my month of January. As I detoxed i  realized what a grip alcohol had on me and just how much it was compromising my life. I committed myself to one day at a time. Best wishes to health and wealth. I won't be drinking with you today. 
Wishing you happiness health &amp; success in all of your endeavors!  I will not drink with you today. :)
Late 40s here also.  I changed my routines and that has been the biggest thing keeping me track.  No hanging out in bars and no afternoon trips to the liquor store.  I got into working out since I felt better and had more time.
[removed]
I raise my vanilla tea back to you!! Awesome isn't it!! 
Welcome and congratulations! Cheering you on with my cup of tea  
No not too long! Let's hear more from you! Great stuff. Thx
Congrats!  I am so glad you are feeling better.  Good luck to you!
