-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mkxh7/you_guys_probably_know_this_already/

... but something I've recently discovered is that when cravings hit I try NOT to think about not drinking. I feel like it's that thing where if someone tells you 'Don't think about pink elephants' you obviously *are* going to think about pink elephants. But if you want to NOT think about pink elephants then instead you think about green elephants. Or maybe you don't think about elephants at all and instead you start thinking about... uh whatever your favorite thing is to think about. :)..So dumb analogies aside when I begin struggling with alcoholic thoughts I find *for* *me* that when I engage those thoughts with 'Don't think about alcohol' or 'I'm not gonna drink' what I'm doing is actually keeping my mind occupied with alcohol. So instead I find something else to think about like what's coming up on my calendar what fun thing I'm gonna do later this evening how blessed I am by my family and friends - I'm sure you get the idea. ..Anyway I'm sure this is pretty basic to most of you but it was hilariously revelatory for me. Thanks everyone for being here and I will not drink with all of you new friends of mine this day!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.  I used to try to hide or bury the thoughts of drinking but it only made them more stubborn and persistent. ..Addressing the craving head-on acknowledging it's presence and then asking "WHY do I want a drink now?" has been really helpful to me. That's when HALTS comes in to play (Hungry Angry Lonely Tired Stressed). It's usually one of those triggers and then I try to find a solution for it without drinking. Then my thoughts are occupied with a real solution and not with drinking. Someone here taught me about HALTS and it's really  helped me a lot.
Not basic at all. I still find myself obsessing over NOT being able to drink. Thanks for reminding me to think about pink elephants instead.  
Oddly enough after 27 days I don't really think about alcohol unless I'm upset and want to use it as a tool to harm someone who is doubting my ability to remain sober. Which is stupid. On a day to day basis I don't think about vodka or beer at all. Right now I'm drinking a diet Mountain Dew and eating peanut m&amp;ms while waiting for a job interview. Non hungover. And I'm happy. 
Excellent!..I've had success just sort of letting a craving exist. I don't deny it or fight it or engage with it - it isn't a mandate or a failing or anything like that; it simply is. Just let myself think "Huh I am wanting a drink" and remind myself it's fine to feel that. If I can just accept that I feel what I feel it's not a struggle. ..It feels sort of like telling a whining kid "Maybe later." The kid can ask or plead or even throw a tantrum and as the adult I don't have to give in or argue or even engage. I can just let him do his thing and I continue doing mine. (Note that this is probably not the best idea with actual pleading children!)..Refusing to fight. We don't have time for that. Little Craving if you have to speak up or whine or shout go ahead that's fine - we have shit to do and it's more important than you.
I don't think I ever put it such terms but yeah it makes sense. Probably why I spent so much time cooking in those early months. Just something to think about. Now I when I think about drinking it's just "lawl that was all so awful" but that took time. ..*watches elephant documentaries for the rest of evening*
