-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mnyp9/relapse_shame/

I'm new here so bear with me..I was sober without actually counting the days able to have a glass of wine on Christmas with no issues. Then I went out this past Thursday night. ..My friend who is an alcoholic threw a hissy fit at the bar and left me to take an uber home. I was drunk at this point. Then ended up drinking more walked to another bar and from there I don't know what happened. I know I made an ass of myself in front of a really cute bartender and god only knows who else. ..The entire next day I had the worst hangover including vomiting and barely being able to stay awake. I rarely black out so I think I may have been on the verge of alcohol poisoning. ..I'm staying sober this time. I haven't spoken to the friend I was out with since this whole thing happened. I felt so much better when I was sober for a while and now two days later I still feel awful. ..I'm just so embarrassed to have gotten myself into this. Like I don't even know what happened. I don't want to be 'that girl' at the bar and on Thursday night that's exactly who I was. ..How do I deal with this embarrassment and shame and move forward? And how do I cut ties with my friend who has a drinking problem and is obviously an enabler?
----------immediate responses--------

You will find healthy relationships and friendships if you put yourself your health and your sobriety first! And the shame and embarrassment will subside just remember you don't have to feel the way you feel right now ever again if you don't want to. Hang in there. I won't drink with you today. 
Hi!  Let me share some of the things I have learned over the years:. - You can't change what has already happened so stop worrying about it.. - You can't control your friend. - You CAN control what you do next..That being said....go back and read your post.  This next part is really aimed at all of us....why on earth would we want to ingest a substance that makes you do stupid things and feel horrible?  One terrible experience like what you describe should be enough for anyone to say "Oh HELL no!  Not ever going to do that again".  Ever have food poisoning?  I had some bad tuna salad once.  Got sick as a dog.  Won't eat it again.  But our brain tells us other things when it's alcohol....especially after we beat it down and just build tolerance.  It tells us that it makes us feel good; it makes us funny and clever; it make us charming.  It lies to us.  I look at it this way...I didn't quit alcohol it quit me.  Tell your friend that you are done with ever feeling that way again.  If she is a true friend she wouldn't want you to do something that makes you sick would she? Put yourself first and keep checking in here.  Good luck to you!!
The shame for me fades with time for those whom I have hurt while drinking it also fades with time.  Time and memory work both for me and against me.  I forget how bad I feel and how out of control I am with time.  I find the more conscious control I exert over all my feelings and emotions the less I rely on my memory to remind me how destructive alcohol has been and how much shame it has caused me and those I love.   We are with you and support you in finding love and peace instead of shame.  I choose to not drink with you today my friend!
As for cutting ties with enabling friends I have found that my true friends respect my decisions on how I want my life to be fulfilling for me.  Other people I thought were friends were really just looking for a comfortable convenient enabler (me) for themselves. 
