-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5mqquv/snowed_in_and_a_bit_depressed/

Normally I would be thrilled to be snowed on for a lazy sunday. However little things like the snow keep reminding me of what I was doing this time last year. ..Last january was the worst of my drinking. I keep relapsing and after New Years 2016 I 'gave up' trying to get sober and embraced the alcoholic life style for awhile. So being back at the same time of year being snow in again its just all too familiar. ..I am happy to be sober and I know there is nothing worth going back to about drinking. That life hold nothing for me. ..I just would rather all these memories pass. I haven't been sleeping too great. I woke up at 4am today and I couldn't get back to sleep. So got up and got some work done not it 8am and I have that brain-fried feeling up only getting a few hours of sleep. ..Anyway here is to better days.
----------immediate responses--------

yeah this time last year is when I really kicked drinking into ridic high gear. I just want to FF to March!..Im like angry at how cold it is right now..Take a nap today!! They're the best! 
Keep strong you have come so far. The lack of sleep won't be helping but at least you know despite these feelings you are in a much better place now..Hope things get easier for you.
Uhgg I hear you. Woke up at 4. Cat didn't even want to get up. Finally just put a movie on Netflix and fell back asleep for a bit. Need to find something to do out there in the single digit temps. I'm going to the sidebar FAQ under "I'm bored" and going to pick something anything to get out of this funk.
I would go back to bed and catch some more zzzzzs on this wonderful lazy Sunday. I'll not drink with you today. 
I too have unpleasant memories tied to this time of year. My dear husband has been dealing with a wife who goes from fine to weepy in a split second. ..The memories do get softer and I will say that this year is MUCH better than the last. I am glad you are happy to be sober. I don't know if you're a reader but I found that drawing my attention to a book when I feel a little fried helps keep my mind active and off of negative thoughts...Keep up the great work! 
Hang in there. You've come so far!  Sleep will help and the memories will pass 'cause you're making better ones to replace them with.  On to better days I will not drink with you today!
When my brain goes there i remember that if I feel like i don't have a purpose It is probably because Im not trying to help anyone.  I go out and help people...find a shelter go to an AA meeting find a retirement home...if I'm trying to bring some joy to someone else I'm not worrying about who is going to bring me some.  This is one of the best thing about AA meetings for me. Drunks who want to have another drunk hear their tale of woe is a thing i am particularly well suited for. . 
find a good series on Netflix and binge watch. That helps me immensely when bored or bad weather keeps me in. I wake up very early too but i counter it by going to bed early at night...but then again maybe that's why i am waking up so early!!!
