-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n69t4/i_drank_to_get_rid_of_my_social_anxiety_but/

WHO KNEW...I would dread social events and drink ahead of time to ease the stress. Then keep drinking heavily once attending said social event to keep those awkward feelings down. To most people I know I was just the care-free partier who really liked to throw them back...The first month sober I still had a TON of social anxiety because most people I was around didn't know I was struggling and I just felt so distant. I also didn't have that quick fix I used to lean on!..BUT last night I went to a friend's place who I ended up telling I'm sober when I cancelled on their new year's plans and I had a blast!! I actually felt comfortable in my own skin. When I got home I actually said to my SO "that was fun we should do that again!"..I'm riding a sober high this morning and it feels amazing :)
----------immediate responses--------

I have found that recently and it feels amazing.  It turns out I gave alcohol a whole lot more credit for my socialization than it deserves with the bonus of now not having to wonder exactly what I said or if I pissed someone off or embarrassed myself every 4th or 5th time.
Similar for me. I actually got to a point where I became really self-conscious of potentially embarrassing myself while drinking in social situations so I would try REALLY hard to act sober which occasionally meant I just stopped talking. The next morning I would try to remember everything I had said and done to assure myself I hadn't embarrassed myself. Socializing sober I don't have that anxiety. Sometimes yeah I'm in a quiet mood and don't feel like expending the energy to be upbeat but when I am in the mood to socialize doing it sober is so much more gratifying. I actually remember people's names what they do and conversations we've had.
I always wonder how I can be so Friendly and confident at work sober dealing with people I don't know but feel the need to drink for confidence at night?? I need to bare that in mind for future socials. Good for you for realising you don't need booze to enjoy yourself xx i wont drink with you tonight x
Well done you!!
Alcohol creates the illusion of confidence. People might think they're more intelligent in conversations while having no idea they're slurring words. I had the benefit of spending New Years with friends who were drinking. Amazing to see the destruction alcohol causes.
Great post I went through the same.  ..Now I actually enjoy being around those that are drinking knowing that my mind is clear and sharp.  Kind of fun watching people slowly lose their brainpower the more they have something I never noticed when I was doing it alongside them.  
Congratulations!
Sobriety taught me the most valuable lesson - if I feel uncomfortable its because I don't want to be there and I'm allowed to leave. If I am having fun - time will fly by and I won't notice. ..Not drinking taught me what I actually enjoyed! ..ALSO - an awkward night is better than any anxiety ridden hangover any day of the week. ..
