-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n9fkg/breakup_relapse/

So my boyfriend of 4.5-ish months broke up with me on Friday. Basically the reasoning was that I make him feel insecure because of my own personal/professional success. He also struggles with alcohol and he did become physical on two occasions with me during this time in connection with his drinking. On one hand I know that the relationship was unhealthy and that some qualities of it influenced my desire to drink. On the other I'm feeling lonely and I miss him. I did relapse following the breakup. It was a bad weekend. But also I feel like I'll be better off as things are. I'm sad but I'm hoping this will be an opportunity for me to grow. I don't really know what's motivating me to post right now besides a desire to get some feelings out. It shouldn't be complicated. I know I'm better off without the relationship. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're fabulous.  Just remember that.  
Let it all out. It's helpful to get your feelings out. It's totally ok to be lonely. It sucks but it's ok :) 
We can still feel sad when something's over even when it wasn't good for us. Keep on keeping on you got this 
It's so tough going through things like this.  I hope you have support IRL and know that we are here for you at /r/stopdrinking.  Time and good music helped me through my breakups.  I wish you strength and courage!  In the words of the great Janis Joplin "Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got."
Hey I'm going through a similar situation. I was with my fiance for 5 years and we broke up last week. You have an opportunity to start over in a new relationship and have it healthy and do everything right this time. Hang in there and don't let the relapse bother you; but learn from it and keep going :)
It's perfectly natural to be sad for what was lost - even if it's for the better overall. I don't think there's any way around it. Feeling it (instead of drowning it with alcohol as many of us including me have done) is so much better. Take care!
If he struggles with alcohol and he beat you twice in 4.5 months RUN. Revel in your good sense to leave. Life can be good if you give it a chance. I won't drink with you today. 
Alcohol did not enhance any of my relationships.  In sobriety I found mutual true love.
Definitely tough but ultimately seems like a blessing in disguise. Comfortable companionship is always tough to lose but do your best to know that you will feel better in time and don't even worry about the relapse. ..I wish you luck and I wont drink with you today. 
