-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5n9hn8/i_dont_know_why_its_different_this_time/

I wish I did know. That I could say "ahh hah I just needed to experience X or Y in order to quit drinking". I have humiliated myself had miserable hangovers gotten in arguments with people unnecessarily wrecked my car into a ditch gotten a DUI disappointed my husband disappointed my poor sweet loving husband... disappointed myself. I think the worst of it all is the fear of never knowing what to expect from myself. To never be able to say "I'll never put you in that situation again self". To do something that makes me feel so miserable the following day week month.. and then do it again what in the F*ck is wrong with me?  I'm 32 and until this past year I was only able to take 30 days off drinking once. Over this past year I have just been pounding my "mental fists" against the table. I'll say to myself that I'm going to take 30 days then only get to 2 days. I'll say I'm going to at least do 2 weeks then only do 8 days and so on. Week after week of try fail try small success fail. The mental muddle twisting at your self worth daily is enough to make you feel raving mad. ..I don't know why this time I went 30 days 31 today without drinking with hardly any struggle. I fear that tomorrow I'll wake up and crave a double IPA and a rolled cig that feeling of staring drunkenly up at the moon imagining what my parallel self is doing. Lost in the drunken stoner world I've become so accustomed to. But for some reason not today. Maybe my subconscious finally had the wool removed? Maybe I finally won the debate that alcohol was causing me a shit ton more grief than fun? One day at time I suppose. At least today I'm still riding on this sober train sneaking looks back waiting for the moment I go to look forward and realize that devils snuck and snatched the wheel again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done on your 31 days! Don't worry too much about tomorrow . We do this one day at the time :-)
That's great to hear I understand I've been there too. Have you read This Naked Mind? It changed my mindset and now I don't want to drink anymore. Good on you 
Congrats to you.  You are doing great.  I also read this naked mind and was on a real high for about 5 days.  It really helped (for a while) but some of us have to read it a few times which is what im going to do.  Again good job!
