-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nexpx/still_struggling_with_acceptance_of_my_disease/

A short history of where I'm coming from. Had over a year of sobriety with the help of AA. Recently gave birth to twin boys and have a 3 year old too (my first child seeing me pass out drunk one night is what my "rock bottom" was to get me to stop. After having twins I wasn't able to attend my meetings and the importance of my sobriety fell to the wayside) an eggnog daiquiri sounded good one afternoon while we were out and about. I live in New Orleans so I just hit up a drive through daq. Shop. Anyways that's all it took to bring my craziness back up. The next day it was a glass of wine the next it was two...and so on. Two weeks pass and I'm drinking a bottle a night. I called my sponsor. Started going back to meetings and doing my morning meditations. I've been sober almost a month. ..Life is just so damn hard right now I'm about to return to work part time I'm still up a few times a night feeding babies so I'm exhausted. I find myself romanticizing getting a drink!!! And I know I can't. And I know that drinking helps nothing. This is life---I have to learn to deal. It's just so hard sometimes to think "I can never drink again". Trying to focus on this one day at a time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Instead of saying "I cannot drink today"..I say: "I choose not to drink"..I find it more empowering to choose sobriety rather than believe I am being forced to be sober.
I can drink but I choose not to. When I drink bad stuff happens. Early on I made a list of all the negative consequences of my drinking. The papers are yellowing now but I have never forgotten. Since I don't want any of that misery I happily choose to stay sober. ..Congrats on the babies and for 22 days /u/rcsnola!
I know the slippery slope of which you speak.  I'm starting to find peace in the idea that I never HAVE to drink again with all the hellish fallout that comes with it for me.  Focused on today with you!
It sound like you need a break. Drinking would force you to take time for yourself. Is there a different way you can take a break and give yourself a treat?
I love those things too! Trip to the library and pedicure for sure! Thank you. 
