-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ngpft/shame_and_fear_of_rejectionhelp/

Hi so glad I found this anonymous place. I have been a bit crazy and paranoid lately! I am very insecure. I was never a daily drinker but had many shameful drinking episodes here and there and after a bad one that got me in trouble I decided to go to AA for a bit as my life was a caos and none of my friends wanted to talk to me. I manage to stay one year sober and made so many friends in AA and life got better in so many aspects specially career wise as I could be more productive and also I could maintained relationships for longer. But part of me still wanted to have the occasional drink and I started resenting not being able to have a drink with my friends and started thinking that it was to radical to quit all entirely and I was ashamed to say that I was in AA- just couldn't deal with that due to my conservative background. But as I knew that I got some benefits from the meetings I kept coming back from support and also cause I missed some friends and the message of hope. During my relapse and atemption to control drinking  I met an special person and we are now seen each other for 5 months and there is a spark. He has never saw me truly drunk as I was being able to control. I met his mon and all is going really well. I said to him that I had a problem with drinking but didn't get into much details or told about AA as I giving a break from the program. I don't think he took much note of that as he never saw me too drunk anyway and I managed as per many times to have one or two drinks with him. However during a trip back home for a friends wedding I had another shameful/terrible  episode after having too much proseco. I didn't remember what I did the next day. My friend told me and I was horrified. Even if it was her wedding she has forgiven me for what I have done after I have apologised myself. I thought I had to know what happened and asked her to write it in an email to me. She even said that I should be careful and control better and only have two or three. Which is what I want to do. But after I read the email I thought I had to go back to AA and have another try in living sober as I don't want to have another shameful story. I'm in huge internal conflict because I know I benefit from the program and the support network but I still feel I want to have the occasional drink plus I don't have courage to disclose to my newly boyfriend that I have been to/I am going to AA as I am scared that he my leave me when finding out that I have a problem and I like him so much. I have a great AA friend that wants to sponsor me but I am still full of doubts on what to do and I keep changing my mind every second and I am starting to get quite paranoid with this whole situation as I don't know what to do and my life and my head is a mess! I'm sorry for the long post but I need to get out of my chest in a hope of receiving some messages or comments from someone who has had a similar situation or conflict. HELP! 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think what you are feeling is very uncommon - I didn't want to get sober but I did and I would flip flop back and forth every day.  I knew deep down that I had to quit drinking - but before I committed I had to exhaust every possible loophole (maybe I can just drink on the weekends (didn't work) maybe just anything but wine (didn't work) maybe if I take a month off (didn't work) etc. ..I didn't want to tell my SO either and we have been together 8 years.  However when I did it was like a major weight had been lifted and he couldn't have been more supportive.  I think you should give your SO some credit is he the type of guy that would leave if given this information?  If so he doesn't sound like a great guy.  ..I know that people on here have attended meetings even though they weren't ready to stop drinking yet - the meetings definitely aren't going to make anything worse and it seems you get a lot of support out of it.  ..I have a therapist and listen to a TON Of recovery podcasts that kind of keep my thinking in line so perhaps add some more resources to your program.   Hang in there. 
Well done on reaching out for help. I believe that until there is a lurking notion that we are imune to alcohol (aka able to control)  shame has more chances to occur over and over again. One great proposal is to fire yourself as the manager of your life and accept spiritual help. This is true however  for alcoholics. 
[removed]
Thank you so much for taking the time to comment here! I already got back to the meetings and I met my New sponsor. I feel less anxious! My bf is a kind guy! I'm sure he will understand. I will pray for my hp and hand it over! 
Thank you for taking the time to comment in here! I am willing to have the spiritual experience and I know my way didn't work. I will pray for acceptance and I am sure my BF will understand and don't judge me. He is a very kind guy. Will pray to my hp and hand it over....
