-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5njp3m/career_change_after_getting_sober/

I am reallllllly struggling right now with deciding whether to stay or change careers. Alcohol video games and porn were my stress relievers and with them gone the high stress (middle school teacher) and longish commute (35-45 mins) of my job is killing me......or so it feels that way right now?? I don't know if it's just my body needs time to get use to the new me or if I really need to consider a career change. ..If people could share their stories dealing with their sobriety and career impact it would ease my aniexty.
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't do the career change while getting sober but definitely did the commute bit. I found audio books to help me a lot. I am especially fond of listening to stories and could get lost in them while driving. Helped me deal with traffic stress too.
I'll be honest I'm considering it...I'm like you -- my life was built around ignoring what my feelings were telling me.  That I didn't necessarily like a couple of things I was doing that maybe I wanted something new in a few areas...I had to relearn how to 'feel' as I was avoiding it for so many years.  Now I listen to that voice and yeah sometimes it says 'make a change'.  It's not quite that simple (married kids mortgage; responsibilities are real things) but I do feel that since listening to my feelings has helped me so much in sobriety I owe it to listen all the time.
I changed my career for the better at four months sober. It was challenging in many ways but I'm glad to be somewhere that's better for me in the ways that matter. I knew that I was in a dead-end where I was working so it wasn't a tough choice. I have a longer commute though it's not too bad. I didn't really plan the change I just saw a job that sounded a few steps forwards and applied out of desperation and despite not being qualified for the role they were happy that I had the potential to develop into it. My probationary period was nerve-wracking but I took it easy keeping my work-life balance in check.
So I am considering making a change as well. My job is boring 70% of the time and extremely busy the other 30% which worked for me when I was drinking / hungover all of the time.  Now I am bored out of my skull which is also working for me right now as I transition into a healthy sober lifestyle. However I am working on my resume and I am making a goal of 2/15 to start applying for new positions. It typically takes 6 months - a year to find a job in my profession / area especially since I am looking to level up. That will give me a good chunk of sobriety before I start something new. If you are really looking to change careers dramatically it wouldn't hurt to start doing some research on what you want to do next earlier rather than later.
If I could change careers I would. I feel like I'm too far deep into mine (and too scared and too . . . I don't know . . . untrainable?? Old??) to make a change. The high stress part of my job (dealing with loads of needy people every day) will end in about 1.6 years. So I'm considering holding on until then to see if things get better (better could mean changing my attitude -- I'm working on that as that would yield the greatest benefit in the long run likely)...Part of the problem is that I'm not really sure what else I'm good at. And of course there's always money to worry about (I'm not getting any younger and age could begin to be a factor in the hiring process illegal though that may be)...I do know that as the days roll on I get better at dealing with the stress. ..Thank you for the service you've provided as a middle school teacher. You're in the trenches.
Teaching is so so hard. My ex was (is?) a high school teacher and she would come home *traumatized* by those kids sometimes. Plus the other teachers were full of gossip and it was just not a place she wanted to be...It's a noble profession but you absolutely should not feel ashamed for wanting something less stressful it's one of the hardest jobs there is...I haven't changed careers quite yet but since getting sober I did apply to graduate school! Yay! I'm working at an environmental nonprofit now. I love my boss and my coworkers but I've always wanted to do something in the public health field so I'm pursuing a masters in public health. Also a better salary would be nice :) 
I finally had the confidence in sobriety to leave a dysfunctional and toxic workplace...I am now paid much more and I no longer cry at work...Win win!!
I was advised not to make any major changes in my life for one year. That would give me sufficient time to adjust to my new state of mind. Also sounds like you have a bad case of SOBER or Son Of a Bitch Everything's Real!!! .Best of luck to you. 
I was told not to make ANY big decisions in the first year of continuous sobriety. So much about your body your personality your relationships and your life change while you are starting recovery. It is critical that you let your physiological issues sort themselves out before you trust your emotional state. 
