-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nl65j/alcohol_did_a_great_job_masking_my_latent_anxiety/

Since forever I thought I just had a bit of a tendency for being a bit anxious every now and then and feeling sad and sorry and just kind of blue in general. I didn't think much of it. Instead I drank. Now that I look back at my drinking career especially the worst parts of it it seems that drinking coincided heavily with being more anxious and sad. Maybe a bit too heavily for it to be a coincidence...So I thought that if I stopped drinking maybe I'll fix myself and not feel like there's a sword dangling over my head all the time. Well in a lot of ways I started to feel better I started to feel more put together and more in touch with my feelings and with the world. However I realized that everything still feels kind of thick and heavy and it's very hard to get up in the morning and I still feel cautious and nervous all the time. I had a couple weeks off around Christmas I was really looking forward to it thinking that maybe it was just some stress from the studies and responsibilities and when I'll finally have some downtime I'll be able to unwind from it all and relax...That didn't exactly happen. Instead I broke down completely spent most of my days off crying alone in my flat. My heart was racing hands trembling couldn't relax couldn't concentrate on anything. Didn't feel like doing anything couldn't really sleep despite of being exhausted. I felt so fucking miserable I don't think I've ever felt that bad. Not even when I went to detox half a year ago 'cause back then *I at least had a reason for feeling miserable*. Now everything was supposed to be normal and good. I had been making great headway with sobriety learning a lot about myself how I should actually live my life to be happy how to relax without chemicals. I was even completely fine about my relapse in December I bounced straight back having learned some lessons...When I had to get back from my vacation I felt I had wasted it completely. I started blaming myself for being such a sensitive little piece of shit I should be able to keep my head together *especially* now that I'm not drinking to hide my feelings. It's not such a good strategy so I came to the conclusion that now's a time for some professional help with my head. Earlier I'm sure I would have just brushed it off but coping with problems with alcohol has apparently taught me a lot of humility. Posting here reading everyone's experiences it's really made me grow as a person so big thanks to all of you...So a couple of days ago I went to a psychologist for the first time. As it turns out I'm having pretty bad symptoms of burnout topped with a generous amount of generalized anxiety and some nice depression sprinkled on top of it all. Now there's a couple of reasons for this rather long-winded post and why I'm posting this here: If I hadn't tried to drink away my anxiety maybe it wouldn't ever have gotten this bad. Maybe I'd have learned ways to cope earlier since now I apparently need to anyway. Maybe I'd have been happier a better person a better me whatever. Maybe maybe not. Doesn't matter now...Also just getting sober didn't miraculously solve all my problems on its own; rather it seems that getting sober allowed my deeper problems to surface. Even though there's still a lot of lingering anxiety and I'm still very tense and get irritated easily and find it very hard to get anything done or to find pleasure in anything I know that I'm still one step closer to being where I want to be. Can't deal with this kind of problems when drunk or hungover or looking for the next drink to drown it all...Life's got its ups and downs it seems even without drinking. A fucking roller coaster all right but I'm gonna sit back fix myself and enjoy the ride. Tried to dull the pain now I know that won't work.
----------immediate responses--------

The worst part about alcohol is that it sure does a good job allowing you to ignore your problems. But it seems when you sober up those problems are always worse. Hang tight man! The road won't be easy but it will get better even when it feels like it gets worse.
It keeps getting better. At 2.5yrs as someone who identifies completely with your post I can say I still struggle with depression and anxiety but life has leveled out substantially. Most days are better today than most drinking days. Some feel similar but usually I'm not doing stupid stuff and trying to help others on those days. I hope you stick with it!
I am so sorry that you had to go through all of that.  You seem to be really hard on yourself in your post you are doing such a good job getting sober!  It does get better.  You will heal.  You will become whole again.  Keep going steady! 
