-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nmjvj/emotional_issues_and_alcohol/

I drank a lot from 18-28.  I knew it was a problem but I didn't care.  I was miserable broke and full of self hatred.  ..About 9 months into sobriety I sought therapy.  Acceptance and Commitment Therapy changed my life.  The actual therapy lasted about 8 months but the shift towards self compassion continues...As part of a self help book I wrote a 10000 word autobiography.  It was full of awful stuff.  A perpetually angry and disappointed single mother; struggles with disordered eating and depression in middle school; an abusive high school boyfriend (I'd brushed it off at the time but it was bad); the death of my college boyfriend in a single vehicle drunk driving accident; years of low level jobs and poverty...I realized that I didn't drink because I was stupid or incapable of drinking normally or self destructive.  I drank because I had a shitload of emotions to process and no tools to process them with.   ..Not everyone is taught good coping mechanisms as a child.  Sometimes drinking is the only thing we know.  Some problem drinkers have otherwise good lives but in my experience they are the exception rather than the rule...After sobering up and confronting all my emotional turmoil I felt overwhelmed.  Then I realized that sobriety has equipped me to be the care giver I always needed.  ..I labeled myself as an asshole and a failure without looking at the context of my behavior.  I'd advise anyone feeling bad about their drinking to do the same.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your success.  Thanks for sharing this here.  Getting started on your personal journey is the hardest part for many
I once overheard someone say something along the lines of "Getting sober is a self-loving act. If It feels impossible it's because it's very difficult to take a step in doing something self-loving when you don't actually love yourself."..That always stuck with me I thought of myself as a stupid and weak person who needed more self-control not someone who needed more love and understanding.
OMG THIS IS MY STORY TOO!!!  Thanks for sharing this!
That is a great success story!
YUP.
You are incredibly brave and courageous for facing all of your past emotional turmoils.  You are right no one really wants to self destruct or self hate it's just we didn't get enough skills to cope when we were younger.    
I'm proud of you and thank you for sharing this
I can so relate to this! Thank you for sharing your beautiful story. 
&gt;I realized that I didn't drink because I was stupid or incapable of drinking normally or self destructive. I drank because I had a shitload of emotions to process and no tools to process them with....Thank you most sincerely for saying this.
This is spot on. As corny as this sounds a lot of my sobreity has been about reparenting myself. A mentor once asked me what if you are the hero you always needed as a child and it always stuck with me. I can't do anything to change my past but I get to choose how to deal with it.
Devilishly good number of days you have there...  :o
I can for sure relate. I've realized lately I need to learn how to cope with life. It really is overwhelming at times. This post lifted my spirits and gave me much-needed hope so thanks for posting!
