-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5nuv4j/hi2_weeks_sober_and_i_found_you_guys/

Hi I decided that my last drink would be on December 31st so I have been sober as of January 1st.  In that time I've been doing a lot of research and I found this forum.  I've finally decided to come out of lurk mode :)..I just wanted to say how amazing it is to read so many stories that mimic my (past) life.  I am an African-American 37/F with a degree from Chicago and I can relate to so many other peoples stories.  I've been able to see that no matter what age race social status education level income or regional area this poison has us all in the same struggle.  .One of the things that really resonated with me was rotating liquor stores so the cashiers wouldn't "judge" you (which is so ridiculous thinking back).  I would drink AT LEAST 1 of the large bottles of wine a night (for YEARS) sometimes going back for more when I finished.  In the past couple of months I graduated to fifths or Tequila Vodka and Hennessey (each one in "waves" apparently in my intelligent mind...the sugar in the wine was bad for me...ha!).  In the end I knew I couldn't keep going like this.  I would wake up with the nasty taste of liquor in my mouth and instantly feel like a loser.  My "bodily functions" weren't normal and I was starting to really worry about my health.  All I kept saying to myself was "this isn't normal I have got to stop".  I decided I wasn't going to go into the New Year like that and I decided to make a change.  I went to church on the 1st and prayed hard for God to help me and with his help and my own self-determination I am here 13 days sober.  I went "cold turkey" which is not recommended but I knew there was no tapering for me.  Some of the things I've gone through:.-Embarrassed when you take out the trash/hear the garbage man and know when their at your house cuz you hear all the bottles rattling;.-Saying to yourself you're only going to drink "x" amount of glasses today and end up drinking all of that plus going for more..-Going to a party/lounge and still having to stop and get something to drink for when you get home;.-Going to important meetings (including interviews) and can barely concentrate because you hope you don't smell like liquor from the night before;.-Constant diarrhea;.-Waking up not remembering driving home;.-Close DUI calls...one time the same cop pulled me over a second time weeks later when I rolled the window down and he saw who I was he said "Are you kidding me?".  I was so ashamed thank God he let me go.  ..I'm not a super-religious person but I was raised in church and have a lot of the values instilled in me.  We ALL need to be thanking God not just because the alchohol itself hasn't killed us but all of the times we could have died in car accidents been hurt/assaulted/robbed/taken advantage of gone to jail etc.  ..I can say it has definitely not been easy but from reading this forum I know there are others who have been through much worse but I just wanted to say that we are all in this together even though we may take different approaches to it.  As long as we have (and achieve) the same goal that all that matters!..Thank you so much for reading! :)..Thank you for reading. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  I'm glad you found us too!!!
Turn to god and surrender.  Stay the course my friend.  You will NEVER regret getting sober 
Thank you for sharing! I saw myself in your words. ..Cheers! Not drinking with you is great! 
Welcome!  Glad you're here. It's a great place to be.  
Thank you guys!  You have me in tears and for once I can say it's not because I'm drunk and in my feelings! lol
Great post. Almost all of your points resonate w me. (All except the getting pulled over points) I suppose the worst is when I would say "tonight is going to be a light drinking night" and I would exceed even my usual volume. ..Took me about 23 days to find this subreddit.  Glad you found us. I owe so much of my sobriety to-date to what I have learned here. I won't be drinking with you today. 
Welcome thanks for sharing. I definitely relate to a lot of your story. I'm here and I will not drink with you today. 
congratulations! I so related to your entire story
