-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ny3o9/half_way_around/

My precious... I made it to 6 months! I never thought I would.  A few years ago I thought about going a few days without alcohol and just couldn't see it.  I was trapped.  I thought I'd always be trapped.  Here I am half way around the sun without a drop of booze.  A lot of people say "if I can do it anyone can."  I'm one of those people.  I was a blackout drunk.  I was completely functional I've had a job since I was 17.  I've always been anxious and introverted I nursed that with alcohol like it was the mother of medications.  I yearned for connection with people and told myself I could only open up after a few glasses of wine.  I thought I'd be a shut in completely uninteresting without alcohol.  I was scared of so many things when it came to the thought of not drinking... Here are some toxic beliefs that kept me drinking that have been debunked completely.  I hope these help you:.-I couldn't deal with motherhood without alcohol.  How wrong I was here.. I look back now at how many times I sniped at my son while nursing a hangover how many times I handed him an ipad because I could barely function.  One of my prized possessions in sobriety is an ocean of patience that had been dried up (sucked out).  I play games with my son at night now mornings are calm and smooth.  At the end of the day there's nothing to drink about and I know drinking won't ease the heartache of being a mother.  My heart is running out there in the world... that's just a fact and I'm ok with it (mostly)..-I couldn't sing in front of people without courage juice.  I'm a karaoke queen.  Singing is one of those things that gets me going.  One of my secret dreams is to join a small jazz band and perform here and there.  I thought for the longest time I'd have to drink before getting up there... See I have these dreams but I'm an anxious mess. I shake and turn red when attention is directed my way.  Here's what I've learned- shame is the precipice on which my anxiety toddles.  The more I drank the more I felt ashamed of who I was my voice.  I won't go into every detail of how that's transformed; Tori Amos repeats in my head when I think of it "I hear my voice and its been here.. silent all these years.".-  I couldn't deal with my stressful job without "unwinding" every night.  Well when you bring the baseline down to 0 stress doesn't have a chance to hit the ceiling. I was playing life on hard mode.  It's amazing what changes when you physically feel ok.  Stop looking for the fountain of youth.. it's really simple..-I can't write without booze.  I have a doc on my desktop.. a novel I've been pecking at for years.  My routine was drink 5 glasses spew out the endless narrative in my head.  I typically got a page in before not being able to read what I typed or full out passing out on the keyboard.  I deleted quite a bit that way.. comical really.  I thought I wouldn't be able to access that without being a drunk mess; like it somehow made me complicated and thus creative.  This hinges on a collective fallacy really creativity is not linked to destroying yourself.  The flip side is cultivating who you are as a creator.   It works much better..-I have severe anxiety I'm just one of those people who'll always have to medicate with alcohol.  If I could go back in time and test sobriety for 6 months when I was 18 I can't imagine how much time and energy I'd save on breaking the cycle.  The use and recovery spiral taught me that I had to hide myself.  I was filled with shame and would have panic attacks whenever I had to perform (I run meetings so this was especially pervasive).  I would fondle thoughts of how red I'd turn how bad I'd shake.  It's amazing really that I kept going.  I refused to let anxiety squash my dreams.  That battle raged for years  Now that I'm sober I can see clearly that a good portion of that battle was self imposed.  Sobriety is the best anti-anxiety med for me. I'm still an over thinker I still blush and hesitate don't get me wrong.  I'm not advocating to stop your meds  I'm not a doctor.  If you've been tossing around the idea of quitting alcohol but fear your anxiety will shoot through the roof just try it out.  There's no reason to push your anxiety threshold to the limit by continuing a love affair with alcohol.  .-The person I am when I blackout is a reflection of my deepest subconscious struggles.  This was a huge one for me.. Believing I was the asshole that came out after my brain stopped recording my actions.  This was in my mind my deepest self.  This unknown identity was the expression of so much pain a being that  needed to come out  and would somehow purge all the things I stuffed away.  I thought after that asshole got out what it needed to I'd be a happy drunk.  I continued to punish myself for my alter ego's mistakes for treating the ones I love with disdain.  I thought that dark shadow was a piece of me I had to both fear and foster.  Here's the thing  alcohol is not the great truth serum we think it is.  That reactive bitch is not me.  I am not those actions that kept me shoulder deep in shame and self-loathing.  .Thank God Almighty  I'm free at last..Last night I celebrated my 6 month birthday with by slamming a 12 pack of coconut La Croix and playing Egyptian Rat Screw with the husband.  It felt great. .Thanks for reading my wall of text!  Not drinking with you today. FTZ!!!        .
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post congrats on 6 months! It took me a lot to get over the guilt that I am not the asshole I am when I drink. I also had to reconcile who I actually am because so much of my identity was tied up in drinking. Sounds like you've had a lot of good self realizations thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today!
Nice job! You're truly seeing some great benefits at 6 months. Let's keep at it! 
Looking good going good. Mission Control; You are at a 180 of a 360 - congratulations! ;-)
Holy moly 6 months is a huge accomplishment!  Thanks for sharing your perspective and inspiring progress with those of us who are following behind you!  FTZ I will not drink with you today!
Playing life on hard mode is a perfect metaphor I bet the novel is good! 
