-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ny79o/treatment/

I've been drinking daily (750 ml Vodka). A bottle a day. I have also been trying to get myself into treatment for the last six months. An embarrassing amount of trips to the ER and detox facilities to get straight and the second I got out I would drink again. My insurance wouldn't cover rehab and it seemed like every doctor AODA counselor and therapist told me I would more than likely drink myself to death or become a ward of the state due to my drinking...Well I got myself an OWI a few weeks ago and was just at the bottom. In and out of detox mental wards hospitals you name it. Spent a night in jail and the second I got out I bought a bottle of vodka and gulped it down on my walk back to detox...So I spend 5 days in detox begging counselors and doctors to help me. I can't quit drinking on my own. I'm in the chronic stage. Chronic alcoholism and chronic relapses. I finally was assigned a different AODA counselor in detox and on my final day I was just expecting to get a taxi to the local homeless shelter and I'd be back at it...Well instead of getting the taxi my counselor busted his ass all day making phone calls and he called me into his office to have a chat.....He secured funding through the county I live in so I could spend 28 days in rehab! This happened a week ago on Friday...Now I am getting the help I need the medication I need and the counselling I need. I couldn't be happier. No more sleeping in my truck no more drinking until I pass out and no more bullshit...I'm not drinking today and I am extatic.
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent. I am so happy for you and I am not drinking today in solidarity with you.
Most excellent 
That is SO fantastic!!! .. I'm really proud of you for continuing to try to get help for yourself.  That is INSANELY hard to do when you're constantly hitting road blocks.  I'm thrilled to hear it all worked out for you! ..Congratulations and lots of love and luck!!
I would remember that kind of commitment if someone busted that much ass for me. We can't really get sober for anyone but ourselves but having others sharing in the load sure helps!
I'm really happy for you! Best wishes on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
Great news!! I'm so happy that counselor got you in :). I'm sending you a big hug!! You CAN do this.
This is awesome you deserve it and you can do it! Keep us updated if you can.
You might consider sober living/recovery homes 90 in 90 or a partial day program when you finish rehab. You can do it!
I will not drink with you today way to go! So happy you found someone to help!
Solid plan. Get it.
