-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o1fmc/ill_probably_relapse_tonight/

Obvious throwaway username here.  Long post..apologies in advance...I'd like to introduce everyone to Mr. Alcoholic Brain.  He's a friend of mine. We used to be a lot closer than we are now. Hell for at least 12 years we were inseparable.  133 days ago we had a disagreement and we've been talking less and less ever since.  You could say we've grown apart.  Don't get me wrong I've run into him around town a number of times in the past 133 days.  I bumped into him at three different weddings the holidays rounds of golf work happy hours and a kegger on New Years Eve.  I always kept the conversation short and sweet so as not to be rude to an old friend.  Fast forward to this week when he reached out telling me about this perfect crime he had come up with.  See he had heard through the grapevine that my wife would be out of town tonight leaving me home alone with my daughter.  He knew that I had to leave the house this afternoon for a bit and my Mom would be watching my daughter for a few hours.  He told me it would be the perfect opportunity to swing by the liquor store and pick up a bottle of vodka.  Keep in mind this was the perfect crime he was talking about so the details are what's important.  I had told him years back that there is one credit card that my wife isn't joint on that I use for miscellaneous expenses usually related to work.  A monthly debit from our joint checking account to pay that card off would be par for the course he figured...no one would be the wiser.  This was key because I rarely carry cash on me and today was no different.  So I went a picked up that bottle this afternoon and kept it in my trunk until my daughter went to bed...probably overly cautious on my part but did that on the small chance my parents or a friend dropped in the visit this afternoon.  Mr. AB also knew that my wife would want to video chat at my daughters bedtime and after that would be preoccupied with her friends for the evening but would probably call at least once more later this evening.  That leaves me with two choices...wait until that call happens or just moderate until it does so I can speak clearly enough to pass as being sober.  The call hasn't happened yet and thus far I've decided to wait until it does.  Once I have a sufficient buzz going I would simply dump the rest down the drain (assuming any is left) and hide the bottle back in my golf bag in the trunk of my car to be disposed of the next time I pump gas.  The mixers would be Mountain Dew which I can drink 5 or 6 of on a Saturday night without raising any eyebrows.  If I get to bed at a decent hour and drink a Gatorade in the morning I should be in the clear by Noon when my wife arrives back home.  No one will ever know besides me and my buddy Mr. AB...heck he even convinced me it's the least I can do for myself for all the hard work I've put in to get to this point.  We've even talked about doing it again next time this situation arises which is only a few times annually.  It can be our little secret...a reward for myself if you will.  The only thing he didn't account for was the guilt I'd feel thinking about what may transpire in the upcoming hour and the fact that I would write this post on SD.  I'm looking for some words of wisdom out there...I'm clinging to these last 133 days with everything I've got. If I can make it through this night sober I can make it through anything.  Thank you for reading if you've made it this far.  I hope to be 134 days sober tomorrow but I honestly don't know if I will be.
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of planning involved. How can you dissemble your plan?
How will you feel about having drank that vodka tomorrow? Is it really worth it? In my experience the negative consequences almost always outweigh the short term effects. 
I won't drink with you tonight. ..I hope you wake up tomorrow not hung over and have your 134 days of sobriety. I look up to your number and how far you have come in your journey. 
Jesus pour it out. We don't plan and scheme and hide like this for anything we SHOULD be doing. ..AB is an asshole. 
I hope you make it.  The whole thought process sounds exhausting.  The past 2 Friday and Saturday nights have been huge triggers for me.  But coming on here and reading or venting have helped a ton.  I will not drink tonight I hope you will too so you don't wake and have that terrible guilt.  Good luck!
I almost relapsed tonight. Ms. AB did some careful planning as well and was afforded multiple opportunities. It was a cage match between me and her. Ladders. Chairs. Hell in a cell. But the thought of keeping that relapse a secret? I would have had to delete my SD account. Never return. Never go back to any of my meetings. Never tell my SO. My mom. My coworkers. That's a lot of emotional baggage. Really heavy baggage. I say chuck the vodka. Tell Mr. AB to fuck off. 
Hang in there buddy! You've got his far. Show AB who is the boss here and remember what an A Hole it really is. Remember it is just an ethanol based drug dressed up as something else. We use it to fuel our cars FFS! Remember it does nothing for you or me or any of us. Your Wife and Daughter will be with you tomorrow and you will feel so friggin awesome that you will be on day 134 and getting on with your life. I'm on day 7 and am looking forward to being on day 134 also. Catch up with you tomorrow. 
I hope you make it through the night.  I know all about wanting to drink when my SO is out of town.  I've never regretted not drinking can't tell you the number of times I did regret it.  I'll not drinking tonight hope you join me. 
I failed myself &lt;1hr ago. The self loathing has already happened not enjoying the 'buzz' whatsoever. Tomorrow you will feel prouder and stronger for staying true to yourself. 
Hey man I hope you pour it out. Wake up tomorrow healthy for you and your daughter. Keep us posted how it's going.
Ahhh Moriarty - the perfect crime - ALMOST!..At the end of the day we're the only ones who keep us sober.  You know that.  133 is far too wonderful a number to flush down the proverbial toilet...Also - wives are (and I mean this in a totally good yet kidding way) witches.  They can divine things from the slimmest clues.  Chances are she smell something (they can be bloodhounds when it comes to that) or notice something that you forgot to pick up in your drunken stupor...So... please don't drink.  You and your non-aching head will thank me in the morning.
If I were you I would dump it- it's not worth it &amp; like Thinkingaboutstuff2 said- wives ALWAYS know- they have mad sixth sense! You can get past this - MR. AB should be shown the door- FOREVER! I will not drink with you tonight..Hang in there - you can do it! 
133 is massive you should be proud of yourself. The craving will pass just give it time. Go for a walk a run play some video games watch a movie masturbate or (all of these at once?) whatever the hell you enjoy and just get your mind off of it for a few minutes. Tomorrow will be so much better if you don't drink tonight and you'll be stronger for having overcome this hurdle. Please don't drink! 
After a lot of mental gymnastics I poured it down the drain.  The risk outweighed the reward.  Thank you SD for your support.  I won't drink with you all tonight.
I would tread lightly in that situation. Although I would be tempted to do the same I would never forgive myself. Well planned caper though I must confess. ..My growing number is the one thing I am proud of I would  not want to lose that. ..I will not have a drink with you tonight. 
Good job! It's not easy to step back from that ledge once the alcohol is in one's possession. 
