-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o308m/8_months_sd_rocks_more_blackout_dates_than_an/

http://imgur.com/gallery/qFKDc?lr=0.Warning-Long Post..Let me start this off by saying the day I Decided to stop drinking alcohol I was referred to this sub by a great friend of mine. He's still struggling with this business but I'm 100% certain he will be fine. .This is just something I wanted to address because I've seen so many individuals who have had it with alcohol. 8 months is by no means an extraordinary feat compared to some people here but it is the longest I've remained alcohol free since I was 18. .The first few days I had horrible anxiety coupled with a strange feeling of the unknown that lie ahead. I wasn't one of those guys that drank all day everyday but when I drank one beer the hamster in my head started on his wheel. This was the toughest week by far. So many different feelings physically and mentally. Luckily I had joined this SUB and it helped so much in the first few weeks. I would (and still do) read post after post and it's like every single one read can be related in some way to my life or how alcohol affected it. I've done AA before and the ones around the town here aren't the best. It's not for me at the moment but I may hop in sometime. .After the first few weeks I started to see tremendous changes in my body both mentally and physically. I lost the "bloatiness" face and weight started to fall off. I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes a few months before quitting. .My A1C was 8.something. After 2 months it was 6.1. .This news along with an appreciation for sobriety is what has helped keep alcohol out of my system. .If anyone reading this thinks that you can't do it I want you to stop and read this sentence over and over..You CAN do it.  I know in some cases the alcohol withdrawal is severe and may require medical supervision but after that is long gone it's on us and no one else to decided whether we are going to drink today tomorrow or any other day. .Every day gives me a reason to drink..or at least that's what my brain tells me. I rationalize so many things in my head and often think "just one" but deep down I know what would happen..Not drinking has fueled my life in a positive direction aside from a few things that are out of my control but at the end of the day I can go home kisss my SO and NOT drink. No hangovers no anxiety no fighting no excuses no drunk texts/calls no blackout nights no more..Cheers to another sober day SD. ..P.s. If you've made it this far.... GO Cowboys! :))).
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic!  Woo Hoo!  Awesome pics!..Where will the "Cowboys Go"?  .....after they lose to the Falcons?  ;D
Excellent work well done..am loving the before and after :).It really is a great feeling it waking with a hangover and a fear of what happened the night before-such a new feeling for me!.Keep at it Chris your post is inspirational.
Hey Chris!!! Congratulations on 8 months my friend! As always you're lookin' great! Thanks for sharing the pic's and the story they are truly inspirational...I will not comment on your Cowboys statement - I'm leaving that to you and our dear friend PG ;). 
Cheers to another day!! Brilliant work! An inspiration xx
8 months is a huge feat! Congratulations !
Your before pic looks like your dad OP! Lol.  Awesome job!  How much weight did you lose and how long did it take.  I'm 2 weeks in with a  10 pound weight loss.  Glad you are getting healthy and gettin those sugars under control.  I will not drink with you today.
You have still lost more weight than I have but I will track you down  Congrats you look great.
Way to go 8 months is awesome!  Congrats thanks for the post.
Go Packers! Congrats I CAN do it.
Awesome! Keep up the great work. Let's keep kicking ass one day at a time. ..And as a resident of Dallas and card-carrying Romosexual I'll also be rooting for your Boys even though my team always has been and always will be the Niners haha. 
Man! This is inspirational. Thanks for sharing!
8 months is a milestone ! The B&amp;A pic is a real testimony to that. Congrats to you ! 
Celebrating your 8 months!..&gt;Every day gives me a reason to drink..or at least that's what my brain tells me. I rationalize so many things in my head and often think "just one" but deep down I know what would happen...It's good to be reminded that this is something we all must contend with.  Some days the lizard brain gets super sneaky about it...
Congrats and thanks for the encouragement. 
you look great with one chin we all do!..Congrats on 8 months! 
I LOVE this post!! Congrats on 8 months!.I am envious of your success. I continue to struggle and have settled into a pattern of quitting for 2-3 weeks and then drinking hard for a few days then quitting again... wash rinse repeat...How the heck to I get over the three week hump that keeps bringing me back?..Go COWBOYS!!
Thanks for this.  I am a sucker for the "just one" voice and that has gotten me in the past.  Thank you for showing me I am not the only one that has that voice.  
Also you look 10 years younger
Very well said Chris. Your transformation is inspiring. The 'just one' also hits home and probably my biggest challenge as I look down the road. There will be many of those moments each disguised in one form of spontaneous justification or another. :) 
Congrats on 8 months you look 10 times better. Your beard also suits you well.
Congrats!!!! 
You look awesome mate. Congrats...Also eff the Packers. 
Congrats!
**Congrats on 8 months!***..You look way better dude keep it up!
Fantastic! We could make millions in reality tv just by doing before and afters then donating the proceeds to SD! Great job! You look mahhhvelous.
