-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o5c6q/kava/

Hey r/stopdrinking ..I went out to a kava lounge the other day and tried a kava drink made from the kava kava root found in South Pacific countries. I made sure to double-check with the server to guarantee there was no kind of alcohol in it and went ahead and tried it. All told in the last week I've had about 3 kava drinks because I thought it was a quirky thing to try and it made me feel calm in a happy not-sleepy way sort of like a reverse cup of chamomile tea...Here's the thing apparently there's something called "reverse tolerance" with kava and by the third time I felt a lot goofier than I expected I would having had an herbal drink in a hipster part of town and it made me worried. I spoke with my psychiatrist and he told me to stay away from kava because it can be habit forming and almost act as a passive replacement for alcohol in its effect. ..I'm just worried about this. After speaking with my psych I am not going to have it again but does anyone else have experience with this? Do you consider it a relapse of sorts? Is it safe to stay away from experimenting with any and all legal "herbal" type remedies? I'm probably overthinking this and just stressing myself out but I would really appreciate some other peoples opinions on the matter. ..Obviously everyone runs a different program that suits their needs but for me it includes being clean and sober. I enjoyed experiencing kava but I can't help but feel a little guilty (curse my catholic upbringing!)
----------immediate responses--------

In my book not a relapse.... my goal is to stop drinking alcohol.. period! There is some cotroversy I believe but like anything in life you know the answer. If you feel it is then it is... if you know in your heart it wasn't then it wasn't. For me it's alcohol... but I have my own definition of a relapse mouthwash has alcohol in it... I'm not even going there... if I take medicine for a cough or cold.. free pass in my book. I kiss a woman that's been drinking... big plus... no relapse there either.... take it easy on yourself.. your doing great! So you tried some Kava no big deal... but again that's my opinion. Wish you the best. You got this!
I tied non-alcoholic beer about 100 days into sobriety. It has a little.bir of alcohol in it no I don't count it as a relapse. It's something I'm glad I tried because it freaked me out because I thought that maybe it counted as a relapse. What it made me realize was how important my sobriety is to me...Relapsing is a personal thing and if you feel like drinking kava counted as a relapse than it was a relapse. If I drank kava I wouldn't count it as a relapse...I don't see much of a difference between that and a coffee shop or a hookah bar. Caffeine is a drug and so it nicotine. Plenty of alcoholics drink coffee and smoke cigarettes are they relapsing? No. ..My cheif issue was with alcohol. If I have a drink than I relapsed. That's kind of the bottom line. ..There is a grey area like food and mouthwash but that opens a lot of other questions that you need to ask yourself and answer personally.
There is a small sub for r/kava. Kava has been used in the pacific for ages that's why they don't drink a lot of alcohol there. Many have used kava as an aid to stop drinking or even as a substitute. There is no known health complications with kava unlike alcohol and there is a reverse tolerance. ..Some say the liver can take damage from kava but it has since been proven to only be the leaves. Kava is also non-addictive so you can't develop a physical dependence to it. You can get all kinds of different kava root drinks with different effects. Having tried it I can only recommend :)
I've had plenty of Kava I think it's great and found it non addictive. I would not consider it a relapse at all. 
I tried kava years ago and it didn't seem to do anything for me (then again I was drinking so maybe it just didn't do *enough* and I wasn't into subtle effects). But this last week I've been taking low doses of kratom (not every day but maybe half the days). I don't consider it a relapse because my addiction is to alcohol. In fact most of the times I take it it's in such low doses that there is very little effect just an increased feeling of well-being. But I've noticed that it is clearly in the drug category (versus herbal teas like chamomile for example) and I could easily become psychologically dependent on it and use it as a crutch to avoid full reality. I know someone who was sober from alcohol for a while but just replaced the dependency on something else rather than dealing with reality and sobriety making it not a big leap to go right back to alcohol unfortunately. So I'll probably cut down to using it only every few weeks at max. (Since luckily my main addiction is alcohol cutting back on kratom won't really be a huge undertaking for me.) So to summarize: I personally don't consider taking these kinds of things to be relapses given that my major problem is alcohol but I am cognizant of the fact that I could start using them in a problematic way and take steps to avoid that.
I love the little Kava tea bags from Yogi.  Although they're super duper weak compared to the real Kava from tea shops it's nice and comforting...We have a kava tea shop/bar in my area....I need to stop back in there!
I overdosed on Kava extract once long before I sobered up it was a terrible experience.  I know folks who don't have a problem with it and I don't judge them.  I don't drink it.   I'm not tempted to.  I personally try to stay away from gray area substances.  I got high on second hand pot once at about three years and didn't like it much didn't count as a relapse to me but I avoid it now and if I went out and intended to get high I would count it. I've gotten a bit looped off nicotine before  from a strong cigar but I don't stress about that.  It's an individual thing. 
I drink Kava tea by Yogi same as u/hotdog_love and it has never been an issue for me. Congrats on 78 days! :)
