-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o5nri/is_it_just_me_or_are_more_people_relapsing_than/

It seems to me this sub has a higher percentage of people than normal talking about how they relapsed or are seriously thinking about relapsing.  Many of them have a long stretch of sobriety going.  Is it just me?  If not any thoughts on what is causing it?  After holiday slump long weekend are we somehow picking up on each other's temptations?  I haven't felt tempted in weeks but have been struggling more than usual since Friday also.
----------immediate responses--------

I blame winter. In the history of my life late January and the whole month of February we're always just the pits. I was hoping sobriety would change that but it looks like maybe I just need to move to Florida. It's true though... I notice it as well. Mostly watching all of this happen gives me even more motivation to stay vigilant in my battle. I wonder what's causing it all too. 
I think its a positive thing if it's a thing at all.  This is the time of year a lot of people are making changes so we get some new friends..  If they come here asking for help it will sometimes take the form of "I'm struggling tonight I need some help so I don't relapse" or "I can't do this on my own; I keep relapsing please help".  Everyone is here to help each other so I think it's great when people post like that.
A few days ago I noticed someone on my facebook feed post something about how there's a specific date or dates in January that have the highest suicide rates out of the year. Like other have said it's probably a mix of the winter blues plus the depressing post-holiday feelings. Winter feels like it will drag on and never end. I hope to God this is the reason we're struggling because it just means that if we can get through it things will be better (as opposed to being obsessed with drinking as much as we are now forever). I had pretty strong cravings last night and I'm worried that every weekend will be like this. The struggle sucks. I hope it gets better where I don't have to fight it so hard.
