-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o7s95/i_had_a_really_tough_test_this_afternoon/

I got back home after being out of town this weekend. Normally that would mean immediately getting beers and then to my desk at home and getting drunk. But I'm supposed to be not drinking now. I have been doing great this past almost 2 weeks but this was an unexpected very difficult test...I was really struggling and almost caved a couple times. I started thinking about my badge on here and how I didn't want to have to reset it. I thought about how many times I would look on here and just type something real quick on the check in post each day. But I didn't do that this morning! Was my brain already planning on drinking this morning? I started playing the tape forward about how much I would regret everything tomorrow...But of course my alcohol craving brain is saying "It will just be tonight and then back to a sober workweek. You better start drinking soon so you aren't up too late." IT WAS TOUGH! I MEAN REALLY TOUGH! So tough that it makes me furious that I ever got myself into this addiction. And I angrily ask myself "And how long am I going to struggle with this? You always tell yourself that you are going to quit and then always end up drinking anyway! Should I just accept that I'm a drunk and get the beer so I can end this misery right now and be comfortable this evening?".But I ate a meal and started reading this subreddit and now I'm at least calm and I have a full belly of food. I'm going to watch a movie and read some more "This Naked Mind"...And I think typing all this stuff out is going to help me in the future too. Thanks for listening to me.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you did a great job of acknowledging the struggle being mindful and finding other things to do. You got this! I won't drink with you tonight. 
Your post really inspires me I must say. I have told myself so many times that I am going to stop drinking. There is a family history of alcohol related health issues and even that isn't enough to stop me. Your post has described so much of my thought process every time that I have made the decision to go back on my promise to myself to stay sober. ..The fact that you got through a struggle that I know so well makes me realize that I can do this too!! I am so proud of you for getting through this hurdle and hope you realize that it you should be proud too!!
I can relate to each and every word you wrote.  I got through today - but it was nip and tuck the whole way.  Congrats to both of us and all the other sobernauts here who made it through today.
