-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5o916y/5_years_sober_today_i_cant_really_put_into_words/

Making the decision to quit drinking at 27 was very hard. Following through with it at 27 was very hard. At 28 it was hard. At 29 it was medium and at 30 31 & 32 it was easy. It's just who I am now...I'd love to share me experiences reasons or struggles with you if you'd like but I'll leave that open to an AMA sorta situation. Shoot me a question if you're interested in knowing anything more.
----------immediate responses--------

What caused you to get sober?.What was early sobriety like for you? .What tools resources etc have been the most valuable to you along the way? .If you could give your newly sober self some words of advice from this side of things what would you say?
This is excellent. I hope to someday hit five years.
Thanks for sharing.... inspiring for me. I love pancakes.
Wow - Congrats on 5 years! "It's just who I am now". Ooooh how I love this statement! Thank you for sharing :). 
Thank you for sharing! I think I'm in a similar situation to you just a few years behind. I'm 28 now and got sober a little over two years ago. ..What do you think made it less hard to be sober when you became 29? Did you feel like you had a lot to catch up on compared to your peers? Did you focus on personal development and if so what did you learn? If you could give advice to 28-year-old-self what would it be?..Lots of question hope you will take time to answer them it would be highly appreciated!..And congrats on 5 years! That is an amazing achievement and you deserve to be proud of yourself!
I also got sober at 27. It seemed like a hard age to stop drinking at the time but really I think early 20s would be harder. ..I liked seeing your timeline of how long it took you to feel normal again. With almost a year sober I feel like I am beginning to feel better. ..Thanks for the post.
Way to go! I as well decided to enter sobriety at 27. So far so good. I'm doing AA and this subreddit. Any advice or tips for the late twenties? You mention that it was hard at this age and gets medium at 29 then easy. Could you elaborate? What were your challenges in those years and what did you do to stay sober? Any recommendations for strategies would be appreciated. Thanks and kudos on 5 years!!! I won't drink with you today!
Thanks for sharing.  I'm just starting out at 27 myself and hope I can be as proud of my progress in a few years as you are now. 
I'm 22 and have been sober for two weeks now. I live in NYC and always go out with friends and my girlfriend on the weekend. My first weekend sober I stayed in but this past one I went out and only drank water. The thing is I was so bored and felt super uncomfortable dancing without alcohol. How have you made going out enjoyable without drinking? 
"It's just who I am now.".Awesome. I can't wait to get to that point along my journey.  Thanks for the inspiration. 
Outstanding - congrats!!! Thanks for sharing your story and your equation. Love it! -a fellow pancake fan :) 
Sweet...Congratulations 
Thoughts on moderation and do you ever miss the times?
