-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ob2jt/reminding_myself_that_i_have_to_be_responsible/

My SO and I are both alcoholics and we're both struggling through a really difficult time in our relationship due to a) alcoholism and b) my blackout drunk mistake that rocked our family. It's been rough to say the least. We've chosen to try to work on things and rebuild our relationship but he is struggling with his anger about the incident and with his own issues with alcohol. ..For my own self I've had to pull back from the relationship a bit and focus on what I need to do to stay sober and figure my shit out.  I've spoken with my therapist and increased the frequency of my appointments I've begun journalling and I'm trying to meditate and really just look inward and take care of Fruitcrackers99 right now. He and I have discussed this as well so he's aware but he seems to take it personally at times...Unfortunately that's caused some miscommunication in my relationship. My SO has come home intoxicated and confrontational and it doesn't go well. I've asked that he just keep a distance if he's drinking but hahaha we all know how logical and reasonable we are when we're drunk right? I know he's...trying to try? Maybe not quite trying-trying yet as he sorts out his hurt feelings but looking in that direction? It's my instinct - and has been the pattern of our relationship - to set aside my own problems to work on what's going on with him/us but this time even as I am doing that I'm realizing what it is that's happening and how I need to avoid that if I'm going to heal my own self. ..I don't know if any of this makes sense. ..Tl;dr: I'm trying to fix myself and getting sidetracked into helping my SO fix himself and our relationship but I kind of feel like I need to figure out how to manage all of the three at the same time. Maybe. Who knows. (editted to add that my SO knows that I'm trying to focus on myself.)
----------immediate responses--------

