-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5odiza/what_the_hell_is_wrong_with_me_why_cant_i_stop/

I posted this elsewhere as a comment but...thought I should post it here. I just dunno what else to do. I'm a daily drinker. And by daily I mean all day every day at work or home. I keep a bottle of half Gatorade and half vodka in my work desk... And chew a lot of gum. I drink about a $7.50 bottle of Taaka a day (a pint I think?) to the point where if I stop  I'll shake and be so sick I can't function. When that happens at work I grab a mad dog on my way in and hit up the liquor store at lunch if I didn't have enough to bring some in my purse. Now I joined r/stopdrinking a while back and was actually able to stop for 7 days. Then I started again I guess I got bored of not being vodka drunk. In those 7 days I slept better wasn't stressed about constantly making sure I had booze I actually remembered shit that happened my relationship with my fiance was better etc etc. But I started again because hey it was the weekend and let's reward my success! A month later and I was back where I started. Sigh. It's so freaking hard. Especially since I also smoke. Bleh. My fiance doesn't drink and I really envy him and others who don't feel the need to drink. It's almost like I resent them for it at times. ..Oh and I have the opposite problem from many weight wise. I drink so much straight vodka that it kills my appetite so I don't eat. I feel like crap but I don't eat. So when I quit I crave food and sugary stuff and GAIN weight. I'm about 150lbs and 5'6" tall and an okay weight... I've been fatter I hate it. I'm not one for exercise either and my diet vodka aside is typically decent. I fear gaining weight. ..It's the first 48 hours after quitting that I dread. The night terrors that have me making up screaming. The shakes the chills the lack of sleep the cravings. I work a M-F job normal hours so to do it I basically have to say "okay this weekend is going to fucking suck so be it" and after a long work week... I just don't effing wanna. I'm 35 effing years old why am I slowly killing myself? I'm not unhappy or abused ffs. ..Oh and for the love of God pls dont recommend AA. I've tried it I hated it I drank more. I've been to a non AA drug rehab a decade ago that did kill my drug habit. I can't afford or miss work (no we don't have any programs that can help me) so I just have to do this by myself with my very understanding fiances help. ..Dunno why I'm even posting all this maybe it'll resonate with someone else who has a similiar problem and they won't feel as alone as I do. Hugs friends. We all have struggles...*edit* just for my own whatever id like to list some things I hate about being an alcoholic that went away when I stopped:..- when drinking I get up EVERY HOUR ON THE HOUR to pee. Not even a lot of pee but enough to make me have to get up and drag myself to the bathroom just to tinkle 4 drops. While I'm awake I drink a few glugs to put me back to sleep. When my alarm goes off at 6:45am for work at 8:00...im exhausted. I fall asleep at work. Ffs. .- it takes I've found about 3 days for that sickeningly sweet vodka taste to leave my mouth. It's impossible to get rid of and my fiance and I rarely kiss anymore. Sigh. .- God DAMN am I ever lazy and sluggish..... More as I think of them. Thank you in advance for the comments. I'm not a big reader but maybe if I find something that resonates with me correctly ill be able to. 
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't do anything in terms of attending regular AA meetings. I just read posts on this sub a lot read This Naked Mind went to therapy started exercising and meditating more often. I hope you find the support you want/need. 
Hi. I'm glad you posted. I read "The naked mind". It really helped my understand. You can get it free via the sidebar. I'll do this with you. 20 days today for me. It's possible! I won't drink with you today. 
I'm sorry for what you're suffering through. This sub is a great place for help and support. I've been there through the withdrawals many times myself. There's also a chat function on here I've never used but if I'd known about it during early sobriety I would have leaned on it a lot I think. You say you don't care for exercise but I do highly recommend aiming for some sort of physical activity. It helps with 'feelgood' chemicals for your brain and is a good replacement activity. This is coming from a former serious couch potato by the way; yoga saved my ass and was a huge part of my sobriety! Best wishes and keep us posted.
I would suggest asking a doctor for advice on  how to safely detox as you say you can't miss work. He or she might be able to prescribe something for you to do it in a safer manner and with less hellish withdrawal symptoms.
For me I like to just bite the bullet.
What is wrong with you? Well... it sounds to me like you're an alcoholic. ..I also did the drinking all day every day thing. At one point I was drinking almost two litres a day. I had to drink near constantly if I wanted to avoid shaking and having my blood pressure sky rocket.  I also drank at work. I also drank on the bus and the train. I would get up an hour earlier than I needed so that I could get ready without shaking and sweating. ..I attempted to stop drinking by myself and had seizures. So please I know you said you can't afford to miss work and that you have to do this by yourself but please consider getting some help. ..What are you willing to do to help yourself? What aren't you willing to do?..I spent a lot of my thoughts and energy about getting sober desperately wanting a change but not being willing to do a whole lot. If something didn't work for me in the past - I swore it off. If I had to talk to other people or feel like I was exposing myself - it was out. ..For me it's a combination of things and none of it is static. I take meds for my existing psychological problems. I go to therapy for my psychological problems and my disease of addiction. I go to a support group - although like you a part of me really doesn't ever want to go. I volunteer because it helps connect me with people and also because it fills my time (like you I also have a M-F 8-5 and weekends are *the worst* for me). Something I have also struggled with is confidence and complacency. Once I have been sober for awhile I get confident and put myself at risk. I get complacent in taking care of myself. Things get better for me and I stop wanting to talk to anyone about the still very present negative thoughts in my mind. ..
Hey I don't have much in the way of advice I think you'll get there since it sounds like it's not even very fun for you anymore but just wanted to say that there's nothing wrong with you. It's an addictive substance by definition! And most of the people on here are similar so I don't think it's that we are all fucked up human beings I think we are just all fallible normal human beings...Hope to see you around more even if you're still drinking. It did me a lot of good just reading posts and that for a long time before I was ready to quit. 
If it was absolutely impossible for me to go to rehab and I did not feel comfortable with AA I would look into Antabuse or Naltrexone.  
Accountability is key. If your thinking of drinking go to your fianc  and let him know maybe the two of you can pick up a new hobby. My wife has been instrumental in me getting my shit together. Good luck :)
