-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5og70a/day_7_and_finally_feel_like_im_getting_some/

Should be Day 7 when the clock strikes midnight. This is mostly just me getting some thoughts off my chest and reflecting on where I am; sorry if it's a bit dull. I decided it would be a good idea to take 30 days off from drinking and being a drinker Day # 1 didn't quite start on New Years' Day.  I've struggled with alcohol for several years after entering law school and the legal profession in the city.  It's unbelievable how normalized drinking is in my environment.  Going to corporate events and declining a pour from a partner as I have some work to do who says to me come now I do my best writing at the bottom of a bottle of wine.  But over time drinking morphed into something increasingly solitary for me.  Many of my worst hangovers stemmed from having 3 drinks with others then many more by myself at home. I think I'm susceptible to addiction due to my anxiety.  I find acute (albeit temporary bite-you-in-the-ass) relief in drinking.  ..Right now I am more anxious having stopped in a way.  In a constant way.  But I am enjoying having passed a long weekend with no hangover.  No work days spent barely getting by and silently freaking out about my life while watching the clock tick praying for the day to end so I can go sleep.  So I think it's evening out. ..I have previously decided to cut down on drinking several times but have never been very successful.  I would tell myself I was doing so well and then completely overdo it ... somewhere around 5-6 days in to the project.  I feel different this time; I really want to complete this exercise and find out what it feels like to be me in the absence of alcohol.  I believe I can complete this 30 days. ..I'm not sure where to go after that time period.  My psychiatrist says that it is possible that my binges were an endless cycle of anxious withdrawals and soothing binges ad infinitum and that if I reset my body and start from scratch accompanied by other healthy practices and anxiety coping mechanisms I may be able to establish a moderate relationship with alcohol.  And if I can't? I will have already tried this exercise and then I am sure I'd have to abstain totally. ..The humor of my anxiety of all the things I ever feared I did not anticipate that developing a substance abuse problem would be one of them.  I don't think of my most recent self as "me."  It is me but distorted.  I'm such a perfectionist and pretty accomplished and this piece of the puzzle seems like it doesn't fit.   It does fit in a way however.  It's my negative way of coping with the pain I feel at not meeting my own too-lofty expectations.  Anyway I'm looking forward to the remainder of this month and not really specifically with an eye to being let loose on day 30 more an enjoyment of the whole exercise and the reward of unchaining my self from what has been a constant thorn in my side for several years.  Thanks for the support.  Joining this has been just one of many little support systems and rewards I have set up in order to accomplish my goal.  PS:  Never seen this before but I plan on donating the cost of the alcohol I normally purchase to my favorite charity at the end of the month.  I've seen the reverse - donating to charity when you fail - but I like the more positive strategy of feeling rewarded by having excess to give based on my success.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 1 week!  Before I spent a lot of time reading/learning about the impacts of alcohol and withdrawal on my body I tried many attempts at moderation including breaks of not drinking for up to a week.  The anxiety sleeplessness and other unpleasant factors made me wonder why anyone would ever be insane enough to quit longer term...who can live forever without sleep and with overwhelming fearful thoughts???  I didn't realize at the time that those are withdrawal symptoms and I was subjecting myself to the worst of them every time I quit for a few days and never waiting long enough to get to the point where it gets better (after 1-2 weeks).  So like you I started with 30 days it was a no-brainer for me to extend to 60 and now to 90.  I still consider trying moderating at some point now that I have "reset" my system as you said but not in the near future.  I think it's a great exercise to try 30 days of no alcohol for anyone who drinks regularly just to see what it feels like!  I hope this decision continues to pay off for you I will not drink with you today!
Nice one on 7 days sober! I can relate that my drinking morphed - I didn't end up where I started off my habit grew it was like alcohol got its tendrils in deeper. I was also unsuccessful in sustaining moderation. ..I didn't want to stop drinking but  recognised that my alcohol consumption wasn't healthy and was costing me too much so I started off with an initial 30 day sober goal. As day 30 approached I decided to keep it going and extended to 60 and then to 90. When I got to four months sober I had adjusted pretty well and decided to remain sober - I have a pretty good idea where returning to drinking will land me...Best wishes with your 30 day goal!
Congratulations on 7 days! I am also an attorney and I feel your pain--almost every networking event or work function revolves around alcohol! Keep up the good work!
