-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ok4ye/im_doing_well_but_i_want_it_to_continue/

First off I'd like to say that being 8 days sober is the longest I've ever gone without a drink since I was about 18. I'm now 28. (I used to post under a different username where I kept continuously relapsing over and over again never making it past 4 days...)..This coming week I have two social events where I would usually drink. I obviously don't plan to this time but because I finally feel like I'm getting on top of this problem of mine I really don't want to fuck up what I've got going on here and cave into that evil poison...I don't think me announcing that I'm not drinking will be a big issue at either of these events. Sure there may be the odd question here and there but no pressure or strange looks. No my biggest enemy at these events will be me: giving into cravings promising myself it will just be this one (or two) times etc etc.....So my question to you is my beloved sobernauts what was it like the first time you socialized sober? Were there any unexpected hurdles you hadn't anticipated? How did you deal with your cravings? Are there any strategies you'd recommend?..I obviously don't expect answers to all these questions but any advice would be greatly appreciated!..As always keep fighting the good fight out there. I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

You asked you're gonna get honest answers so...get ready:..&gt;what was it like the first time you socialized sober? ..A nightmare I felt like I was the stiff of the party but then again - this reminded me of WHY I didn't attend parties BEFORE I started to drink in the first place...&gt;Were there any unexpected hurdles you hadn't anticipated? ..I'd expect adults to handle non drinkers better (respect inclusion etc.) but I guess we have to chose better friends that are more suited to our company...&gt;How did you deal with your cravings? ..At first I focussed on different cravings such as candy good food sometimes even a health binge - endulging in healthy foods and treating my body nice. This worked well for a while doesn't always work - but worth attempting. Sometimes I replaced alcohol cravings with tea (non sugared no substitutes) and sometimes energy drinks...&gt;Are there any strategies you'd recommend?..Oh there are plenty - Above all I'd reccomend you to find friends that accept that you don't drink at the parties and STILL can have fun with you of course - you'll allow them to drink as they wish but...they have to be your "real" friend and accept that you simply don't anymore. If they freeze you out well...time to hunt new grounds and a new better life...Another one which is kinda super important when you've just lost your only friend for years...the booze...is to find another one and I'm talking activities. Find something to occupy your mind with something that exhausts you something that can get you going for hours and hours. You'll need to stay away from your second worst enemy and it's called BOREDOM. ..The boredom is what drove me to relapses it's the second worst enemy of mine. Boredom is horrible. It will convince my mind to get back on the booze wagon on simple grounds like "dumb yourself down stupid and you won't have to entertain yourself in an intelligent way"...See how bad drinking really is? It takes away from us what we had - out intelligence our happiness our drive and our lust for the real life...
I told myself I had only one job to do that night which was not to drink. I didn't have to have a good time talk to new people make any one laugh nothing. All that could come later for now my one job was to stay an hour with no booze. If I wanted to stay longer or anything else good happened  that was gravy. And actually I wound up enjoying myself tho I did still get tired early and leave before too long. 
Do you absolutely have to go? 
