-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5oqd9l/2_weeks_in/

Almost a year ago I started drinking to self-medicate my anxiety.  My wife works first shift at a bank I worked second shift at a hospital on the psych unit.  We worked opposite shifts to save on daycare but my 6 on 2 off rotation meant I only saw my wife briefly in the morning and a couple nights a week.  When the opportunity to switch to first shift came around my wife said she'd prefer that I stay on second.  We'd save $60 a week on daycare that way.  I read into that meaning $60 meant more to her than seeing her husband.  I was hurt by it.  One of my female "friends" at work started texting me things that were explicitly more than just friendly and I started to consider the possibilities.  I felt so guilty about it that I started drinking.  It started with a Steel Reserve to take the edge off and that progressed to a couple a day.  .  I ended up quitting with no new job lined up and was losing sleep due to anxiety so a couple turned into a four pack.  And some wine.  Or cheap vodka.  This is while I was home by myself with the kids.  It's also after a serious effort to lose weight.  I started gaining the weight back and I started justifying that since I kept a buzz going rather than being full-blown drunk that I was still okay to watch the kids.  .I got a new job working with dual-diagnosis patients in a transitional living facility.  I realized that I needed to change when I found out one of our residents would habitually drink a four-pack of Steel Reserve and supplement it with whatever other cheap booze he could smuggle in.  .Even then I still didn't quit because in my mind it wasn't a problem.  I did the mental gymnastics to justify that other people drank more than me..At my in-laws who love their drinks for Christmas I started drinking at 10:00 AM.  I pounded a beer then filled up the bottle from the franzia box and did it again for lunch.  We went out for dinner and drinks and I had four mixers before we all did a round of shots.  At this point the rest of the family was pretty well in the bag and getting loud.  I just had my normal buzz.  It was concerning.  For the first time in a long time I tallied my calories and realized that just the alcohol was more than I used to allow myself for the day when I was losing weight.  .  I realized that although my marriage issues had since resolved and I loved my new job and I had cut ties with my "friend" that I was still taking part in something that was destructive to me and dangerous to my family.  I decided to finish the beer and vodka that I had on hand and after that I'd be done.  That's something the patients that I work with do.  It's something I've done in the past when I smoked my 900 "last pack"s of cigarettes.  It was what I needed to recognize that this had become an actual addiction for me.  .Even so I finished my drinks.  And I had a few more at my parents so as not to attract suspicion - considerably less than usual but still the first thing on my mind in the morning.  I bought one more 4 pack of Steel Reserve on January second and drank it over the course of two days.  .I struggled the first week but now feel considerably better and confident that I can do this.  .I am down almost 5 pounds and I have ambition every day to be productive and I'm using hobbies that have been ignored for too long to fill in the gaps in my days.  .I'm writing this to remind myself that it was an issue that I can move on and writing the reasons that led me to this point makes them seem more real and defined.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 2 weeks! That's huge!
Good job!  Yes you can move on.  I won't drink with you  today.
Congrats! I'm about in the same spot. I used to drink my day's worth of calories in alcohol/mixers and not eat actual food for days. What's happened is now I'm hungry a lot and yesterday cheated on my calorie-restricted diet yet my weight is staying steady (so far). I think I said earlier this week I was 117; I'm 114 today. Imagine that! Hopefully when I sort my diet and exercise routine out better (joined a gym start next Monday) the weight will start to drop...We can do this. :)
