-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5orr95/i_think_ive_mentally_relapsed_already/

I keep thinking about how good it would feel to get a buzz on and "playing the tape forward" is starting to lose its power. I don't want to let myself down but I'm losing my grip and I can feel it. My room is a mess. I've come to notice over time that my room is a pretty good metaphor for my state of mind. In the throws of addiction there's rotten food in takeout containers buried under empty beer cans loose change everywhere hazards of broken glass and plastic things under dirty pants just waiting to get stepped on... When I stopped drinking four months ago I moved out of my crazy party house and in with some chill dudes who don't drink. My room was pristine and I was enjoying decorating it finding ways to use the space... another metaphor for my state of mind. New room new me exciting clean wholesome. ..Again I think I'm losing my grip and the way I can tell is that I only half-care and getting fucked up sounds so good. ..I've been flirting with the idea of trying Baclofen or naltrexone to see if I can get myself to drink like a "normal" person or use pavlovian response against my own cravings. ..I don't know. I'm not drinking in this moment and I intend to keep focussing on not drinking in the moments to come but I'm slipping and I think this post is a cry for help. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Right around where you are now I noticed that all I was doing was 'not drinking'.  I had no real hobbies after all my real hobby was drinking.  I started doing things that I couldn't do while I was drinking (which to be fair was anything other than drinking in my case)...It eventually gave me something to look forward to that wasn't picking up.  It's what made 'sobriety' fun not just 'not drinking'.  I hope you can find some joy in your life.
I had a lot of success with naltrexone at least until I decided to stop taking it. I did think it got rid of cravings and it made drinking no fun which helped strengthen my resolve when I did fuck up. ..I'm in the middle of relapse of sorts right now holding it together enough to keep my drinking to one day a week but still seeing it increase with each week that passes knowing I am headed toward something bad. It will happen it always does. ..Sometimes it gets hard to care. I totally get that. All I can tell you is that those drinks you keep thinking about aren't gonna be so great. They NEVER FUCKING ARE. Are you doing AA? This might be a good time to hit a meeting. (Says the chick who has been struggling but still refuses to go to meetings.)..Good luck you got this you're good.
I too noticed that self-care was the first thing to go when I was planning to go back to drinking. The house would get messy my sleeping patterns random food choices dodgy. I would isolate from my husband and then I would get angry that he got busy with his own stuff. Then I would feel overwhelmed and alcohol would become the motivation to get back on track and the reward for doing it...I make myself keep up with the housework no matter what. Sometimes I feel like crying when I am washing the dishes after dinner because I'd rather be doing anything else but I know that the next day I will be glad it's done. I also make myself keep up with personal hygiene. I am now working on my sleeping patterns and food (I got badly sidetracked because of Christmas treats)...I know moderate drinking won't work for me - I want(ed) to get drunk and a pint or two would just make me grumpy. ..Good job on catching yourself in time! 
I'm feeling the pressure as well but so far the pros of sobriety out weigh the cons and I'm digging it. I hope you find something to take the edge off. You ever think of joining a gym or taking up running or walking? I know getting outside whether it's nice or shitty helps me but that's just me. I know that I will not be drinking tonight I hope you will join me. 
clean your room and see how you feel. seriously. dig in. 
