-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ot7sn/accidental_11/

Almost sounds like a bad movie title right? Anyway hi everyone. For those that might remember me I'm still hanging in there. It's been 11 full days now and I'm feeling good...Instead of setting a date making promises to myself every morning and thinking constantly about trying not to drink I just sorta... tried living life for a little bit not totally intending to stop drinking...After a couple unintentional sober days I decided I'd keep it up. I've had some bad days (very busy time with work) but I've also had some amazing moments. Usually after such moments I'd soon think about "how far I have to go" or "all there is to be done". But these past days I couldn't stop thinking that there *isn't* anywhere to go. Not really.. ..My life doesn't start in the future - it's here and chugging along right now. There aren't any Hollywood-esque 'A-ha!' moments - there's just this moment. And when I don't drink I like how I feel in this moment a lot better than when I do...I get scared pretty easily and life can throw some scary shit at us. But it can also be pretty kind provided we look at it the right way. For example I'm still single I get lonely at nights and Parks and Rec is still (sadly) concluded lol. But I have a warm bed to sleep in a job to go to a few family members and hope for the future. If anyone out there is struggling right now take a breath - we can make it through this to a better place...What I'm listening to tonight: https://youtu.be/MHmQhvuIFSc..Take care :)
----------immediate responses--------

Nice!  Those days add up! ..Not drinking with you tonight!
Like the tunes- thanks for sharing  
I'm also a big Parks and Rec fan. Need to re-binge watch the whole thing...You're doing amazing. I won't drink with you tonight.
Congratulations on your first 11 days. You have a great attitude for someone just starting this journey and your gratitude hope and love will continue to grow. ..I've been single way too long but I don't care about that anymore. I'm happier than I've ever been in my entire life and my love switch is broken and it will never be turned off. I'm overwhelmed with love and gratitiude. Stay strong and here's to the future. ..I recommend you check out the show Scrubs too if you haven't seen it before. It's one of my favorite shows. ..If anyone is alone and hurting please reach out to me. I will listen and I will love you. ..A song for hope. One of my all-time favorites. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yIsxaS8q4EU
