-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5otg2j/i_relapsed_after_40_days_and_my_anxiety_is_out_of/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed after 23 days sober. I went on a bender Christmas weekend. I think what was different this time is that I knew exactly how things would unfold I had no illusions of moderating or anything like that. On the 4th morning I was going to fix myself a vodka to "cure" the hangover and I just thought to myself ok what then? More sneaking drinks weight gain terrible sleep lying to the wife and generally being useless. I thought to myself "what's the point I just drank for 3 days straight now what? Was it worth it? No. Did you embarrass yourself and your wife? Yes. Did you gain some valuable insight into life or the universe from being drunk for 3 days straight? No. So what is the point of drinking then? Are you less stressed? No in fact more stressed. So what's the point then? ..This was my thinking that morning and since then I can honestly say I have not had a craving. Thoughts of drinking? Yes. Heart pounding cravings? Nope. ..I may relapse again in the future but I'm well aware how it will go if I do.
I've relapsed many times before this run of 46 days.  The last one was after several months sober.  Getting sober does seem to get harder each time but this time I'm only focusing on today.  Tomorrow is not my challenge.  I will not drink with you today.  I've found the daily check in post to be helpful and I'm drinking La Croix like I used to drink beer and scotch.
I had people jokingly tell me: "You only have to change one thing; everything!"..This was absolutely true for me. I can't just do all the things I used to do and just "not drink." I needed to break my cycle. It was as simple as not watching a TV show I used to to switching up my work hours and the biggest change was to attend AA meeting. Having that hour chunk of time I got out of my own head for was (and is) instrumental to my recovery.
I don't know your past but with 40 days in and only 4 days out your withdrawals are probably going to be a lot easier to take this time. Start slow if one day is too much quit for an hour then another. Small bites to get going. Put the guilt energy in the other column. You made it 40 days so you know how. It took me repeated tries to get this far. How about I won't drink with you today.  
Oh wow. I am right there with you. I had 2 months in. It was only one night of drinking but I was a SHIT show. I still dont feel right. I feel terrible and im filled with anxiety. An hour before drinking I was feeling great too. Man this stuff is sneeky. Let me know how you end up feeling after you sober up again because I still fell so full of shame and self loathing lol. I mean I know it will get better but its hard to see the light at the moment.
