-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5oto1j/i_experienced_a_very_vivid_dream_that_i_relapsed/

You know those dreams that feel like they last literally days? Happens to me once in a while but not often... Anyway I had one of those last night. In the dream I relapsed on two-and-a half bottles of wine with dinner felt drunk and stupid and 'happy' called my boyfriend up on the phone and said some hurtful things got emotional binge ate at 3am and passed out woke up the next day not remembering much else of what happened and feeling scared but experiencing the hangover the regret the self disgust so angry at myself that I relapsed after doing so well for 8-9 days. I felt it all. It was real in my head. When I woke up I still felt bad still felt the shame then I had a holy shit moment. It was just a dream.... Wow. I am still here. I didn't relapse. I don't have a hangover today. I didn't hurt my boyfriend. I'm not back to the start. I don't feel regret but instead extreme happiness and feeling proud of myself! ..If anything that experience furthered my desire to not drink by soooo much because I was reminded of all of the feelings which felt realistic. And realistically they are disgusting feelings...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

So glad to see you sticking to sobriety blacktulip! You're awesome and you should feel awesome!
I also had a dream last night that I drank.. I'm only 6 days sober but I just remember being so ashamed and upset with myself for drinking like I had really messed up. With that being said definitely won't be drinking tonight. I take it as my self conscious giving me a sign that I'm doing the right thing.
I had a dream last night that I drank too!  It was whiskey. It was in a glass tumbler and all brown and pretty looking. And I just took a sip and started to feel warm and fuzzy then my dream immediately cut scene to me waking up not knowing how I got to bed wondering what I did while I was blacked out. Then I actually woke up. SOOOO relieved that it was a dream. Didn't have a single urge to drink today that's for sure!  Thanks for the reminder brain. 
me too!..on damn rum (gross) at the wedding of someone I really dislike...Blackout insulted a friend with cancer...Asked my sponsor "do I reeeally have to go back to day one?" She said yes...Even when I woke it took a minute to snap out of ! ..Congrats on 8 days. We're not drinking. 
I like these they are like relapses without the guilt haha a reminder of what would happen if you did choose to drink again. Glad you're happy and proud and congrats on your week plus!
I was told that my subconscious was so fucking stressed out that my conscious mind was killing itself with alcohol that when I sobered up it had to *play out* drinking scenarios to feel the stress/fear but in a safe environment (dreaming)...True? Who knows but it makes sense why we all seem to get them. 
