-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ou27q/a_flight_to_la_changed_my_life_for_the_better/

Relapsed after 2 weeks of being sober. ..I had to take a flight to LA for a pre-employment drug test for a DOT (department of transportation) position and the night before the flight I went on a date. For some reason I had the urge to go a bar right after and ended up running into people I work with and other servers/bartenders I know from working in the industry. I ended up getting plastered inviting my date back to hang out (when I wasn't feeling it in the first place) embarrassing myself and driving back home drunk. I accidentally drove over a divider on a major highway and I'm surprised I wasn't pulled over since I live in the DC area and cops are EVERYWHERE. I passed out at my house at 4am woke up at 4:45 and had to be at the airport at 6am for a flight. I was still drunk and had to conceal it in front of my parents and by the time I got onto the flight. These experiences have been happening on and off in my life over the past five years. More frequently since October until now. I would consider myself a binge drinker more than an alcoholic. I don't claim dependency but it's enough to the point that when I do drink it is invasive and detrimental to my mental health and physical wellbeing. ..By the time the 6 hour flight was over I met up with a girl who I'd only known for a few hours from a group interview where we were both offered a position. I didn't know anyone else in the LA area and she was nice enough to let me stay with her. I told her about my night before and how I was still hungover and hadn't been able to eat because of the hangover anxiety and she revealed to me that she has been sober for a year and two months. I haven't met anyone that has completely stopped drinking so I was so shocked to hear this because I felt like I'd always been hanging out with the wrong people and kept saying every week "this week I will stop" or "I'll moderate to just 'one and done'" knowing damn well that the cycle would never ever end. Apparently the day before she stopped drinking she almost asphyxiated on her own vomit after downing bottles of vodka regularly and when she woke up in a hospital bed she knew it was time to stop. I don't want to ever have a wake up call like that or jeopardize a job that is so sensitive when it comes to substance abuse. Especially since it is my dream job. ..We ended up having a really long conversation about it and since we are both going to be at training at the same time/place she said she would go to AA meetings with me. We decided to become roommates because after last night I witnessed proof that completely stopping is doable and I'd have an accountability partner. When she dropped me back off the airport today I told her "I won't drink with you today." And tomorrow and for the rest of my life...I know that it is up to me to change my life and maintain the willpower to completely stop drinking - but it's nice to not feel alone when someone is walking the same journey and gives me advice whenever the urge comes. This reddit has helped and I wanted to say thank you for giving me the courage to speak out. ..TLDR; I had to fly to LA for a day for a drug test after relapsing the night before and the girl I stayed with has been sober for a year and two months and is now my accountability partner in training for a new job offer we both received. 
----------immediate responses--------

And that kids is how I met your mother. ..Sorry had to do it. ..Good luck. I will not drink with you. 
I was drunk the last time I flew out of DCA and I still have no idea how I found my gate or how I navigated the metro successfully...
Wow!  That's great.  ..(I'm in the DC area too!)
