-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5oywaj/thoughts_of_a_child_of_an_alcoholic_turned/

My parents were  functioning  alcoholics which as anyone who has experienced functioning alcoholics know they didn't function quite so well at all. There were stressors our and my parents having been raised by alcoholics themselves turned to the one comfort they knew would relieve their burdens alcohol. ..And so they drank. Not all day but certainly every night. It would start with the ice. Always the ice! My dad scooped it into the tall glass poured a few ounces (I kept track) of whiskey in then the hissing of the 7up bottle opening and pouring of that too. I still struggle with those sounds to this very day because I associate them with the monster my dad turned into each night. Eventually he would pass out in front of the TV sometimes on the toilet and fall off in the middle of the night. I'd hear the thud then hear my mom yell at him for being so drunk. Then I'd go back to sleep knowing this was abnormal but not being able to do anything about it because I was a kid. I would internalize it wonder why I had to have the drunk parents...Fast-forward to college and I hadn't dealt with any of the problems. I'd tried alcohol but had a great disdain for it given how I saw it affect my parents and I had a fear of becoming an alcoholic myself. It wasn't until close to graduation from college that I let my guard down. I still lived with my parents and I discovered that if you can't beat them you can definitely join them. I started hiding miniature wine bottles in my room and sneaking swigs of alcohol from the bar in the dining room. Then I'd come out and join my parents riding high on a wave of endorphins from my secret imbibing. Suddenly I didn't care that they were drinking I didn't care that they smelled like alcohol because I did too. Ah what a relief!!! ..I didn't realize at the time how unhealthy this was. Then I got my DUI. Alcohol freed me of my burdens my failures I felt invincible. So invincible I decided to drive while drunk while .23 BAC drunk but sadly this wasn't enough of a wakeup call. For a while I was straight I went to AA I said  I'm an alcoholic  I did my court mandated classes yadda yadda. ..Then I got comfortable again and allowed alcohol back into my life. I did well for a while. No run ins with the law no embarrassing black outs. But then my dad died of kidney cancer that spread through his whole body. After that I said  fuck it . I began bingeing and being more secretive. I would go several days or weeks without alcohol then I decided I'd been good and I would crave that release so I would guzzle as much as I could in secret. And it worked until I got caught by my boyfriend who would yell at me. Yell to my face  look at you you're drunk!!  of course I would deny it but it may as well have been me yelling at my parents 10 years before. I had become what I hated so so much and I hated myself for it. ..My boyfriend told me therapy now. I had enough good sense to listen to him. That was about 10 months ago. Since then I've grown so much. There have been relapses and bad nights of bingeing since then but it gets longer and longer between each binge. ..I'm learning to love myself and respect myself. I feel like in therapy I'm taking a giant rubber band ball of all my issues and snipping away at each band. When I acknowledge my feelings and past traumas I take a pair of imaginary scissors and snip a different band. ..One thing that my therapist always reminds me of that I love to think about is that when I work on my own issues I'm stopping the cycle of abuse and trauma. There have been many alcoholics in my family tree and many abuses caused by or resulting in drinking alcohol. Every day that I don't drink every day that I work on my issues and self-esteem every day I choose love instead of anger I am choosing to end the cycle. I am healing myself and I'm healing my family in my own way.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your story.  Congrats on your journey :)
Thanks for sharing.  I can relate to your story quite a bit.  Rather than cancer it is strokes that my alcoholic father and grandfather suffered that have severely debilitated them.  I say enough is enough.  That is not the life that I want for myself and my wife when I am their age.
I won't drink with you today.  Thanks for sharing.
What a really interesting post. Thanks for sharing. My mum is completely sober and I remember getting pissed at her for getting pissed at me for drinking. I have for a long time now been so grateful that she is not an alcoholic. ..Now I feel like I was an ungrateful shit getting mad at her about my drinking but I tried to hide it and thought it was only my business. Man addiction is ugly and selfish. 
Thank you for sharing your story! I'm also an alcoholic child of an alcoholic so your assertion that we can stop the cycle is very powerful for me. Go us. 
I love your story. Would you mind sharing what kind of therapy helped you? I have had years of if but it never seemed to go anywhere.
Thanks for sharing. For years I struggled with moderating my drinking so I could prove I wasn't as alcoholic as my dad. Well moderation didn't work for me; sobriety has been great! ..Not drinking with you tonight.
Your story hits really close to home for me. Both of my parents were alcoholics too. It's still too painful for me to even talk about especially my terrible relationship with my mother who died last year but I guess I'll get there sooner or later. Thank you for sharing and I won't drink with you tonight :)
Hey thank you for this. I would love for u to share a piece on our website. COAisathing.com it's a platform for children of alcoholics and I think you could really help
I'm a third generation alcoholic possibly more but I dunno if my great grandparents were alcoholics or not. Even in the clutches of addiction I was dumbfounded by the thoughts of why haven't I learned from my upbringing? I watched my grandpa die of heart failure in his mid sixties my mom over a decade later of bleeding ulcers. She left me and my brothers to be raised by my dad when I was ten the years before that I watched get better and relapse countless times. My cousin ( and very close friend) committed suicide in 2015 due to her bipolar disorder and alcohol addiction. ..I think my point is we think since we've grown up surrounded by addicts that we'd know better but that's definitely not the case. 
