-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p0lmn/first_post_of_a_secret_alcoholic_12_days_sober/

Title sums it up. I've been drinking almost daily for the past 4 years. Today marks 12 days for me and to be honest I don't remember the last time I went this long without a drink. I think if I said this to my husband he would be completely shocked. I don't know if he's in denial or really oblivious. He found some hidden liquor a few years back & still "jokes" about it. I hit rock bottom a couple months back on my birthday. Blacked out. The few memories I have & the few stories my husband told me are some of the most embarrassing of my life. It was enough to make me re-commit to kicking the bottle...Tonight I was invited out for dinner & drinks. I'm in that phase where I'm like "I can have A drink...what can it hurt."....but at the same time what will it help? I know I self medicate. I'm the poster child of a broken home with an extended family history on both sides of alcoholism & mental illness. So why do I keep repeating this cycle when I'm aware I'm not doing what's best for my mind body & loved ones?..But it's so nice to take that break from my mind. My anxiety & depression. But I'm trying to be stronger than that. Forcing myself to focus on the pride I feel for each time I fight off the urge to just "leave"...So I stayed home tonight. I'm eating my healthy leftovers & trying to work up motivation to do a poor attempt at YouTube yoga...I'm proud of myself. But I'm still struggling I still have other unhealthy vices. How do you stay focused build up your self motivation?..Thanks for listening..
----------immediate responses--------

Hit some AA meetings ... maybe spring for the monthly pass to the local yoga studio and the gym.  You need some opportunities to fill that time elsewhere.  For me I hit the gym hard ... like excessively hard on the cardio ... then it got warm and I starting running ... a lot ... think I ran 70 miles this July ... it was excessive.  Then I turned to yoga and meditation and the spiritual side of reiki and the daily precepts...The daily precepts are framed much like AA and start with "just for today" or "for today only". Meditation and existing in the present is big.  As drinkers we live in the past and worry about what we've done ... then flash forward and worry about what didn't happen yet ... all the while we forget to live in the moment and just for today  
A therapist and support group helped me stay motivated. No way could I have done it without help from others. 
My addiction tells me stuff like this too but one drink won't hurt. But the fact is that one drink hurts the most. Because I can say no to one drink but after I take that first drink all bets are off. It sounds like you are doing amazing and I just want to give you a huge shout out because the first few weeks can be really really hard and you're doing it! Thank you so much for sharing. You helped my sobriety today.
Yay youtube yoga is seriously the main contributor to my sobriety! I love the Yoga by Candace ones they're all different lengths for if you just wanna start with 15 minutes (I did 15 minutes only for like the first month haha) or if you feel like a full hour one I should seriously write to her haha and give her the credit she saved me!..As far as motivation at the start I was really kind to myself. Indulged in chocolate or lots of bad tv or whatever I needed to get a little time under belt to where things got a little easier. Good for you for making positive changes!! Grab a badge from the sidebar if you feel like it it's fun watching the numbers tick up :)
Can I suggest YogaTX?  I like their videos plus I know at least one of their instructors Cole Chance is a recovering alcoholic who got sober a few years ago.  It's quite inspirational for me.  She did a video about her addition recently.
I'm proud of you! I relate to a lot of what you said. The "secret" part really hits home. Everybody knew I drank a lot but had no idea of how much I hid. And they didn't know that I was scared. Not having to hide all that anymore is such a relief! ..Also the "just one drink" is a thought I've been having a lot. So far I've been able to see that "one drink" isn't worth it to me. I have no idea how long I'll be dry but I know I'm not going to drink today. That's all I can control right now. ..It's really great to finally feel proud of myself. But I also know it's going to be an uphill battle for a long time. I've switched from taking shots to eating red vines... now I'm going thru a ridiculous amount of red vines. ..Hope the rest of your evening is relaxing! 
I'm a "secret" drinker too. In fact a business associate just asked me 10 minutes ago if I was going to go "get wasted." [I'm at a conference]. A coworker of mine who has known me several years laughed and said "Marjin does *not* get wasted." Little do you know...
Good on you for making a logical choice to stay in! This is one of my best tools that i learned from AA which is to "Play the tape forward." Whenever you are in a situation where you may be tempted to drink play the situation out in your head for both decisions. If you drink what will most likely happen? If you don't? I just had a slip yesterday and if i had done this i wouldn't have drank. Super proud of you! 
I've also been thinking about just one drink. Though that was never enough before. Why would it be now? Still I really wanted to drink today and almost slipped. But I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for posting this. I wasn't a secret drinker for many years until I kept quitting and ending up right back where I started. I learned pretty quickly that I wasn't fooling anyone not completely and that stung. Maybe it's because of how many years I'd been drinking heavily maybe because I was sober enough stretches that the difference was obvious to everyone but me... but the big takeaway was when someone I love finally told me how obvious it was it became obvious to me and the last scales fell from my eyes. ..I'm still learning how to stay focused because I want it to be for good this time. The thing that I just started doing was keeping lists of what I want or need to do in small manageable pieces and moving things to the done pile.  I have a very unfocused mind and all those to-dos really add up if I'm not scrambling around trying to remember them all until I get overwhelmed. But it's such a huge boost to see what I actually get done as long as I'm realistic and take as much time as it needs. I hope some of that helped.
I needed the support of a group working together to solve a common problem.  Isolation was a symptom of my disease.
Good job on your 12 days.  That's fantastic.  I found reading about addiction and recovery to be so useful for me in the first couple of months.  I liked Annie Grace's Naken Mind (free link in sidebar) blogs and memoirs.  ..Sounds like you're asking yourself some important questions.  Power to you!  I will not drink with you today.
Therapy support groups and AA meetings help a lot of people and can help you (either all three or whatever is affordable). If those don't sound appealing or even if they do I would additionally look into some self-compassion practices that focus on your drinking. *I know*...sounds so cheesy and lovey-dovey but research shows that people who practice self-compassion when striving for a goal actually have a greater chance of achieving that goal long term than those who do not. ..If that just sounds too touchy-feely for you at least try to eliminate any self-criticism and shame you have surrounding your drinking (e.g. "why do I keep repeating this cycle when I'm aware I'm not doing what's best for my mind body &amp; loved ones?"). We all fuckup. Especially when tackling a goal as challenging as this one. I can't tell you all the times I've said I'm done drinking to find myself blacked out less than a week later. Setbacks happen but know you are moving in the right direction and even with setbacks you will keep moving forward...It's not your usual advice but I hope this helps. If you are interested I could recommend you some books on self-compassion with detailed research and exercises to begin.
My first thought: Hooray! ..My second thought: Tell your husband. You would tell him if you had diabetes right? This is also an illness that can be managed. I was scared to tell mine but it really made me more accountable. In the past when I quit for a while nobody knew so nobody knew when I gave in. This time I told all the people close to me who I trust. They are my support group. It has made the difference. ..I am happy to not drink with you today.  
[removed]
Google AA meetings for your town. I couldn't imagine going to a meeting in the past. Now I realize that theres no way I could have stayed sober without meetings the fellowship and a sponsor
Welcome :) Glad to have you here. Grab a badge here I know it helped me I'm very fond of my badge :) ..http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/ 
I make detailed lists of what to do next in case I forget I am moving forward. Literally. At nine each night my list says to take a Magnesium a B1 &amp; a 5mg Melotonin. Each day starts with coffee and SD Daily Check In. I pledge not to drink for that day. Then I get on with the day. If I feel lost I consult the list check off what I've done and do the next right thing. The next right thing is NEVER a cocktail. You have figured out how to get sober now you gotta figure out how to stay this way. Take it easy my new friend.
I've had that "just one drink" thought so many times the past two months... I have been having to remind myself of all the times that I stopped at a store and chose to buy a smaller bottle or just a few beers so that I would just drink that amount and nothing more. I almost always went back to the store for more (and most likely a different store so I wouldn't even risk buying more booze from the same cashier). I can't just drink until the glass or bottle is empty. I drink until I'm empty. Until I run out of gas and pass out. When I take this into consideration it's easier to say no to the first drink.  ..Thanks for your post congrats on 12 days. keep it up :)
Today is my 3rd day sober! I've been hiding drinking from my boyfriend or trying to and failing miserably for a couple of years. I find bottles and cans everywhere in this house - I often wonder if he's in denial or oblivious too. But I think for us it's moreso denial - as he's told me sometimes he doesn't feel like it's worth fighting over which makes me scared and sad...I usually get to about 5 days sober and decide that if I could be abstinent for such a long time that I must not really even be an alcoholic and I can totally drink again. Not just one of course but I can treat myself to a 6 pack. And then the cycle starts of buying the booze everyday. I'd usually drink from morning until he gets home from work and then have to put it away so he wouldn't notice... and then be sick or sleeping the whole time he's here. What a treat right?..A new Planet Fitness just opened in my town and I joined there and it has been really positive - I think it's good to focus on loving yourself instead of damaging yourself for a start.
Wow!! You and I almost have the exact same story to tell! Today is day 13 for me and I also hid the amount I was drinking from my husband.  He knew it was a problem but if he knew I'd had a whole bottle of wine before he got home from work he'd have been shocked.  I love him but he's not equipped to really help me through this.  Not a character flaw just a fact.  I'm a fairly private person so I haven't really told anyone what I'm doing.  I'm just buckling down and taking it day by day.  Last night was the hardest so far and I have no idea why.  Nothing bad happened there were no "triggers".  I just really REALLY wanted ONE glass of wine.  I like the fast forward concept someone above me posted.  There's no way I would have stopped at one.  It would have been the whole bottle.  I would be hungover right now instead of feeling proud of myself and reading the posts written by you fine people!  You can do this!  We can do this together!  I will not drink with you today!
Keep it up!  Its cliche but I don't think it gets any easier but with time you'll be better at it.  Good luck we're all rooting for your success.  
I'm so proud of you too. I don't think you'll regret the choices you made whereas you might very well regret the decision to go out and drink again. Keep it up!
I'm not an expert and I've just recently recommitted to not drinking. I do know that after months of sobriety  I had the voice say you can have just one. One turned into 3 months of drinking 3 or 4 times a week. Not always to get wasted but there were days that I definitely over did it . What came with that was weight gain lack of good sleep (my favorite by product of not drinking) lack of focus and an overall crappy attitude. .once again not an expert but I'd skip the dinner and drinks. fake an illness. Stay home cook a nice dinner or try to cook a nice dinner if that's not your thing and wake up on Sat. feeling great...Good luck and I wont be drinking with you today.
There are quite a few things i did to keep my focus on not drinking. ...First treat yourself and do it often your not spending money on booze. buy yourself something nice. ...try AA if you want it's not for everyone I'm 6 years sober and never went. more importantly find people and activities that don't involve drinking. Take a break from your drinking buddies seriously don't hang out with them till you feel it's time. They might get butt-hurt but tough.  ...This might not seem like great advice but try other drugs that are not addictive like pot or mushrooms. It's ok to want to escape sometimes. There are other ways to escape that don't harm yourself. BTW pot is wonderful for withdrawal. ..Tell your partner and ask tell him to not keep booze in the house ever.
Why do we keep doing it to ourselves it's such a vicious cycle that we are trapped in.  Good luck.
