-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p29m7/a_thing_about_our_friends/

A thing about our friends is they're not us. We met on similar grounds partying in college drinking at bars and good ol' just-killin'-time in social environments. ..But now it's painfully clear how different my life is from the lives of my friends. I **had** to reconcile with my drinking problem. I saw my drinking self a less perfect version of me and every time I perpetuated my drinking problem I was violating my true self by not allowing him to live his own life. I had to acknowledge the fact that the addictions I had and still have however big or small were stifling the existence as I wanted as a human being. ..I welcome the change. I relapse like you do because on no grounds do I have the pretense of perfection. Currently I struggle with social pressures because like I said the thing about my friends is they're not me. I picked up a lot of my friends in college and the circumstances were different (I was excited to drink back then). As years passed afterword and the layers of why I was excited to drink peeled off an exposed themselves for what they really were the eventual boredom of those humdrum drinking routines took all the taste out of life. Those deleterious effects over time sap your energy and you can feel it- no matter how healthy you otherwise are- in your liver in your memory loss in your fatigue and in your maturation process. So yea I welcome the change. Even though I take a drink here and there my goal is to not have any drinks at all for a long time to sort of make up for lost time. Maybe that's just a neurosis but it's real for me. I've changed. **The change is that I desire more every day to walk away from those habits and take on life without the masks and filters of any of those substances.**..Now because my days are spent fully sober I have come to know of myself that I have keen senses serious ambitions and a strong thirst for new interests and stimulating environments. I'm ready to take them on. Then the phone rings or I get a text message inviting me to a bar or a caf  for a beer around 6pm or perhaps it's 10pm. I realize that it's my friend hitting me up; a good friend an old friend. But I'm staying sober and even if I went to the bar just to see them I know that they'd slowly start to buzz because they're in  fuck it mode  and I have to admit  they're less interesting in fuck it mode. They're less stimulating in fuck it mode. They don't want to talk about what I want to talk about and actually they're not quite able to whether they think so or not. We relate less and less with each other each day now. My change means I'm different than the guy that they wanted to hang out with...A thing about our friends who we had our lives drinking with is that even though they support your change it's hard for them to understand and accept the change for what it really is. Nothing about drinking is interesting anymore and unfortunately friend  part of that experience was you when you're drunk. .	.This is a lonely transition as I take painful steps away from friends just by the mere reduction of a particular habit. Not because I want to be rid of them but because I'm different  I enjoy the clarity of sober conversations a great deal. A good thing about sobriety is it gives you new strengths. I can hold out and make it another day. I know I'll make new friends in the future in my sober life who want to take part and share in my sober experiences. Hell maybe I'll even meet a partner. But man right now I'd love to hang out with my friends  who were my drinking friends and who mostly don't  hang out  without alcohol or marijuana around. ..I sure do tend to be verbose these days. If you made it this far or if you didn't:..tl;dr - I won't be drinking with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

In addition to my already lengthy post however it is of great consideration and clear some up some of the difficulty I am having with my drinking friends which of course many of you likely will relate to:..One of the difficulties is that your drinking friends when they call you to hang out and to grab a beer what they're really doing is reaching out for companionship and support. I have been trying to reply both in a manner that shows I want to see them and provide them with that camaraderi but with suggestions of activities which would be free of substances. This usually results in... us not seeing each other. You see that in many ways it is a Catch-22: if I go see them I diminish my values of how I wish to spend my time in stimulating environments and am also likely to submit to peer pressure to having one or two drinks and yet if I persist on different activities free of substance and with sober minds there is no comaraderie. 
I think this is a huge obstacle for me. A lonely transition is the perfect way to put it. Not only do I feel like I am losing my best friend in alcohol but of course relationships I had that were centered around alcohol too. I know my drinking buddies are not my real friends but that comroderi is something that I miss. But I'm not going to be sad about the part of me that I feel like I'm losing I'm going to be excited about finally becoming the person who I was always supposed to be. I won't be drinking with you tonight :)
Yeah this is a great post (even if I had to look up the word 'deleterious'!) which many of us will be able to relate to - I certainly do. In fact the 'camaraderie' is the only thing I 'miss' but like the tone of your post I can't miss it more than my dry life which contains so much more richness in every area - relationships conversations health sports time work money family life! I've only had 16 dry days in January (12 consecutive) but I've already started replacing those many many wasted hours (in both senses of the word!) in bars with my mates with other more productive and enjoyable activities - some with 'new' friends on our bikes on a Wednesday night some with my girls (wife and 16 year old daughter who heads off to Uni in 17 months).some on my own planning or getting fit or reading some at work on new proactive projects some with this community! What is really exciting is that even after just a few days (12) this is happening and I feel so much more empowered and relevant and useful and productive so just think what we can achieve after a few months/years. ..I won't be drinking with you and being deleterious today but all the best and thanks for a great post! 
[removed]
