-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p5iea/sorry_heres_my_bad_aa_experience/

I know the program is helpful to many but I have lost my faith in it. I'm in my mid 20's I drink alone to escape the world. I have extreme anxiety and even moderate sized groups stress me out. But i really want to make some friends. I used to be "cool" but I'm such a nervous weirdo anymore. I really wanted AA to work. It was heart breaking this time. ..I had experienced rejection from a sponsor who I realized later was a total creep. I can't tell anymore if my sponsor was sober he seemed more interested in the women in the group than me. He told me I should find an older lady to hook up with and the 13th step was a great thing which I've been to AA enough to know that the 13th Step is not regarded as a good thing. It really reframed my view of his preoccupation with women especially younger women in the group. The initial rejection I got from this sponsor really hurt my self esteem and it wasn't until I finally decided to relapse and ran into one of his sponsees at the liquor store that I started to put the pieces together that these aren't the great guys the appear to be. He apparently had more than a decade sober. A bunch of us got together for service work to help this guy move and I thought "man this dude's apartment is messy like mine is when I'm drinking." turns out he was.. It seems like that's how some people get by in AA they relapse and never tell anyone. ..A sponsor isn't a therapist they're not some professional you're getting help from. I have a hard time trusting anyone else because this was an active and respected member of a very clean cut and professional group. ..I just wanted to vent I'm trying to clean up again and nobody in my family trusts me and I feel pretty lonely ..
----------immediate responses--------

Are there SMART meetings in your area?  My AA experience has been extremely positive and I haven't encountered what you describe but what you describe would drive me away. ..But just in case others unfamiliar are reading this: Service work is helping someone move? no way would I do that.  Maybe as a friend but not as part of AA. I hope no one pressured you into doing that. My sponsor is very reluctant to give me direct advice or act like a therapist in any way.  He just shares his experience...Sorry your experience was negative. I hope you find what works for you.  There's more than one way to get sober.  AA isn't the only game in town.   
That is disheartening to hear your story.  I don't have a sponsor or anyone to call when I am feeling tempted...SD has been my support.  I have always been curious to know about how truthful people are about their days sober.  Alcohol makes you do dumb hurtful and embarrassing things to yourself and others.  It wouldn't surprise to find out that a number of people want to hide their relapses.  Some could feel embarrassed by the relapse in and of itself.  ..I am overwhelmed by the support I have found on SD.  Any time I post something there are replies and well wishes from people almost instantaneously.  It really helps me out.  I hope this helps you as well.  ..We're here with you and we will not drink with you today!
I shudder to think what a dismal hell the man is living in. That's an unimaginable level of suffering. 
I can see how you would feel like rejecting AA with those experiences. Your sponsor was a total creep as you say and there was not good sobriety in that group...I am sorry to hear you went through all that. I hope you find a way to stay sober that works for you. I see a therapist who helps me. I don't have a sponsor yet-- I haven't found the right person-- and I have 10 months sober and counting. ..I also don't believe in god and hate prayers that state that we need to give up our will over our lives to god. No thank you!..Also I left AA the first time I went over 9 years ago and part of the reason what an older guy who tried to 13th step me. Yuck. Terrible behavior...I guess I just wanted to say that there are all sorts of people in AA and some of them are actually sober and have healthy boundaries and treat people with respect. I'm not one to endorse AA full stop though-- it's flawed as we all are but it works for some people...I hope you find what you are looking for. I wish I had the answers.
Don't be sorry!..Remember it's your program a sponsor should "have what you want" and sometimes it takes a while to figure that out. Heck I admire the hell out of my sponsor but am currently considering changing because she and I have some differences that may not be overcome and she may not have what I want. And I like her :) ..You're right- AA is just people trying to help each other. Some are doing better than others we're all humans and everyone is welcome- and I'm glad for that I mean they let me in :)  ..Ultimately what you do in or out of AA is up to you the work is yours- the sponsor doesn't do the work for you. The best analogy I've heard was that if the job is say digging a hole you do the digging the sponsor holds the light. ..Sorry you had such a shitty experience I hope whatever you choose you start to feel better.
Principals not personalities is so important in cases like these.  Don't let this sponsor &amp; HIS actions be something you drink over!
Ugh.  This is terrible.  I'm sorry you went through this.  I'm sorry you are feeling lonely.  I hope it's a little reassuring that there are so many of us going through similar things and rooting for you.  I'll not drink with you tonight!
Just because they're in AA doesn't magically make someone a good person. Even the old timers that the new folks really look up to as sponsors and for guidance. I know this because my own mother was one of those people. By the time she died last year she had over 30 years in the program and people found that inspirational. Yet she was the most hateful judgmental bitch behind everyone's backs. She trash-talked folks like it was her job. She loved the attention she got from AA and LOVED telling "her story" in front of groups. I heard her story quite a few times when I still gave a shit. She conveniently left out the really nasty stuff she did stuff that I never forgot. She kept it light and humorous! There was nothing humorous about her disgusting drunken mothering tactics. It all left a really nasty taste in my mouth about AA and I won't be a part of it because of that...Sorry for the rant I guess I really needed to vent too. I know AA works for lots of folks. It's just not for me.
Sorry you had a bad experience.  I do hope you find some type of group support and stick with the winners.
I'm glad I wasn't alone in feeling this. I met a lot of people in AA who were very kind and supportive and I think for some it is what they need to look inside themselves and find what they need. But in all the months I went in all the steps I worked through I never connected with anyone for more than an hour. And after working through as many steps and spiritual awakenings as I did I think I learned all I could there. The rest was on me or I was going to keep falling off the wagon over and over because feeling disconnected is one of my worst triggers. We all need a safe place and safe people in our lives and AA just wasn't that for me.
Not surprised. Predators like weak and vulnerable targets. There are a lot of those in AA meetings. ..Don't let a bad experience in AA keep you from staying sober. There is nothing that says you have to go to AA to get and stay sober. AA is just a tool that some people like and some people don't like. 
I can't recommend The 30 Day Sobriety Solution enough. It's not a meeting it's a book. I downloaded the audio book 27 days ago and haven't looked back. It's empowering positive helpful sometimes even a bit difficult to read/hear because it makes you take a deep look at yourself. But it's SO positive. There is no "I am an alcoholic" There is "What got me here." ..I keep suggesting people download this because it has been absolutely life changing for me. I don't know where I'm headed when I hit day 30 but I DO know I am a better person for it. I am more in control of myself. I am willing to show vulnerability and I've been there for others more so than ever before. I have expressed gratitude and have felt genuine real joy and happiness since embracing this book. ..You might give it a shot. @runnersmanud suggested it to me 27 days ago. VERY thankful. 
Don't give up there are great sponsors out there! 
I think what many get into trouble with in A.A. is expecting all meetings to be alike. Seriously I've heard more fuss about the 'god' thing than ever was an issue at any meeting. If you don't believe in god no one cares. .A.A. can be the best support group ever but sadly when we enter we are often very vulnerable..If one is a woman I would even recommend first trying an all womans group..As far as the creepy sponsorI personally could read red flags all over your post but of course you are new. I've always suggested to sit and watch observe listen and see who is really working a program and has what you want before taking any big steps...I hope you try again. As many kinds of folks out there is as many kind of meetings are out there.   Often times it seems as if Saturday morning groups are popular well attended and by a multitude of types of people...Sometimes if meetings are in a club you find professional non-drinkers. My own sponsor instructed me to not go to meetings in clubs and I never have...Anyway sorry you had a bad experience Perhaps try again. Look for those people who volunteer with coffee with reading material and who have good friendly relationships with lots of folks. .It's not against the rules to ask around for recommendations about who might be a good sponsor either!..
Here's the #1 problem I see with AA: many of us define it by the people attending the meetings.  The meetings and fellowship that can be derived from them are a part of it yes.  But the Big Book Alcoholics Anonymous is the meat and potatoes...It is way too easy for me to take things personally from others which in reality I shouldn't do.  When it comes to AA I found that I put personalities before principles for many years and it in turn drove me out of the rooms.  That's why AA explicitly lists the "principles before personalities" notion because it understands that flaw of the human species.  I now find that AA meetings as a support group of others who totally relate to me are something I want in my life.  Relating specifically to AA I did not arrive to this conclusion until I read the Big Book and thought "Oh wow.  A lot of these people should not be listened to."..If you are still interested I would suggest reading the first 164 pages of the Alcoholics Anonymous book.  If it ain't in there then learn to not give a second thought to another member spewing their opinion in a meeting.  If it ain't helpin' I ain't listenin'.  This can also be applied to a sponsor.  Again only if you're still interested in AA as support...If it were me with that sponsor I would cut them loose and never look back.  I also wouldn't feel pressure to find another one right away.  I knew who I wanted as a sponsor after sitting in multiple meetings and listening to others.  In the meantime I read the Big Book attended meetings and did all the other cool shit I do instead of drinking.  This is about you brother not the other members of AA.
I'm so sorry- that really fucking sucks. *hugs* I have a lot of anxiety too so I can relate. ..Don't lose faith in the program though- I'm going to all kinds of different meetings all over my town. Both NA and AA even though I'm just an alcoholic. I've heard a lot to just get a sponser ASAP but tbh? I think it's wise to be discerning about it because of things like this. 
I first went to an AA meeting when I was 20 and was cornered outside afterwards by a guy in his 60s who had "20" years clean. He tried to convince me he should be my sponsor got my number and then would text me every day for the next two weeks trying to get me to come to his apartment "to help with my sobriety" ..That isn't the fault of the program itself but I have heard from some other women that they have had similar experiences. Some men treat it as a place to find vulnerable women. 
If you live in a larger town or city try to find a Young People's group to check out. There are no actual restrictions on age (young in age or young at heart). I'm consistently impressed by many of the people I meet at these meetings. It's where I met my sponsor who's 32 with 7 years clean as well as a lot of guys and gals who I now consider close friends. Remember a sponsor is someone who takes you through the steps. Nothing more nothing less. You're under no obligation to see them as a friend or mentor as long as you respect and trust them. It's also perfectly fine to change sponsors at any time and any good sponsor will understand and not be hurt if you decide to start working with someone else. ..Just like I hope that you don't consider a relapse as a reason to give up on sobriety I hope that you don't let a bad experience in AA spoil the whole thing for you. The program has given me so much more than sobriety - confidence direction and friendships just to name a few - and I hope that you find the same either in the program or elsewhere. 
hey! just chiming in because i didn't use aa to get/stay sober. i have been seeing a therapist built a support group in my friends and family and changed my attitude towards drinking by every day not drinking and finding the joy in the things i can do without being totally shittered. you don't *need* aa to get or stay sober and you may find friends elsehwere - have you ever tried meetup or joining a sports team or some other group that shares an interest of yours? good luck! :)
I left AA some years ago after a year of sobriety. Some members of my home group had me so scared that I would immediately relapse that I think that is why I stayed as long as I did.  I had a sponsor who I genuinely respected &amp; when I told her that I thought about leaving the group (not leaving my sobriety though) she seemed supportive...and promptly cut me out of her life when I left.  It was a very hurtful experience for me.  I went on and enjoyed several more years of sobriety before relapsing   Today I am grateful for the tools that I learned in AA.  I figure I can take the good leave the bad &amp; move on with my life.  I love the ease and honesty of this sub.  I am grateful for everyone on SD- you guys keep me accountable &amp; motivated now.
I'm in my late 20s too and I've had some pretty good experiences with the 12 step program so far. Some things my sponsor told me that seem like solid advice.....Don't ever make your recovery dependent on another person even a sponsor. Also always have more than one person you can call in case your sponsor turns out to be shitty (sounds like yours was). That way when they tell you things like the 13th step is great you can fact check against what other people say. My sponsor went through 6 sponsors in the first year and managed not to relapse. Don't let this one dude turn you off to everyone in the program. There are people who are doing it right also. ..The more friends in the program you make the more support you have and the easier it is to weed out the dudes you don't want to associate with. You're right no one there is a therapist or anything and everyone comes to the program broken. I always had a hard time trusting shrinks though. The professionalism built an automatic wall for me. I didn't like that they took notes and could in theory discuss it with other people under the right conditions. I didn't like the time constraints and the fact that they were often helping you with something they never went through themselves. They just read about it in books which means they often couldn't relate...As far as the group goes you kind of have to pick out the people who seem genuine and trustworthy. You can tell them some crazy lie and then wait a while to see if it gets around. It's a good way to see who is trustworthy.  Looking for someone who is humble was important for me. I don't go for the big crazy stories either. I don't think sober time necessarily makes someone a better sponsor. Mine has like 2 years and I'm doing great. I have a hard time relating to old timers...I didn't really like AA but I loved NA. Younger people and a basic text that is more updated for modern life (it felt less cult like to me). They consider alcohol a drug so it's not a problem to switch. ..Don't give up. You got this.
I never bothered with a sponsor. Didn't like the idea so I didn't get one. I used AA just as a support group to help get a bunch of sober time together. There's no need to give one's self completely to the program. One just has to not take the first drink. Any self-work resembling the steps is good for stress reduction. I examined my belief about myself life and alcohol. Made amends with a few people. Meditation is a personal thing. I keep my AA in the room and when I leave it's not in my life. It can be whatever I want it to be. The key for my sobriety was just accepting that I *can't* drink because I crave it when I do and always become a heavy drinker. Once I got it that through my head I was home free. Good luck! 12 days is awesome.
I'm sorry you went through that.  That's the kind of thing that would leave a bad taste in my mouth regarding the program.  I have a couple friends who had horrid sponsor experiences as well.  One guy brought in his sponsee sparked up a doobie and offered it to him.  Went on to fully creep the poor fella out.  Fortunately he ditched that guy and got a new one and is still in the program today with four years clean and sober...If you give it a shot again and I hope you will consider using this as a screening tool for a sponsor:  "Have you had a spiritual awakening as the result of the steps?"  If they look at you like you're crazy walk away.  Because after all that's the purpose of the steps.  Also someone suggested to check out the first 164 pages of the big book.  I'll cosign that as well that's the program and where the solution to my seemingly irrational affliction of alcoholism lies.  ..Anyways just want to tell you that 12 days is amazing you're doing great all things considered.  And know that you're not alone.  You can do this.
AA turned me off.  To me it seems big on guilt and shame.  Second I have a hard time believing that a group of drunks can offer each other anything more than support.  Third as you point out it's intentionally decentralized deregulated and not populated by professionals.  As a young fragile woman I sensed danger...When AA was founded basically nothing was known about addiction.  It was a group of people doing the best they could with the flimsy tools available...We (humanity we) have come a long way since those times. If AA works great.  If it doesn't there's therapy SMART recovery HAMS on and on.
AA is full of alcoholics. Alcoholics are judgmental obnoxious egotistical people that in some cases are working on being better than that by not drinking and working a program. It works for me but I wish you luck. Find something that works for you and keep doing it. 
People keep asking me why I haven't gotten a sponsor yet. Truth of the matter is that I haven't found anyone I *trust* to sponsor me yet. There is one guy but he's not in a position with his career to take anyone on...I'm seriously considering taking on the steps alone at this point. I've done the first three wholeheartedly and I think I'll just enlist the help of one of my co-clients from treatment for step 5 8 and 9 so I can have some accountability.
Your experience reminded me of this book: https://www.amazon.com/Drink-Intimate-Relationship-Between-Alcohol/dp/006224180X..The author talks at length about issue with women and AA. 
I am so glad i'm not the only person who feels this way. A lot of the people at the meeting i go to seem legit but some of them seem totally full of shit. 
My first sponsor stole from me. Know what I did?  Fired her and got a new one.  BAM.  The end.
