-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5p5ijp/well_the_weekends_here_again/

Well it's Friday again a day that used to mean something very different to me than it does on this day. You see I used to live for the weekend...But in my short time I've had here recently it's become something that is now more closely associated with dread :/ But I'm actually in a pretty good place right now:) ..That's because I've decided I'm not going to fight a hundred small battles in my mind that pop up and attack me seemingly out of nowhere this weekend. I don't have to worry and fret and doubt myself because I've already decided that I will not be drinking this weekend.. .Will I be bored at times? I'm sure I will. Will I often feel like a man without a country and aimlessly wonder "what the hell am I going to do with myself?" somewhat so inevitably yes. But also I am going to reflect on some of the things that I have accomplished so far. I know it's not much but right now they seem bigger to me. I have been savoring my small victories and even if I don't always recognize them in the moment maybe they are actually all adding up to become something bigger...Something that I don't even know what it is but something that I never even considered that I might be worthy of! I'm going to remember this feeling when a low hits because I don't want to throw it away. I want to keep building on it!..What's that drinking buddies? No I will not be going out to the bars with you this weekend. Yeah I know you "miss me" I'm glad you think I don't have a "real problem". By the way thanks for your "support". I'm glad I told you I was really trying to do something different and you instantly disregarded me as a person. I'm sorry if I seemed more like just a funny prop to add to the enjoyment while we were all getting shitfaced. So you guys go have "fun". No I will not being going out to the bars tonight. .."Sorry folks...The clown has retired." (at least for today anyways) ..I know I'm not alone in struggling the most when the weekend arrives. I wish anyone reading this a safe and happy...or at least not completely unbearable weekend   ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you - yes the clown - me too ! Let's have a nice weekend x 
Same here. I'm so sick of being the clown. It was killing me. Time to put my energy towards me!  Thanks for the post. Gives me strength. 
"Sorry folks...The clown has retired." (at least for today anyways).I know I'm not alone in struggling the most when the weekend arrives. I wish anyone reading this a safe and happy...or at least not completely unbearable weekend   ..Yup "Capt. Pat" and "Blackout Pat" have retired.  I just want the beautiful and connecting magic of a conversation...Did you just end up ignoring your former friends?  I have one still annoying me and I've been wondering how to handle it.
You know what time it is... that's right everyone! Suns Out Guns Out! They got themselves some brewskis and are about to become best broskis! And be sure to tune in next week same time same episode.
Well Tim still likes all the bands he did in high school. Mostly 311 but also some Sublime (which I still don't mind. (The 40 oz to freedom album actually still holds up for me) but he also plays whatever is popular on the charts and pretends to like shitty hip hop that is void of soul and relies way too heavily on auto-tune. His high fives are often painful and the back slapping/arm punching/man hugs are bordering on physical assault. His drink of choice? Fireball of course! Otherwise he likes micro beers but whatever is on tap and cheapest though...
