-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pb15r/8_days_sober_today/

Welp here I am at day 8. This week honestly hasn't been hard. The only day I had that I wanted a drink was day 4 after a stressful day at work. ..The main thing I have struggled with this week isn't cravings but insomnia. How I miss the days of my chemically induced pass out slumber. I haven't gotten hardly any sleep this whole week. Nightmares about drinking racing thoughts of all the stupid shit I have done while drunk. Feelings of insecurity about the future worry etc. I got some melatonin to try and help go to sleep... I have a prescription for Naltrexone which I haven't used this week but in the past it has made me sleepy. I'm trying to only take the naltrexone when I have a craving and maybe in the distant future take one before an outing with friends so I can have 1-2 drinks with them and not feel like I need more. It has worked like a charm in the past when I need to be in that situation and I knew I wouldn't be able to just say no to being offered a drink. ..I'm already down 4 lbs but that could be just water weight. ..Does anyone have any tips for the insomnia? What can I expect in the next 2 weeks - 2 months? What are the milestones that you can recall? ..Thanks for the support and I look forward to getting to know everyone and offering support when others need it.
----------immediate responses--------

You can always choose to say no to a drink.   Just be prepared with an answer or order a seltzer before anyone has a chance to offer you one..For sleep.. I tried playing "pink sound" (like white sound) on my phone at night next to my bed.   There are also some great hypnosis or meditation tapes on Utube for sleep that helped me a lot!   .Stay strong... I will not drink with you today!   Wishing you sweet dreams and a clear head in the morning!!
Good going! 8 days is a big deal BUT watch out for stronger cravings into 2nd and 3rd week. It definitely eases off after day 30. Why the cravings? Because you have to live thru each situation again sans the alcohol. Congrats!
For a sleep aid I usually take 10mg of melatonin which zonks me right out. But you do have some pretty bizarre dreams with melatonin. Valerian root is also a really good herbal sleep aid. I also use Kava Kava quite a bit as well. Not only does it help with sleep but Kava Kava is helpful when the stress and anxiety of not drinking start to get to you. I find that it calms me down gives me a feeling of peace and clears my mind of any compulsive desire to drink.
