-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pfvyt/relapsed_on_purpose_back_to_day_1_feeling_safe_wtf/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

My experiences that my relapses did not ever happen all of a sudden I had actually planned on them far before I drank. What I learned from this was that I had to do something right at the moment those plans started or I was headed to a place I didn't want to be...So for example this weekend I did things and planned things in a specific way. I made sure I had cash so I could buy alcohol without my spouse knowing which is not a huge deal but it shows that I was planning on relapsing. So I made a decision right there and then and I told my spouse about my cravings. Then I posted on here and texted a few friends who have been supported. I needed accountability to stop my plans...We have the power to interrupt our plans to drink but a lot of times the Addictive brain overcomes us. The more sober time and Clarity I get the more I learn that I need to talk about these early early early warning signs of relapse. It's taking me a really long time to get here but that is what is helpful for me. Your mileage may vary...Now that you know what you know is there anything that you would do differently?
Welcome back...I remember being about 2 weeks in and finally feeling "Safe."  It was a weird almost fake confidence.  It felt like pieces of my brain were trying to trick the rest of my brain and body to feel like I was cured and no longer craved or desired alcohol.  After a few close calls and unnecessary tests I learned that I needed to really devote some work towards WHY I drank and why I craved alcohol...Have you read This Naked Mind yet?
When I look back to my days of drinking I just shake my head and think how addicted I was to alcohol. But at the time...I was in control. I was drinking out of my free will. That's my story.
For me the planning to drink was the common way it happened. I would get this itch to drink and my mind would flip through the calendar to find the day or time I could drink 8 and get away with it. It was almost like I didn't have a choice in the matter. I compare it to when your butthole itches (yeah gross I know) --- it was so intense and I could focus on was scratching that itch. Even when I didn't really want to drink. 
I think with this attitude relapse will occur again.
