-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pg0io/my_alcoholic_relatives_are_visiting/

My sister and her husband are staying with us for a few days. They arrived with more booze than luggage: gin mixers red and white wine...On Friday we went to the theatre in London's West End (Motown = great fun). Yesterday we toured St Pauls Cathedral to the very top and went to Borough Market...Today I'm cooking a full English Breakfast and then driving us to Stonehenge followed by another show The Play That Went Wrong...I mention all this because it has been fascinating watching them very resourcefully plan their access to alcohol throughout each day...The theatre trip on Friday involved a pub lunch a pub visit before the theatre pre-show drinks in the theatre bar intermission drinks and then home for more drinks into the small hours...The Borough Market visit (a food market on the site where food has been traded for more than 1000 years I learn) where we walked around for maybe 90 minutes required two bottles of prosecco followed by after St Pauls drinks at home from 4PM to the small hours...Two observations from me:..1. I was thrilled to not be at all tempted to join them in drinking alcohol. Something has changed in my brain. Alcohol is not talking to me any longer. This is amazing to me. I have been a daily drinker to excess for four decades...2. Previously I know I'd have been right in the thick of it with them planning my days around booze. I recognised so much of my drinking self in their behaviour...At the moment they think I'm only having a dry January. They repeated many things but one of them was to commiserate and feel sorry for me over my self-inflicted abstinence. They could not believe I was having fun too...So here we are on the third and final day. I am up alone at 8 AM (I have been up since 5 AM) getting ready to prepare a big breakfast for us four before we head to Stonehenge. I feel great. I feel proud of myself in a way. I am relieved that becoming sober has not been an epic inner struggle so far this time although am acutely aware this is only the early days in my sober journey. .."Becoming sober" is how I am thinking about this rather than stopping drinking. I am gaining something rather than giving something up. Hey - it works for me...One final observation: SD is a tremendous help. I had not realised the power of this promise repeated each day by me to one or more of you: I will not drink with you today...Thanks all.
----------immediate responses--------

So totally amazing! Isn't it incredibly freeing to know that we can enjoy life without having to organize our plans around alcohol?..And I know this might be a dorky question but I have no idea what a full English breakfast is. What is it? It sounds fascinating.
Love this post I relate to what you say on many levels. I too started out with dry January but now planning to extend to 3 months minimum. ..I am finding it so liberating not planning my drinking - and also not planning my hangovers! Looking at our calendar for the year ahead I know that subconsciously for special events/ holidays/ city breaks etc I would in the past plan in "down time" - i.e. Hangover time - now I can make use of that time for fun stuff instead yay!!..I also love your approach of not thinking about it as stopping drinking but gaining sobriety - that's a powerful positive reinforcement I shall use myself...Thank you for your post I will not drink with you today.
This is wonderful.  I really like reading stories like this.  I understand what you mean too about alcohol not speaking to you. I was at a party earlier with lots of alcohol and as I watched others slur their words all night I didn't even want a drink.  I didn't want to act like that ever again.  I will not drink today either. 
Can *I come visit you??? I want to do all those things and you sound like a great tour guide!..let us know if Stonehedge sober feels spiritual.
I will not drink with you today and really enjoyed reading your post. Thank you for sharing and I really can relate. ..I really wish I could've joined you today!  I've never been to the UK (on my bucket list!) but hopefully someday. I really want to see London (and Stonehenge and.. and.. and.. lol)
Thank you for sharing this I won't be drinking with you today. I would love to eat a big breakfast and go to Stonehenget too lol but being across the ocean might keep me from that plan today :) all the best to you. 
Good lord - how much money have they spent on booze while with you?
I can so relate to those days when I'd have to plan my day around when and where I could drink it's so freeing to be able to enjoy your day without worrying about those things! Great post and love the idea of "gaining sobriety" instead of losing something. I will not drink with you today!
I hope you go many many days without hearing alcohol's voice. I will not drink with you today. 
I was out with some heavy drinkers last night too and I am hosting some others tonight.  I find being around other people who are drunk is very enforcing of my sobriety...it makes me feel embarrassed about my past behavior and reminds me of many of the reasons I quit.  I have another group of friends however who are very moderate drinkers and I've never seen any of them drunk past the point of being a little giggly.  Being with those friends is my greatest temptation...so hard to accept and remember that I can't join in and be just like them!  
