-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pgq5z/two_thoughts_on_day_60/

1. It has been said a lot recently but I'll say it again because it's true for me: sobriety does not solve all my problems but it has made clear what problems I need to work on. And I am finally seeing a psychologist tomorrow to actually start working on those things. I've wanted to do this for more than a year but constantly rationalized not taking action. The irony. ..2. It does get easier: I haven't been focussing on not-drinking as much as in the beginning. Instead I've been able to focus more on my study. I was preparing a meeting with a teacher earlier this week when my roommate walking into the room swearing on his class at 9 in the morning which is indeed way to early if you've been drinking the night before. I realized I was actually looking forward to my meeting because I was curious what my teacher had to say about my work. I did my best on it instead of just making the deadline...The further I get away from drinking the more I realize this is the best decision I've made in years and the less I think of going back to it. It's not easy but who cares about the easy road? To anyone struggling: please stick with it. Won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today! :) I had just begun seeing a therapist before my rock bottom night and chose to increase my appointments to weekly instead of biweekly as a way to move things along. I also had to make the commitment to be totally honest with her; trying to sugarcoat things like the amount I drank and my idiot behavior when I was drinking or hungover or feeling shameful isn't going to work if I'm truly trying to get healthy. Good luck to you! 
Thanks for sharing.
Two years in can confirm both of these things...Thanks for posting!
I could not agree more. I will drink with you today!
Awesome work! I too have started seeing a psychologist (again) and am excited to see how things progress.  In the past when I was drinking heavily I would sugarcoat my responses to the psychologist in order to feel more socially accepted.  Now when I see him I'm throwing the bare truth at whatever hole we dive down. I'm sick of depression and want a better life.  I will not drink with you today.  And congrats on 60 days! (I'm a little jealous now that I'm a day behind you hahaha jk! )
I'm nearing 60 myself...re: #1..Being sober doesn't magically make your life amazing.  That said it removes poison that was taking away so much from our lives.  Going alcohol-free does make some problems more apparent problems that have been a thorn in your side all along but not poisoning yourself definitely makes it far more practical to actually address the problems...re: #2..For me the first 5 days since my last drink are craving-hell.  I finally feel in control around day 10...Around day 20 or so the cravings aren't a problem anymore but the #1 "enemy" are the sub-conscious thoughts of "just one drink" or things like people trying to pressure you into drinking...&gt;  It's not easy but who cares about the easy road? ..Temptations are easy only in the short-term sense.  Overall alcohol makes our lives that much harder with hangovers less spending money less mental clarity the dependence and possible impact on school/work/relationships and more...
