-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5phpod/badge_reset_but_not_getting_down_about_it/

So I just thought I'd share this in case it helps anyone depressed over relapsing and for accountability. I drank last night... I didn't go on a crazy bender or anything but after 18 days of really working on recovery this slip was really disappointing. But I'm recommitting to not drinking and trying to learn from this. I ended up drinking at about 2am after a whole sober night. I was home alone (my toddler sleeping upstairs) and my anxiety was spiking. My heart was racing at every noise and I was just sort of stewing in my stress and bad feelings of the past couple days. The thought occurred to me... there is half a bottle of jagermeister in the freezer. One drink could end my anxiety insomniac nightmare. And I caved. I had two very large double shots. I fell asleep while contemplating how to justify drinking the rest of the bottle. .So today I have a slight headache and I'm looking back at how this happened. For one I need a plan for being home alone at night with my anxiety. The second is I hadn't gone to a meeting all week and hadn't been actively working through my anxiety or recovery over the past few days when things got hard. Guess what? It's hard to be sober when things are hard! And now I know I am still susceptible to relapsing even after almost three weeks of good behavior (I know this should be obvious but I had started to feel like things were easy so maybe my problem isn't that bad!)..So I'm going to a meeting today and tomorrow resetting my badge and moving forward. ..Thanks for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you!!!!  Reset for very much the same reasons as you.  Taking similar lessons away from the event.  There's no place but forward to go.  Thanks for sharing your thoughts!
I'm sorry to hear you had a rough night but it sounds like you have the right attitude about it!  Lesson learned back on the horse!  :)  I will not drink with you today!
I'm sorry that happened to you but you will pick yourself up dust yourself off and continue on your sober path. ..When you say meetings do you mean AA?  If so could you maybe find a sponsor or someone to call in those moments of high anxiety?  I think that's one of the things sponsors can help with. ..I will not drink with you today. X
I had 13 days under my belt and blew it on Friday after a very stressful day.  I completely understand and will recommit along with you!  We can do this together!
what else could you try for late night anxiety? baths and tea help me ..Glad you came right back :)
Best wishes Leafygreener!  Cheering you on as you move forward dealing with the anxiety.  Have a wonderful day today :)
