-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pnicb/moderation_is_hard_i_want_to_stop_drinking/

A week ago on Saturday I said I'm taking a break from alcohol. .I lasted until Thursday on which I had a few. I had a few on Thursday Friday Saturday and yesterday Sunday. Increasing amounts every night... Yesterday I cracked open the wine bottle at 4 by 8 I had had 3 big glasses of wine and 2 beers. ..I have no words why it's this way. One is too much and five is too little. I'm only 25 years old and I see this pattern of things getting worse. I want to be sober but I can't imagine my life without ever drinking alcohol... But on the other hand I don't want to drink...It's time for me to get active here again reading and supporting others who struggle with alcoholism. Almost two years ago I discovered r/stopdrinking. My problem existed then and it exists now and I believe it will exist if I continue to drink. I can't believe I'm still dealing with this same issue. Nothing happens if I don't do the work...If you read this I hope you have a great day today. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there This pattern of abstaining &amp; drinking in a few days is quite common and annoying. this being a progressive disease led me to drink every day and my resolution to not drink lasted only a few hours at best at the worst of my alcoholism...acceptance that moderation is not for me was the key acceptance. i found a way to stay away from alcohol for a month or so and then slipped many times before going this far on the latest attempt. This time i was prepared with my tools - main being SD AA physical activities words of wisdom self motivation learning different religions learning spirituality etc and i took my whole life as it came dull sad routine whatever. I also made pact with myself that i will not get excited to celebrate any event for an year as I am the person who will drink down a bottle just because it's somebody's birthday in the world ;)..stay strong focus be prepared with your tools to fight that urge that will hit you whenever it does. First few days/weeks may be tough (were excruciating painful for me) and when the drink does show up in front of you play the tape forward and think about the rewards of looking away and also the sorrows should you kneel to the temptation...good luck ! and I'll not drink with you today.
The second parapgraph of your post sums up my experience with alcohol almost completely...Only 54 days in I can honestly say that though it's not always easy to say no to alcohol living the dry life has been a lot easier and more rewarding than continuously attempting moderate alcohol use without any success...I will not drink with you today.
I was living this too but it's getting easier albeit just a few weeks into this new life. The book The Naked Mind goes into the conflict you mention which we all experience. We really want a drink in certain circumstances but we also don't want to drink as we know the consequences. The book explains that this is a natural conflict between our conscious and sub-conscious. Our conscious tells us logically it makes no sense to poison ourselves with a toxic substance wake up with a hangover impact our work relationships and health possible injury etc etc. However our subconscious has been conditioned to associate alcohol with fun times through the marketing we experience the memories of alcohol since we were growing up the powerful instilled romantic memories we associate with alcohol. This is the conflict we experience. When we reach a mindset that acknowledges this and accepts alcohol for what it is (a toxic substance that....see above) then our relationship with alcohol can change. This is where I am now. I have weaknesses though so continually need to stay resetting the sub-conscious with the realities of alcohol until the day my sub-conscious and conscious are in harmony and I can live this wonderful new life in control and without fear of alcohol.
"*One is too many a thousand is not enough*"..Sums it up for me!..Moderation always turned into "deals" made with myself which became broken promises to myself which brought guilt and cast doubt about my "willpower"...I spoke to a counselor which was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I got support from people who understood what I was experiencing.  I git tools resources and fellowship to stop and to learn to love sober.  I've never been happier!
I don't know if it's some kind of weird thing in our brains but some people just cannot limit their consumption. It's frustrating and I do get envious of those people who can have a couple and that's all. .Try not to think of never ever touching the stuff again that's too overwhelming. Just take each day as it comes and do your best on that day. One last thing I'd really recommend you try and nip this in the bud. I'm 39 and have ruined countless relationships through my drinking. Lost a good career as well. Oh and I have a wine belly which I'm sure you won't want! Good luck to you. 
Glad you're here.  I couldn't imagine not drinking either.  Now I've experienced the best (almost) 2 months of my life due to sobriety.  It's great I promise.  Not drinking with you today !
Yes this is me too. I have found if i limited myself to drinking only on the weekends i would get hammered because i wouldn drink the rest of the week. Like i was trying to pack in all the alcohol i could in two days to "reward" myself for abstaining weekdays. Moderation can kick the crap out of a person! Best to you.
