-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ps6he/i_need_to_come_clean_tonight/

Hey SD happy sober Monday. ..Tonight I'm going to an AA meeting that I've been frequenting for almost 2 years but haven't been to in over a month. It's a women's meeting and a really tight group...whom I haven't been honest with about my frequent relapsing for almost a year. ..I've been avoiding going because I know I need to come clean and ask if one of them is willingly to be my new sponsor but the thought of doing it terrifies me. I haven't exactly been lying to them but I've been putting on a front that looks like I have it all together (I've become an expert at it) and when I've commented it's been about superficial stuff. ..Anyway I'm posting here to hold myself accountable and make sure I go and rip the band aid off tonight. I know what comes after is only going to be positive but that doesn't stop the fear. ..Here goes nuthin. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck! You can do it :)
Good luck. AA is so supportive you couldn't be at a better place 
Good luck! It's going to suck for sure but they'll have your back. I will not drink with you today! 
We are a very accepting and understanding community...  I know I'm not one to judge ANYone.
They will welcome the honesty. They can love you through this!
Hey I think people really respect honestly being that it can be very hard to do :) stay strong and I bet you'll feel way better once you've got that weight off your shoulders. We are all here for ya!
First relapse happens all the time to almost everyone. Don't beat yourself up! The most important thing is to learn from it be honest with yourself. ..If I had a nickel for every time I told myself I'm quitting I would be rich!..The anxiety your feeling more than likely the dissapointment in yourself. Many of us have been there. Not to mention you have more sponsors here then you can possibly imagine. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Don't set your expectations too high. If you encounter any pushback try not to take it personally.
You madam are my hero! Anyone who picks themselves up after relapse has some serious guts. 
If there is one thing that is for sure in life it is that everyone puts on a face that says "I have it all together" but the truth is that everyone has struggles... And everyone pretends they don't have struggles! ..Being vulnerable enough to be honest is a big step... You got this!
I needed this post I've been relapsing for 3 weeks off and on and scared of telling my group(s) the full extent. Glad it went well for you and hope the same for myself. 
The reason why I love aa is because I feel I don't need to bs people. They pretty much know the possibilities of the reality.  They've been there and done that already. I'm a mess and that's OK. I mean that in the best way possible.  :) 
I recently messed up again. The important part is that you're focused on recovery.
