-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pss95/making_changes/

 I made lots of changes to my drinking habits but I'm not quite there. I pat myself on the back but know I have a few hurdles yet to jump. I was drinking everyday crushing a 5th of whatever every evening. I started hiding my drinking habit from friends and family. Once they saw and realised it. Many turned the back and walked away. I've slowly pulled myself to a point where I only drink once a week but still a 5th. I even went 90 days without a drop with very little struggle. Back to once a week. I've decided it's just time to quit. ..My drinking became an issue in a very short time. I've always drank since I was 16 but it was always once a month or every three months. Just drank to have a good time w/friends. ..Within a 2 yrs time frame I had two younger brothers pass away. During that same I found my wife having an affair with the next neighbor what a cliche! My career was downsizing and I got laid off. I guess when it rains it pours. I felt I had no control of nothing.  Ultimately I was the textbook drinking to dull my pain. At least that's what I told myself. ..Ironically I was highly functional. Held a very difficult job worked out 5 times a week I ate healthy (except alcohol consumption.)..I even rationalised that I'm not an alcoholic I just abuse alcohol. Regardless of what label I use it's not healthy! I learn that the first 5 minutes I was in the community.  ..So I'm counting today as day 1! Im treating you like an extended family if your not comfortable with that your my friend! Either case I'm looking for support and also extended it any way I can. ..I will not drink with you today!..
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had so many rationalisations to try to justify my continued (and unhealthy) drinking. Removing alcohol from the equation helped me to start to unpick that web I'm happier and healthier for it. I no longer need to hide anything and I get to be fully present which I have come to deeply appreciate.
I'm so so sorry to hear about your brothers your wife and your job.  Man you really had a bad run hopefully you got the bad luck out of the way for a while.  My drinking escalated when my brother was killed four years ago the sudden shock of it punched a hole in my life that is still a very present "absence" if that makes sense.  I can't imagine what you're going through losing two brothers especially younger brothers.  I agree with what you said it doesn't matter whether we drink daily or fit anyone's definition of an alcoholic alcohol becomes a problem in our lives when it has impacts that we are not willing to accept.  Congratulations on deciding to be a happier and healthier you I will not drink with you today!
