-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5psu38/fucking_every_time_i_start_doing_good_it_never/

I was sober for a few weeks. Even quit smoking cigarettes. I honestly don't remember what happened exactly but I do know that I went on one of my signature 2 week long binges. Threw away about 4 bottles today that I don't really remember buying. Bank account is hilariously depressing considering I got paid 3 days ago. Only reason I'm sober now is cause I will literally run out of money for food if I keep it up...Fucking Christ this is insane that I keep doing this to myself.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate. I don't know why I do it either. A lot of the time I start drinking again for no other reason then it just popped in my mind. Or maybe I think of some excuse on why tonight it's ok but it NEVER turns out as planned. Maybe I kinda keep it together for a few doors but it's not long til I'm drinking beer for breakfast. .Don't know what I'm going to do different this time but I'm glad to not be drinking with you today. 
[removed]
It sounds like you could use more support. I tried staying sober on my own but didn't know how. Finally a therapist got me started on the road to recovery. We made a plan. I went to detox rehab outpatient and got involved in AA. It was easier and more fun to stay sober with help.
Hey a lot of people say that that the relapse is waiting patiently and picks up right where you left off (like escalating negatively). I definitely relate to having good intentions but like somehow at 4 or 5 p.m. I was right there buying more wine for the night. ..If you made it a few weeks maybe you can look back and see what worked for you (for me it was changing that night time routine which was my danger zone) and what didn't... For me I was realllllllly kind to myself and did not care about diet or about anything else it was a big enough undertaking just quitting drinking so I let myself be indulgent in other ways (like mega chocolate and pizza haha). ..Hope that you found some peace in those few weeks sober. We are all here for ya when you are ready to try again :)
I feel you. ..I don't feel well and I want nothing more than to make that stop the only way I know how. It's just...nice to not think sometimes.... 
Don't give up hope. Keep dwelling on it keep learning from it. At least that works for me the more it stays in my mind the more real it becomes and the more I learn to tame it. It's almost like when we abstain for a long time and we finally cave our disease takes over and makes us try to make up for lost time by sending us into these wild benders. Almost like we have an hourglass that runs out of sand on top and needs to get flipped over. ..Rehab and therapy are both very helpful and if you can be vocal about it with the right people. The more we hide in the shadows out of shame the harder it is. For me at least I know there is some underlying pain I'm trying to drown. Loneliness depression and boredom as well. But in realizing that the more I accept I have a disease the easier it becomes to find other things to fill the time. All booze is in my eyes is a grown up baby bottle except with the side effect of completely ruining your life and eventually killing you. 
A lot of people say that you need to hit rock bottom. Personally I hope I did. Because otherwise I'm in waiting for a doozy. ..What about you? Is it going to be a DUI? lost job? Waking up in a literal gutter?..If you don't have support you're going to have to have something to be sober for. 
Hey man I am sorry to hear that you are struggling.  Just wanted to send some love and support your way.  
Change your perspective. You had a good 2 week run. You quit smoking cigarettes. You want to change and become more of your true self. You have a job. The closer you get to a breakthrough the greater the resistance. This time you'll be better prepared. Don't give up you're almost there. ..Put one of those rubber bracelets on your wrist and every time you have a negative thought about yourself or something you've done snap it on your wrist. You need more positivity and to get away from that mindset. Focus on your breathing when your mind races. 5 count inhale  8 count exhale. Close your eyes if you can. ..I highly recommend trying a yoga class too. It helps your mind body and changes your outlook on yourself and life. Stay strong. Perseverance is paramount.
Your not alone. I've been through a bunch of relapses in the past.. it's like my brain said... "okay dude let's make up for lost time you got some drinking credit to burn through!!! Chug Chug Chug!!".... never knew it at the time... but my therapist explained to me the reason all that happens.... it wasn't that I'm a bad person or stupid or dense etc.... it's just how my brain is wired.... once I learned that I became better at recognizing triggers etc and learned the importanace of working through them. Wish you the best.... I won't drink with you today. 
In my experience stopping too many bad habits at the same time isn't easy. I stopped smoking about 1.5 years before this attempt at being sober. Doing both at the same time always seemed like a good idea but never worked.  ..I assume the order isn't important personally I should have stopped drinking first then worried about smoking. Smoking never effected my judgment.....All the best! I look forward to seeing you back in control.
Have you heard of HALT?.its an acronym for Hungry Angry Lonely &amp; Tired. .Anyone can successfully manage two of those things at once. Trying to manage 3 or all 4 of them and its really hard not to cave into whatever your trying to abstain from. This really helped when I was trying to manage urges and also reminded me to practice self care. ..I also tried to quit smoking. I was also 9 months alcohol free and also just quit smoking weed. Managing all 3 was unbearable and my drinking urges were stronger than ever. My therapist pointed out it was a little unrealistic abstaining from all 3 at once. I caved and smoked a bowl and a cigarette. It was a "fuck it" kind of deal. Of course I felt awful about it but had to remember to be easy on my self. One thing at a time yo. Give yourself some credit for having the balls to quit both at the same time. The desire for a more positive experience is itself a negative experience. And paradoxically the acceptance of one's negative experience is itself a positive experience - MARK MANSON
Keep going you'll become better at staying sober. It's a learning process: you'll discover your weaknesses and find ways to address them...I want to stop drinking and be in a better place financially speaking. Killing two birds with one stone: I was spending a huge amount of money on booze so to stop drinking is to start saving money too. It's keeping me focused/motivated...Be strong my friend!
Like /u/SOmuch2learn I tried to solve the problem on my own many times. And each time it just got worse and worse. Looking back I can see that I was a) arrogant enough to believe I could solve any problem without help and b) too proud to admit to anyone else that I needed help. Out of desperation and terror I went to a meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous and since that night I've found it unnecessary to drink. Saved my life and continues to. Thanks for your post; I need the reminders because my badly wired brain has a built-in forgetter.
Hey man..Have you looked at the rational recovery website?  They have a section on there 'a crash course in AVRT' it may help with your mindset around this.  ..sorry to be blunt but 'signature 2 week long binge' almost sounds like you are proud of it.  Using AVRT you can come to disidentify from the part of you that wants to go and get smashed for 2 weeks whenever you feel like it...The language 'I keep doing this to myself' supports to RR theory that there are 2 distinct parts of you one battling for sobreity the other battling for intoxication whenever however possible...By recognising your desire to binge your brains out as not you but the subcortical primitive part of your brain that has become hijacked by an addictive drug (alcohol)..good luck its in your hands
