-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pti7w/is_the_term_alcoholic_a_catch22_long_post/

Hello everyone I'd like to start by saying how grateful I am for the support of this community. You've really helped me to stop drinking - I can proudly say that I have had no alcohol in 126 days and counting. I've saved relationships money and hardship thanks to the support of this place as well as AA. I'd also like to make it clear that my intentions in joining AA and this sub were to stop drinking. This was a personal choice I made. I'd also like to point out that I never attended rehab and detoxed on my own. ..However I'm in a bit of a moral conundrum here and I know my conscience is serving me well trying to protect me. I must admit to you all that I have used other drugs during this time and therefore according to AA and my own conscience cannot claim sobriety for 126 days. I can only claim that I have not drank (which is what I intended to do). ..I am prescribed clonazepam and adderall for anxiety/ADHD and have not entirely adhered to the amounts suggested by my doctor. I have never taken enough to 'get high' and my psychiatrist has said that it's safe to take more than one of either of these medications in a given day but deep down I know I don't need them to function as a person. I know that I can survive without them and probably live happily. However they help me in my day-to-day life. I guess part one of this question is how do you draw the line between needing medication that is psychoactive and wanting it because it helps you? If I am an alcoholic am I guaranteed to slip into an addictive pattern with other drugs?..This leads me to part two of the question (or I suppose you could say 'request for advice'): where is that line drawn with other illegal/non-prescribed substances? I have used MDMA once during my period of abstention from alcohol. Please note I am not trying to glorify any drug use I am simply sharing my experience. If you do not want to read about my experience with MDMA please skip to the next paragraph... My girlfriend and I made the conscious decision to take it together and we had a wonderful night of introspection. I have not had the desire to do it again since that night - but I plan on doing it again in a controlled environment at some point down the road. It really helped me to realize my own issues and to connect deeply with my girlfriend...I was also in California recently where marijuana is legal. I used cannabis regularly in high school but somewhere down the road it caused me to have panic attacks (so I started drinking instead). I decided to use a strain that had very low THC and very high CBD levels - which essentially means that this strain did not produce any noticeable psychoactive effects. It actually just gave me a sense of relaxation and I still felt fully like myself. My conscious was unaltered. Again I have no desire to use it again but I would use it again in the future if I am in the right set and setting. ..I feel fully in control of my life and am happy save for one part - the guilt of being a member of AA and using other substances. I feel like a little Catholic kid again where every pleasurable thing I do is wrong. I was honest with my sponsor about the MDMA use as well as the prescription use. He explained to me that I should reset my day count to the day I used MDMA (understandably so). In fact I figured as much before I ever decided to use the drug. I asked him though is it possible for an alcoholic to use other substances safely? His answer was no and that as an alcoholic you waive the right to safely use other substances (according to AA). Basically if you're really an alcoholic you can't enjoy anything in moderation...This brings me to the title of the post. Is the term  alcoholic' in AA a catch-22/a safety net for AA? Is it a sort of legal disclaimer? Basically if I can use other drugs safely then I am not an alcoholic according to that logic. But here's the thing - I know for a fact I cannot safely control my drinking. I have tried and it always gets out of hand. I will black out and do something terrible. I can't have just one drink. I have a burning desire to continue to drink until I pass out. But I can have just one of my prescriptions one edible CBD or take MDMA safely and happily without ruining my life. I can take these drugs without having to take the whole bottle/dose...I like to reference the [drug harm/addiction scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drug_harmfulness) and base my decisions to use other drugs off science and personal experience. There is clearly a spectrum of harm and addictive quality in these substances. I do not want the fact that I have used other drugs to take away from the achievement of me not drinking for 126 days. I feel as though AA is causing me more harm than good by invoking guilt but as I said at the beginning I know my mind is just looking out for me. I have also heard stories in AA where someone has had a joint or done something pretty minor then basically said  well screw it since I already did this I may as well get wrecked.  However this has not been my experience. I think there is a grey area when it comes to my own sobriety or at the very least safety. The spectrum (in my own moral compass) is avoiding anything above 'tobacco' on [this scale](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drug_harmfulness#/media/File:HarmCausedByDrugsTable.svg)...I think I also feel guilty because of what I have seen in AA and have heard of others who have relapsed from other substances. I also feel guilty now because I know I don't need these substances but they have given me positive experiences unlike alcohol. I don't have withdrawals from any of these substances. I've gone up to a week without taking these medications when I am in an environment when I feel I do not need them (i.e. on vacation or not dealing with the stresses of day-to-day life). Also where does one draw the line with things like caffeine and nicotine? They are certainly psychoactive and have negative physical effects so should they be banned too? What about sugar? Gambling? Sex?..I don't mean to discredit AA - it's a wonderful program and I really enjoy sharing there. I guess I need to stay true to myself and do things I feel comfortable doing - I shouldn't base my feelings on what others say but I should also listen to my own conscience. I know going is important to keep me in check. I also realize that for some this is completely a black and white issue. I'm actually glad I feel guilty and am cautious in my drug use for once and I have my own strict lines I draw for myself. I really just need to share my experience as well as hear that of others. If you've made it this far thanks for reading. ..So has anyone else had a similar experience positive or negative and how did you overcome that guilt? Did you reconcile with yourself but continue to use other substances? Did you quit everything altogether and reset your day count? Should I forgive myself and move on and continue to be open to using any of the drugs I am morally ok with using? Do I need to quit AA as not to create a negative impact for those who have relapsed? Am I crazy? I feel like the only person who has this problem. ..TL;DR - Has anyone else used other drugs (prescription or otherwise) safely while maintaining that they are an alcoholic and cannot use alcohol safely? Where do you draw the line? Have you abstained from alcohol during that period? Does not being able to use alcohol safely mean you cannot use anything safely? If you can use other substances safely does that mean you were never an alcoholic? 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here.  Thought provoking post!  Many variables numerous interactions multifaceted confluences of chemical compounds questions of integrity definitions of what constitutes honesty implications for boundaries and more!..Reinforces my simple approach for myself: living *Unimpaired* and absent alcohol associated consequences...I personally find labels less than helpful - alcoholic?; non-alcoholic?  Don't know and can't derive value from either assignment.  
If you have the time we'd love to hear your story over at /r/CBD! Maybe there will be someone with more knowledge of CBD and its effects on alcoholism there. I wish you the best in your search. 
"Has anyone else used other drugs (prescription or otherwise) safely while maintaining that they are an alcoholic and cannot use alcohol safely?"..Yes. To the point that I've done low-dose oral meth on a regular basis for a couple years while abstaining from alcohol. I have no idea why I do the former and never increase my dose and not particularly care when it runs out. But give me a drink and I'll be a blacked-out monster in no time.
I think that we each need to define what our own boundaries are.  I've never been a big fan of rules or restrictive definitions.  Just my .02 worth.
&gt;Do I need to quit AA as not to create a negative impact for those who have relapsed?..I am not responsible for other people's sobriety. And sometimes I think I have more of an impact than I actually do.
A very thoughtful post. My personal experience is that I am an addict first. Alcohol is actually my fourth or fifth drug of choice. I thought for years that I couldn't be an alcoholic because I never drank daily and even had a counselor at the time agree that I could be addicted to some drugs and not others. I had been dabbling in NA but decided I didn't need it if I quit using all drugs except ethanol. Over the following nine months I was unpleasantly surprised that my behavior and my life continued to get worse and worse. By the time I was driving down a frozen highway trying to decide the best way to make my suicide look like an accident I had to admit whelp I guess this alcohol-only thing isn't working out as well as I'd hoped...So I have to be very careful with any drug that can be abused. That doesn't mean I wouldn't take a prescription for pain or anxiety if I really needed it which luckily I haven't so far. It does mean I would be very honest with my doctor and would also enlist the aid of others to keep me accountable.
I am free of alcohol and I am not setting out to stay substance free. Like you said I consider caffeine and tobacco to be substances and while my tobacco use has nearly been erased without alcohol -- the caffeine is a drug i consciously still use daily. ..The defining characteristic I seem to have landed on is that when we're together alcohol consumes my life. I drool for the next drink I never stop after one I look for excuses to get shitfaced all weekend and this relationship leaves no room in my life for productivity or self-love. I was either working or drinking. Bottom line. Sure I'd go a few days without or choose one weekend to drink "less" but as a substance it ruled the habits of each and every day. I guised it as a love for craft beer. I guised it as a way to socialize and catch up with friends. So versatile this temptress! Like a Stage 5 Clinger I just couldn't shake. ..There are a few other substances I enjoy appreciate and respect. LSD MDMA Ketamine Coke. I enjoy eah if these maybe once a year and *even holding a large supply of any one of them does not tempt me to finish them as quickly as possible.* I do my research choose a night and enjoy. And then the rest goes back into hiding for another year. I know where it is I know that I have a good time but it doesn't consume me. It's a one night stand that came in from Europe and we'll be casual facebook friends without any deeper intentions. ..I can't do that with alcohol. One mention and I'd spend hours facebook stalking our past and dreaming about our future. ..I realize this isn't healthy in some folks' experience and I can appreciate the perceived hypocrisy some could claim of my choices. But this is me. This is my experience. I am an alcoholic and to me that means a destructive relationship with alcohol. It doesn't need to a self-fulfilling prophecy that turns every drug every cup of coffee into a spiral of guilt shame and gateway back to the real problem. ..Just my purposeful perspective. I'm glad you're here and I hope that you can shoo away unhelpful guilt as it relates to your own experience. ..I will not drink with you today!
YES YES YES!.YOU ARE NOT CRAZY!.I literally had the same EXACT experience. .I've been "alcohol free" for 2 years but I also smoke marijuana. I would literally think about this all the time and don't get me wrong I still do but since I decided to end my experience with AA and "deprogram" I don't have to doubt the recipe for my own recovery. AA has a very black &amp; white rigid way of thinking in terms of sobriety and recovery BUT I'm all about the gray and in between thinking and leaning towards a recovery recipe that makes sense and works for me. Its not a one size fits all. ..I was in AA for about 2 months and just hit one year of no drinking before I came clean about my dirty secret. I felt that having that year of being alcohol free gave me some kind of credit that I could successfully manage my life and smoke weed. I decided to fess up during a topic meeting. I was told "You never got sober after all." "You either want to live or you want to die." "It doesn't matter if its just weed because a drug is a drug." I was definitely horrified and it took every bone in my body not to bawl my eyes out at the table..I felt it was necessary to be as honest as possible and maybe a way to possibly end this feedback loop from hell. The questions you ask yourself the self doubt and inner struggle I was battling about my marijuana usage. Constantly checking my motives. It was pretty exhausting. AA made me feel really bad about my recovery and in reality I have nothing to feel bad about. I've turned my life around Im in school finishing my degree Im living a stable life with actual goals and have abstained for alcohol for two years...I was really mad when those things were said to me. Im thankful that I am strong willed enough to know and trust that there are other ways to do it besides AA. Im also thankful that because of those hurtful and potentially harmful things that were said to me actually propelled me to find and search out other ways. The online recovery world has been my rock. There are people out there like us. ..I can only speak for myself in terms of my experience. I feel that I have been able to experiment and use other drugs (MDMA &amp; coke) occasionally while abstaining from alcohol. I've also taken adderall because I think I need it and wanted to try it. I've been wanting to see a doctor to get prescribed but still feel shameful because of the labels addict &amp; alcoholic and I feel like I'm going to be judged by my doctor somehow...I think ITS AWESOME you are embracing your conscience and checking your motives as well. Thank you for sharing seriously. Having questions about the gray areas around the tables can make you feel even more isolated even when sitting among people with similar struggles. I totally get it 100%. ..There is A TON of info out there if you just dig. ..Here are a couple thought provoking TED talks: .https://youtu.be/PY9DcIMGxMs..https://youtu.be/hBMUPgwLaO0..&amp;&amp; a really interesting article I recently found: ..http://nypost.com/2015/07/12/addiction-is-not-a-disease-and-were-treating-drug-and-alcohol-addicts-wrong/....
Terrific! It occurred to me as I was reflecting some more on this.. I could see myself taking something else and then feeling "loose" enough to think I could have a few drinks. Shit. It would be easy to assume a false control over alcohol when in a compromised state. ..Something I will definitely need to be aware of the next time I choose to partake in other substances.
Hi- I am also an AA member- have been since September.  Some people have to smoke weed all the time but just dabble in a beer once or twice a month.  Others get wrecked on cocaine but could care less about PCP.  AA people tend to be black and white usually.  No gray area.  Only you know what you can handle or not.  Don't let anyone else tell you.  
