-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pugk1/when_you_start_thinking_about_opportunities_to/

Hey so I was on here for awhile relapsed over the holidays wrote about it here and promised I'd speak up if I ever started thinking about relapse again so here I am!..I got sober again after the new year and have been clipping along with a good attitude until a thought occurred to me today. I'm planning vacation for next month. I "could drink" on that vacation. (Because... it's vacation? I don't know. But not really as we all know. I can't. I'd also have to stop taking my antabuse weeks before.)..I'm not trying to convince myself of anything that permits to me drink. I know I don't need alcohol to make my vacation enjoyable and I'd almost definitely regret it even if I only had one drink. But nevertheless the thought has crossed my mind so I'm keeping to my word and speaking up...So what has worked for you when you find yourself thinking of these scenarios? What hasn't worked?..edited for clarity..
----------immediate responses--------

I think about my next relapse **CONSTANTLY!!!** But then I play the tape forward and remember why I'm here. Yes it'd be great for a few hours. Then I'm buying drugs with money I can't afford to spend. Then I'm doing the drugs in a shitty hotel worried my neighbors are coming to kill me. Then I'm out of drugs AND money have no place to live job to go to or food to eat. And it's that thought that keeps me from that first one. I don't stay sober because of what happens after the first drink. I stay sober because I'm scared of what happens after the last one. 
When I think about relapsing I imagine what that drunk time would be like. I'd get excited and then I'd lose control and then I'd be sad. I kind of try to go through the emotions and leave it at that.
One day or day one. I think about how the morning after I relapse I'll be wishing I was where I am right now. 
Vacation is a tough deal for me. I start thinking of places I'd like to go and then I sigh to myself and think "Europe without booze?" or "Australia without booze?" I figure that's a strong sign that I'm not ready to go to those places yet. There are lots of options where I wouldn't feel like I was missing out by not drinking. So I'm looking into those. I am only 61 days in but I know that one drink will lead me back to the sad existence I was living in short order. That takes all the appeal out of having one night of drinking or "a few drinks" might have for me otherwise. 
I can't say what *hasn't* worked.   ..I built a set of support disciplines.  Mindfulness in the morning choosing today to forgo just one drink writing in my journal first thing visualizing success and what I want for the day.  Then I go "be" in the day.  ..When I start projecting about the future and rehearsing the past I'm distracted from "Now".  The marker for me is when my mind starts reviewing all the "shoulda coulda wouldas".  When i notice one of those words in my thoughts *especially* "Should" I get alert and attend to that line of thinking.  ..Thinking occurs in my head.  Cogitation can derail me.  These are internal processes.  My antidote is *External* action.  Whenever I'm consumed by swirling thoughts I pick action verbs to dissolve the internal clutter.  I engage my body in an action verb.  "Jog" around the block; "go" to a meeting; "walk" the dog; "ride" my bicycle; "call" a sober support person; "share" with my counselor or in a meeting;..... etc.
I'm actually the opposite. I've had so many holidays destroyed by alcohol that i'm actually looking forward to my next one which will be booze free. I've been lucky enough to travel a lot in my life and i don't even remember half of it. Such a waste...Here is something i read whenever i think about relapsing. It's from an app and i'm not sure if it comes from AA (it sounds like AA language to me but i wouldn't know). I've found it useful. When i recognise myself at any of the below points i either sit down and write draw or go for a really long walk. I've learned from this that when i get to the 'emotional unbalance' rung i know that i WILL relapse and i have to stop it right there. Knowing your tipping point and stopping yourself before you get there is really important:..Relapse is at the top of a nine step ladder of thoughts feelings and behaviors. The lowest rung is called happy memories . "Happy memories" means that you are thinking about the good times you had while you were using. The next rung up is called "I wasn't that bad ." This occurs when you tell yourself you weren't really that bad that your addiction was someone else's fault that your problem was caused by anything except your disease. The next rung higher is stopping treatment. This means that you cease going to meetings you stop practicing the steps you don't have time to see your therapist you stop talking to your sponsor you don't do your daily meditation. When you stop treatment you pretend that you can stay sober by doing nothing. The fourth rung is called high risk situations . Examples are you return to the bar that you used to frequent you begin hanging out with your old using friends you spend long periods of time isolating in the basement where you used to drink vodka. You put yourself in these situations not thinking that you will use there but just to experience the feeling of being there again. The fifth rung is called emotional imbalance. During emotional imbalance something causes you to get really angry irritated or otherwise emotional and you remember how your drug drink or behavior took away the pain of the emotion. You may even get really happy and you remember how you always drank to celebrate. Now you are really getting higher on the ladder and like any ladder the higher you go the more dangerous the climb. Also the higher you go the more committed you are to reaching the top. The sixth rung is fantasizing. Now you are spending increasing periods of your day thinking about using for no apparent reason. Fantasizing leads to the seventh rung getting ready to use . This means you intend to use and you plan how you are going to relapse. You tell yourself that tonight when my husband is asleep I am going to sneak out to the Bar. You make arrangements to buy drugs. You return to the internet porn site. You get dressed to go to the casino. You think through the exact steps of where you are going to go to get your drugs drink or act out. On the next rung you actually get the drugs or order the drink. You acquire the tools of relapse. On this rung you may feel a terrible panic and unless you reach out to someone (which is now incredibly difficult to do because you are so committed to reaching the top) you step up to the final and ninth rung which is Relapse . As you know the Relapse rung has a crack in it and cannot bear your weight. So you come crashing down. Sometimes the crash happens immediately. Sometimes the crack worsens over time. But since there is a crack you will fall. If you survive the fall you will feel guilt at having relapsed. You will resolve to stop using. And unless you get treatment you will start the terrible climb back up the relapse ladder beginning with the first rung which is.....
I like the idea of playing the tape forward. I've also learned that merely addressing the thought realizing it and discussing it with myself helps. Like I will actually give myself an interview. When no one is around sometimes I even speak out loud. Because I'm a little crazy..."How will you feel after the glass of wine you want so badly right now?".."Great!".."Do you think you'll order another?".."Probably. But maybe just one more?".."If you really think that's possible and you won't continue doing the same thing day after day until you're finishing a bottle again go for it."..Different variations of this. It seems to work so far. But I haven't gone on vacation yet...BUT! I've planned our next three vacations around long distance races. I signed up to run half marathons in three different places and I have an easier time NOT drinking when I have a race. It works somehow. And everyone is happy because I pick cool places to run. :]
I think about how much the activity I could relapse during would be so much more enjoyable for me and the people I share it with if I were sober .
