-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5put1t/staying_away_from_sad_music/

Sorry for the stupid title. What I find most difficult so far week one is staying away from all that has previously triggered me into binging. ..I LOVE listening to music I never leave my house without my headphones I listen while at work I listen at home. It makes me feel less lonely and keeps me with something new to focus on every week following new releases and discovering new bands/artists. What I have a problem with at the moment is that I let music dictate my mood. You listen to a sad song you get sad. You listen to an angry song you get fired up. There's no way for me to sidestep this. I feel stupid for allowing it but I'm a very emotional person.  ..I don't want to cut out a substantial part of my favorite music for making me sad and depressed but at the same time I know that feeling like that easily puts me in a self-destructive state of mind of which binge drinking is one of the consequences.  ..I just wanted to see if someone else struggles with this I guess and if you have any tips or anything.  
----------immediate responses--------

That's great that you recognize a trigger and take steps to avoid it! ..It's funny sad music has the opposite effect on me. Yesterday I was kind of down and listening to a downbeat album made me feel better. Like other people feel the same way that I do and find a way to express that musically. ..What kind of music do you find uplifting when you feel sad? 
Hi are you me? Never ever without my headphones in and my favorite songs are the sad ones or songs that make you think (I'm a 70s prog rock fan lol that's almost all I listen to). Used to love to get drunk and really feel the mood of the music. I had a good talk with my best friend last week after getting into drinking related no show trouble at work. She told me that when I get into a sad mood I tend to wallow and stay there. She was absolutely right! Something clicked and when something would happen that made me sad I really tried to just think about something happy or just not worry about whatever triggered the sadness. With 18 days in I'm a much less depressed person and this post made me realize that I've been listening to some really happy stuff lately. I'm just so happy to be alive and to be actively participating in life again. You are SOBER you can handle anything that comes your way! You're alive!!! You can love again and feel your emotions again in the healthiest way. I wallow so much less and instead feel love and joy when I'm eating something yummy  or just texting my mom. These are the feelings you want the natural ones that have been buried in your brain from the alcohol. If you haven't felt them they will come! BTW  my happy jams are all grateful dead songs and you can't go wrong with them ;) 
Smart move - and give it some time. I listen to sad music all the time now and it's way more guilt-free and satisfying. You can do it!
I couldn't handle sad anything for the first month I only listened to upbeat music and binged all my favorite comedies on hulu and netflix.
LOL - I've stayed away from almost all musics with lyrics.  Starting to appreciate jazz...  : )
I'm the same way 100%. Like if I even hear a song that's in a minor key I want to turn it off or it brings me right down...Music is a great coping tool. I just try to avoid the sad songs when I'm down (unless I want commiseration to make me feel better). Instead of angry I go for "up" tracks. 
