-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pvkvn/290_days_sober/

290 days sober! Made it through the festive season...somehow! Now I'm really struggling to fight the thoughts in my head telling me that a year off is enough and celebrate with a night back on the booze...but also knowing that if I drink I'm likely to kill myself. Anyone else have similar brain issues once you've had a dry spell?
----------immediate responses--------

That's fantastic! Keep up the good work!!
Most definately. It's when you start feeling really good is when you have to be careful. That was always my problem with quitting before is I would feel proud of myself to an extent to where my mind would justify drinking as a means to celebrate or I would rationalize that I've got it all under control. And just like that I'd piss away all my time sober and progress I've made. The reality was every time I'd go back out I'd end up in the same exact spot as before only it was harder to get out due to guilt and shame. Don't let your mind entertain those thoughts that's all they are is thoughts. They will pass. What's worked for me in those moments is reminding myself of why I quit in the first place and kind of going back to the beginning to make myself aware of the reasons that lead me to stop and reflect on all the positives that have come with quitting. Stay strong!! You can do it. 
I certainly had odd thoughts coming up on one year - like *"well you've made it a year; what's the point after that since you know you can do it?"*  But they were just idle thoughts and I'd done enough thinking about sobriety by that point to know where my real values were.  
Yes. When I quit porn and reached a year my brain went "Go ahead man! Time to celebrate! Take a load off get a few vids in and let loose!"..No way Jose we have come to far to fuck up. Ignore that old voice and listen to your heart instead.
Yep. Old habits die hard and the "A.V." is a resourceful old devil. But if you ignore them - and develop ways to help yourself ignore them - they crawl back in their hole for awhile. 
&gt;i had those exact same thoughts 310 days in so that is REALLY close to 290. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if the human brain shared similar feelings at similar points in coming off of alcohol. Not sure what I can say to keep you from drinking but let me tell you this. not drinking at 310 days was probably one of the most important decisions I have made in my ENTIRE life. Because I gave myself an OPEN choice to drink or not on that day and I decided I wanted to not drink that set in motion a future that was much better than if I had decided to walk into that Airport microbrewery and have a beer...I have NEVER regretted not drinking. Not once. Would I have regretted drinking? Yes a thousand times or more I would have regretted drinking.
Thanks to everyone for your support! Got way more love than I expected. I can do it!!!
