-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5pxaux/today_is_day_one_reset_badge/

After having 21 days sober back in May I relapsed and have not been able to get back on track.  I can see my world crumbling around me and I feel completely lost in the mess. I struggle at work I feel like crap most of the time and my faith in God is faltering.  I feel down about my life as this isn't how I imagined it would be.  I am punishing myself for the relapse the time wasted being drunk and then subsequently hung-over.  I am regretful of my decisions.  I know I am better than that.  I know I can do better than that.  I think I just need a little encouragement to know that things will and do get better.  I know this for myself having been sober for those 21 days.  I just think I need someone to understand and shine a little light my way.  Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you've already proven yourself more than capable of doing better for yourself and now it's time to do it. The regret and guilt can motivate you and help you center on your true priorities but stop the self-loathing and get to pursuing your genuine goals and interests. Day 1 here you come : )
May I suggest the book The 30 Day Sobriety Solution? You sound like I did 30 some odd days ago. I have nothing to do with this book but I downloaded after a member here suggested it and I haven't looked back. It's positive and helpful and I honestly think it might help you too. ..Much love to you. Don't beat yourself too much. Shame will just bring you down. Stand up. Brush off. I won't drink with you today. Take care of you. SD is here.
I don't think of it in terms of 21 days 210 days years etc. I try to stay sober one day at a time. It has worked for me. I will keep you in my thoughts today and hope day 1 for you is the start of many days of peace and sobriety. 
"You have no obligation to be the same person you were 5 minutes ago."..Look into meetings look into therapy reach out for support (as you are right now) and don't beat yourself up. I found my greatest vice has always been beating myself up and always thinking "woe is me" (Even when I thought I wasn't.)..Look at the book on the side bar This Naked Mind and I really like Jampolosky's little book "Love is Letting Go of Fear" in helping reassert more positive behavior and thinking and helping shape your life the way you would like it to be...You've got this. You aren't broken. You are capable of incredible and everlasting change if you want it. 
&gt; I am punishing myself for the relapse the time wasted being drunk and then subsequently hung-over...I see someone who is strong enough to refuse to give up.  21 days is a lot to be proud of.  Did you learn anything making it that far that you can use this time?
So you know you can do it. Ask yourself what happened after 21 days? I would ask myself OK what happened how did I fuck up? What can I do differently next time around? I try to envision how I would like to have things turn out it helps alright. So lesson learned and getting back on that wagon. ;-)..And if you're really Dutch je kunt het het gaat erom   n keer meer op te staan dan te vallen gaan met die banaan.
You people are so wonderful.  Thank you for the inspiration; you made me weep.  I can't tell you how much I needed that today. I will keep moving forward and try my best to make myself and you great people proud.
If I could hold your hand right now I'd squeeze it and tell you that you know you can do this it just takes a little more fight than you have been giving it. Just give it another try. Don't be so afraid.
At 21 days now. I thank God every day for giving me the strength to move forward with this. I won't drink with you today.
