-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q2bk3/day_58_the_only_way_to_win_the_war_is_to_stop/

Yesterday I presented a seminar on my specialist field.  A great new business opportunity for my business and a good way to show that I am an active part of my industry.  It was kind of a big deal for me...Despite working in communications I am not a fan of public speaking.  I prefer to write speeches and presentations for others than deliver them myself.  But I prepared it showed up and did it. For four hours.  And I was exhausted afterwards.  But it went okay...The main thing though the really big thing that I noticed was how calm I was about it before I did it.  Usually I am freaking out just a huge ball of nerves expecting the worst and over-thinking every possible thing that could go wrong...But this time this time was different.  I was calm relaxed and okay with the unknown.  I knew people might drop out at the last minute I knew there was a risk that I would be telling people stuff they already knew or that they'd not be engaged with the subject matter.  And I was okay with that...And that is really huge for me.  ..And today I have a biopsy.  I have no idea what the outcome will be I can't know what the outcome will be but I am okay with that too.  There's literally nothing I can do so there's no point worrying about the worst possible outcome.  I will just have to ask questions and deal with what comes...I can't stress enough how unusual this is for me.  How much easier things are now.  It's like if been making things so much harder for myself for so many years and suddenly I have realised that none of the struggle stress anxiety and pressure makes the slightest difference other than taking up time I could spend on getting things done enjoying the moment and focusing on the things I have control over...Is it the meditation the medication the counselling the sobriety posting here every day  the gratitude journal?  Yes probably yes to all those things.   ..The best thing is that I feel like I need to thank someone for this - and the only person I have to thank is me.  I did this I made the decision to change myself to stop drinking stop fighting against myself and just do things that are good for me.  ..And making those changes after 45 years is not easy.  But I am doing it.  I might fall over tomorrow I might not get it right all the time and I might fall back into stressing when confronted with the unknown but for now I am doing well and every day I am learning more about how I want to approach life...It's really good.  I am happy...And I will not drink with you good people today.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow good for you. I'm changing for the better as well. Hope the biopsy goes as good as the seminar. Thanks for sharing. My thought will be with you. And your funny name. I will not drink with you today.
Morning cookie. ..Thinking of you today and wish you all the best at your appointment- really hoping all goes well for you...Well done on changing your life around. I was always waiting on someone else to do it for me until I realised one day not gonna happen- I needed to make the effort...You are doing great so happy for you    .
If you choose to fight the liquor you will always lose it can not be beat. I will not fight the liquor today as I can never win  
I'm so happy it went well yesterday. Yay Cookie! I do presentations all the time in my job. And I do not like public speaking. Imagine that! But I believe in what I am presenting so my passion overcomes my nerves most of the time. What I noticed was the same as you. I'm not very nervous anymore. It's GREAT! What I notice even more (sorry if it's TMI) is less sweating! I'd get nervous then I would sweat. Then I'd speak and feel like I couldn't lift my arms. Which would make me more nervous. And make me sweat more. ..That doesn't happen anymore!! Yay for no pit sweat!..I hope your biopsy goes well. What are they checking? Try not to worry over the next couple of days. My motto is no news is good news and you CAN handle any result. Whatever it may be!..I will not drink today. I will drive two hours to a meeting though. I love driving alone! Bring on the singing!!  
This makes me soooo happy!!  I'm so glad you're in a good space inside your head right now. I know sometimes that's the hardest place to be comfortable. ((Hugs)) 
You're an inspiration!..Sending Positive Energy for your procedure!
Hi Cookie.  Hope all turns out ok.  Crossing fingers and toes for you whilst drinking tea!!
god the thought of presenting for four hours gives me anxiety and I do a fair amount of speaking in front of people.  ..I admire your togetherness at 58 days.  At 58 days I didn't even realize I was on planet earth lol.  I'm sure if you keep on keeping on you will be able to move through whatever challenges life presents.  
There's no peace on a battlefield. Paradoxically we surrender completely to achieve victory.  
I'm sending you good karma for your appointment today. I'm so glad you are finding peace within yourself.
This was really inspiring... I'm so glad you shared this! Congratulations! And really thank you this was a great reminder for why I am not drinking tonight.
