-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q3x6q/feeling_a_relapse_coming_on/

I've been sober about 1 month and I feel a relapse coming on. It's not that I crave alcohol it's just that almost all of my socializing involved alcohol and without alcohol I feel introverted and selfish. So this period of personal growth is so much more difficult than getting wasted with my old drinking buddies. ..Not looking for comments just needed to get this off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed a therapist to address issues and have someone to talk with. AA also provided opportunities for personal growth and gave me support and guidance 
Okay this is going to sound super corny. But I also felt selfish in my first couple of months of sobriety. Anyway I was reading a book called Perfect Practice: How Everyone Can Use Buddhist and Recovery Tools. The first exercise is to write how you feel about your generous self. And I remembered that I do have a generous side. Then it asked me to write about how I could practice that every day. So I decided to remember birthdays. I don't have extra money right now but I could tell people Happy Birthday to let them know somebody cares. I could reach out and socialize through email with people I really cared about. And really I thought I could do this whenever. Get in touch with an old friend or distant relative and catch up. It helped me feel less alone and selfish.
&gt; So this period of personal growth is so much more difficult than getting wasted with my old drinking buddies...For me too.  But it was so much more worth it in the end for me.  Great observation and I won't drink with you today!
I am very introverted as well; I used alcohol to be more social. I still tend to withdraw if I'm at a social gathering and not drinking so I need to train myself on how to do it sober.
This happens. It's not inevitable that you're going to follow through with it. However if it were me I'd address the issue immediately. Meditating helps me find the root cause sometimes. Sometimes I just need to figure out a plan to get through that period of time whether it be a day or a week or a month even if I don't find the cause. ..I find this attitude helps too. It's not likely I'm going to drink it's just a glitch that I need to address and move on from. The cravings themselves are inconsequential to me. 
I know from experience that if you want sobriety bad enough you are going to have to change your circle of friends. And if they are your true friends they will support you and not try to push drinking on you. You just need the will to say I DONT DRINK ANYMORE! Iis WILL POWER MY FRIEND. GOOD LUCK!
Thanks so much for the support.  I will not drink with you today. 
BE SELFISH! You have to take care of you if you intend to be around for anyone else. 
Sorry to hear that it's powerful that you are so self aware.  ..I hope your social circle eventually changes and you find peace :)
I try and do alternative things. Today is Australia Day.. Our national day which is traditionally a boozy affair. ..I played tennis this morning had a big break fast and am off to a BBQ this afternoon with a 6 pack of mineral water. ..I'm Trying to play more sport and do no alcoholic social things.. breakfast &amp; brunch often works very well try yum cha. ..I know you said not looking for comments but yeah I find it does get easier. The social aspect was hardest part of the totaling for me but with time it gets easier as you adjust to the life style change. You may loose some friends - but they weren't real friends anyway your real friends will be happy to find alternative past times to indulge in with you. ..In so far as being 'selfish' I find I'm much less selfish as a non drinker - I remember my family members birthdays I call my grand mothers ( still not regularly enough but more than I did as a booze hound) and most importantly I don't ruin friends and family's special occasions with by drunken buffoonery. .
