-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q4cv7/managing_mental_illness_at_1000_days_sober/

So weird to see my sobriety date hit four digits. I remember when 100 days seemed like a huge deal and that doesn't feel all that long ago...Unfortunately I am not one of those lucky few for whom sobriety or working "a program of recovery" magically made my decades of mental illness disappear. You do hear stories even by some well-known posters on this board of people getting sober and being able to permanently shed medication and all the other trappings of the crazy life. Not me...Not that I should have expected as much although my inability to *just get better* or "let go and let God" festered resentment early on. Numbers-wise: I had my first major depressive episode shortly after puberty was cutting myself by 12 a suicide attempt at 13 that left me in the ICU for a week and weighed 72 lbs at 15 years old. I had over a dozen psychiatric hospitalizations under my belt before I ever touched a drop of alcohol. ..Adding alcohol was like throwing gasoline onto a bonfire of course. It made me significantly more impulsive which given my predilection for self-destructive behavior grew my crazy levels to epic proportions. I am lucky to have escaped the early days - where I was drinking cutting and starving myself - with both my health and my marriage relatively intact...Today? I still have bad days. My bad days are certainly just as worse now as when I was drinking -- sometimes I think worse in a way because I can't drink to forget or to numb myself but also better because the strings of bad days don't seem quite as long. But I do have strings of bad days. I have weeks where I plod along absolutely convinced that everyone in my life would be better off if I was dead. I have a restless anxiety that keeps me awake many nights. I am in a tug-of-war with full-blown relapse of the eating disorder that almost killed me at one point...The utter desolation however isn't as intense as it was when I was drinking. I am able to function most days - no sleeping for 20+ hours a day partially because I am depressed but partially because I am hungover. I can for certain say that sobriety has absolutely stopped my impulsive self-destructive behaviors which were a fast-track to an early death for me. (I am still not certain how I survived injecting an entire insulin pen but I did.) ..I have a renewed faith in the power of pharmaceuticals to ease my depression and even out my labile moods. I am back on medication - I'd stopped for a while in a failed attempt to get pregnant - and because I am not drinking my body is giving that medication its full ability to work. ..So I am not great but I am mostly okay. Even on days where I am really not okay I know there is help available to me. And that's okay because if I can accept that my alcoholism is a condition that will require life-long diligence so is this particular form of crazy that has plagued me for 2/3s of my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey thank you so much for sharing this.  I'm 17 days sober and the reality of my depression and anxiety is beating me over the head on a minute to minute basis.  I started back on an antidepressant but I haven't been on it long enough for the effects to kick in.  Seeing my doctor tomorrow to discuss where to go from here.  ..I feel like I am the worst person on the planet at times and I begin hating myself.  I think we can do this though.  Hearing that you've made it to 1000 days has me so encouraged.
Congratulations on the kilosober!  You're certainly strong for making it through as well as you have.  I like the line..&gt; So I am not great but I am mostly okay...Because even when I can say this for myself I know I'm a whole lot better than I was.  Congratulations and I won't drink with you today.
An entire insulin pen!? Fucking hell. Congrats on the days. And the progress mostly okay is a far cry from suicidal so I'm glad you've made it this far. I've had similar issues to you albeit very mild in comparison. I can't imagine the level you've suffered happy you made it through the worst (hopefully!) 
Your doing good.  The old you would be proud and wonder what amazing things your up to now.  Almost like your on another planet.  Everyday is an opportunity to find joy in small things or even just close.Your eyes and sit in silence and think of random people in your life ... wish them happiness and joy.  Do this for as long as you would like ... do it throughout the day...I'm not original I stole this from tony Robbins the motivational guy.  Really thought tony Robbins was a joke and I started to read how he stared his day and how he would appreciate things like a cloud in the sky and how he would wish happiness upon someone.  Like right now I'm wishing you happiness and joy.  I genuinely mean it ... and have no expectation of you wishing it back.  Simply I'm hoping for your joy and happiness right now 
Life really can be a struggle.  I guess the good news is that all of us here have recognized that drinking only makes it that much hard...Thank you so much for sharing your story.  It really inspires me.
i'm glad you are mostly ok. let the meds help you. there is absolutely no shame in that. best of luck to you. you are most certainly doing everything you can to ensure your success. 
Reading how tough you have had things makes my issue with alcohol seem so small. ..A thousand days: WHAT AND ACHIEVEMENT...I wish the best for you as I join you in not drinking today.
I hear ya. After being sober for about 100 days I realized my anti-depression meds didn't seem to be working like they used to. The This Naked Mind has interesting info re: the brain and alcohol. I've been working with my psychiatrist to adjust the meds. I got kinda scared thinking of how all the alcohol I drank might have messed me up even more if I hadn't stopped. Let's do this together. I won't drink with you today and will take my meds.
Thank you for sharing this the first half of your story is a exact mirror of my life also and I understand exactly the demons you are fighting on a daily basis...You have done amazingly achieving 1000 days is unreal- you should be so proud.
Congrats on 1000! Good think you aren't drinking now! Might not fix things but it sure doesn't add to the problems! And that is something in itself.
There is a quiet courage that shines through your post.  It's impressive.  Thank you for sharing.
Thank you so much for posting this.  Lately I have noticed so many people posting here about how productive they are.  Meanwhile I am still spending day after day plodding through things or laying in bed in tears.  ..This is such a necessary reminder that sobriety doesn't fix things - it just gives us the 'breathing room' to deal with other problems without alcohol's compounding effect.  Thank you so much for posting. &lt;3
Great post. However I for some reason have an instinct not to trust meds or pharma companies (I think they're over prescribed)..Could anyone alleviate my scepticism?..I used citalopram for over 6 weeks even at 40mg and had no effect.  I'm having really low days but I've kept up with sport reading and keeping myself busy but I end up getting too busy and overwhelmed depressed and I want a drink more than ever tonight. ..
Wow thank you for sharing this. I honor your strength and your laid-bare honesty. As much as I think us drunks like to share our stories there is a part of us (at least with me anyway) that selfishly wants to romanticize it a little bit and have others pat us on the back for no longer being "that guy." Then you read something like this. Something with so much honestly something so real and touching written by somebody with so much self-awareness. To borrow from the phrase about being able to see farther standing on the shoulders of giants.....I am incredibly thankful for your post because I'm able to look deeper into myself. I'm also dealing with some fall-out of depression after decades of abusing a depressant so your post was especially relevant. Thank you again and I am in awe of your "comma" well done my friend. 
&gt; I am not great..I know what you mean but I'd counter that with "but you ARE great." You've been a great help to me a great source of advice and some good laughs. Thanks for that and congrats on the kilosober. It's incredible isn't it?
Thank you for sharing this!
Thank you for sharing this!
Many Blessings you you my dear.
The Tonne of Sobriety.  ..:-)
Reading this made me tear up a bit because I know that the journey I have ahead of me trying to get sober again isn't going to cure me of bipolar or my self-harm problem. Those are separate issues I will have to work through just as you say. And honestly it feels crushing sometimes. So I can't tell you how INCREDIBLY INSPIRING to hear that someone else has not only struggled with the same things but made it through to sobriety despite these extra hardships. I'm working on facing up to the fact that the alcohol is definitely affecting my mood-stabilizing medication and that getting sober would probably mean less melt-downs and depressive periods because the meds would actually be working. Just you saying that the medication is starting to work to it's full extent now is so calming to hear I have something extra to fight for now. You made it a thousand days! If you can then I know I can too &lt;3
Thanks for your post.  I too was hoping sobriety would cure my mental illness and I was very disappointed when it reared its ugly head shortly after I quit.  I succombed to alcohol once again because of it. I am now starting to get sober again throug AA and this sub. I am not going to lie I am scared that my mental illness will take me down but I can't let it.  I have to do this. Thanks again. 
Thanks for sharing. I found this a really good read. You're obviously an intelligent person and apparently more literate than 90% of the Internet. ..This really touched a part of my soul. I've struggled with anxiety and depression for a long time now. I've been pink clouding for a while now but I know something will trigger me again one day...It's nice to know I'm not alone...Thank you. 
