-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q6cei/100_days_and_im_feeling_fine_d/

So it's been 100 days!  I just wanted to share a quick post hopefully as encouragement for anyone just starting out or struggling through the early weeks and months...The first and best thing I can say is that cravings have almost entirely subsided.  I know that tends to be the biggest worry early on "when am I going to stop obsessing about booze?".  My first few weeks were hard.  Drinking was on my mind a lot.  That's almost completely gone now.  I do for the most part avoid situations where there will be a lot of heavy drinking going on but even in the presence of friends drinking casually I don't find myself nearly as tempted as I used to.  I just don't drink.  I physically can not drink so it's not even an option for me.  Now that that's in my head it's gotten a lot easier...As for impact on my life it's been huge.  The first few weeks were a struggle and I just focused on staying sober and that was it.  Once those were out of the way though I started hitting the gym hard.  I've lost about 12 lbs so far which wouldn't sound like much but I've probably gained about 10 in muscle mass.  So I'm much leaner my face looks lean and all around I just feel a whole lot better about how my body looks...* My skin has cleared up - not that it was "bad" but it just looked tired and sad before.  Now it looks vibrant and alive :)..* I've connected with my Dad who I've had a serious lack of connection with for the past several years.  So that's been great...* I've filled my free time with interesting hobbies.  One of which is starting to look like a potential lucrative business now.  I've learned more in the past 3 months than I would've in 3 years drinking the way I was...* Work noticed an improvement and I received a raise and bonus...* My home is mostly clean and organized - for the first time in ages...* I have a beautiful new girlfriend (you're not really supposed to start dating in early sobriety... but if the right thing comes along what're you gonna do ;) )...Some things that haven't happened:..* I haven't thrown up once..* I haven't not remembered any periods of time that I wasn't sleeping..* I haven't passed out anywhere..* I haven't done anything I've hugely regretted..* I haven't called in sick to work..* I haven't missed any events or appointments due to being hung over or drunk.  .* I haven't woken up with crippling anxiety.  .* I haven't spent an entire day or weekend in bed.  .* I haven't contemplated suicide.  ..So it's been great.  I'd strongly encourage anyone who's on the fence about quitting or struggling early on to stick it out.  It does get better.  It does get easier...I've been here before.  About 17 months ago I relapsed after 110 days.  Things were going amazing that time as well.  An unfortunate bottle of wine gift left for me in the fridge of my new place by the previous owners is what got me.  I remember looking at it and wondering what path my life would take if I drank it vs. what path it might take if I didn't.  I stood in my kitchen shaking thinking about drinking that bottle.  And in a moment of weakness I opened it and poured a glass.  It was one of the worst decisions of my life.  That drink led me down a path to some very very dark and scary places.  It almost cost me my life on a few occasions.  ..All we can do is learn from our mistakes and move on.  So here I sit a year and a half later and finally back to 100 days.  This time I'm prepared for that surprise opportunity to relapse.  This time it's not an option.  That time I was a dry drunk still thinking about drinking on the daily.  This time I'm not.  This time I'm happily sober and that vile poison is not going to get me again...Thanks for listening!  Sorry it got kinda long.....All the best to all you other sobernauts!  Won't drink with you fine folks today!
----------immediate responses--------

Brilliant post well done 
Awesome job! I love hearing these sorts of stories when I'm only a few weeks in. Thanks for sharing.
What a great story - definitely inspired me. Thanks for taking the time to write it up!
Love that story.  Very encouraging.  I hope to be there in a few months :)
Rockin' it.  I like your list.  :) ..Congrats on triple digits!
Good for you dude!!! Super happy for you
So fantastic thank you for sharing. If I may ask was the period of your relapse from that bottle of wine for 1 1/2 years I think so but I can't tell from the post. Reason I ask is that I'm convinced that I'm one glass of fine wine away from a three year bender - not that I'm planning on it but I am exploring things that would trigger a relapse so I can identify them and prepare for them when the will arise. Again thanks for sharing this and awesome job on your triple digits. 
Sober twin! Congrats on 100 days!
You sir will keep me sober till at least 100 days great story!!
Great story--thanks for sharing it with us! In the past I also got quite a bit further than my current 38 days and I can relate to the dark places. I went to a few of those between my last relapse and 38 days ago. ..Congratulations on 100 days!! I won't drink with you today.
Congrats on your 100 days!
Congrats on your 100 days!
Great post thanks for sharing!! I really can use the inspiration!!
Wow. Thanks man. That was really inspiring. I'm psyched for you and I hope that I'll be writing a similar post when my 100 days is here...Great job.
Thank you. The distinction between being a dry drunk and not wanting a drink is an important one. 
Thank you for sharing! I love stories like these. 
Right there with you : ) Let's meet up again at 200.
Congratulations!!! 100 day well done you!!. ..I remember all through my first year I would count months months were my thing. And I kinda couldn't visualise it being '6 months' or '9 months' etc and then after the first year I stopped counting without realising. It's such a weird feel when sobriety stops being the forefront of your mind... But extremely liberating when you remember. ..Well done :) 
