-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5q9pvr/struggling_with_addiction_and_looking_for_support/

So long story short I'm an alcoholic I've known for a few years in all honesty since my late twenties and although not in denial of my problem I can't seem to keep dry for any length of time. It feels like I've lost control of my life and reading through other posts on this sub has made me realise that the feelings I have are systematic to the illness. I really want to stop but don't know how. Any help is much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Stopping is one day at a time. Making a decision to change was imperative for me to start the journey. Seeing clearly that my life was out of control. I was harming my health relationships job my SPIRIT! I read the book offered here for free "the Naked mind". See the sidebar. I go to AA for support to stop my death from alcohol. My death was slowly... so painful! I'm living today. Alcohol free. Feelings come and go. Nothing stays the same. Meditation was/is so helpful. You can do this. You have over 58000 people here dealing with the same issues as yourself. Your not alone. You can be happy. I will do this with you. I won't drink with you today. 
I found that focusing on all the positives that I could think of as well as knowing there'd be some I hadn't thought of yet helped me a lot. Regularly visiting this sub is so inspiring too. It's early days for me. Day 10 and I feel fantastic. A few bad nights at first with a lack of sleep and detox sweats but now I'm sleeping well and feel great. Good luck friend and I won't drink with you today.
You mention that you're looking for some grand epiphany that will make stopping easier but I don't think that there is one. ..The people who have truly hit bottom don't seem to have enjoyed any sudden moment of awakening about it they just knew that they were in the last chance saloon and were willing to try _anything_ to get sober. There isn't some secret that they knew and you don't...If you want to stop then all you have to do is choose not to drink _today_. If you want to make that choice then we will all not drink with you. Good luck!
If you think you can't you won't! .If  you think "I can"  you will!.
The book This Naked Mind (it's free in the sidebar!) was super helpful to me especially when I first quit. 
It took me many many years to admit to my problem.  It took a lot of work for me to make it to my current 310 days...Good luck.
Thanks everyone for your support I didn't quite make it through the day without a drink but tried. I had 2 pints instead of the usual 10-15 so an improvement. I just need to believe I CAN stop and I will. I'm just not sure if I'm ready - but will I ever be? 
