-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qa7q8/i_want_to_say_something_about_struggle/

This is my third relapse in about a year. It's been one of the most drunk years of my life and one the most sober. I've had three service industry jobs and probably lost my third one in a year this week. We all know how hard those jobs play on your pyshcy but that's not an excuse ultimately I have to put the drink in my hand and to my lips. And now I'm going through my third withdrawl period I'm about 12 hours in. I got through almost four days last week cold turkey then that voice that fires in your head comes and says your fine you can drink. I spent the better part Sept October and half of November sober after drinking to the point of pure exchaustion morning noon and night. I checked myseld into a hospital. Detoxing in a hospital is not fun getting visited by a chaplan in intensive care will f with your head. Lol..It sucks many of you have gone through it. But you know what sucks more and if you are going through withdrawl for the first time. Going back to drinking. I promise you when you can't even get out of bed and you start to live in a state of deep depression and anxiety and your not even taking care of your house your self your life. It's like having concrete feet. The weight of the world seems unbearable... ..I am very lucky to have a safe place to go my folks house that's in the country. Away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I haven't slept which is normal for you first timers. If your young and able bodied which your on reddit so you probably are. Your probably not going to get the DT's and die. Withdrawl is not as bad as a lot of rehab clinics want you to think. But if you want to see a doctor please do.especially of you have insurance. I don't my first hospital bill was graciously paid for by a charity or chartible person that I do not know. But I thank them greatly...While I was drinking this last week I made sure to stay hydrated and took vitamins. So if you are starting a detox please get some Gatorade get some vitamins get some. You ain't gonna sleep for a few days that's just the nature of alcohol abuse.  I just wanted to share my story because that's the other thing that happens. You start tearing yourself down and I've been trying to learn about negative self talk and how that can destroy you...So what you relapsed so did I. Multiple times the holidays are always tough. I have more stories to share and I think it's extremely important to share them. I'm gonna hit AA meetings running. I'm not the biggest fan but they are free and helpful...We are not in this alone. I have stories to share about living in New Orleans and advice... If you even think you have a problem with alcohol stay the fuck out of that city!..Peace my friends long time lurker but I realize I need to be positive and talk with my alcoholic friends!
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like you have a good plan! Withdrawal sucks. You should feel proud you're picking yourself back up which isn't easy in the least to do! I wish you all the best!!! :) 
Thank you for posting this it was encouraging and honest.
Those are good ideas! Just to add:..Make sure it's diet gatorade or powerade - you don't want all that added sugar...I also supplemented with drinks like Ensure they have a lot more nutrients in them than gatorade. Also: potassium and magnesium specifically - these were very low in me when I was in the hospital.
Hey thanks so much for sharing this. I can resonate with the intense feelings both physically and emotionally particularly when you're lying in bed feeling like you're tied to concrete. I had the very unfortunate situation of catching the flu in the hospital - right smack in the middle of my detox. Jesus H. So I was moved into an isolation room with masks gowns the whole nine yards and when the chaplain came to see me but didn't know if he should enter the room like that I pulled myself to my feet and pleaded with him to come in. I really felt like I was dying! Anyway he gowned up masked up and visited with me :). Poor guy looked terrified though...So when I saw your comment about the visit from the chaplain I immediately thought back to this and remembered how that whole experience f'd with my head. I know I'm not alone neither are you - we're in this together! Sending a warm hug your way :).
