-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qbrz1/i_see_a_lot_of_warriors_in_here/

A lot of badass bottle kickers.  You all impress me with your stories and your courage in your struggles and battles.  I am honoured to not drink with you today.  
----------immediate responses--------

And I am inspired by your 978 days! DAMN! I won't drink today either. 
Let's win the battle today! Proud to be not drinking with you!
At 978 days you're my goddamn hero :) Honestly i aspire to be like you thank you for leading the way for all us scared newbies haha
Glad you're here with us!
Glad to not drink with you today!
Badass bottle kickers I like it!  Rawr!!
Yes lots of warriors here love it :) 
right behind you
Not drinking with you today!
Thanks.  Always good to see fellow warriors and get a little confidence boost.  We a tribe yo.
I will not drink with you today!
I have a quote in my house that always reminds me " Recovery from anything is in my opinion the most badass thing a person can do." When I'm feeling weak or tempted I just remember how badass I actually am 
I want to add 'Bad Ass Bottle Kicker' to my resum  now. Not sure if prospective employers would be impressed or scared off by that haha. Gladly not drinking with you today!
Kicking it to the curb!
"Bottle Kicker" -- I want that on a t-shirt.
Love it
Thanks! Just what I needed atm. I'm 6 months in and your post is a great reminder that it's an achievement &amp; worth some celebration and recognition at times. Rock On!
Or as I read here previously The Rebel Alliance :)
Ha! Awesome much ass kicking going on in this thread. I will not drink today with you all!
That felt good to read and I am proud to be here with you all.  You are all bad asses!
Hell yeah
Battling the bottle is harder than flying an airplane- take it from this warrior
at over 7000 days (about 20 years) of sobriety i've come to realize one thing about my alcoholism ..my next drink is no more probable that for someone with one day of sobriety ..it doesn't matter if you have one hour one day one week one year or one decade of sobriety we are all walking the same path and I'm happy to be on this journey with you all 
I will not drink with you today!
Ooh Rah
It's friday hump day but being called a warrior cheered me up. So I won't drink with you fine people today...:) .
You too friend. Couldn't agree more.
Thanks we lose the odd battle but will win the war.
Embrace it!  I love this sub.  
Bruised and battle weary still not drinkin today!
Yes sir! I won't drink too.
