-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qc0xo/should_i_tell_someone_i_love/

So waking up on day 3 was amazing. My mind was clear I didn't vomit and I'm visibly shaking much less. Ive been chugging water and trying to eat a lot because i feel weak a lot of the time. To be frank the only reason I haven't gone to the store and chugged an entire bottle is because i remembered you guys. Not only do I not want to let you down but myself. I'm so proud of three days and I never thought this would be me...I guess my question is this; Should I tell someone near me about my sobriety? Actually no one I know actually knows I used to be a drunk... Im very scared to tell anyone nevertheless that I'm quitting? My Mother and Father would be so dissapointed in me... This is one of the hardest things for me right now. My mom and dad have struggled with addiction and depression in the past just like me. I always promised them that I was a good kid... And it really eats away at my heart when I lie to them. So I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.. Please feel free to be brutally honest here...TL;DR: I was a secret drunk. Having troubles with cravings and im wondering if i should turn my families life upside down by telling them.
----------immediate responses--------

There's a step in AA that states-."Make amends except when it would injure another". .Your call my friend. 
It's totally up to you.  I've heard some people who did it because it helped them feel accountable; I've heard others who did not because the pressure it entailed threatened their sobriety.  As for me I told some and not others depending on how I felt and whether I thought I was telling them to be accountable or whether the telling would be so hard it wouldn't be helpful.  For instance I told friends but not work.
I am a very private and secret person. The first time I quit drinking only my husband knew really. This time I am telling everyone! ..Hell even my son's football coach said the other day "you still doing that not drinking thing?" I said absolutely and he goes "you have such self control!" (We used to all go out for drinks after practices and games)..Bottom line is you do what you feel comfortable with. I found talking about it helps me and makes me feel stronger...Good luck and stay strong! 
I am taking each relationship differently - I personally don't feel the need to disclose the gory details to every person in my life - but I will tell everyone when it comes up that I don't drink anymore.  They say you are only as sick as your secrets which I think has some truth to it but there is something to said for considering what is appropriate in terms of your relationship with the person what you are comfortable with how long you have been sober etc.  Bottom line I don't think you need to take out a advert in the Town Crier tonight....:)
