-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qd14g/having_trouble_connecting_with_people_in_aa/

Hey SD..I'm on my second try with AA after a pretty horrible relapse that I've come to decide was the result of giving up on AA and no longer working a program. It's just something I believe I need in my life to stay sober. ..That said the first time I tried to become an active member I had trouble connecting with people and I'm finding the same thing is true the second time around. I'm looking for a new sponsor and also want to build a sober network but for some reason boldly going up to people after meetings and introducing myself terrifies me. I do the whole announcing my day count at the beginning of meetings to call myself out as a newcomer with the hopes that someone might approach me but haven't had much luck. ..I'm trying to be patient and just keep going to meetings but part of me thinks I need to take more action. I think I'm a relatively approachable person (not scary looking or anything) and have no problem making new friends in everyday situations but AA seems to be a social black hole for me. ..Do you guys have any tips or personal experience to share? I'd really appreciate it thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

The chairpeople usually have a list of temporary sponsors. ..Other than that I found that going early and helping set up or hang around was the best time to meet people. 
Pick one person per meeting who you like from what they shared whether it's something you can relate to. or advice you liked. Talk to them about it after the meeting and exchange numbers. Reach out the next day and thank them for talking and invite them to get coffee.
My experience in AA is that many of us are to a degree socially handicapped.  Have people given you phone numbers?  Call say you are just practicing.  Also go a little early.  People are less rushed then.   Good luck.  Been there..
I can totally relate to this. I had a rather liberating experience in regards to this. My sponsor suggested that I get numbers and call people. Well that sounded super awkward to me but I was really desperate for a different kind of life so I forced myself to do it. What I found was that it was never as awkward or uncomfortable as I had convinced myself it would be. In fact I quite enjoy calling people on the phone to see how they are doing now and I am a much more confident person in social situations mostly I think because I saw that the fear in my head about doing stuff like that was unfounded. What a lovely realization to have!
It took me a bit of time to get established and comfortable at meetings.  Do you share when you get the opportunity?  I've found that when I share I tend to get people who relate to what I'm going through and want to talk about it afterward.
