-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qdeor/my_story/

So I'm almost to 10 days and wanted to get my story out. My name is Em I'm 30 (people I know will probably see this but that's okay) and I've been drinking pretty regularly since 18. I took about a year off but lived with a bf who hid booze from me in our house so its hard not to relapse reaching for vinegar and finding a fifth etc...Anyways 2016 for most of us wasn't good. I ended said relationship which left me living with my brother I lost three family members and had another short lived relationship which ended... badly. I wasn't in a good place. I lost and had to cut a lot of people out of my life that had been around since high school. I thought in 2017 I would cut my drinking down to 1-2 nights a week instead of 3-6. Yeah that went well...not. I looked at my 2017 goals: save money lose weight feel better dedicate time to hobbies... and it was so obvious. The easiest way to do this is to cut out booze. ..I was always the party girl always down to go for a drink (which would never end at less than 8) and i had just accepted that this is how I would always be. I knew I had a problem I would obsess over booze every day. Was I drinking slow enough did i pregame enough that I can still get drunk at the bar for cheap can I just lie and say the store was out of pints so I haaaad to get a fifth? Watching tv or a movie I would judge people who got drunk off of half a bottle of wine and thought they were the idiots. My lifestyle and friends we all dedicated to partying. ..On my second to last night drinking I decided to cut these people out. I did it in not a great way cuz I was drunk but I decided these people weren't even my friends just fellow drinkers. I was mostly friends with guys and realized when I'm single it was okay for them to come on to me wasted and I didn't have the decency to say no. I was too scared of being alone. I would meet men drunk and make horrible decisions. I decided then that that was my last night (and of course had one more drunk night before it stuck). I woke up as I normally did anxious scared of what I did and texted and said sick wanting fast food not able to leave bed. I was pathetic. I came here when browsing AskReddit. i started reading about others stories. I drank to curb anxiety and bad feelings and was always left feeling worse. I hurt people I cared about. I tried to hold on to people who didn't give a fuck about me because I had no self esteem. ..I was and probably still am a bit of a mess. But thanks to this group and friends I've told (who are I'm finding wanting to get sober too) I feel like for the first time in a long time I might have a grasp on things. I am done being the idiot texting things to exes family members friends that I don't mean. I'm done disrespecting myself and feeling bad about my actions that I don't even remember. I'm done borrowing money because I blew all my money at the bar. I'm done being with men...err boys and people who aren't worth my time because I'm scared of being alone. I am looking forward to a year of recovery alone and being the awesome person I can be. ..I know I have a long road ahead of me and that this isn't easy. I am looking into AA groups and focusing on keeping busy. I am very tired. I can't get enough sleep but I know I probably haven't slept well in years. I am going easy on myself for awhile and knowing that this will probably be the hardest thing I've done. I am done living a regretful life done not being able to afford vacations and things I want to do. I am done hurting people. I know I won't turn into an angel I can be a real handful but I can be better than I am now. I want to spend time on myself so I can surround myself with people who aren't assholes like I was. ..I want to thank this sub for really making me take a good hard look at myself. I thought I had a good job friends and family and was doing okay. That is only half my life right now and the other half is ugly. I need to stop blocking emotions and put in some hard fucking work. Thursday is usually when I start my weekend of drinks but not today...I will not drink with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Your story rings true to my story in so many ways. I'm glad you're here with us and I will be joining you in not drinking tonight. 
Thank you for posting here. I read and absorbed all that you said. I can tell you're ready for this and ready for the work. I must also thank you for not apologizing for saying what needed to be said. You are ready. ..The emotions to come will be hard and hard is good.  These emotions will be your teachers. They will teach you everything you need to know if you're willing to listen and learn. ..Negative self talk keeps me in a state of suffering. When I believe the thinking going on in my head I have historically went to alcohol to shut it out. Not today. Today I welcome the good and the bad and I know I am learning. ..Welcome to the your new classroom!
Welcome! I relate to your post in many ways. The biggest being ready to start a better life without the alcohol causing me to be someone I dont want to be. Lets not drink today. 
Congrats on 9 days.  Almost to double digits.  ..Thanks for sharing.  It sounds like you are really ready to make a great change.  Power to you!  I am routing for you.  It really is better on the other side of the booze line.  ..I will not drink with you today.
I relate so much to you. Almost the exact same story. Thanks for sharing. Know you're not alone. Hang in there!
Congrats on putting the booze down. It's been the best thing I've ever done. Welcome and I won't drink with you today!
Thank you for sharing your story. Honestly it's as if I am looking in a mirror I have been in your exact place. Kudos to you for taking a HUGE step and it gets so much easier with each day. I will not drink with you tonight!!
In reply to my comment you mention not being able to see a relapse coming. That that is your fear. ..I have the same fear but it doesn't rule me. I have relapsed before. I wasn't as aware as you are. Keep being aware. It's your greatest tool. It's my greatest tool. 
This post sounds like it was written by my alter ego if I was a woman! My heart goes out to you...I wish you all the best because you deserve good things in life :) You CAN do this!
