-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qksze/other_addictions/

I'm two days away from two months of being free from alcohol. Yet I've struggled with phenibut addiction since October. For those who don't know phenibut is a benzodiazepine-like drug that affects the gaba-b receptor in the brain. Alcohol & benzos affect the gaba-a receptor. Phenibut doesn't mess you up though it just relaxes you & eases anxiety...I've taken phenibut off & on for two years & never had a problem with it until this October. I used to take it at recommended doses once to twice a week but in early October I started abusing it everyday taking ridiculously large doses of it...I've been working the AA program & was honest with my sponsor about my abuse of phenibut & he stopped being my sponsor because of it which is think is really freaking selfish of him. I've been free from the thought of drinking since week one & I was honest with my sponsor about my problem yet he dropped me because AA believes in sobriety from all substances which is pretty funny cuz everyone at AA meetings drinks coffee & chain smokes cigarettes. ..I'm slowly weening myself off of phenibut & plan to be rid of the stuff soon enough. I'm continuing to go to meetings because I like socializing with other alcoholics; it really helps me. As far as a sponsor goes though I'm going to step away from that aspect of AA for the time being. My sponsor stressed me out most of the time & was honestly a huge asshole a lot of the time. If only there were another way besides AA. I enjoy the fellowship with other alcoholics but I feel the program itself is outdated & I still have trouble letting go of my pride to let my 'higher power' handle it. Anyway I feel great coming up on two months. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I understand where you are coming from. I'm weaning down off of etizolam and feel almost like my 30 days no drinking means nothing. ..Fuck.that.noise. ..You are doing it!!! Keep it up and I won't drink with you today! 
It sounds like the two of you were not a good fit. Remember you can sack a sponsor too. It is a two way street.  Smart recovery is another way to get support but face to face meetings are a lot less available. There is also nothing wrong with attending meetings for a while without a sponsor. I have only started reaching out for one nearly nine months in and I have gained greatly from the program.  What is your plan for stopping phenibut?
I came off Xanax in November.  It was hard and for me the withdrawals were worse than alcohol.  I can say now though since I'm through it that I would never take it again.  I felt so numb on it.  You can do this!
"Was honestly a huge asshole a lot of the time" yuck.  Don't feel bad that this person continued to be an asshole.  Keep on keeping on!
I've had much luck with LifeRing and SMART recovery.   I am not a big fan of AA.
