-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qmhb6/stay_home_or_go_out_to_a_bar_and_not_drink/

If you have nothing going on whatsoever on a Saturday night and your old drinking buddies invite you to the bar do you stay home or go? Assuming you're comfortable in bars and aren't worried about impulsively ordering a drink or anything. ..In my last stint of sobriety I did the latter. Mainly because I didn't really have anything else going on and I didn't want to just go home and be by myself. But after my recent relapse I'm thinking that was a subpar strategy. That type of thing kept me half in my old life and half in sobriety...But it's tough to make the decision to stay home alone when folks are going out. kinda backs up in to a larger issue of how to deal with those old friendships in general too - thinking a little bit more space there might be healthy. I just don't want to cut myself off too much and end up getting depressed. ..Which in turn backs up in to the need to go out and seek new and healthy activities. I know that's super obvious but man it's hard! I'm used to no effort - shoot off a text someone is bound to respond and have a show/party going on or something or just want to go to the bar...now its like I feel like I'm completely starting over and have to do things I've never done before like start going to shows by myself or join clubs or something. I guess that should be exciting in a way but it mostly just seems intimidating...I guess I answered my own question: ideally neither just find something anything and try it out. But I'm curious if you guys have any advice or anything on this. 
----------immediate responses--------

For me going out is the suboptimal solution but then you can't avoid everything that is suboptimal! For me it would depend on who I'm going with. If it's someone who would respect my decision not to drink and at worst do a bit of prodding to find out the reasons why then I'd be more likely to go. If it's someone who is likely to pressure me to drink or even someone who I'm used to getting trashed with and enjoy doing so I'd probably be more likely to suggest an alternative. You'll do well in whatever you choose I am sure   
I'll still go out but only if I have a way of leaving if I start getting bad vibes. Most of the time I'll just go out for the first few hours before people start getting really drunk and the late night debauchery starts. 9/10 though I rather just be chilling at home.
Someone in my home group handed out these placards shaped like a dollar to keep in your wallet at all times.. if you find yourself about to order a drink you pull out this placard and make a call to the numerous numbers on the list for support or to talk instead of taking out money to get a drink.
This is a huge dilemma for many people on SD and for me personally. It's really difficult as some of my drinking 'buddies' are also my normal buddies (although when I get the texts they only seem to do stuff that revolves around boozing!). I've taken the approach if it's just going to the bar to hang out ad hoc I'm not doing it. It's a poor use of my time whilst they get hammered and I'm in that risky environment. If it's a dinner or a concert or something with the wives or something else beyond just going boozing then I'll make an effort and generally I have had a good time doing this. I've restarted exercising and reading and doing stuff with my girls and hopefully this will become more and more active. I also catch up on stuff that I always used to put off. Planning holidays/trips looking at the finances planning stuff etc. I saw a simple quote on here the other day "if my glass is full of air and I fill it with other stuff the air goes away" ! .Here's to life. 
It depends on the situation.   ..Those of my friends that own or work at bars are really respectful of my decisions and won't push me to drink. It's unlikely that they'll get drunk on the clock with me so I might hang for a bit.  ..I have other friends that go to level 10 Hammertime 80% of the time they go out. I just have no interest in staying out for that long to shuffle them home late at night.  Sleep is awesome.  ..There's always an open invitation to go out with co-workers at 2am after we close down the restaurant. I'm 100% fine with going home instead because sleep is awesome and the temptation is just not worth it for me. Being around more inebriated people after looking after them at work while sober isn't appealing.
I'd go find a Meetup that interests me. Major pluses to this strategy are: ..1. Absolutely not going to a bar..2. Spending the evening doing something that interests me..3. Finding and meeting like-minded people at the event...Worst case scenario you spent the evening not drinking. 
This early in the game I've written off going to bars with friends.  The only activity to do at a bar is drink.  If it was a place that had other entertainment or things to do then I would entertain it.  But for now I'm cutting off as many activities that involve booze til I get some sort of self control.  Good luck!
I feel this one!..I had to break old habits to remain sober for more than a couple of months at a time...Someone here said "Hang out at the barbers often enough and you'll get a haircut at some point"...That's when it hit me and stuck. I recently went back to my old haunt on a Friday teatime like I always did. I wasn't tempted to drink at all. But I'm also not tempted to return anytime soon either. Once booze was removed hanging in a bar is nowhere near as enjoyable for me so I don't bother now.
Hi Sk1pper for me I've found it helpful to "completely start over" and find other hobbies clubs as you mention in your post.  It's a transition at first but for me one of the joys of sobriety is getting out and actually doing things.  ..Sitting around watching people drink and then losing interest in friends' conversation due to the fact that they're buzzed and I'm not is no fun for me.  For me bars aren't fun on their own (for me they were chemical delivery mechanisms-and when you strip that away it's just chair sitting and shout talking).  I have too many better alternatives to choose from.
For me step one in starting up the Relapse Engine is to put the idea of drinking into my imagination and let it stay for longer than 3 seconds. And the simplest way to do that is to allow alcohol into my physical environment -- or put myself in its environment. 
Stay home.  As the saying goes you walk into a barber shop you are gonna' get a haircut. 
Hanging out in bars is for drinkers. I'm not a drinker anymore.  
