-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5quftt/to_think_i_was_dreading_yesterday/

Just wanted to share some accomplishments I had yesterday. I was a social binge drinker. The thought of any social occasion had me drinking anything and everything I could get my hands on till I'd black out. ..Well yesterday I had not one put two social outings. Lunch out w/ the BF and his extended family and a night out dancing w/ some girlfriends. Both these things would normally have me good and sauced in no time. Actually if this happened just a month ago I probably would have just continued my day drunk into the evening. I'll admit there were times I thought a drink would be nice and sometimes my social anxiety made me feel awkward but overall I noticed things weren't that different w/out a drink. The food was still good a lunch and I even let myself have dessert since I figured I saved calories not drinking (sound logic right?). The best was the night out w/ the girls I just brought a Red Bull to drink before the bar and had a Ginger Ale there. And the crazy thing is no one even noticed I wasn't drinking till the end of the night! Still got to dance laugh have fun and end the night with our customary burritos. Only difference is today I remember everything that happened no frantically checking my phone or social media to see how much of a fool I was and woke up feeling great. :) ..I'm still not sure if I'll never drink again this has been an interesting process for me. I know now though that alcohol doesn't dictate how much fun I'm going to be or have. I can do that all by my sober self. I wanna thank everyone and this group for existing and expressing your success and struggles it's a comfort to know that this is something many go through. ..I will not drink with all of you today! It's going to be a good day. :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! I can't wait to be where you are. I've let my social anxiety affect my drinking in the past so it's definitely nice to hear that you were able to have fun without alcohol. I won't drink with you today! :)
Cool. 
Yay that's awesome!!! Little (well big) victories like these really helped me to realize how much better my life can be when I'm not drinking. So glad you had an awesome sober time out!!
That's great! I'm similar in the sense of social binge drinking. Today makes 4 weeks for me but I have avoided a lot of social activities because I don't want to deal with the temptation. Thanks for sharing your success!
