-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qvbqq/two_weeks/

I realize this may not seem like that big of a deal to many of you but for this serial relapser this is a huge fucking deal! I haven't been able to string together more than 4 days in quite a while. A few months ago I was hospitalized and told that I wouldn't live to be 30 years old if I kept going down the road I was on. I hit bottom really quickly. I had gotten fired from my first real job was having seizures my body was a complete mess and I still couldn't find the brakes. I had gained 20 pounds was sneaking nips into the hospital and had resorted to drinking listerine and hand sanitizer if nothing else was around. I kept trying and trying to get sober knowing that this was basically the end of the road for me but I haven't been able to make it longer than a week or so until now!...Some things I've noticed/experienced: ..  My work performance has improved significantly. I somehow managed to get a new job and I'm lucky enough to have a boss who understands what I'm going through. But for the first couple months I couldn't stay sober for very long. I disappointed myself and my coworkers more times than I care to count. Now people are starting to trust me again. I'm helping train new hires and several people have commented that I seem like I'm happier sharper and more "with it." My boss has even started mentioning that she's considering me for a promotion...  I don't have nearly as much crippling shame and guilt all of the time. I don't ignore phone calls from family and friends out of fear that I might be too fucked up to have a proper conversation with them. I'm more present and I care about others. I'm not constantly figuring out ways to sneak alcohol into my day and cover up the evidence. I remember important events. ..  I don't drive drunk anymore. I got pulled over the other day for expired plates and my initial reaction was one of relief instead of panic. ..  I feel smarter and less anxious. Brain fog is real but I'm starting to feel more clearheaded and intelligent instead of confused and dumb all the time. I no longer have random bursts of extreme anxiety. ..  I look better. I'm still kind of substituting food for alcohol at times so I haven't lost as much weight as I want to but my face isn't fat and red all of the time and my double chin is way less pronounced. Since stopping drinking a fifth a day I've lost 10 pounds. My eyes also look much clearer. ...This process has still been an emotional rollercoaster and I know I'm not even close to being out of the woods. I'm just so so grateful. Can't wait to get to my 30 day mark and have a huge celebration for myself. ..Thank you all for your support! SD is my lifeline and I couldn't have done this without you all. ..
----------immediate responses--------

You are amazing and an inspiration tomorrow is my first day of medical detox and you know what i'm not dreading it i am so looking forward to it!..Keep up the amazing work i am proud of you..I shall not drink with you tomorrow!
So great!
That is awesome. At the risk of sounding like a broken record on here GRAB A BADGE. I don't know why that tiny graphic is so powerful but it is... Trust me...Nice job.
Excellent work I'm happy for you!
Nice!
Congratulations on your sobriety and each success it is a big deal.  Keep at it and celebrate in healthy ways.  Sharing is a good thing.
That's awesome! 
