-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5qvmnc/i_just_need_to_make_it_through/

I'm almost 6 months sober which is great but also slightly terrifying. 2 years ago I was in this same place and that's when I relapsed. These last few days/weeks have been rough. I've been in a lot of high risk situations. I feel like since I've been back from rehab I've had a lot of events/situations that I neee to get through. I feel like I've said "I just need to make it through X event" over and over again. Going back to work going on a business trip work Christmas parties Christmas New Years work dinners work conferences and my next hurdle is having a house to myself for over a month while my parents are travelling. Two years ago a combination of work and having a house to myself is what caused me to relapse. I was 6 months sober then and I'm 6 months sober now. ..There is a big difference this time though. I'm actively working a program and I'm actually in recovery now not just not drinking. I have support a sponsor and I'm accountable to other members of AA and my home group. ..Life kind of sucks right now. I'm lonely and my self hatred is pretty high up there. I miss the escape that drinking gave me and how it gave me an excuse for my life to be shitty. Right now I'm the only thing to blame since there is not much standing in my way from bettering myself except for myself. I'm using food as a coping mechanism and it's really out of control. It has completely replaced alcohol as I use it when I'm angry lonely sad bored and to celebrate. It's an addiction that makes me feel shameful and guilty and self pitying and I really need to do something about it...Right now I just need to make it through living alone for these next 2 months and then going on vacation and then probably moving out and probably some work events summer birthdays and then Christmas. There will always be things I "just need to make it through" but that will probably get easier and I'll get better at not going to things I don't need to go to and leaving high risk events early. ..Anyway thanks for listening and have a good 24. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos on 174 days! You have everything you need to make it through these next 2 months. You have your sponsor your friends from AA and you have us. I would lean on my support during this time take full advantage of the strength and compassion offered to me. It's when I feel weak that I reach out for help. When I feel strong I support...Every single "I just need to make it through" builds upon itself to make us stronger. There will always be difficult situations but we are learning how to deal with them sober. We're learning life...Reach out my friend you have what you need all around you.
Keep your head up
Congratulations on 6 Months!..What helps me is focus on today.  There's always "something down the road"...Sober On!!
One day at a time one event at a time. That's how it is.  It will get easier the longer you practice.  Keep on going you are doing great and you deserve this. \o/
