-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r26po/things_to_look_out_for_225_days_in/

So I've been doing well so far. 225 days. And today I was looking at some posts of folks who are 30 - 90 days in and feeling great and I worried about them becoming complacent. I did and I almost relapsed a few times. About 5 months in is where I had the worst urges to go back to old habits and while they passed they were real and dangerous...So it got me thinking: what things are in store for me that I'm not aware of? Those with more time than me: what should I be looking out for?
----------immediate responses--------

I have a bunch of days (I have no idea where my flair went but it's like 1600 or something) and the best advice I can give you is from back in the day when I had 2.5 years and screwed it all up and relapsed for over one year:..Do not ever ever ever think you've come up with a "good" reason to drink.  My good reason (aka: justification) back then was "I've been sober for over 2 years and I've PROVEN I don't need alcohol but since I'm going on this first date I'll have a beer because I always HATED beer so I know I'll only have one or two to nurse through the night"... yeah addiction is a sneaky little brat...
Honestly I haven't had strong urges or cravings in awhile. I think I have crept into a bit of a funk these past few months and I came across the term "keeping your sobriety green". I'm adding some stuff each week to keep me focused and my mental and physical health in place. Added an extra yoga class got the opportunity to bring Refuge Recovery meetings to a rehab both seem to be helping. I'm also getting more politically involved. I guess it's all part of continuing to grow as a non-drinker and help out others where I can.
Thanks for the heads-up about the 5-month mark I can imagine that happening.  I agree the 30-90 day window has been a challenge in terms of not having to consciously resist drinking as much I have been saddened to watch many of our friends who were tracking similar to me reset recently.  A couple weeks ago my thoughts on alcohol changed from being obvious conscious and in the front of my mind to being sneaky and in that thought track running in the back of my mind.  I really had to adjust my mindset and strategies because of it.  It's very interesting how our addict brains can evolve to try to survive.  Congrats on your 225 days!
