-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r35qy/wedding_in_india_in_5_weeks/

My American side of family will be there (cousins uncles etc). They are all HEAVY drinkers. Drink everyday polish off bottles have multiple DUIs between them...I am close with them and I used to drink with them all the time. About 10 of the cousins I'm very close with and they all drink stupid amounts. They like to encourage others to partake in the fun. This will be my biggest test to see if I can be sober - it's literally 10/10 the most tempting scenario and hardest to resist. ..What tips do you guys have for me? I really don't want to relapse and if I can manage to get through this - I can get through ANYTHING. 
----------immediate responses--------

Remember that you don't *need* booze to have a good time. If they start to encourage you to partake a simple "no thanks" should be enough. I haven't had anybody question my sobriety or push me to drink yet but if/when anybody does I intend to inform them of the liver damage alcohol was so kind to bless me with. Now **THAT** should shut them up. ..Stay strong an HAVE FUN! A wedding in India sounds amazing and I'm soooo jealous! 
I would probably pack some emergency NA drinks just to get me sorted for the first couple of days in case I can't find something.  Tea bags would be sensible although I am sure there is plenty of that where you are going.  I used to pack boxes of wine on international trips so the logistics of packing tonic water doesn't sound too crazy to me. :)
Sounds like a real test for you.  I wish you well.  I've found that the more I hang around my old drinking buddies the more that people confide in me that they want to (or should) quit too.  I'm doing what they wish they could do and hopefully setting an example that they can follow when the time comes for them to call it quits as well.  ..Aside from that I've worked way too damn hard to let someone else influence me to go back.  Onward and upward.
