-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r3i84/day_1_story/

OK the story is just starting but here's part of my story:..Mid-40s father of 4 amazing wife good career great friends etc.  I have every reason in the world to be endlessly thankful.  ..But I drink too much.  The amount of alcohol I consume on a weekly basis is staggering to me (I'm not bragging).  50 - 70 strong drinks per week would not be unusual.  And I have been doing this for years - maybe 7-8 years this heavily but drinking something nightly for probably the past 20 or more...I haven't "hit bottom" - no DUIs am able to work etc.  But I am not where I want to be.  My fitness is not good bags under my eyes raise my voice at the kids don't really think clearly until noon etc.  My two oldest are entering their teenage years and I know they'll be watching me differently.  There is a history of alcoholism in my family - not everyone but more than a few.  And objectively speaking I recognize that I cannot do this to my body especially my liver.  It's not like I have some superhero-powers liver or something.  It will catch up with me...I've never made a conscious design to "try" to stop.  I have had days where I couldn't drink due to travel sickness or some other reason.  Sometimes it's been fine but other times I've felt what I would call mini-withdrawal symptoms - sweating at night sleeping poorly.  I am preparing for it to be harder than I might imagine...My wife is on board all the booze is out of the house and I've managed my work schedule where I can come in and not do heavy tasks should I have a rotten night.  ..I am thankful for finding this forum and inspired by all of you working on sobriety.  I am looking forward to facing my struggles because I really want to get on the "other side" of them.  ..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck to you. Similar story here. Mid 40s. 3 kids almost teens. Good paying job. Great wife. Luckily never got a DUI. But I was binging like crazy Thurs - Sunday for years. I'm almost at 30 days and I feel great. I've been more patient and fun with my kids and I know they can tell. Just take it one day at a time and they will slowly add up. You can do this
Good luck!! 
I won't drink with you today!
Congratulations on your decision. I recommend "The Naked Mind" as well. Very good read. Lots of sobriety blogs out there too that. Good luck on your journey sir!
