-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r7jb4/no_matter_how_hard_it_gets_its_easier_to_do/

Hey..So I fell off again - felt down and sad and drank. Then drank for the next week. All the secrets and lies and pain right back...Then the whole struggle to stop drinking again for the 20th time. When I feel down and sad I need to remind myself that for me it's easier to get through one more day without drinking than it is to go through the pain of starting all over again...I'm back now and will take slight comfort in the fact that I have got back on track after just a week...I'll not drink with you all today..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! Good on you for coming back so quickly. I agree with you that no matter how hard things get in life alcohol just makes them worse. I will not drink with you today!
Hey you came back.  That's good news!..*Fall down six times; Get up seven*.....Japanese proverb 
This is a war you have last a battle. You may loose other battles. Remember all is not lost. I lost my battle last weekend but I am winning the war.
**Zen proverb: Before enlightenment chop wood carry water. After enlightenment chop wood carry water.** Nothing I can add to that!
Very true.  It is easier to stay sober than it is to get sober.
Yes!
Good Point! This will keep us from asking ourselves "What's the point?" And drinkiing again. I will not drink with you today!
Glad you're back! I see now clearly what alcohol is doing to me: after a night of drinking heavily I always feel hopeless depressed sick and lonely. It's not because I feel guilty or anything: the chemicals of alcohol do not interact well with my mind and create that Golum-like version of myself...I don't want to feel that again so I won't drink with you today.
"No matter how hard it gets it's easier to do another day than start over again." .Great aphorism sir or madam. Well played.
Welcome back!
So true it is so much easier to not drink today then the pain and struggle after drinking again.  I will not drink with you today and I'll remind myself that day 3 sober does feel better than starting over.
Glad you are here and back on track. I am not drinking with you today. 
It took me awhile to come to a full acceptance that I can't drink without becoming a heavy drinker. Without craving it. I tried at least a dozen times to stop and control it in my 21 year drinking career. I'd get to a point where I felt better then I'd think "if I can do 30 days I can control it"--something like that--then I'd pick it up again and it would be the same exact behavior. That morning after the last one I woke up with massive cheap-beer hangover and said to myself "if you don't stop  you're gonna be dead soon or in jail. You'll lose everything. You can't control man. You can't." I fully accepted that I *can't* drink if I want to live any kind of decent life. Alcohol in my body and I believe it's genetic creates a craving for itself. I have one I want more. It's that simple. I was born that way. Drank that way from the very start at age 15. That is the problem. Like someone with a peanut allergy who can't eat peanuts I can't drink alcohol. It's lethal to me and makes me sicker and sicker over time it's lethal to my life and to people on the road...Which me? Which world? The first drink gets me *that* me and *that* world every single time. If I don't pick it  up I get *this* me and *this* world which is pretty darn good...Good luck to you today. You have the power to not put that first one to your lips. :)
Glad you're back! Do you have any go-to coping for when you feel sad? A friend you can talk to movie / game / book that will cheer you up exercise routine favorite treat? It sounds dumb but little stuff like has helped me get through difficult times.
That's a brilliant thought. I'll have to remember that the next time that I'm tempted.
I'm with you man.  My organs are swollen and my spirit is damaged.  However today I will not drink.  Let's keep an eye on one another along with all of you in your first few days of sobriety and watch our days increase our spirits heals our bodies feel better and our perspectives change.  .
It's never going to be easy ever but it's very possible. Cut out any negativity in your life that triggers your urges and take up a healthy hobby like the gym. I will not drink with you today. Know that you are loved and that all things are possible through God and determination. 
Welcome back! It's a hell of a struggle but you got this :)
Welcome back :) we're all here with you...You totally got this.
I will not drink with you today!
"If I give up now I'll be right back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now."..I don't know where I read or heard this but it's gotten me through some tough times before. I like it because it holds just as true whether you're on day one or day 1000. 
Me too man probably the 10th time in 6 months. Can't change without effort though. Probably can't truly change without failure either. ..With you all the way tonight. Screw that old life and on to a better one. 
Very true statement.  I think we all can agree with you on this.  At the least you can look at this scenario as a lesson learned sounds like you came out of it with some wisdom.  Congrats on coming back!  I will not drink with you today.
Get back on the horse/wagon or whatever you want to call it.... I have today just like you.. the past doesn't matter..I could have strung together 300 days or 2 years or 20 years.. or 1 day.. all we have is today! Keep your head up and thanks for sharing. Let's do this!
I want to thank you for not drinking 20 times. That's more important than going back to the bottle 20 times in my opinion...I don't think this is failure. I think it's progress. There is a version of your life that would have happened if you never stopped once. You didn't choose that...It's my hope and belief that if you keep trying one day you'll look back on all the false starts as what you needed to gear up for the last start that ended drinking forever...Congratulations on day 1. It's one of the most important days. I won't drink with you today.
I've done this so many times it's so hard. I'm not drinking with you today and confident that we can both overcome this struggle.
Right there with you. Not drinking with you today.
Glad you did not abandon the forum and came back.  You are brave and I am sad about your relapses but hopeful about the future.  Best of luck fellow sobernaut
I agree with you - much easier not to drink than to stop. No boozing with you today!!!.
