-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5r8xis/0_days_man_i_let_myself_down/

I decided I was going to start drinking again one day before my 9-month sobriety date. I was unashamed and just started again thinking that I was going to moderate and everything would be cool. Absolutely had no issue with getting hammered when everyone else was casually drinking. I was back to the races and the relapse happened for three solid weeks. .Within the first week I was back to hiding it from my fiance slamming beers in the morning buying more alcohol at 11:00 on a Tuesday afternoon... just absolutely no shame. Yet again I was drinking every day virtually day dreaming about when I could get my next buzz. (And "buzz" actually means stupid drunk because I don't stop). ..I feel like such a jackass. I straight up looked my fiance square in the eye last night and said I want to moderate my drinking. He then caught me literally TWENTY MINUTES LATER drinking boxed wine in my closet. It was still there and I had to finish it. .I'm disgusted with myself. So here I am at Day 0. .I went to rehab last May and went to NA meetings but I never actually committed to a program. I told my sponsor to fuck off and then I just sat in meetings essentially paying lip service completely lying to myself. ..I don't know what else to say but today I'm going to a few meetings finding a therapist and getting back to where I was. .Today I will NOT drink.    Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a great plan!
DO NOT beat up on yourself!  Love who you are and realize that you deserve better.  Believe in yourself you can do it!  "There is nothing noble in being better than your fellow man.  True nobility is being superior to your former self."  Good luck!
I quit drinking a little more then a year before I got married. I was a much better fiance than I was girlfriend and I think that I'm an even better wife...I'm not saying I quit for that reason. I quit because drinking was making me miserable. But still it's nice to know that I can be there for the person who stuck with me through all of my crap...
