-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rg3o5/last_night_my_sister_told_me_she_wants_to_go_to/

Our little sister passed away 1 year and 3 days ago. Since then my older sister has struggled with depression and alcoholism unlike anything I've ever seen. I've tried everything I can think of. I started going to Al-Anon about a month ago and it has worked wonders for myself. I had a very serious conversation with my older sister last night after a very difficult weekend. She had been looking into a place called "The Ranch" in Tennessee but it looks like they would be out of network.  .  .At this point I am elated that she's willing to take these steps but I'm a little overwhelmed with options and I want to make sure she gets into a place she feels comfortable with and will help her with the underlying issues behind the alcoholism. She's 34 and was working on his masters in Creative Writing before my sister passed last year. She's an incredible mother (when she's sober) and person.  .  .So I'm coming here to ask for advice. Any of you been to rehab in the past? Suggestions on facilities? Things to look for? Things to watch out for? I've been researching all night and all morning but it looks like there is a lot of money in this industry of recovery and with that brings some shady characters I'd like to steer clear from.  . .Any advice or suggestions or comments are welcome. I'm very happy today and I wish the best to everyone here! Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

If there is a more appropriate sub for this kind of question please point me in the right direction. Thank you.
Have you asked her what she wants from her rehab?
&gt;  Any of you been to rehab in the past? ..I just completed a 28 day program on December 30th. This was my second time in inpatient treatment (first time was February 2006)...&gt; Suggestions on facilities? Things to look for? Things to watch out for..It really depends on what she is looking for. I went to Ashley Addiction Treatment Center in Havre De Grace Maryland which I highly recommend. It is a wonderful facility with extensive resources for mental health nutrition fitness/yoga spiritual and family health programs. I can not speak highly enough of this facility. If she would be self-pay (no insurance) it is extremely expensive (~$30k for a 28-day stay). They do have a "scholarship program" whereby her treatment could be covered by an endowment they have...&gt; help her with the underlying issues behind the alcoholism..In my experience while addressing the "underlying issues" can help me stay sober it was very important for me to focus on the fact that I drink *because I am an alcoholic*. Not because of my childhood family trauma etc. 
