-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5riezp/i_had_some_time_and_now_its_gone/

I believe I had around 690 days. I drank last night and have reset my counter. I'm writing this with deep shame and with the recognition I need to do what I've always done whenever I relapse in the past and that is learn from this and increase my supports...Increasing my counseling going to meetings more consistently and telling more people when I want to drink...Yesterday I did everything so called right when I had a craving. I went to a meeting and told them how I was feeling. But I didn't do anything else. And that is on me...I am also posting this to let people know in those higher digits that alcoholism is still cunning and baffling even if you have a year two years or a hundred!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that and thanks for the warning.  Good job getting right back at sobriety though.  To me that shows commitment.  Today I will not drink with you.
I'm very sorry to hear this I'm glad you're back so quickly. Thank you for posting it's a strong reminder that this doesn't just disappear because x number of days have passed. I'll not drink with you today.
The days are not lost DeeDee one evening is a small fraction of a percentage point of your sober total the lessons are not lost. One event can be an anomaly not a trend. Take good care of yourself.
Sorry to hear that. I know the feeling of deep shame and feel it now as well. I'll not drink with you today. 
You're an amazing woman with a big support network. I hope you find some relief soon and are able to forgive yourself. No one is perfect.
Thank you for your honesty..Thank you being here
I'd be in awe to have 690 days.  Way to get right back on it!
"The farther I am from my last drink the closer I am to my next one."
My Reddit age is the amount of time minus a few days here and there that I have been sober. It's 313 days. Almost all of those days have been sober and I have become a different person because of it. You have too! You have 690 days of sober with one not sober. That's huge!! H.U.G.E.!! You're here reaching out for support and we will all be here to pick you up! No shame needed.  
I'm sorry to see this but glad to see you are still here on SD.  You had a few weeks more than I do now and I've read a lot of your posts in my time on SD.   ..I came across [this comment from OTR](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h1e80/question_for_people_who_ever_relapsed_after_2_or/cu3g38u) about relapses a while ago. I'd like to hear your thoughts on it if you don't mind.  Did your decision to drink come out of the blue or was there a series of decisions/events leading up to it?  ..
this is terrifying thanks for sharing...Action and more action right?..I am SO glad you are right back and not one of those stories I hear in meetings about years long relapses that destroy everything. ..My sponsor is distracted with newcomers and some other things and I was just thinking tonight before meeting "but you KNOW what to do so keep doing it!" Having her as less of a babysitter now is no excuse ..You're brave and awesome.
Hey DeeDee I'm here to support you :). 690 days is amazing! They are not gone. You're taking the steps that you need to and you came right back here - kudos! Any news on adjusting the med's or new doc's? Wondering if that will help?..Thinking of you and sending a big warm hug :). xo
Were only people but you acknowledged and want redemption from your mistake. That's wonderful...Your also shared with everyone else so we could benefit. Thank you and I hope tomorrow is much brighter...I won't drink with you today. :-)
[removed]
You got this /u/deedeethecat! 
The enemy is always lurking awaiting the chance to strike. I've seen this happen with people with 25 years and more sober. Many never made it back. ..Climb back on the horse and strap yourself in. .
I think you're incredibly strong deedee. Hang in there. We'll always be here for you :) 
[removed]
Thank you!
DeeDee sending you love woman.  I remember that sense of shame; forgiving myself was hard but frankly until I did I was in danger of relapsing again. I'm cheering you on today!
Oh deedee you're back in no time though.  Those days didn't disappear.  I appreciate your words of warning.  I'm proud of you for coming back and for trying so hard.  You did it once you can do it again.  I was just thinking of you the other day and hoping you were well.  I'm sorry you drank but I'm really glad you're here!!
