-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rl7se/that_relapse_feeling/

19 days ago I got back on the sober wagon after three days of drinking that ruined my near month of sobriety. I'm back on track now almost back to where I was before my slip. But I'm falling victim to the same thing that happened last time...that relapse feeling...The relapse feeling for me is that anxious need for a drink that inner frustration that builds and builds until eventually you drink. .I don't know where it comes from and I certainly don't know how to get rid of it without succumbing to the drink...After a couple weeks of abstaining drinking starts to look better and better. I try to push it away try to distract myself but it's always there. The relapse feeling starts to live in my bones. It never leaves and it seems to get stronger with each passing moment no matter how I try to fight it...I can handle most cravings. But this ever-present frustrated lust for the drink is too much. And for it to suddenly appear for no obvious reason around the 3 week mark is frustrating in itself. ..Now that I've put distance between myself and alcohol it's much harder to remind myself of why I stopped in the first place. I can only see the good right now or tell myself that I "didn't have that bad of a problem."..I'm feeling so frustrated and hopeless. Drinking seems like such an easy out right now. But I'm going to keep fighting...I lost to the relapse feeling last time. I don't want to lose to it again...Thank you guys for reading. I'm going to stay here hanging out on this sub for a while. I appreciate all your stories and support more than I can express.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that's how you are feeling tonight. I also know the disappointment of breaking down after I've made an asshat decision. ..I thought about all the times I had allowed myself to drink knowing the repercussions. I was in charge of me so I could do what I wanted and I would take on all of the consequences that came with my decision. Cravings just having fun being uncomfortable in my skin trying to be like everyone else yada yada yada welcome to the Me saga. ..Surrendering my will isn't something that comes naturally. I'm that stubborn idiot that knows the stove is not only hot- but on fire ready to explode and I will still put my hand close enough to it to see how hot it REALLY is. I haven't melted any appendages off yet but I really don't have a desire to. . .The concept that all of my hair brained ways of getting by still left me miserable is enough to make me want to give up my power to the universe. Instead of doing what I want to do which is easy and prideful I'm giving it up to my concept of something bigger. I wanted to drink tonight like I do most nights that I can get away with it but instead of doing that I'm gonna try it the universes' way and try something new. ..Cravings are difficult but they pass. Try something new with me? I will not drink with you tonight! 
I'm so sorry you feel that way its really hard and I know exactly how you feel. I'm still trying to learn how to push through the exact feelings you have described. I can't offer much in the way of advice but just remember that its never worth it drinking will always make you feel awful without fail if you have a drinking problem. Trust the part of yourself that chose to quit in the first place not the devil on your shoulder telling you your problem isn't that bad. If it wasn't bad you wouldn't have quit in the first place. .
SMART recovery - specifically the ABCs worksheet they have on their website - helped me to manage these feelings. What you're experiencing is a mental battle and your thinking is corrupted. 
