-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ru0cu/day_30_but_still_so_tired_and_not_that_much/

Looking for input from those with experience like this. It is odd that back when drinking if I put 2 days together without alcohol I felt so much energy and mental sharpness.  Now I am still struggling to make work calls and find my other work continuing to be shotty at times. None of this tempts me to drink so thank goodness for that. Maybe that it is winter and I work from home/caregive alzheimers father keeps me in the blah zone? Before though like I mentioned I would be into shopping cooking etc. Thanks for any input from you guys. Have a great Friday and a most amazing hangover-free weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah google post-acute withdrawal symptoms there is a progression of symptoms for some time until your brain will fully recover and re-balance itself.  I needed to pick up other tools to help it along meditation AA meetings therapy meds exercise etc...You can do this!
The rule of thumb is that it takes a year to totally detox your brain. I called bullshit on that my whole first year of sobriety. Now I say it takes a year or more to detox. ..My favorite saying is time takes time. ..Hang in there it only gets better. 
I still struggle with fatigue. It isn't as bad and the changes are day by day but there you go.
i really turned a corner at six months as far as my brain rewiring and firing on all cylinders again...but it got progressively better the whole time. the first month is definitely the hardest and you already accomplished that!..have a great weekend :)
No one ever likes this answer (myself included!) but too much time on the internet/smart phone saps my energy and makes me mentally foggy. The more I engage with the real world the better I feel. 
I'm on day 25 and am still having a lot of fatigue.  Sleeping schedule hasn't really improved much.  Anxiety is still causing me a lot of trouble.  ..I guess I'm excited to finally be learning to face raw emotions though.  I can train my brain to cope properly as opposed to feeling like I need an instant out.  Happy to not drink with you today.
I'm not quite at day 30 but I've been experiencing the same - anxiety lack of energy depression. I made the decision to see a psychiatrist and start up therapy this week. Drinking was my coping mechanism for a long time and without it I don't know how to handle any of those issues (not that drinking was actually "handling" anything at all). I'm hoping to learn some better ways to handle my problems and ideally better my mood and energy through that :)
