-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rwurx/intro_and_quick_thoughts_on_aa_meetings/

First of all thank you for having me in your community. I've been lurking for a few months and decided to finally subscribe/post after a last-straw style bender this week that got me kicked out of the house I share with my awesome wife and two young daughters temporarily...Heres my story for perspective: I'm Matt 28 been married for almost 7 years to my unbelievably supportive wife. I've struggled with alcohol my entire adult life though I've had a couple decent one/two month dry periods and a year-long deployment completely sober. I've never been a social drinker probably because my wife has always been an abstainer so our social circle doesn't have many drinkers in it. I've always been the closet drinker of 5-8 cocktails after everyone goes to bed. I'm not a daily drinker either but lately I've found that a night of drinking has an ability to turn into a three-day binge without warning. This has happened twice in the past month. I've always been victim to the trap of thinking that because I'm (not bragging here) successful professionally/financially/etc. that I can use alcohol successfully/responsibly. But the truth is that I can't. So I'm hoping this subreddit can be a piece of the puzzle that helps me achieve sobriety. Because the thought of losing my wife and kids is terrifying and I can't envision achieving sobriety without them...I wanted to also share a thought/experience on meetings that I had this morning. It was only my third meeting ever the first being after a DUI in 2010 the second being last August after a binge. That meeting in August sort of turned me off to the concept- I felt very 'out-of-place' saw someone I went to highschool with and basically barely made it through the whole hour. Fast fwd to last night I talked to an uncle who has about 5 years of sobriety after 25 of heavy drinking. He told me something I hadn't considered- that sometimes you need to try different meetings until you find one where you 'fit in'. I don't know why I assumed before that all meetings would be the same. The one in August and the one this morning were both Open Discussion meetings but they felt completely different. These people were so happy to be there and to be sober despite some of them having pretty good reasons to not be happy about much of anything. So that sort of changed my whole outlook on meetings. And made me thankful that there's about 30 meetings any day of the week within 15 minutes of my house. I know they're not for everybody- but I also thought they weren't for me up until this morning...Again thanks for having me and thanks for not drinking with me today...TL;DR.Me babbling about myself and recently dicovering that I'm much more receptive to this new meeting group than I thought I could or would be
----------immediate responses--------

Your uncle gave you some good advice! I'm glad you found a meeting you could fit in with better. Congratulations on taking steps to beat this demon. I will not drink with you today.
I got that advice too and found it to be super helpful. 
&gt;sometimes you need to try different meetings until you find one where you 'fit in'. ..I think that this is something that is all to often overlooked here at SD.  Some people don't like the "god thing" part of AA but it barely registers at the meetings I've gone to.  Now I can imagine that for those of us living in the bible belt that may not be the case.  I happen to live in a very liberal part of the country.  So YMMV.
