-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rx2t9/my_mental_health_has_gotten_notably_better/

Just found this sub a little while back and I wanted to share about my mental health. I haven't had a hangover in over a year and a half and it feels great waking up each day. I want to say to everyone who may be depressed it gets so much better without alcohol. I was fighting depression for a very long time and taking medication for it. It all started when I began smoking a lot of pot which later transformed to heavy drinking. I was in a pretty dark place and then I cut all these depressants out of my life and my mood went from not wanting to wake up in the morning and sleeping for 10-11 hours to being excited about the day. I'm off my depression  medications and I couldn't be happier about it. I still have good and bad days like everyone else but they're a lot better now. A good friend who has been sober for over 5 years now said to me "you were putting all these depressants in your system and wondering why your depressed?" Which made me think about my health and well-being. I went from almost 200 lbs down to  a healthy 160 and my head has been more clear than I can ever remember. So if you're struggling know that it only gets better and better the longer you go. I don't have the desire to go back to my old ways now.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm only 5 months in and I've noticed significant improvements.  I still struggle sometimes but the lows are not nearly so bad and they are less frequent.
Your friend is wise! That makes a lot of sense now that you mention it. ..Thank you for sharing! So glad to hear you're feeling well. I'm in a really great space mentally right now. It's fantastic! It's a whole new outlook and I'm loving it. ..Keep it up! I won't drink with you. 
My biggest reason to avoid relapse is to prevent the inevitable dark shadow of depression that comes really no matter how much I drink.  I just cannot go back there.  
