-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5rx3x4/i_am_trying_to_stop_drinking_but_the_girl_ive/

Sorry if this is more appropriate for /r/relationships but I specifically wanted to talk with other alcoholics. Might be a bit long too sorry. I've been dating this girl for a few months and as of late we've been talking about becoming exclusive/official... whatever you want to call it. I am in my late 20s and have struggled w drinking off and on for years. When I'm drinking I average 6-10 beers over a day but am quite skinny. I'm kind of a sipper but if I'm not working - there's probably a beer nearby until bedtime. I withdraw sometimes. ..My friend Girlfriend... Idk the proper label now honestly - is a few years older and has a good sales job. But she buys a wine bottle or two on a nightly basis. She's been cut off at the bars numerous times fallen asleep mid phone call with me etc. Usually it's not to that extent but I feel her drinking rivals mine but she can function better than I professionally...I got a DUI back in July and I've told her about this.  I live in a conservative American state where probation is highly monitored in terms of drug/alcohol screens. I need to stay sober for my own sake and on top of that fucking up probation would probably send me to jail for at least 30 days. I have not started the process yet though...I really enjoy this persons company. I like her romantically. IMO we're both "damaged goods" and this makes it really easy for us to share personal things with eachother. Shit we recently discovered her current therapist was he same as mine in high school. I have never addressed her drinking because I often cave and have drinks with her - that and I don't want to tell her what's right for her. She knows legally I have to quit for awhile once probation starts but the closest I've ever come to saying "I believe I'm an alcoholic" is "I drink too much".  Maybe she doesn't address my problem bc she doesn't want to address hers. I don't think she'd care if I said I'm not going to drink tonight; it's my own impulsivity that's in question...I don't want to walk away from this girl. We have a lot in common care about eachother and have a lot of fun. But it's so tempting to join her in drinking and get wrapped up in that new relationship high. ..I'm really torn.
----------immediate responses--------

I dated an alcoholic for around 5 months almost 2 years ago. I broke up with him because we were incompatible in a lot of ways but the constant drinking was definitely a factor. Even though I was also drinking at the time it was just so hard to cut back when I always knew he was game. We would occasionally set little goals for ourselves to cut back on drinking and we'd have a sober night or two but then use that as an excuse to hit it hard after. He used to comment that of all the girls he had dated I could "handle my booze" the best. All it really meant was that I had as much of a drinking problem as he did...I'll offer a bit more of a success story though. My current SO doesn't have a drinking problem so nothing to report there but he has been a smoker for 20+ years while I've been on and off for 10 years and wanted to quit. Morning cigs with coffee was part of our daily routine. So were afternoon cigs and evening cigs. I knew I wanted to quit but I kept waiting for him to want to quit too thinking that it would be something we did together. One night we were hanging out with some smoker friends and talking about cigarettes and my SO mentioned that he would be okay with being a life-long smoker...At that moment a switch went off for me. I realized that while I had been waiting for him to want to quit before I did if I really wanted to quit smoking I needed to be prepared to do it on my own. And I did. Not until a couple months later but I haven't had a cig in over 2 months now and I intend to keep it that way. My SO tried to be supportive by not smoking (as much) around me but he did not quit with me. I held strong. Now he's down to 2-3 cigs a day when he used to smoke close to a pack a day. I didn't tell him to quit but I think he observed my determination to better myself and followed suit. When you're close to someone seeing them every day doing things together constantly etc. you'd be surprised by how much you subconsciously influence each other...Now not everyone would do that. My previous alcoholic boyfriend wouldn't have; he wasn't nearly as interested in supporting me as my current SO and he was much less in control of his addictions. But the point I'm getting at is that if you really want to stop drinking or at least cut back you need to have the resolve on your own. Talk to your girlfriend and tell her that you want to cut back and why. Then do it. Actually stick by your word. Be prepared for her to still get drunk around you once in a while but you might be surprised by how much she's willing to change if for no other reason that it's embarrassing to get drunk with a sober person...You can find the new relationship high in a lot of other ways and it WILL be more genuine. Part of the reason I joined my previous alcoholic boyfriend in drinking all the time was that I honestly couldn't stand to be around him sober. We had very little in common and opposing views on many issues that are important to me I didn't like the way he spoke to me and I had very little respect for him. Being drunk put a smile on my face and made it way easier for me to tolerate our differences. Don't waste your time getting into a relationship with someone you can't have a fantastic time with sober...Sorry this was so long. ..TLDR: You got this whether she joins you or not :D
That's a tough spot to be in. You have to do what's best for you and unfortunately that might put a wedge in the relationship. She might not view her drinking as a problem and if you say anything to suggest that to her she'll likely get defensive and angry. Just make sure she knows what's at stake for you. If she can't see that sobriety is important for you and be supportive then maybe she isn't the right girl. As much as that blows sobriety is the main priority right? ..Sorry. I wish I had more advice. Hang in there and good luck! 
Look you are honest right now with a bunch of strangers on the internet and you can't be honest with the girl that you feel so much for?..Honesty is the most important thing in the relationship if you can't say that in voice write that in a letter and send to her:."Dear Jane I am an alcoholic and I was too afraid yo acknowledge this. I was afraid to acknowledge this in front of me but also in front of you because I am afraid that this will damage our relationship..However if I will continue drinking it will destroy my life. Your drinking affects mine and I would like us to deal with this problem"
Just want to comment that I met a "great" guy many years back when I was about 2.5 years sober.  He had a whomping thumping honking drinking problem BUT I chose to intentionally ignore it because he checked off 99 other things on my "list"... I thought it wouldn't be an issue as long as I didn't drink... I ended up relapsing for a little over a year... there's an expression I've heard a lot and it's "they'll get you drunk before you get them sober"- please think about that because it happened to me...And it turns out he really just wanted a drinking buddy who'd condone his addiction by joining in &amp; was used to those chaotic relationships where all you do is yell and scream and break up and makeup... even drunk I wasn't like that...
