-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ry0cu/moderation_isnt_a_thing/

I now remember this little voice in my head that said "Well you'll know that if this evolves into more and more consistent drinking and results in the anxiety and depression again you can't moderate."..Have had quite the low point over the last week. I had quit for somewhere around 45 days up until right before Christmas.. I felt so great. I had been working hard on developing a strong base and a paradigm shift on the fact that I didn't need alcohol and that everything would be handled better without it. Good and bad days would still come but the pendulum would stay a bit more centered throughout. I credit /sd and Allen Carr's 'Easy Way' for this. (Thank you SD fam!)..I'm back at a few days in to restart the cycle and successfully proved to myself by the end of January that moderation isn't a thing. ..I'll keep this as short as possible but I will say that throughout my drinking stint I learned a lot about myself because I had spent 45 days sober prior. I really feel like a different person. It's weird. This makes me wonder what I'll be like after 60 90 365 days sober.....My confidence and base is stronger and although I had a bit of a relapse I'm trying to forgive myself and get back on the pony because I almost feel as though I needed to try "one more time" to prove to myself that those 45 clean days were much better than what I've since been left with. ..So this is just a post to:.1) share with others that you always have to keep going and get back on the horse.2) life happens - learn from everything .3) remind myself (and all of us) that forgiveness is essential.4) put this out into the universe so the healing process continues. ..Thanks everyone. I will not drink today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Your story sounds a lot like mine. Keep it up! I'm not drinking with you tonight :)
I hear you. I know the feelings. I will not drink with you tonight.
Yup moderation is a not a thing for me either. ..Welcome back. I will not drink with you today. 
