-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s1hh0/couldnt_quite_make_a_year/

I've been off this subreddit for a little over a month now mainly because you guessed it I started drinking again. ..I was about 4 days off the 1 year mark but suddenly my SO for over 8 years left me. I had no job no place to live and no partner. ..So yep I hit the booze again. Not everyday but over the last month say 10+ times of heavy drinking. I've done some stupid shit and now feel full or remorse and anger at myself for the way I have been behaving. ..Time to pull myself out of this pit find a job and a place to call my own get back on top of my fitness and most importantly not drink today. ..Good luck to everyone just starting out or who has relapsed lately and just getting back on track. Being sober for nearly a whole year and then drinking again has taught me a valuable lesson. I cannot be a social drinker just having the odd one it just doesn't work. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Remember to request a reset for your badge (look to the right of this screen) it's just a number - but it can help mentally just a little.....I use the RS for how many times I've fallen down for example when I type my memoars and musings in here I write the headline like RS 3 - day 31 which means 3'rd reset (fallen 3 times before that) and start over again... works a little for me also reminds me that I keep trying and that effort IS NOT IN VAIN - just like the "almost a year" sober...you had that's not in VAIN EITHER! Just remember that up on that horse again - and fight brave warrior!..You'll get there! :).
Sorry about the SO thing.  Super hard to keep our balance through a breakup.  Very glad you're ready to get back on the proverbial horse better wiser and stronger than before.
Our reactions aren't necessarily "correct" or useful sometimes. Time to dust yourself off and carry on!   
I am sorry for your personal struggle. A difficult breakup after 7 years is what actually got me to STOP. I needed to rethink and reenergize my life sober. Now after almost a year I see things so much more clearly. For me my relationship was a codependency on booze without even realizing it. I ran into my ex over the holidays and when he asked me about my not drinking replied that he could never do that. I like to have too much fun he said. All of my friends drink he said. So for me that cemented my resolve and will continue to help me recover. I hope that you can find some solace in this. It's heartbreaking I know and it is never easy. I still find myself sad. But not as sad as i would be if I was still drinking. Good luck to you. I won't be drinking with you today. 
I'm sorry for the situation with your SO that can be incredibly tough. Glad you are back here with us to start a whole new chapter. I won't drink with you today.
