-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s2584/not_everything_can_be_good_all_the_time/

But it's better than it was. ..I dunno. I've been in a funk all week and I'm realizing that it's cuz I'm slipping back into old patterns. Not like drinking patterns but that's not the point. It's more of this search for something that's going to make me feel good for a short amount of time like attention from the opposite sex. I have this false belief that I can find happiness outside of myself but I don't think that's actually the case because it sure as shit hasn't worked for me in the past and it's not working now. Imagine that...What does work is taking care of myself and finding meaning in my life and just being present. For some reason I've forgotten that so I'm writing this as a reminder to myself and to anyone else who's struggling right now. Not everything is great all the time. Stuff hurts but I know I can deal with it without escaping through alcohol...I'm sure plenty of you can relate so I just wanted to put this out there. I won't drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

"Pirates travelled world killing stealing and spreading fear just to find treasures without realizing that the treasures were inside them all along". ..Sorry just a good joke that I fucked up...I was an expert at looking outside for happiness and I thought beer would be it. It wasn't. Note is time for you and me to find what's inside of us that will make us happy. One year sober I still haven't found it.
&gt;I have this false belief that I can find happiness outside of myself but I don't think that's actually the case because it sure as shit hasn't worked for me in the past and it's not working now. Imagine that...I've been dealing with this too! Been in a total funk for a couple of days and didn't realize this was exactly the pinpoint of my issue. Thank you for sharing this...I won't drink with you today. &lt;3 
I cannot begin to say how strongly your post resonated with me.  My Achilles heel has always been an over reliance on external validation.  I often feel there's no there there for me (As Gertrude Stein once said about Oakland.) 
