-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s3oz7/day_2/

Hi all I've been lurking here for a few weeks and thought maybe it's time to share my story. I've had my struggles with alcohol well earlier than now I'm going on 24 just got married in June and moved in July to a new city for my first year as a teacher. Needless to say there's been a lot of change and I think that might have had some hand in my most recent struggles. Back after I got married I had a similar habit of drinking and hiding it from my partner. Eventually something clicked where I knew I needed to stop. So I did. Went cold turkey had maybe a day if feeling like shit but after that it was like a fog had been lifted over my mind. I started being more responsible with chores writing music again all sorts of positive things. Then it came time for the move. As exciting as it was the closer August came (start of the school year) the more my anxiety spiked. I had one night of binging before that day arrived but it was my last for a while. I managed to have a really good first month laying off the alcohol. After that my wife and I agreed I could have beer or wine at dinner since I never binged on those just drank them because they tasted good. And that worked for a while. But as I kept teaching and in a lot of ways failing at my job (maybe not I always hear that the first year is the hardest and you just need to survive it) I started drinking once a week then twice then three and you know how that goes. It all reached a head one night in early December when I got so drunk that I was irrationally talking about killing myself. I reached the chef's knife and my wife stopped me. We went to the hospital I got transfered to a detox program the next city over. I spent three days in the hospital working their program and getting on some anxiety/depression medication. But nothing really stuck I started up pretty soon after getting out again and managed somehow to find that "perfect" balance where I could drink every night and still be fine for work in the morning. Except I felt invincible and crossed that limit one too many times. My wife and I finally agreed that I needed to be somewhere else be a use it wasn't fair to make her go through all this. So now I'm here in a cheap extended stay hotel where I proceeded to self destruct and drink all day missing every day of school this week. My wife doesn't know my principal thinks I was out of town on "family business" my supervisor is trying to help though he's not really containing his dissatisfaction. So finally yesterday morning I decided I wouldn't drink that day partly because I literally couldn't keep anything down in my stomach. And I didn't so that was day 1. Now it's day 2 and I feel like absolute shit. I haven't eaten in probably the past 24 hours I can't water down. All I can do is lay here in bed trying to stave off the shaking and vomiting and the withdrawl symptoms. Yet oddly enough I still the my resolve e to not drink. It's kind of empowering knowing that I can and will get through this. The stories on this sub have been helpful in this decision so to everyone thank you. I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm very sorry to hear about your struggles friend.  I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for sharing the personal stories on here help me too. I wish you good health and I hope it comes soon. I've been slacking off big time at work all month. I know it'll all be fine/forgotten as soon as I start producing again so I'm just trying to look to the future and be positive. Not drinking definitely helps.
I'm right there with you. I started drinking more regularly and then every night my first year teaching. It only served to make things worse when I made it to school. I'm moving on year 3 and starting back at day 1 of not drinking. Even last week I missed a day because of it. Tired of who it makes me. I won't drink with you today. 
