-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s52ue/about_a_year_ago_my_fall_to_the_bottom_began/

On 02/02/16 I had a good job as a delivery driver a nice car that was about a year from being paid off and what I thought were good friends.  One of them was having a birthday party at the local bowling alley.  I went and we all had a good time we were all drinking.  I was doing my usual thing a shot of whiskey followed by a beer.  After about four or five of these I blacked out.  I came to in the middle of a field sobriety test on the side of the road.  I had been traveling about 5 mph and I got pulled over.  Got booked for DWI...I quickly fell into a state of desperation and panic.  I knew that I was going to lose my job and my license.  Turning to my friends for emotional support I quickly discovered that they suddenly didn't want to have much to do with me.  Calls went unanswered texts went unread.  I sat stewing in the poisonous swamp of my mind seeking some way to escape.  I turned to the bottle to numb the shame and guilt.  Started drinking just about every other night whiskey and beer until I blacked out.  ..I woke up each day with a hangover sometimes random injuries and anxiety of what I had maybe done the night before.  I knew that what I was doing wasn't acceptable that it wasn't going to solve my problems but a temporary relief and instant gratification was preferable to dealing with the reality of my situation.  Although during this time period I did make at least one good decision; I enrolled at a local technical school for electrician training...I decided that I needed to make the most of the time that I still had my job and my license.  I stepped up my hours at work and after my night class I would often go to a local bar and try to socialize and make some new friends maybe meet a girl who knows.  I would bounce around rather often there was no lack of choice where to go.  I sometimes would make a few aquaintences for the night sometimes I would hookup with a random girl but I always drank.  Whiskey followed by beer.  ..It didn't take long for this lifestyle to take its toll on me.  I barely slept started slacking off at work and drank more and more in order to feel drunk.  One night about four months later this delicate balance finally fell apart.  I got fired from my job over something small.  I felt good about it.  Getting fired and standing up for myself was preferable to having to quit in shame and tell my boss about my DWI.  Nevertheless I was still pretty upset that the inevitable finally happened.  I went out that night and did my usual dance.  ..I came to once again on the side of the road.  I had hit a parked car on the way home from the bar.  Totaled my car and some pretty severe damage to the truck I rammed.  Luckily no one was hurt or killed I still tell myself.  That made 2 DWIs four months apart from each other and I still hadn't even gone to trial for the first yet...And still I drank.  I didn't even care about anything anymore.  Well that's not exactly true; I still took school seriously and gave it my all every night.  I was establishing myself as one of the bright students in the class.  But outside of that I could care less about anything.  I just wanted to drink until I blacked out and hopefully I just wouldn't wake up again...But I kept waking up.  I went to my trials and lost my license for two years and got thousands in fines.  I got sentenced to over 200 hours of community service.  I have to attend two rehab sessions per week and one AA meeting per week in order to get my license back.  ..It hasn't been easy.  I relapsed in December starting skipping my rehab meetings and getting black out drunk again.  But on the 27th of December I made a promise to myself that I was done.  Finished waking up with random injuries sick and not sure what I did the night before.  Sick of spending 50 bucks a week on cheap alcohol.  Sick of disappointing my family.  ..So here I am 39 days sober and I just got back from an AA meeting when I had the urge to go get a bottle.  This subforum has also helped a lot reading testimonies here helps me not to feel alone and that I can power through this.  Just one day at a time.  ..Thanks for letting me share.
----------immediate responses--------

congrats on 39 days sober.
Glad you're with us.
Welcome!! This is a great friendly sub. You can do this.
You can do it. I'm not drinking with you tonight and sending a big hug :)
Thank you for sharing your story. It is very relatable. I don't have any dui's- that's a "yet" for me. I should have one though because I've gotten behind the wheel when I shouldn't have. ..It never fails to be ironic to me that all of the shit we get ourselves into at the hands of our alcoholism just makes us what to drink more. Crazy right? ..I've got 32 days sober today and I'll not drink with you tonight. 
Our stories are similar in some ways.  It took 3 DUI's for me to see the light.  I had several bad wrecks along the way.  Like you I had many good reasons to quit.  Best wishes in reaching out for the help you need to stop drinking.
Very sobering story if I can use the word...There is a spark in all of us. No matter how fucked up our life can be that spark is there. I can read that spark in your story. Taking school seriously and being good at it is that spark in action. Alcohol can't fucking put it off no matter how much we drank...Some people used that spark at 20 to build huge businesses. Some old drunks never used it. You and I used that spark to become sober. But it's still the same spark and it's still there. We now can use it to build the life we want to the best of our aptitudes...Hang on stay sober and do your best... only God things can come out of it!
That's awesome that you kept going through school.  Being an electrician (in the states) is a great career.   Not drinking with you today!
Keep fighting!!! Stay strong. 
Thank you for sharing with us! I am so glad you've been giving your all in school - that will pay off. It really hurt me to read that your "friends" weren't there for you in your time of need. You deserve better. Go after all that "better"! 
Congratulations man  keep up the sobriety! 
I know that feeling of wanting to black out not wake up. I keep waking up though. It must be a new goddamn day and another opportunity to be someone rather than waste myself.  
Thanks for sharing congrats on the 40 days sober..Something I've seen written often in this sub: "There is no problem so bad that alcohol won't make it worse". I guess it's true and that's why we call it a downwards spiral...One day at a time and I will not drink with you today.
I am just giving you an Internet hug....I'm a Mum and your story just made me want to hug you and say I am proud of what you are doing and how much you have changed your life you have done well you are not alone and you can and will get through this.  Thank you for sharing
Hey my twin :)   I can totally relate to waking up and having mysterious bruises on me looking like I went 10 rounds in a ring with the champ and waking up and not remembering how I got a single bruise on me ugh! But here's to us and another 40 days! We got this!!!!!
Thank you for posting this.  I will not drink with you today
Congratulations. I just recieved my second DWI. And feeling like there is no light. Keep thinking one day at a time. I have a quote. "We all are laying in the gutter. But some of us look at the stars."
Keep fighting the good fight! Thanks for sharing. 
