-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s875l/another_day_1_post_grateful_anxious_ready/

It's time to finally post. ..Long story short I'm 33 and been drinking for 18 years or so. Frequency and degree has come in waves over the years but one thing has always been consistent: I drink way way way too much (I'm insatiable. I have a feeling some of you may be familiar with the feeling) at least once a month usually twice a month and many times more. ..For the past 5 years or so I have been trying to curb my drinking a bit but I am finally ready to admit that I have failed. I have reduced the frequency - but the degree has not been reduced and as hard as I try it seems I simply cannot reduce it. ..So it's time to strop drinking. It scares the living shit out of me to even say it out loud but I have never even once 'openly' tried to quit drinking before and have always been exceptionally good about making sure those around me either don't realize I need help or know not to even try. My wife has been trying forever but I have worn her down by biting back hard every time claiming she is criticizing me and that her trying to help me is somehow her not loving me for who I am. That is complete bullshit and today I finally say it out loud. ..There is a hole inside myself that I am trying to fill with drinking. I am also self-medicating manic anxiety and borderline panic attacks that I consistently and knowingly mis-categorize (i.e. lie about) as being 'passionate energy for life'. No more.  ..I called a friend who got sober this year and talked to him for hours. I called another friend who is struggling with alcoholism. I broke down in tears (which I have never done once) in front of my wife and confessed to herself and frankly to myself that I am not as strong as I proclaim to be but I want to be stronger. I will be stronger. And it is OK to be vulnerable. ..I'm rambling now but in the spirit of my decision to finally put it all out there and be accountable for once I'm going to just let the post be exactly as it is - a stream of thought. ..I started browsing this subreddit a while back. It was like the rational side of myself that loves me most went online when I was looking and started seeking help. I'm glad I found it. Just reading all your posts alone has given me the confidence to finally own up. ..I'm starting with a 6-month promise. Not a drop until 8/5/2017. I have no idea if that approach is recommended or not but I feel very good about it. I will reevaluate in August. I am hoping I choose not to drink to be honest but I want to set realistic goals to give myself something to aim to so to speak. ..Thank you all and wish me luck. Today I won't drink with you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on "Deciding"!  That was my first step and was second in importance for me only to 'asking for some help and support'...I empathize with you and am sorry to hear about your struggles...You don't have to ever feel this way again...When I knew that I could stop for one day all I needed to be successful was some structure and support...I spoke to a counselor and that was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I went and found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and fellowship...I've never been happier!
Hi! I'm glad you're here! The thought of not drinking *forever* was a huge problem for me. I just didn't understand how that was going to be possible. I'm only 5 months in but something clicked and I can totally see it now... a lifetime free from booze sounds fantastic to me. ..The doctors also put some fear in me. Knowing the extent of the damage I've done to myself really woke me up. ..My husband tried to get me to sober up many times. He was gentle and kind about it. But I'd always blow up and head right to the bottle. It wasn't until my body said "no more!" That I finally admitted I had a problem. He's been such a great support your wife will be happy to help you all that she can. ..Good luck! Keep reaching out to your sober friend and us... it helps a lot! I won't drink with you today. 
Not drinking forever sounded so overwhelming to me at first. So I just decided to stop drinking today. And every day I woke up I decided the same thing. I have never regretted that decision as of yet. Some days are a struggle though and support is so helpful. Having people who understand your problem and can help walk you through the dark times. The best advice I ever got here is to have lots of tools in your tool box. Therapy meetings support book suggestions and most importantly activities to help you fill the void that you used to fill with alcohol. New stress relievers new hobbies new boredom killers new drinks new foods new places. Now I don't think about what I'm leaving behind....now I'm focusing on what I'm gaining!  We are here for you and rooting for you!  I won't drink with you today!  
Day 2 here. You're not alone...we can do this!
Personally I wouldn't set a "not drinking until date" i think it can trigger YES I did it... lets get smashed. I go day by day. Whatever works for you though. You can do this.
I'm going to be 33 in a couple weeks. Also been drinking since forever. I quit the first time a year and a half ago. Made it 8 months before drinking seemed like a good idea. I remember how proud I was that I could moderate this time. But I slowly but surely went back to my old ways. I gained back the 50lbs I was so happy about losing. Purple nose came back constant exhaustion and hungover every day. Turned back into the shitty husband I was. .Recently I just sort of cracked. I realized that drinking will never be worth it. I wish I could go back to my first day 1 and tell myself just one day at a time and not to take every sober moment for granted. 
