-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5s8sv6/1_day_sober_1_day_hungover/

Dear r/stopdrinking I am sober...First of all I have made a new account to use this sub to keep it separate from the rest of my activities on the site. I think this will help me be more open and honest because I know I won't be able to be identified. ..I got drunk on Friday night again. I have been struggling with alcohol since I was a teen. My father was an alcoholic and drug user my brother is a drug addict and is serving a prison sentence and at least 2 of my grandfathers had substance abuse issues. For those reasons alone I am at risk of alcoholism. I have tried therapy but it always seems to come down to the conclusion that I can either drink to excess or not drink at all there is no middle ground for me I can control it for a while but eventually it always starts to consume me. ..I've got really into reddit communities in the last 2 years or so so I thought posting here might be useful. My life is a bit of a mess at the minute I'm in the middle of a breakup forcing the sale of my house I am socially quite isolated (probably as a result of the first part) my diet is mostly crap I will have to give up my dog.....In the next few months I will more than likely be going from home ownership (at least with a mortgage) to living in a rented room and I know that my pattern will be to sit and get drunk every night and I'm not prepared to do that this time. ..I have quit previously for over 2 years but was lead back into drinking by my (now) ex partner. I want to go back to the person I used to be. I might blog about quitting and adjusting to a new life living alone I wonder if anyone would like to read that sort of thing? All the advice out there for adjusting to living alone is aimed at kids leaving home or women leaving men there's not much out there that I can find for guys having to start over. ..I would define myself as a binge alcoholic I hold a job and function but I am incapable of controlling my drinking I can't just have one or two drinks and stop if I have 1 I will have 2 then 3 until the bar closes or I run out of booze.  I know these things and yet I keep trying to control it and rarely do that with any success...TLDR: I am a drinker but I am done with drinking. Here to support and be supported. Thanks guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

I remember the one day sober feeling.  It's a rough day but its where it all starts.  You can do it!
I am new in my sobriety. I have made a habit of marking an X on the calendar each day I am sober. I had a gap of X's recently on the calendar but am back to marking X's. I have a small sense of pride every time I mark an X. It's a small source of motivation but that along with this reddit helps keep me motivated toward sobriety. Keep hanging in there. I'll not drink with you today.
There are reminders everywhere as to why we shouldn't drink. Taking them to heart when the urge to drink is raging is the difficult part for me
