-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sb2yr/im_going_to_the_doctor_tomorrow_and_im_terrified/

I'm 31 years old drinking since I was 21. Heavily the past five or six years. Typically I have about 400 to 500 mL of scotch a night before bed. I've never experienced any symptoms that would suggest long-term or permanent damage until recently (and I've learned that it's not uncommon to skate for years without signs). ..Long story short I began experiencing ankle swelling pitting edema a couple-few months ago. I was on a new diet to lose weight low carb and figured I was eating too much sodium. Next it was the bloating in my stomach in spite of my diet - I even got stretch marks...Broken blood vessels on the bridge of my nose but I've gone from cold to cold and was rubbing my nose a lot. Recently I noticed a yellowish tinge to my eyes. It was only when I Googled all this stuff together... You know. It looks really really not good...I told my wife and set up a doctor appointment as early as I could get in. Wife feels like I've betrayed her and my two and a half year old son and she's not wrong. Also she's Googling all my symptoms and so she's horrified. ..Lots more to tell about my struggles with depression and anxiety therapy I've been in groups I've attended to try cutting back. But for now I'm going to the doctor tomorrow and I know I might not learn much till I take some tests... ..But I'm scared of how bad off I might be.
----------immediate responses--------

I was honest with my doctor about how much I was drinking. I too struggle with depression anxiety and ADHD. Detox and rehab along with AA not only saved my life but taught me how to have a happy one without alcohol. 
I can only say that it would be more scary if you weren't going to the doctors tomorrow. You need those tests so make sure you get them. I have drank heavily every night for 20 years 85 days ago I had a liver function test and got a call from doc because my liver enzymes were raised. Previous to that I'd had ankle swelling but I was also over weight which can cause a fatty liver in itself (my poor body) BUT fast forward to now 84 days sober 30lbs lighter and new liver function now normal. ..My scare has saved my life I'm absolutely sure yours is going to do the same thing. 
As u/SOmuch2learn conveys I was honest with my doc...That started me on a path to healing!
I'm glad to hear that you are going to the doctor. I will keep you in my thoughts and hope to hear some positive news in your next post. Best of luck hang in there! We're here for you :).
[removed]
Best of luck at the doctor's. I hope it's just the wake-up call we all need to make the better choices in life. I'll be thinking of you and keeping my fingers crossed. xx
I had yellow eyes too. I did have alcoholic hepatitis and was hospitalized for 8 days. It sucked really bad but I came out the other end and I'm doing great now! ..Hope your doctor has good news for you. Sobriety isn't easy but it's doable and totally worth it. Good luck! I won't drink with you. 
