-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sey9i/so_close_to_the_cigar/

Greetings from the land of anticipation. In 9 days I will have reached my latest goal in sobriety. It will be 100 days since my last taste of that toxic box o' wine...Firstly I'll be heading to Florida to spend a week with my husband and finding the perfect barn for my horse. So that's cool cause it's only 19 degrees here. During that time we'll celebrate Valentines Day (meh) and my daily orbital centenary mark. He can pick what we do on VD (I'm pretty sure it's gonna involve sex) but I'm choosing the events for my extraordinary anniversary. I've decided on a picnic on the south end of Siesta Key to watch the sun set. That I'll share with my husband (so nice of me don't you think?). But this is all about me. Said husband has been gone since early November to spend life in warmer climes due to health reasons and I quit drinking shortly after he left. (Yeah yeah some other time.)..I have decided to take myself to a little place called Treeumph. They have a myriad of zip lines and obstacle courses high in the sky. I'm gonna zip and climb and struggle and laugh! I'll emit primal guttural unworldly howls of joy! I'll make a complete and total fool of myself and scoff at the disparaging crowds! I'll thank the universe for having found SD...The lessons learned that have brought me the most happiness are those of acceptance. Without these I could not forgive I could not be me. I was so afraid of losing myself in sobriety but instead I've discovered that I truly am all of those wonderful things I just thought I was when I was drunk. I'm funny creative compassionate intelligent and purposeful...I want to celebrate with all of the people here who've helped to make this possible. (God this sounds like an acceptance speech where's my gown?) Were it not for you and your compassionate support I would still be gazing into the mirror of deception drunk or sober. There is so much more to life than not drinking. Smart has given me the path to see the world...I'm musing on this because I have three days to spazz before I fly off. I mean my god I've gotta shave my legs! Pack! Unpack! Pack! Do 5000 crunches! Butt exercises! The list is endless and fun...This site and the people in it mean the world to me because through you I'm doing the most important thing I've ever accomplished in my life. Thank you. Place heart emjoi here.... (friggin' technology!)..Trickie 
----------immediate responses--------

I am headed to Florida too in a week. Now that I know about Treeumph I will have to try it. I have been dying to zip line! Massive congratulations on 100 days!
hey! i live in sarasota! enjoy your trip.
I totally support you in celebrating yourself!  That sounds AWESOME.  That kind of self-love I think is critical to sustained sobriety.  It's certainly a reason I've wanted to keep going.  I deserve a beautiful life dammit!  And booze is the wrong direction.   So an early congrats on your upcoming triple digits and get your WILD on!!
Sarasota sober guy here!  Lots of awesome activities to do while you are down here.  Have fun!
I love the zip line plan.  I am thinking of doing that for my birthday in a few months.  And your sunset picnic sounds fabulous!  You are an inspiration.  I think I'll plan a 6 month sober holiday for myself at a nearby hot spring resort.  I used to not like going there because they don't allow alcohol there at all.  Haha. ..Let us know how the trip goes. Enjoy!
