-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sgb6b/today_is_bob_marleys_birthday_it_is_also_my_6th/

My last drink was the first quarter of the Super Bowl (the one the Packers won). ..I arrived at rehab the next day. My second go round. My first stint was in the 90's yet I had plans of relapsing then I didn't know how soon. ..In the time between was episode after episode of slapstick mean-spiritedness pity parties and hardcore dysfunctionality...My inpatient counselor first showed me the idea that this (using) is about choice. Whether we make it consciously or not. There's a need to leave the emotion at the door and try to think rationally. But this takes practice. I still couldn't grasp this concept...My assigned therapist who I still see recommended me The Power of Now by Tolle. That jump started me in my shift in perspective of the way I was living my life...After countless (Daily- once or twice a day) AA meetings I had a sponsor but I didn't really connect with him. So I switched with someone else who after listening to him speak sounds like Yoda. Succinct and soft-spoken...Currently I'm in massive debt people hanging on to my past from my past living paycheck to paycheck started school all over again. I may joke around with falling off the wagon with my old drinking buddies (some who've recently passed away because they didn't stop) but internally I know the personal ramifications. ..I had a lot lost a lot reacquired some while drinking. ..But I wouldn't trade the BMW and other stuff I had for this life I have now. Paying attention to things I was numb to by using...I see it as waste of time however I can not regret it as that way of life showed me a set of survival skills...Now I apply that energy to hopefully a more positive product. ..I have few friends left and I pretty much hang out by myself as I'm trying to finish off this degree I'm working on...It's lonely at the top but the view is compelling...Thanks for letting me share...
----------immediate responses--------

We jammin'. Neither can be bought or sold.
Eckhart Tolle saved me! There are videos on YouTube it's been the most helpful tool for me.
Wow!  Congratulations on Six Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Nicely done!.
