-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sk2mk/my_story_and_where_i_am_today/

My first drink happened when I was 12 and it turned into a drunk...On my 14th birthday I "only had enough booze for me" so I alternated taking shots of vodka and chugging warm beer til I threw up and my friends had to take care of me...When I was 16 I moved out on my own because my parents wouldn't let me drink.  I obviously knew more than them so I moved out so I could drunk any time I wanted to...When I was 18 I spent the whole year drunk no day excluded. ..When I was 19 I learned to love drinking alone. I'd steal my roommates booze and blame it on the neighbours. ..At 20 I began hiding the pre drinks and after parties...At 21 I was in a mental institution because I drank myself to attempted suicide. ..At 22 I started trying to sober up. A week here a week there. But if I wasn't actively trying to be sober I was in a blackout...At 23 I physically fought my mom in front of all our friends because she said I was too drunk...At 24 I repeatedly stabbed my boyfriend because he tried to take my drink...At 25 I slept in after a night out and lost my job. I was too drunk to drive (even by my standards) at 10am to Christmas dinner. The cab driver from the night before was in my bed. My house was literally piled with garbage...Why that day? Compared to the rest why was *that* my rock bottom? Not the suicide attempt not the arrests not the loss of friends... It was just a day. Just a normal day. But that was why. It wasn't some *rare* event that day. That was my life. Too hung over to get to work too drunk the night before to know why the cab driver was in my bed too drunk that morning to celebrate Christmas. ..I get annoyed when people say "they wish they stopped when I did". It makes me... competitive. Should I go dig further for you then? ..But today I woke up happy. I cried when a girl in AA said beautiful things about me. I was able to calm a dangerous internal struggle with prayer and meditation today. I am thankful for my sobriety. ..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.  Just wow.  You inspire me.  
I will not drink with you today !!
Thanks for sharing your story I will happily not drink with you today :D
Extremely powerful story from a extremely powerful person. Thank you for sharing. I am going to tap into some of your strength and not drink with you today. 
That's a list alright but it doesn't have to grow any more.  Congrats on over one month sober!  I will not drink with you today.
I admire your strength. Thank you for sharing your story.
Thank you for sharing this I am not drinking with you today! 
You will succeed in life. I am glad you are here and will not drink with you today.
Amazing.  Thank you for sharing.  I will not drink with you today.
Great story thanks for sharing. :)
Your post is very inspiring. Thank you for sharing it! I will not drink with you today!
wow.  very touching story.  thank you for sharing and congrats on your sobriety!  i won't drink with you today!
I hope to keep hearing from you.  AA's given me my life back.
&gt; I get annoyed when people say "they wish they stopped when I did". It makes me... competitive. Should I go dig further for you then?..Lol who says that? Your horror story is up there with the best of them. 
So proud of you. Your story is inspiring. Thank you for sharing.
I will not drink with you today!
Send me some of your strength my dear!
Thank you for your honesty and sharing of experiences. You are a strong soul. I won't be drinking with you today. Good luck you can do this!
