-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5skvvu/100_days_thanks/

100 seems like a nice round number to celebrate but at this point in my sobriety it very much feels like just another day in a good way.  Each 24 hour period is a bit of a surprise...Some are easy some are tough.  Sometimes it's my brain causing the struggle.  Actually it's all how my brain reacts...Nobody has tempted me to start drinking only my brain has.  And for 100 days my brain has in the end quietly said "no."..It now feels very normal not to drink but I do not lose my vigilance.  I'm still reading a lot here reading books reading addiction blogs.  I'm going to therapy today.  I've lost 30 pounds.  I'm stronger and feel clearer and smarter.  I'm more honest and more thoughtful and much less likely to get angry.  Life did not automatically become full of unicorns and roses but at least it is LIFE not a hazy stumble at the bottom of a bottle.  ..So no point except to express a few thoughts and again say thank you to everyone on this sub.  Every word has helped from long timers to people on day 1 to relapsers.  I am sending every one of you positive thoughts and thanks from the bottom of my heart.  I will not drink with you today...EDIT: All of you are the greatest.  So many kind words I am proud and humbled at the same time to be part of such a beautiful group of people.  Sending you all positive thoughts!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!! 100 days is such a nice round hard-earned number. I'm so happy for you!..And I will join you not drinking today!
Congrats on triple digits! And congrats on the weight loss that's awesome!
Congrats on 100 days! I raise my coffee to you cheers to living life!
oh baby a triple!!
Congrats on 100!! that's my next big goal I appreciate the post and your sharing how it is for you. Not drinking with you today!
As another 100 day-er this sounds like I could have written it myself. (Well I haven't lost 30 pounds but I have lost 13 pounds!) I've found it makes a huge difference in my mood to come here and to keep grounded in the positive thoughts - to stay vigilant. Staying sober has become more than just "not drinking." ..Thank you for all of your posts and comments too!
Congrats on Day 100!!!   
Congratulations! That's a huge accomplishment! 
Woo hoo! Congratulations all around!
Congratulations on your 100 days!  I'm right behind you and totally agree with everything you wrote my experience has been the same so far.  I will not drink with you today!
Congrats!
Sounds like a nice healthy slow and steady rise to sobriety.  Well done and congrats!
Yes!! Very positive. 5 more days for me and this just brightened my day. Keep it up! I will not drink with you today. 
C O N G R A T U L A T I O N S  ON 100 beautiful days!
&gt;  I'm more honest and more thoughtful and much less likely to get angry. Life did not automatically become full of unicorns and roses but at least it is LIFE not a hazy stumble at the bottom of a bottle. ..This is what I hope for myself.  Progress can seem slow but I suspect it's cumulative.  Piece by piece day by day.
