-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5sqhv6/how_would_you_handle_this/

Since I stopped drinking (and before stopping honestly) I've often thought about how I would try to prevent my child from making the same mistake as their Dad.  I come from a good loving family but there is addiction on both sides.  It did not effect my parents but many of my aunts and uncles struggle with some level of addiction to their substances of choice.  My parents did their best to try to warn me about the dangers of alcohol and drugs considering my genetic predisposition to addiction.  I should have heeded their advice but did not.  What can I do differently for my young children as they grow up and start to encounter the peer pressure and temptation?  Has anyone else had this same concern?
----------immediate responses--------

Good question.  Tough one
For me I think my family was full of secrets. My plan is to allow our kids to talk to us as much as possible. I don't feel like scaring them with sharing what happened to me or talking about the genetic risks. My husband and I plan on just talking being present and hoping our behaviours and habits will help limit their exposure to drugs and alcohol...I think lots of parents try to keep their kids super busy but I've seen that backfire. ..There is a lot of information out there on preventing substance abuse. [A huge wealth of research is here](https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/preventing-drug-use-among-children-adolescents-in-brief)
TLDR: No answer but maybe insight. ..After reading many articles about the topic it's really hard to define a teaching style that would work 100% of the time...Strictly prohibit alcohol? The child may want to imbibe in the allure that is the "forbidden fruit"...Teach that alcohol is okay when used in moderation and under safe circumstances? You have to strictly define moderation and those circumstances...Above all don't be the parent that provides alcohol whenever the child wants while claiming it's a "safe place" for them to consume. A beer every once in a while with dinner may be okay for an older teenager but allowing a social gathering while providing alcohol likely leads to alcohol-related problems in young adults. 
My Dad gave me the speech that "it runs in the family" so "be careful with it." It didn't sink in and I had to learn for myself I guess. He did mention once that he wished he would have stressed the seriousness of the situation more though. He doesn't drink anymore and I never remember him being drunk. I guess leading by example is probably the most powerful way to teach.
I'm not sure anyone can prevent someone from doing anything.  But I do believe that being a good example and continuously demonstrating those examples and good habits can go a long long way.  Those are people to look up to and try to be like.
They can't learn from our mistakes just as we couldnt learn from our parents' mistakes. The best I think we can do is model good behavior and help them in appropriate ways when they have troubles. 
