-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5svq6i/having_a_rough_time/

It's been a while since i posted here. 95 days sober and hopefull counting it's always hard for me after the thrid month yesterday i almost relapse. I have been without a job for almost a month i'm looking but nobody is calling back. .I tend to be really depressed for time to time yestarday I almost cry for no reason at all and wanted to drink "just one" but i know that's impossible for me. I took a long walk and happend to ran into an ex drug dealer of mine almost lose my shit i was thinking i have some money here and there I can do some coke and a couple of bottles of rum. Luckly i was with headphones and just walk away while she was trying to get my attention. .I'm 26 years old i have a lot ahead of me i want to do some stuff with my life but this cravings are really fucking awful sometimes. Maybe I just gonna smoke a cigarette and chill. I can't keep realapsing but i'm fucking tired of hanging on sobriety when i know that eventually i'm going to relapse and probably end up dead. .I need to find a job to go to therapy. .Thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

Hey!.I'm ahead of you a year in age and 5 days in sobriety. Do you know how proud I am of you and of US that we've made it this far in our sober journey...You're in some tough times right now but relapsing will not make anything better for you I promise. ..Keep plugging away at finding a job and try not to be discouraged it's hard getting out into the job market. ..I wish you luck and please keep coming back to SD and keep up your long walks with music in your ears. It kept me going in the beginning and still does aamof.
I am having a rough time too...let's hang in there together. I will not drink with you today :)
I use an online therapy service (Talkspace) which is quite a bit cheaper than traditional models - just wanted to throw that out there. ..I'm sorry you are having a rough time.  Hang in there hugs!
