-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5swwkr/3_weeks_no_cigs_day_two_no_alcohol/

Just stumbled on this and joined Reddit for the first time in order to join this group...Triumph: Have not smoked cigarettes in three weeks; then surprise woke up yesterday thinking "I'm able to not drink today." Wasn't consciously planning to go longer than 1 day without alcohol but by bedtime felt strong and happy and free. Thought "let's keep this going!!!"  Today of course as 5pm approaches I can feel my body kind of panicking "where's my alcohol??" Husband just went to pick up pizza and we will watch The Empire Strikes Back. I can do this today. I will not give away my own power today. Thank you for not drinking with me today...Struggle: Staying strong when I don't feel strong. BUT I am learning to care for myself which means leaving my 'covert abuser' aka alcohol. (Like one of those relationships where the person seems great at first but then they turn on you yet you can't seem to leave them.)..General: Extremely grateful that this community exists and that I found it when I did.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. Quitting 2 vices in 2 weeks is a lot.  good luck.  I quit 30 yrs cig habit 6-9-15.  Was up to 2 packs at end cause I worked at home.  Enough.  Just added dump the wine to the mix.  I won't drink or smoke with you today.
Alcohol is like the dark side.  Resist!  :).I will not drink (or smoke) with you today.
i quit smoking july 15th. i'm still struggling with staying off the booze. quitting smoking has given me a glimmer of hope that if i can quit smoking i can do anything - eventually i will get to where i can stay sober. these things go hand in hand for me and in my case i think to truly quit doing one it means quitting both. pizza and star wars now that's truly a winning combination! i think it really helps to find fun things you really enjoy to occupy your time at first even if you have to indulge do it. i made it 60 days alcohol free and am just now 5 days in after a relapse period - i won't drink with you today! :)
I know that must've been painful to give up cigarettes. I tried so hard and the only thing that worked for me was vaping. Anyone who can quit cigarettes cold turkey is a strong-willed individual in my eyes...Glad you could make it to the group and I will not drink with you today my fellow Earthican :P
