-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t009c/seeing_someone_in_the_struggle/

A friend here in Stockholm has an alcohol problem. Or I think she does. Clearly drinks too much and happily admits to drink to cope with the problems that from my point of view she's created from drinking too much.  ..I see it most days and I don't know if it's my place to say something about it. Are interventions encouraged or does everyone have to reach this point on their own? ..From my point of view I dropped a lot of friends before I dropped the drink and nobody was ever able to tell me to stop. If it didn't work on me I suspect it wouldn't work on her. I don't know stopdrinking what do you think?
----------immediate responses--------

I had a friend tell me I drank too much back in 2008 I stopped for about 3months and just started drinking again because I wasn't ready. I needed to come to the realization myself...Maybe telling this person might make them reflect which can't hurt though. 
I've found just being a model of sober behavior is best until someone asks specifically for help. I make sure people know I don't drink and that alone will prompt inquiries which in earlier days I abhorred but now welcome. ..You might do a generic "Are you okay?" and see what she offers. But as we all know no one is going to really be able to quit until they are ready.  When she's ready you'll be there to offer a hand.
it is so hard now to see people i know are struggling behind that false bravado of being fine. it makes me sad. but i know that no one would have been able to persuade me to change. i had to do that myself. nothing wrong with planting those seeds though. be a shining example of actually enjoying all the things sobriety provides.
I had two people talk to me about my drinking and while neither was effective (I needed to bottom out apparently) it did make it cross my mind more often...My therapist was empathetic and addressed it like "this is something to keep an eye on and I can help if/when you're ready" the other was pretty bitchy and judgemental.  I don't blame her at all but it was a highly ineffective tactic for me and just made me hide it more.
Plant a seed! 
