-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t4kmy/im_scared/

I'm so freaking scared.. Within my 30 days of sobriety all of my medical stuff cleared up but my relapse brought it all back. .The tinnitus the red hands and itchy palms right side pain the pai in my calves that have me convinced I have blood clots - I'm a fucking mess. Today at work I had an anxiety attack so bad they almost sent me to the ER. Guys - I am so fucking scared.. I am so scared I have hurt my body beyond repair even though I've had a liver ultrasound a month ago and there was no fibrosis present. I just want to be healthy happy and free. .I will not drink today. Drinking can't help anything. .
----------immediate responses--------

I've been struggling lately.  Cravings questioning etc...Thank you for this.
I feel for you. When I saw that I was well and truly done with drinking I decided that I should be willing to give anything an honest try to get better. For me that meant inpatient followed by therapy and AA with a genuine willingness to grow and change in sobriety. If you had told me three years ago that I'd be a happy member of AA I would have laughed in your face. It turns out that everything I thought I knew about AA was dead wrong. Funny how desperation can change your perspective on things. Take care. 
A major symptom of my alcoholism was also hypochondria! I would drive myself mad googling symptoms convinced that I had months to live and that my liver was on the verge of failure. I mean these concerns are valid when you overindulge the way I was but I took it to the next several levels up. Once the alcohol left my system and I started taking care of myself it turned out that that symptom disappeared as well. Take care! And go see a doc to set your mind at ease. Multi-B vitamins were great for me in the early days as well as C-NAC and milk thistle supplements. Lots of good fluids too.
You're definitely correct... drinking won't help anything! ..When I have relapsed and been worried about my health I have attempted to remind myself that what is done is done. Beating myself up over it isn't going to help anything. All that truly mattered is what I did next whether it was not drinking that day or making sure I got to the doctor. 
