-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t6j3o/what_do_you_drink/

Let me start by saying I only have one day up. I can get a month or two at a time but I continue to relapse. That's not the point of this post but I thought honesty would be the best way to begin...I find it alot easier not to drink alcohol by drinking something else. It helps me get over the habit of getting home and opening a drink and when that drink runs out opening another. My go to is ginger beer but the sugar gives me worse hangovers than the booze...What do you drink to fill the gap?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been living on "fridge water" - gallons of it. I've found that good meals (avoiding hunger) keeping caffeine to the early morning and keeping sugar to a minimum have been best for my moods.  Were I to stock up on a beverage it would be supermarket seltzer cans.
1/3 apple juice 2/3 sparkling water. Drinking tons of it :)
Half-decaf coffee tons of herbal tea unsweetened iced tea with slices of orange water with lemon.
Sparkwater with MIO drops!  All kinds of flavors include electrolytes and vitamins and some have caffeine...I have a 'carbonator' at home and it's a lot of fun to make my own bubbly beverages.
Mainly sparkling water sometimes with a splash of lime cordial.Tonic water.Teas go to is peppermint or lemon and ginger at the moment.The occasional alcohol free beer some are ok with it some are not. I'm fine doesn't spark off any urges.
Coffee in the morning 2 liters of Yerba mate/milk thistle/dandelion tea and plain water throughout the day decaf coffee or decaf tea in the evening sparkling la croix water in the evening take a liter of regular water to bed.
Loads and loads of sparkling water. 1 Coke if I'm dying for sugar. .Tea. ..I've not drank tea for 20 years. Now I drink tea. WTF.
Zevia ginger ale - no sugar or sweetener and it tastes pretty good.
Lots of choices here I'm early into it but drink soda water some lime and couple of ice cubes..All the best with your options.I won't drink with you tonight! 
Water and a daily Mountain Dew Kickstart. 
coffee chai tea tropical green tea soda water with lime or lemon and hot chocolate with marshmallows for a treat. i hope it gets warm soon and though so i have to find a new treat :) frozen juice sounds like it would be good during the summer.
Club soda is the best substitute for alcohol for me. If I go to a bar I will drink Virgin Marys. Somehow these are still "adult beverages."
ORANGE CRUSH! 
H2O Coffee and every once in awhile a San Pellegrino with dinner.
milk coffee water soda water green tea 
Mostly diet soda. Recently coffee. Oddly enough I never drank coffee until I got sober. Now I rely on it when I get a craving. I'm not sure why. 
