-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5t8yck/how_long_will_relapse_dreams_last/

hey r/stopdrinking ..I'm a little concerned over the relapse dreams I've been having; they're not every night but they're pretty consistent every few days or week or so. ..Usually the dreams are weird as hell like my family is telling me to stop going to AA meetings or someone is pouring me a glass of wine and telling me if I had willpower I could handle it. The funny thing is I have no desire to drink in real life and I usually wake up with a big relief as soon as the pit of imagined relapse has passed. ..Is this all self-delusion and I'm really on the road to relapse? Is it just my mind coming to terms with sobriety? Does it have anything to do with my "replacement addictions" i.e. cigarettes coffee herbal tea fast food...lol. ..Just kinda bummed that these are still happening 3+ months after cleaning up my act. The weird thing is I don't really get smoking weed relapse dreams it's usually always confined to alcohol. ..Any similar experiences? Advice? .:D 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know.  I just had one last night myself.  I don't have them often but probably about once a month.  I think it's just the subconscious processing the fact that I don't drink anymore.  My guess is that I'll have them less and less frequently but that they will never stop.  I mean every five years or so I'll have a dream about an ex boyfriend that I haven't seen in 18 years so who knows?  I just don't give the drinking dreams any more value than I give the dreams where some guy I don't know or love anymore pops into my head.   ..
Last night I had my first dream where alcohol made an appearance.  A beer was offered and refused.  ..I'm of a mind that dreams randomly are about things that are dominating your headspace.  For me it's usually symbolic.  For example when my anxiety is particularly high regarding something specific I dream that (a) I get laid off from work or (b) I am back at high school arguing with administrators that they are keeping me there unfairly. ..But sometimes they're rather literal.  Like last night's dream.  I am new to sobriety and while I feel no cravings in awake life I'm in a constant state of "what if I get one - will I be strong enough?"  So that emboldened and italicized pattern of thinking wove its way into the dream part of my brain (I'm not a neuroscientist by the way)...Anyhow I'm not one read too much into it or think dreams reveal secret desires or anything.  But what do I know?
I had my first two or three nights ago. Weird! 
I had one about 3 weeks ago. Some people said theirs didn't't start till after a year sober and still had them once in awhile.   
Was getting these dreams VERY frequently when I first stopped drinking. I still get them occasionally now but definitely not as often and now they seem a little less clear/intense. Congrats on 105 days!! 
I just had one last night.  In it I was pouring a second shot when I realized I don't drink anymore and then I realized that I had already had a drink and would need to reset my badge here.  I woke up with my heart pounding.  I know I had this dream because last night I commented on someone's post about resetting their badge.  I would suggest that your dreams are a direct result of focusing on sobriety when awake and its importance to you.  
