-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tke91/i_thought_i_lost_my_phone_today/

When I got home from my OP group meeting I realized that I did not have my phone.  I knew that I had brought it to the meeting because I looked at it during break.  But it was on silent so I couldnt call it.  I searched my house up and down for it with no luck.  I had just bought that damn thing a month ago.  Now I was gonna have to wait til Monday when the clinic opened back up to see if I left it there which means I will be thinking about it all day tomorrow.  ..How could I be so stupid and careless?  I havent done something like this since I was drinking.  Drinking...yeah that will get me through the weekend til Monday.  After all I still do stupid stuff like lose my phone when Im sober so whats the fucking difference?  I stopped my train of thought about there.  I needed to just calm down for a few minutes before I make any rash decisions...So about half hour later I decided to make some lunch.  So I open the silverware drawer and...there it is.  My phone.  I laughed out loud with joy and at myself for freaking out so hard I nearly relapsed.  That was a harsh reminder that at 46 days in I still dont have this thing beat and Im not sure I ever will.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you found your phone and yeah that sneaky brain can turn just about anything into an excuse to drink. I'm glad you got through that one. If it's any help I had brain fog bad intermittently between 2-4 months. I even drove the 30 plus minutes to work without my laptop one morning. It sucked but it eventually went away and now I only space out my normal amount anymore :)
A great reminder of the aphorism "There's nothing that alcohol can't make worse"...My mind used to tell me all sorts of lies and whisper justifications about 'why a glass of wine is what's needed here'.  However there was no truth in the lie and no connection with the situation...That voice finally died from abandonment.  It withered up and the breeze carried it like dust in the wind...The phone would be wherever it was with ir without alcohol...Great Job!
I got something for you to have a good laugh!..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb_mCm4zLuk..I instantly thought about this haha :D
