-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tlwq7/the_universe_works_in_mysterious_ways/

I relapsed last night after almost two weeks sobriety.  I had been doing well and hadn't been to a bar in almost three weeks. Last night I decided to meet my friends at a bar to watch the Warriors game. Not a problem I didn't order any drinks I was doing well. ..I went to use the bathroom and upon returning I ran into my ex girlfriend. I haven't seen her in 8 months and haven't talked to her since the breakup which was not pretty. She also has bad anxiety and her attacks are often triggered by me just texting her much less seeing her. ..The fact that I saw her is incredibly surprising because she doesn't go to my school. She lives hours away and just happened to be visiting the one night I decided to go out to a bar. ..I panicked and ran out of the bar but she had already seen me. I felt guilty and I felt like shit. I walked next door to another bar opened a tab and began pounding drinks. The night ended with me stopping at the liquor store getting two bottles and brown bagging them my whole walk home. I woke up this morning feeling like garbage and full of shame. ..Last night really put me to the test and I failed miserably. Back to day one. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.  
I'm sorry man. Welcome back.
I prefer to think of situations like that not so much as failures but as an opportunity to learn to do something different...What would you do differently if something like it happened in a month?
Not a waste if you learn from it. Good luck brotha I'm trying with you. Assuming your pretty young since you mentioned school. I'm 20 love watching basketball and football and love going out. Our lifestyles sometimes revolve around drinking and i don't know about you but I'm a frequent binge drinker which makes most social situations potentially dangerous if I black out. But making this change is possible and we can prevail. Good luck man I'm not going to drink with you. 
