-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tlyse/relapsed_last_night/

Just submitted my badge reset and I am back to day one today. This was my first sincere attempt at quitting drinking and I'm not really mad at myself because I did learn some things...Last night I wasn't really psychically "craving" a drink but the idea that I can't drink ever again became so overwhelming. I know "one day at a time" but my brain was like "yea yea you know that means forever though". It was a calm and collected decision since I had to go to the grocery store to brace for the approaching snowstorm in New England. There happens to be a packy right next door. So I bought 2 bottles of wine. One for last night and one for the storm today...Last night I drank one bottle to the face. Here's what I noticed; It tasted gross. I started out slow but the more I drank the more I didn't care how much I was drinking hence the bottle to the face. I didn't enjoy the buzz. I felt numb and dumb not in control and wished I was experiencing that evening sober. I actually didn't like that I couldn't feel my emotions properly. Like the real me was veiled. I could not stop at a couple drinks I had to keep going and was sad when I finished the bottle wanting more. Same old same old. It wasn't fun like it used to be when I first started drinking. I thought maybe abstaining for that long would change that but I basically picked up where I left off 33 days ago. I felt myself getting bloated on liquid sugar and was also stuffing my face with unhealthy snacks because I was too drunk to care. This morning I woke up with a headache dehydrated and had an upset stomach. Thinking about that extra bottle I saved for today almost made me gag. I'm going to leave it for my roommates. If I feel tempted I'll dump it. ..In a way I'm glad I had this experience because part of me was really missing my best friend alcohol and when I went back to it it was not what I hoped it would be. It was disappointing and made me feel uncomfortable in the moment and like shit the next day. There were literally 0 positives that came from that experience. It was not even a little worth it but I learned something. Back to day one. Much love to you all!
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I found literally not positives too.  And yet kept relapsing.  Well today I am not drinking with you.
I'm sorry about your reset but thank you for posting this. I have a tendency to romanticize checking out sometimes and I appreciate posts like this reminding me that it's not as wonderful as my memory tricks me into believing it is. So glad you're back and I won't drink with you today!  
Thanks for this. ..It helps me remember what is on the other side without going to have a look there myself. ..Lately I've been thinking about drinking again "You've spent enough time sober." "You aren't really doing this forever?" thoughts creeping in my mind...I like to think that my slip ups or reversions to old bad behaviors aren't failures. Yes I screwed up one day. But rather than focus on that I try to focus on all the days before that when I didn't screw up. It's nice to take a second even when I make a mistake to see the progress that I've made...All the best to you...I won't drink with you today.
I'll start over with you there really is nothing positive coming out of it. It's just convenient to forget sometimes hopefully not this time.
Drinks lots of water today and get back where you were . I had alot of relapses before I finally got it right.
I reset today as well my friend. I'm taking a different approach this time. I went to the doctor and got some Naltrexone I was reading about. I won't drink with you today.
I had a similar experience this weekend- I thought it was just downright boring! I had to reset my badge at almost 40 days. .I think what I'm coming to terms with is that I just really don't like drinking anymore. I had 90+ days of sobriety last year- I'll keep pushing on- here's to day one- I will not drink with you today my friend! 
Thanks for sharing. Fellow New Englander facing the storms. I really like how you told the story of how it happened and how it felt at the time. Like I was there with you. I wonder sometimes how it would feel to pick up again and whether it would be worth it. If my experience is like yours I can expect my answer to be a resounding "No".  I deeply appreciate you writing this out so vividly. I will not drink with you today. 
