-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tm2e2/id_like_to_introduce_myself/

I'm 23 and I am on my first day of sobriety (seven days previously). I have always been the girl you can rely on to get hammered with. The darker side of that is unfortunately that alcoholism is in my blood. I have always known that my relationship with alcohol is time-limited like my mum's was before it almost killed her a few years ago. She's sober now. My aunt uncle sister and grandparents not so much however. I have always known that one day I will have to quit and that kind of mentality is probably what contributed to my desire to get drunk every single day. You've only got a few years left with it before you'll have to quit and that's going to suck so make the most of it!!! 'Life is for living' you're young be free be young make mistakes etc. but some serious reflecting has let me to throw the towel in NOW before I continue on what is a very dangerous path...I started binge-drinking heavily at 14 as is common in the culture of working class English delinquents. We would bunk off school to get drunk or drink in the morning before classes and turn up giggling and stinking of booze. Never before have I reflected on how bad that was. It was predominantly my idea of course. We'd party every weekend as my sister's boy friend's would buy it for us or I'd steal it from my parents. I once got so drunk that I passed out completely and threw up all over myself my friends hosed me down and carried me home left me on the doorstep. My poor parents thought I was dead and had been dragged from a river. It didn't teach me a thing mind...When my sister went to University I went to visit regularly and went out with her and her friends. One night I went out with her and my cousin left the club and I remember having sex with a student who had lied to me the whole evening about who he was. I was completely out of it and talking about a band that he said he was in even though I KNEW he was not and they were not playing in that city. When I finally came to and realised what I was doing I left my jacket and stole some jeans and ran away. I had lost my phone and wandered the streets crying loudly some man stopped to talk to me and was really sweet to me which made me cry more. I had no money but came across a group of male students outside a taxi and they let me stay at their place of course I had sex with one of them. To think on that now how unsafe that is that I am that person absolutely horrifies me...My own university experience was a blur of nights out and promiscuity (very much tied into my experiences with alcohol). I would regularly go out drink myself into a blackout and walk around with glazed eyes trying to find someone to take me home. The rest of the time was spent in my room alone panicking about what had happened the night before and vowing to stop drinking so much until the night ahead rolled around. I did well at uni which is a complete blessing and something I am very proud of despite pumping my body full of so much poison and damaging my precious brain...I went from university straight into waitressing and bar work which meant UNLIMITED ACCESS TO ALCOHOL. I'd get drunk on shift to deal with stress and my social awkwardness. When I got a new job and promotion at a brand new restaurant it became a regular habit to drink 3 gin and tonics during my break steal alcohol from the backroom mispour drinks so I could have them and look forward to closing down because it meant I could have 'a glass of wine' - or three filled right to the brim and then off to another bar for after work social drinks. I made a lot of mistakes because I was always drunk. On my days off I'd drink with my housemate and other friends and probably add some cocaine into the mix. I once tried to track all my units on an app and it gave me higher risk so I quickly deleted that and carried on figured I'll worry about that when I'm older and have to quit. Might aswell make the most of my youth...At my next job I added 'hair of the dog' before work to a morning routine. My supervisor once told me she could smell alcohol on my breath (I'd never even thought to hide it) and we both joked about it being from last night. Everyone there was a party lover and working away was an excuse for drinks drugs and sex. Everyone there was bad news and it was good to get as messed up as possible. ..Which brings us to the present: cosy house with my best friend middle-class office job. The bottle of wine or two to myself every single night after work. A lovely Rioja or a nice Malbec because we are sophisticated grow ups adults (but not grown up enough to quit yet!! God that's going to suck!!). On the first week of my job I turned up to the office still absolutely hammered. My housemate had opened a bar the night before so of course I drank myself into oblivion. I had dressed up nice for the event but the pictures from the night are deeply upsetting to me because I look so visibly vacant. Blackout. It's something my friends and sister always notice about me I get to a point where I just disappear. Honestly that's what I aim for. I wasn't sleeping around I wasn't really partying I'd done it!! Battled my demons! I'm still blacking out most weekends but I'm on a good path. I drink like an adult now. I'm fat and miserable tired all the time and struggling to cope with my hangovers at work but I've done it!..And now my friends comes the enlightenment. I did seven days sober last week which is something I never thought possible motivated by thinking about all of the stupid things I've done drunk that I woud never ever do sober. I thought I would go out last night treat myself but of course I came home sans coat and any recollection of the evening. This is because people like me can't really drink. It's nothing or complete blackout. Like many people I have lingered on this sub waiting for the day when I make my first post. I thought I had years left with my best friend and safety blanket but today is the day that I affirmatively break up with the bottle. Last week was the most positive week I have had in a very long time and I'd never felt more creative inspired rested healthy and full of hope. I have slowly replaced drink days with the gym and hope to shift some weight and become athletic this year. ..In my transitional period toward not drinking I have mostly been at home with Netflix the problem will come with going out. Going to see my boyfriend and friends in another city next weekend will be the real test. Going to see him has been an excuse to get hammered train gin breakfast beers new bars gigs etc. 'it's a special occasion!!' It's funny the reason I was interested in my bf was because he had a reputation for getting really drunk and he could match me. We could drink together as much as we wanted. But now he has laid off the booze for a week which he says is my good influence (I've rarely heard that about myself) but that makes me very happy so maybe I'll be okay. I SHOULD NOT need to be drunk to feel like I'm enough or feel comfortable or be happy...So that is my story and if anyone has made it through then thank you very much for listening. Also I cried writing it. I want to break the association with alcohol and happiness/reward/pleasure. I want to learn how to be a functioning person (myself) and feel proud to be that person. I want to be healthy. I want to be safe. I want to recognise the person in the mirror and know wher she's been. I want my mum to be as proud of me as I am her. I want to be able to say "I don't drink."
----------immediate responses--------

Good job keep it up moment by moment if you have to. The first month sober was hell for me. Aa helped try meetings if you can you are just like all of us. After 5 weeks sober the fog is lifting and my skin looks great and I am starting to feel a little bit of happiness sober. Keep going! You can do it! 
Hello and welcome. Glad you're here. If your boyfriend stopped drinking for a week because of your influence why not make a specific plan with him to stay sober during your visit?
The part about drinking till I became vacant resonated with me. I'd drink a case of 24 beers on a day off and get to the point of drinking oneself sober. I'd slog through the last 6-8 beers not even really feeling drunk anymore not really even feeling anything at all really. Just sitting there slurping down beers feeling ambivalent like nothing even mattered and what's the point of anything. It's funny that we say "Life'short so live a little and drink up!" When in reality drinking just makes life a dull shade of grey everything is bleh and we're not feeling or experiencing living at all. Thanks for sharing! I'll not drink with you today!
Hi! Welcome and thanks for sharing...I've found many other women here who were unsafe and promiscuous in drinking like me. But those acts aren't who we are...Like you I don't drink...and I've never been happier :)
Wow man. Reading this almost brought a tear to my eye and i am a 37 year old man. Can relate to this so so much. Good luck kid. Be strong and thank you so much for an excellent post. X
