-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tme3n/worried_about_visiting_ex/

I'm almost six months sober and have been going strong but I'm going to visit friends in Los Angeles next week and am worried about relapsing...I'll be staying at my ex's place when I'm there.  She's very supportive of my sobriety and we've been friendly for a while but I'm not 100% over her. I suspect she has a new girlfriend but hasn't told me about it. I've been mentally preparing myself for that reality. If I actually get confronted with it though I'm not sure I'll keep it together...What can I lean on if I can't call my sponsor or other sober friends and there are no AA meetings? Any help would be much appreciated....
----------immediate responses--------

There are [meetings](https://lacoaa.org/find-a-meeting/) in Los Angeles. I usually find a specific meeting that will fit my schedule before I leave. If I'm going to an event I'm insecure about I let some friends know ahead of time so they will be alert for my call if/when it comes.
It's great that you're thinking so clearly about getting a good plan in place ahead of time. One thing I wondered is there a reason why you think you won't be able to get in touch with your sponsor/sober friends or go to a meeting? Or are you just envisioning a worst case scenario? Definitely there are a gazillion meetings in LA and you could even look up the ones near where you'll be ahead of time if that might help. ..One thing I might do if it were me would be to try to remove some variables from the equation before leaving town. If I was worried about how I'd feel about learning my ex was involved with someone else I think I'd ask her or a mutual friend who would know ahead of time. That way I'm not walking into any surprises particularly when they might be playing out in the actual place I'm staying where I have no retreat. And if I find out the lay of the land ahead of time I have a chance to deal with the news if it is upsetting while I'm still home surrounded by my usual support system. And if I found it REALLY upsetting I'd ask one of my other friends if I could stay with them instead...Also if you are freaking out at a moment when no one is answering the phone and there are no meetings there is always the IRC chat on the side bar--you can save the URL so you can access it from your phone. We're here for you! Good Luck!! 
I don't like to walk into any situation where a bombshell might get dropped.  Can you find out ahead of time if she's moved on and be more prepared going in?  If not be sure to have plenty of your favorite non-alcoholic beverage on hand.  
Hey there we have tons of meetings here. Depending on where you are staying (in your Airbnb good choice I think) I could recommend a few to you. I love the recovery here. Hope your trip goes well.
