-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tqekd/6_months_of_sobriety_disappear_as_i_slowly_lost/

So. I had a terrible problem drinking and drugging. As a teenager like any other teenager these days I smoked pot and drank often but things really took a turn for the worst my senior year. I had switched schools and lost many friends so I felt alone. A way I learned to cope with the anxiety that highschool gave me was popping pills drinking and smoking. When I graduated partying was all I knew and even if I wasnt partying I was probably in my room popping xannies and drinking alone. I thought it was normal to get trashed alone everyday but I wouldnt have ever guessed I had a serious problem. UNTIL. The big H came in. A buddy of mine and I were drinking and he started smoking heroin. Already drunk and my inhibitions literally at a minimum I asked if I could have some he did warn me the repercussions but a young drunk me was careless and felt invincible. So we would eventually meet and our routin was popping bars drinking and smoking H. Eventually I met with some class A junkies who I was trying to score off of and they introduced me to banging smack which they said gave you more for your buck. It did. But the first rush would manifest itself so deep into my mind that id unwillingly be constantly searching for that high.  An uttainable feeling. Anyways those next 2 years of my life was a combination of me doing some pretty scum of the earth shit that I won't go to into detail with but some examples were robbing family and selling the things I loved. Ruining lives for an unmemorable high. This way of life got me in and out of the hospital for od'ing 8 times on Heroin Alcohol and Xannies. A combination I enjoyed dearly.. A lot of those times I didn't deserve to pull through. The pain my family has had to deal with. The pain I deal with when guilt finally reached me. Unbearable. Shame that can break even the most strong willed man. At least in my mind. I try to back off so I go into detoxes here and there but it really doesnt work so I eventually willingly go to a 30day inpatient. Sunspire TX. .There I learn to cope with some things i've done and those 30 days really help me have something to fight for. 30 days is a lot for our kind. I eventually I move to a sober living in San Clemente California and I have some of the best times of my life there. I relapse once but my counselor helps me work throught the troubles and I eventually got 6 months under my belt. So I head back home. The day of my dad is at the train station to meet me and he cries when I get in saying hes glad he didnt lose me. I go home with my head held high. Ready to push through life. Ready to dive head first into ambitions. Which I do. But the old environment teases me with constant reminders of my past. So eventually I meet a woman who so happens to be a junkie. This one woman in the entire city breaks me down and I succum to my addiction. So eventually im drinking drugging. Fucking up. I start to hate myself so I lay her off swear off the shit. But I catch myself buying a fucking bottle of whiskey here and there. Saying it makes me better at doing my school work for college. I keep making these fucking stupid excuses to drink which eventually make me wanna do drugs. You can only control yourself so much when your drunk. So these last few weeks ive been fucking up. Everyweekend ill tell myself im back on the wagon but by the end of the week my mind starts turning against me. Making excuses about friendships being able to handle yourself boredom etc etc. But now I really wanna dedicate myself. To my health. To my wellbeing. No human being is meant to live like this. So. If anyone reads this and you need help talking about anything. Feel free to ask man. .
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't get sober by myself. I needed professional help. I'm glad you're here and hope you find the support needed to get well. 
Thanks so much for sharing.   
You're an amazing person  some bad things happened but that doesn't mean you're a bad person.   One day at a time.  
You'll find you're in good company here at SD.  I'll not drink with you today.
Hey glad you're here. Is there any possibility of going back to inpatient / sober living? You had 6 months you can do this again. ..Those xannie bars used to do a real number on me; when I mixed them with wine I almost immediately went into blackout. So damn dangerous. Please be careful my friend. I hope to see you posting more often - we're here for you!
Same goes bro. If you wanna chat hit me up. I used to always want to try H just once luckily I never had it around me. With my addictive personality I would have ended up in your position  
Boredom is the worse. I find that going to then gym and checking girls out is way better than drinking till I pass out in my fortress of solitude. 
thanks for sharing where you are at you sound almost exactly like me 3999 days ago when i was realizing i might not actually die young and could end up having to live that way for another 30+years. i got scared enough to jump into sobriety with both feet.  feel free to join the party. you are welcome here.  i'll not drink with you today.  
All the different roads were take to get here....When I first got sober I had an old timer tell me "if you're not busy living you're busy dying. "..I have been busy living since then...Good luck 
&gt;You can only control yourself so much when your drunk...Truer words were never spoken. I was just reading Dreamland: the True Tale of America's Heroin Addiction. It ends with doctors saying we could stop people from relapsing IF they got enough support and treatment. Enough time to let the dopamine receptors in the brain go back to normal. You can be a success story. How can you get more support than you have now?..I'm rooting for you. My brother was a heroin addict. He got clean and he was so much fun to be around. I always looked forward to seeing him. The people in your life love you and miss you. I will not drink with you today.
