-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5trm2j/craving_insight/

One thing that's making me more confident about my current sobriety is this rock solid belief that alcohol won't make things better. This has been greatly helped by the fact that alcohol simply doesn't make me high anymore. Like at all. After fifteen years of steadily escalating drinking (I'm 38) my brain receptors just gave up. Drinking really did become utterly pointless. Then last night when I was lonely and anxious I felt a familiar "twinge" in my stomach. Similar to a feeling I have maybe one out of 50 times I drink. Like a mild stomach ache. Usually (but not always) occurring when my stomach is empty. When I feel that there's a chance that I may feel a little bit of that warm mellow buzz of old. It goes away pretty quickly. Usually before I finish my next beer. But still....that idea that it might provide some relief grabbed ahold of my mind. I struggled for maybe 5-10 minutes with it. Eventually defeating it by "playing the tape forward" as they say. Even if I got that buzz from that one beer it would soon be gone. Buried under god knows how many more beers hangovers and regrets...Another trick: I've killed several cravings instantly by replacing the idea of a beer with the idea of pizza. Ha! Not ideal for some but way better than beer for me. ..EDIT: also have been reading Naked Mind which is great for working on your beliefs around alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

Friend in AA told me to remember HALT: Hungry Angry Lonely Tired.  He was right it's usually one of those things.  What he forgot to tell me was to make sure to address it.  Now when I have a craving that feels like one of those I start acting till it passes eat something call someone.  Or the best?  I just friggin go to bed.
I agree that working on your beliefs around alcohol is very important. If one believes that alcohol provides no benefit why would one have a  craving for it?
Good stuff thanks. Funny thing for me after a while it flipped and I only got cravings when things started going good in my life and I felt calm. It was weird. When I was under stress or pressure I had no desire to drink because I guess I had convinced myself that drinking wouldn't make it better. But suddenly my brain started playing tricks on me and it wanted me to celebrate or something. WTH? I learned I had to combat boredom and complacency as well stress to stay sober...For me alcohol is wicked cunning and patient. It's always looking for a chink in my armor.
