-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ts9iw/900_days_and_some_good_vibes/

I don't drop by here as much as I used to (or maybe as much as I should) but thought I'd take a minute and throw out some good vibes to all the cool people on this sub...This is the place that made it possible for me to stop. I didn't want to "come out" as an alcoholic to my family and friends hell I wasn't even sure I was an alcoholic (Spoiler Alert: I was/am) so I came by here and pulled up a chair and the rest is history. ..Honestly I don't know where the time has gone. I remember struggling through that first week and seeing people who had 100 days or more and thinking "I'll never get there". But I did and you can too. Just take it one day at a time folks. It may sound trite but it's the god's own truth. Just make it through today. Just today...Have a great week everyone!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 900 days!!!
Congrats on 900! sending good vibes back at you :) 
Thank you for the vibes. Glad to read about your success for today. .I won't be drinking with you today. 
Awesome congrats on 900 days...Any insights on any hurdles in your 2nds year that you did not experience you 1st 365 days?
Thats a great post. I am 9 days in and in the same boat you were. I told my wife this weekend "I am not committing to not drinking for life. I am just committed to not drinking today". I am going to continue to come here every morning before work and every evening before bed to hear the good and the bad. It really just wakes me up out of rationalization mode. Congrats!
Happy 900!!!!! Congrats! 
Congrats.  One day at a time.
Congrats on 900 days! Thanks for the good vibes - very cool post :). Awesome vibes right back atcha!
Thanks for the good share and congratulations on 900 days.
Very nice. I am very glad to hear you have been sober so long and are having a grand time. I will be sober with you today.
Sending 900 awesomes your way!
