-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tuav1/day_7_im_doing_everything_right_but_my_anxiety_is/

So this isn't the first time I've quit but this is the longest time I've gone making a conscious effort each day to not drink that day. A week ago I was emotionally hungover after having a meltdown on Saturday night - this weekend I went to Target did my laundry made enough baked ziti to feed an army ran both saturday and sunday and meditated. I did everything right to set myself up for success this week but I haven't felt this anxious in a long time...Maybe its the fact that I am most likely going to have three exams next Wednesday maybe its the fact that I haven't seen any of my friends since my meltdown or maybe its the realization that quitting drinking won't instantly solve all my problems.  Maybe its withdrawal? Although I was a weekend binge drinker. Maybe my true baseline anxiety is coming out after suppressing it with alcohol. I guess I'm writing here because I'm struggling - feeling stressed and anxious about school and not drinking. Although writing this whole thing out helped and I know that there is no way I would be able to handle all this by drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

if it is any consolation i used to have horrible anxiety and it is barely non existent at this point. it just takes some time. maybe another run today? good luck!
Drinking always masked my anxiety I think that's why I did it.  However I realized that the anxieties I had in the first place may have been caused by alcohol.  I am completely convinced that as time progresses without drinking that my anxiety will completely fade away.  You've made it 7 days you don't have to feel this anxiety again.  You can do this it will get better!  I won't drink with you today.
It takes time.  I won't lie is not easy. But what is only worry about today this hour this minute.  Anything is possible when you break it down.   ..I'm sure through your running you've thought I can't go on yet you do.  You run to the next telephone pole or stop sign etc.   always moving forward. ..You trained before to quit just like you've trained to run.  Now only focus on the day at hand.  When your head hits the pillow you reflect on the "distance " you covered today.   You will have challenges and obstacles slow and steady you go and focus on the now not later not Saturday with the gang only the now.   ..I'll help I won't drink with you today. 
I feel you. My anxiety was at it's worst during my use and I used it as a coping mechanism. One thing that helped a ton during the early days of sobriety was drinking chamomile tea. Also kava tea helps a TON but I will warn that it makes you very drowsy. If you can find Neuro Bliss drinks in grocery stores try those well.
