-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5tvoap/day_8_just/

*Sorry about the title...too excited to post I guess...I'm on day 8 clean right now after about 10 years drinking 5-6 high alcohol IPAs or 2 bottles of wine nightly. When I found this sub I never unsubscribed even though I was not ready to quit just to remind myself how important it was. So thanks to all of you it helped and continues to help. This is the longest I've been sober in the aforementioned 10 years. ..First off my withdrawals were not fun. The first few days I slept an hour a night with sweats and shakes. Now I am happy to say I can lay down in my bed and NATURALLY fall asleep with relative ease. I can't tell you how nice that is to write. ..I liken the first couple days of sobriety to that scene in Castaway where Tom Hanks finally decides to leave the island. He knows there's nothing left for him there and makes his way out to sea but he knows he's gotta get over those initial huge waves to get to the calm ocean. ..I know everyone is different but for me a lot of positive changes have happened in the last 8 days. Maybe it might be helpful for someone like me who likes immediate payoffs. So in 8 days:..* I can sleep normally with little to no tossing/sweats. Dreams are still new to me but I'm enjoying them. Being actually rested for the first time in 10 years does a wonder for your overall outlook on life. ..* My anxiety has completely vanished. Shaking and sudden fear of death during the day is no more. I also developed a severe freeway driving anxiety seemingly out of nowhere that I've been living with the past 2 years which has prevented me from leaving town or doing any major adventuring. That's gone completely as well. ..* Things are "magically" clean. As in I find myself doing more projects and tasks sort of without even thinking about it. My car which I haven't even thought to clean is now sparkling inside and out somehow.....* My face is less puffy and red. I'm a vain bastard and puffy face was my worst enemy. ..* Most important I've been super present for my kids. We've played board games and Splatoon and a bunch of other things. I kept them up late last weekend to curb the boredom and we ended up having an absolute blast. My daughter said "I'm glad you quit drinking" which both broke my heart and strengthened my resolve. ..* Generally more able to handle life. It's been a struggle getting over my ex and I'm about ready to go to court for child support (we split 50/50 time) but for some reason I'm not bummed or mad about it. It's just life and that seems ok. I know that gets said a lot around here but actually experiencing that frame of mind is surreal. ..Anyway I know this is a life full of vigilance but even in the short term sobriety can be an amazing gift. For anyone with a penchant for instant gratification like me I can say that even with only 8 days clean the rewards are fruitful. .
----------immediate responses--------

Power to you! I was there at 8 or 9 days and I failed. I will get back to that point! The feelings you described were exactly what I was starting to feel. Almost like newfound freedom. I wont drink with you today!
That's Awesome. I relapsed too many times. I am well over 100 days and it feels great. Keep it up!! 
Quality mate good on you
That is fantastic! Well done you!  :) 
I had the same as you. I'm starting to sleep better though. My first few days sleeping were tough. Interesting what you said about anxiety and shakes. Do you also have shortness of breath?  At 5 days now it feels like mine have went away
I'm so proud of you!
Right on! Day 8 ... Great Job!  Anyway yes that natural sleep is such  a wonderful thing. It's kind of addicting. I also like the dreams even the bad ones. Feels like that my mind is finally sorting things out (after 25+ years of being drunk... ugh) .. and oh yes that red face. Mine is finally gone. Three days before I quit a stranger literally said to me: "You have the reddest face I've ever seen.."  It was quite rude and I abruptly just walked away but I think they thought I was having some sort of allergic reaction or was ill...  (well I did have 16-17 beers the night before....)..ANYWAY! I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY AND CONGRATS ON EIGHT WONDERFUL DAYS. GL! 
Yay!!! I'm happy for you! And not drinking with you. 
Wow in just 8 days  that's great. 
