-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5txmxj/found_a_note_from_the_worst_night_of_my_life/

I wrote this alone at a bar near my apartment. I was 24 years old. A couple hours after writing it I left the bar (leaving behind my purse and coat as well) to go with some random fucking drug dealer (who bought me shots all night) to central Harlem for some cocaine. I was alone. Nobody knew I was out drinking alone. My roommates weren't home. Anything could have happened and it was by the grace of God that I made it home alive that night. ..The next morning I went to my first AA meeting in five years. I stayed sober for five days before relapsing. ..Re-reading this now I feel like I need to share for anybody lurking who thinks they can't get sober. I didn't think I could either. I really fucking thought it was a part of who I was. I was accepting the permanence of my alcoholism as something better than the POSSIBILITY of being a sober failure. This is for you:.."I know it's a problem..I see it I feel it I go to bed and wake up with it...I'm helpless here..There's a demon inside of me that I can't fight. There is no self defense. There is no number one. There is only boundless attraction...Addiction; tis a funny thing...We know it we know ourselves and no matter how dead set we are on improvement this beast we cannot fight. ..It's not depression anymore..Maybe it's anxiety; but these feel like loose excuses...I'm no stranger to it. .I'm just choosing not to fight it...Addiction the purest form of weakness..Alcohol my Achilles heel..Sex my motivation my reward my big fish in the small pond. ..It makes me feel unstoppable..It makes me feel in control...I am none of those things...I am scared. .Roots of me know I will fail..Roots of me know I am doomed...My deepest darkest secret is that I know I'm an alcoholic...The time will come where I set the bottle down and walk away...I'm too sentimental though..I'm too forgetful though..I lose weight and then I binge because .I think I've won. ..Sobriety is permanence..A permanence that I'm not ready for. The time will come the time will come..Where I will stand up and say proudly that I am an alcoholic and they will know.That I am strong.And I am interesting .And I have roots.Some that are deformed.Some that are beautiful .But I am strong.And I can work within my schema to live that most perfect life..I hope that I don't drink at my wedding.but I probably will."..You're not alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

That must have been a terrible night. Your words come from the heart. ..How do you feel now reading them after 74 days sober? I hope proud of yourself! 
Thanks for sharing. I identify with your struggles. 
Wow thank you for sharing...I've also had some nights as a young single female going out and getting completely fucked up with total strangers who probably could have done any number of horrible things to me if they wanted to. It's just luck that I never encountered that kind of person. It's scary to think about.
Thank you for sharing this. Powerful read. Very glad you are here. 
Oh these words are so familiar to my heart. Please take charge now. Don't waste another day feeling weak. You are strong. There is strength in you that you can dig up and put to work on your wedding day. Don't wait until you're  in your fifties looking back at two (three?) decades of alcoholism..
I have an eerily similar story out alone went with some random guy to buy cocaine and then halfway through just had a WTF moment. I left and then got in a cab home I blacked out and woke up to the cab driver saying I was really funny and a real character. I couldn't remember talking with him at all. The worst thing I went to sleep feeling sort of fine and waking up was like a punch to the chest - I couldn't believe I'd been that stupid. ..I realised how little control I had over myself when I drank. I felt like another person. I think that's the thing that absolutely terrifies me I was completely and utterly out of control - and people didn't know it. I had managed to keep it hidden. There is something so scary about doing stuff and then feeling like you didn't choose to do those things. Sober me hated drunk me yet I couldn't stop.  ..I think I already knew but that was the moment I knew there was no alternative except to get sober...It took a few more events like this to get me to stop completely my bottom came a couple of months later. Me now - 5 months sober and I have never followed a random guy home to buy drugs. Score. ..That's why I love SD - I feel like I've just found a load of people just like me! We've all done some stupid shit but we are all doing something amazing. We are not alone!
