-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u1a0o/inspiration_for_those_who_are_struggling/

I recently bought this book 'The Seat of The Soul' by Gary Zukav not having any idea that there was a whole chapter on Addiction in it.  I just finished reading the chapter and as I'm 2+ years into my sobriety these words made my soul sing:."When you struggle with an addiction you deal directly with the healing of your soul.  You deal directly with the matter of your life.  This is the work that is required to be done.  As you face your deepest struggles you reach for your highest goal.  As you bring to light heal and release the deepest currents of negativity within you you allow the energy of your soul to move directly into and to shape the experiences and events of physical reality and thereby to accomplish unimpeded its tasks upon the earth..This is the work of evolution.  It is the work that you were born to do.".I truly believe that those of us who chose to incarnate into this life to suffer an addiction are highly evolved souls.  In overcoming our addiction to alcohol we empower ourselves to achieve anything our heart desires.  In my 30 years of life the hardest thing I've ever had to do (by far) was give up alcohol.  It was my escape from all the pain and loneliness I felt through my teens and my 20s.  I tried desperately so many times to give it up.  I accumulated shame upon shame upon shame due to all my failed attempts.  But I wouldn't stop trying. Then I finally stopped.  I mustered up every last bit of will within me because I was so damn sick and tired of being sick and tired.  And as dreadful and awful it was to not have my clutch it eventually became easier to soberly deal with my negative emotions.  I'm still learning I'm still evolving.  But I promise you with every ounce of my heart that making the firm decision to get sober is the absolute best gift you could ever give your amazing self.  My life since 1.4.15 has been nothing short of a miracle.  Please don't give up you are so much stronger than you think. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great quote. Thx for sharing and posting. Since I stopped drinking I also feel like I'm progressing and evolving at an exponential rate. It's hard to articulate or quantify that growth but that doesn't make it any less real. Here's to another sober day!
tears. thank you so much for posting this.
oh my god i needed this so badly today. i am hurting so bad. i just really feel like giving up. i know that i can't because i don't think i have one more time of going through stopping left in me. thank you for posting this.
Oof this is wonderful. &lt;3 Thank you.
Wow - I'm looking forward to reading this. Thank you!
This instills me with hope :)
Thanks for sharing this. I really needed to read this today.
Thank you for sharing. Kudos to you for your perseverance! 
Needed this irratable af and work is a dam disaster thanks for sharing.
Thanks for sharing today was a difficult day and that helped. 
I loved that book actually wore out the binding!
