-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u22a1/the_first_and_hopefully_the_lastdui/

I never would have considered myself as an alcoholic...growing up watching my fathers angry drunken fits I figured I'd avoid alcoholism all together. Turns out that just because you don't drink everyday doesn't mean you're not an alcoholic. I kept telling myself I only drink once or twice a week. It's not something I am reliant on and definitely not something I build my life around. What harm can going out for drinks a couple nights a week do? Well when you drink in one night enough alcohol for the week every time you begin to see the problem. For months I've been struggling with the thought that I let myself fall into alcoholism and after being arrested for impaired driving last night I think it's time to take the next step. You can only learn a lesson when you are ready to see what is being taught. .I will not drink today. .Not because I don't have alcohol not because I don't have my car to drive to the car not for any reason other than because I do not want drinking to be a part of my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes!  As the saying goes - *Been drunk.  Been sober.  Sober's Better.*
Wow this is unbelievable. Glad you've come to this realization. Your story sounds almost identical to mine. i was in a similar spot 4 months ago. ..I grew up with a family system that supported and even encouraged heavy drinking. I grew disgusted with my father's habits quickly and vowed to myself to never end up like that. Unfortunately I normalized my own binge drinking habits at an early age and am now in utter disbelief over the depth of my problem and the intensity of my mistake (DUI). I am so fortunate that no one died or was seriously injured including myself. Now with 121 days sober I'm taking the necessary steps through AA individual therapy and meditation to address my issue. Because I don't believe I am able to do so responsibly I don't plan on ever drinking again...You only hit bottom once you stop digging. You're not alone OP.
Agree! Life off the sauce is way better once u cross the bridge of cravings and the "I need alcohol to make me happy" mentality. I still get faint cravings and life's ups and downs tempt me to soothe my soul with a drink but hey I don't want to add another problem on top of the ones I already have!! Sober with you guys for life!!!
It took being scared by my own drinking to get me to wake up to what I was doing.  I think I have a healthy fear of the potential outcomes of relapsing which helps me stay on track when I'm really thinking about giving up.  
My Dad was an alcoholic for about ten years when I was in my teens and early twenties.  I never drank because of it.  ..After he died four and a half years ago from a brain hemorrhage I slowly started drinking because of the grief.  Now I am what I never thought I'd be I'm a binge drinker myself and I definitely am an alcoholic.  It's taken me a year and a half to finally fully accept it and to go to AA each day AND visit SD.  ..I have no DUIs but not because I didn't drive I just didn't get caught.  I applaud you in that you recognize you need help.  Some never do.  I encourage you to keep coming to SD and posting.  The support her and the wisdom to be found here is just amazing...You also might try a meeting too.  I was not all for meetings at first but I've been going each day for almost two weeks and I enjoy them.  They are like a big group therapy session and I learn something new and positive each time I go. ..Good luck to you and I will not drink with you today.
Looking back I should have known I was alcoholic as soon as I drove drunk again after my first DUI.  It took me two more before I was blessed with the desire to stop drinking.  Learn from my experience what not to do.
