-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5u4vxc/how_does_a_bar_manager_quit_drinking/

I'm in the bar all the time. I make a living off of facilitating alcoholism. ..I'm severely depressed. I live in a fog. I run every day consistently practice yoga and often spend hours a day outside with my dog yet I don't seem to be positively affected by these wonderful things like I should be. It's gotta be the booze. ..I quit cigarettes a month and a half ago so I know some of the struggle stems from that. But I feel this is more deeply rooted with alcohol dependency. ..Any advice or personal anecdotes would be nice. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm thinking it's gotta be the booze.  It just destroys so much.  Have you considered getting a new job and leaving it all behind you(including drinking)?  If you did I'd be interested in hearing from you in 6 months.  I'd put my money on improvements! Just my thoughts: )
Pasting a reply I gave just a few days ago for a similar question.....*I own a business that sells beer and wine. I wish I could change my user name to Lady Sam Malone. Many (most?) people will recommend  Dry people dry places  but in my case that's clearly not an option. So if switching gigs isn't in the cards for you then I'm here to tell you it can be done for at least ~~143~~ ~~150~~ 162 days in a row plus today. I definitely am not drinking today. :o)*..I quit smoking back in '93. Hardest thing I've ever done. I didn't really drink that much or that often when I quit smoking. Maybe they're really intertwined for you. You sure do have lots of great tools in your life with yoga and your dog and running. Drinking will definitely keep you in a fog. ..For advice gonna paste again sorry...this one from a comment I made a few minutes ago:..*Breaking up the tasks that might trigger you with other activities might help. For me I've been cleaning and organizing a lot as it burns off stress keeps my hands and mind busy. So after I got the keg running rather than test out my product I sucked on sugar free lifesavers grabbed a can from my enormous supply of seltzer and squeezed in a fresh cut lime wedge. I brewed a fresh carafe of coffee and swept the floor.*
A different job?
No being a prude here but what is keeping you from leaving your post as an alcohol facilitator? Are you exploring different avenues? 
Not sure if you like to read alcoholic memoirs but your post reminded me of Mishka Shubaly's "I'll Swear I'll Make it Up to You."  He's a punk rock ultramarathoner who got sober while working the door/managing a bar.  I liked it I think he was also a guest on the Since Right Now podcast you can probably find it in the archives. 
