-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ubmr9/found_a_tv_show_that_really_hits_alcoholism_on/

A lot of tv shows just make a joke of the way characters drink too much in the background. I just recently discovered Crazy Ex Girlfriend on Netflix. Season one really did ignore the drinking but in the background as the butt of a joke-- but I was really surprised to see season 2 addresses that drinking and actually has one of the mains go into rehab. It doesn't sugar coat things; it actually focuses in on the crummy nature of being an alcoholic and eventually with the struggles of lapses and thinking you can move quicker than you can. ..Anyway it's amusing and there's a great musical number about it. Anyway I recommend people check it out. For reference here's the musical number on being an alcoholic: https://youtu.be/KqOU6oY5-Ro
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks! I've been needing a new show to watch after my husband goes to bed at 8 like an old man. I'll try it out tonight! 
I love this show. Didn't know season 2 had even started. Those writers really hit it. I feel like I could just play this song if anyone asks "are you sure? One won't hurt." .
Thanks... I've never watched the show but I'll check it out. I'm sure I'll relate :/
That's a really good show. It surprise me when the character went to rehab. Waiting for season 3
I love the first season I didn't know season 2 was out!  Can't wait to check it out.  Thanks!
Nice I need a new show. 
Yessss! I love this show! Another good one that shows a more nuanced picture of addiction: LOVE also on Netflix. 
I saw that too! Great scene!!!!
I'm not sure if it's on dvd or netflix or what have you but my show that hits it on the head was China Beach.  It was painful to watch McMurphy struggle through the same things I struggled through and end up failing the same way I failed. The final episode was a time jump that showed how much the main character had lost to alcohol but how much life still had to offer and I still remember how much hope that gave me.
I rather enjoy "Shameless" myself. The American version.  It portrays a certain kind of poverty better than the UK version where they have a council flat and apparently everything's taken care of.
That's hysterical I can't wait to watch it!
