-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ulrje/what_should_i_do/

I had 18 days sober recently but relapse. I cannot get back there I keep waking up feeling great and then the day goes on and im telling myself one last time or whatever bullshit....Should I go to a meeting ? Im an atheist btw ..  .I feel so sick of this it gone worse with time I feel like dying.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here...When I realized that I could stop for *One* day I knew then that all I needed was some structure and support...I spoke to a counselor.  That was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I went and found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and found fellowship that supported me in my journey...There are no requirements for beliefs at meetings only a *desire to stop drinking*.  There will be atheists agnostics pantheists Wiccans Druids Muslim Buddhists and Cat Worshippers among the many that are at some meetings...All I know is that I don't let my personal "belief system" stand in the way of getting support.  ..I've never been happier!..*If I was really hungry I'd eat at McDonald's whether I believe that Ronald McDonald is a real person or not*....
I don't go to AA but I have promised myself I would go to a meeting before I had another drink. You know when my brain starts saying "you have 60 days you can handle one drink" I'll go to a meeting if I start to feel like my brain is right...I have gone in the past after a DUI and as a fellow atheist I can see how the higher power thing is a turn off but it's not really about that. It's more about being around other people going through similar things and finding support in that. ..We all would prefer to do it on our own but one of the first steps (maybe the first...) is admitting you are powerless over alcohol. You came to this sub you are already at least halfway to admitting that. 
Hang in there...times will appear to be tough but with each sober day behind your back your confidence will improve. I slipped up in January for 3 days but got back on track. I have 45 sober days in total since the new year began or about 18 sober days consecutively since the 31st of Jan. Cravings are not bad at all and they are very manageable. They are nothing like the hangovers I've experienced before. Sober with you for life!
If what you're doing isn't working you probably should add to your sober toolbox. If that means meetings great. If it means therapy that's been very helpful to me too. Wishing you a calm and contented sober friday I will not drink today and I hope you'll join me!
I'm an atheist and AA works just fine for me.  Some people in meetings talk about God. A lot of people don't. ..If going to a meeting keeps you from drinking for one day and you have to put up with listening to someone talk about God for less than five minutes would it be worth it?  The feeling of hope I received after attending my first meeting definitely made it worthwhile.
Thanks a lot guys this morning is really hard I feel so low . You guys make me feel better and you know what im gonna try my first AA meeting why the hell not  I need to speak with others that understand what I live right now...Ill keep you update!
I have never been to meetings but that would definitely have been my next step if having decided to quit I found I wasn't able to follow through with it. If you find you don't like AA there is SMART as well.
