-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5unzek/badge_reset_request_and_relapse_analysis/

Went on a binge the night before last after about 50 days sober my longest streak ever. ..The immediate trigger was pretty simple - I received a bottle of wine in the mail as a gift from a relative. I have been sick with a really bad cold or flu for the past several days and I kind of figured "well I feel like crap despite not drinking so I think I'm gonna drink this wine and feel better at least temporarily." So I drank the wine then (of course) went out to a local bar and live music venue and had 5 more drinks. Fortunately nothing bad happened but I could have gotten a DUI. And of course I had a terrible hangover and fear and anxiety from an out of control night definitely returned...So being sick and having a bottle of wine show up on my desk was the immediate trigger. But there was another one - a few days ago I had a promising first date with a woman I really like. She invited me to go out for a drink. I didn't want to say "no" and I didn't want to tell her I had quit drinking - so I had a beer with her like a normal person. I thought "see I'm fine I can control it I never was an alcoholic and I was always quite functional." So had a drink with her then 3 days later I have 10 by myself...There are traps all around us folks and we've got to stay vigilant. I'm happy that I'm right back here after a binge and getting back to trying to achieve this goal of remaining sober. And I'm happy I went 50 days and am here to try again. I think the biggest reason that I relapsed was because I let some denial and self-pity creep back into my life. I tried to fool myself that I'm "normal" because I had a beer on a date. Then I had a little pity party for myself because I was sick despite trying to be healthy and sober so I just said "fuck it." Big mistake!
----------immediate responses--------

Snap just had a very similar relapse. I got complacent and had a couple at a concert. No.Major damage done but sitting here now the night after sipping a glass a wine dejected...Try and concentrate on all the positive things you've learned in the last 50 days. That's what I will try and do...Roll up the sleeves and get back to it only stronger this time. 
I'm curious if you think there is a different between the words trigger and excuse. I don't mean this in a sarcastic way...I'm just suggesting you think about these words. I could always always always find a reason to drink. Call it a trigger but really it was an excuse for me to drink.  If I wanted to find an excuse it was easy. Free alcohol arriving in the mail is certainly tempting. What else could you have done with that wine? I'd make a plan so if free alcohol appears in front of me again I'll know what to do beside drink it.
So funny how we reason that alcohol will fix us right up when we are sick when it's literally the worst thing we can do. I did the same thing 2 days ago! 
