-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5upwf2/gaining_trust_back/

I've been sober this time for about a month and I'm feeling confident and strong. My partner wants to be supportive and is most of the time but because I've lied to her several times in the past and have relapsed she's often suspicious. She questions me and acts like she's trying to catch me drinking. I know I deserve her suspicion because I've betrayed her trust but I'm tired of being doubted especially because I've been working so hard and am doing so well. Has anyone been through this? If so what helped? 
----------immediate responses--------

My wife actually laughed when I told her that I quit drinking. But then she had heard that before...And before that. Ain't gonna lie it hurt. But I deserved it...The only real way that I can gain her trust back is walking the walk. Every day sober every promise kept every birthday remembered proves to her that I am not the person that I was...One day at a time my friend. 
^ one day at a time for sure...I'm currently going through the "walk the walk" myself..."I'm not going to date someone who blacks out all the time. What happens when I have to explain to our future kids that daddy was found in a ditch" . .Very sobering conversation...But it's not all doom and gloom. Sobriety is awesome because now I have complete control of what I do...Best of luck to you!.
I have a belly from eating like crap for the last several years. I can't undo it in 30 days. If I eat right one day a time eventually I'll get to where I want to be. Same goes with regaining trust.
Once trust is broken it takes a long long time to rebuild. Sometimes it doesn't happen. I don't think it is possible to understand what the people who love us go through when we are drinking. ..One way to build trust is not to be defensive. I tried to be transparent. I was sure I did what I said I would do and was where I said I was going. I never lied. I was desperate to rebuild the trust of my children. I reassured them that I was not drinking let them smell my breath answered their questions. I let them taste what I was drinking. Rebuilding trust was something I took very seriously. A month sober is not very long. How long did you abuse alcohol? ..
Sayin' ain't do'in. Heaven knows how many times I said "this is it" before I got some traction. Then at 3&amp;6 months thought I was cured. I made my own bed so it was really at a year I stopped getting the sobriety test feeling. But now it's never an issue really. 
