-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uqp35/this_subreddit_is_a_godsend/

Im on the cusp of 90 days sober now. I was super super confident that I would never ever want to drink again when I first quit and even over the holidays with family(!!) But surprisingly I had a mental relapse a couple of weeks ago when a good friend that I used to drink with excessively moved back to my town... it sort of put a crack in that rock solid confidence. I started questioning everything... can I be this new person and rock this sobriety and still be someone she wants to hang around with ? Will she still want to invite me out with other people? And if I AM invited out - how then will I explain the no alcohol to her other friends friends that used to see me adorably tipsy???? AH! That same weekend I had a crappy day was hormonal ended up seeing my husband do an impromptu wine tasting at the liquor store (yes I went in! Why?! Note to others - do NOT do that!) Stormed out pitying myself intensely.. went home and ate copious amounts of ice cream and chocolate (although not as much as I would have eaten after I drank!)...Anyhoo found this place about a week ago. I feel connection! Like all of you guys are my friends and strong supporters and I am no longer alone! I am again so comfortable and so RELIEVED I did not give into those crazy thoughts. ..So thank you. I am drinking club soda to toast all of you! Let's all not drink today :) 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't know where I'd be without SD!  Yes I do - probably at the bottom of some bottle.  Sober on m'friends.
Had 2 club sodas today. They're some of my best friends during recovery it definitely helps me to just be drinking something non-alcoholic. I love SD as well and congrats on 90 days!
I'm here not drinking with you at 90 days :-) Keep going!
Congrats on 90 days! I'll join your toast with a hot coffee.
Congratulations on 90 days Hbot00!  Let's Rock this and be adorably sober during the next 24 hours -- I'll join you in not drinking alcohol today.
I know all about those thoughts. I just remind myself that when I drink I can't predict what happens next and I'd rather stay sober. ..Glad you're here!
Finding this sub has made all the difference in the world for me. Proud to be here with you!
Welcome! This sub is a godsend for me too. And congratulations on that victory over drinking!
The very first time I came to this sub I saw exactly how I could stay on the path to sobriety which I've tried before and fall into the same ild trap. I'm very excited to be here and not drink with you!
