-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5urxff/im_questioning_myself_over_and_over_again_but_i/

I'm a 20 year old who has been struggling with myself and alcohol for the past 3 years with alcohol. I am pretty surr that I am an alcoholic because i can't control myself when I do drink and I can't control myself to not drink when during a work week. I feel it deep down inside that I should stop but dont because I remind myself everytime that I am young and can do almost anything I want. I have been drinking pretty much non stop and I still tell myself that I am in the clear but in terms of getting clean I have not been able to do so since the spring/summer of 2016. I am just venting but I know I should stop...how did you do it?
----------immediate responses--------

You know the F*%$ed up answer to that question is by going through ten more years of bad choices forgotten nights mornings of shame wasted money damaged relationships etc. It might sound cliche or lame but honestly you're not going to miss out on much for quitting. You tell yourself you will but you won't really. You can still go to parties hangouts events whatever the case may be and be sober. If you're worried about socializing or meeting people romantically I promise you can learn to do those things without alcohol and you will most likely make better decisions on people to associate with in any capacity. I got lucky and made great friends who are with me sober or drunk. But I made terrible romantic decisions in every form. ..Started to lose focus here. Look none of us know your exact situation but many have gone through similar experiences and thought processes. I think many of us finally realized we were giving up more than we were getting. That all of things we hoped alcohol would do for us...it just wasn't. It didn't make us cool or fun. It didn't make our problems go away (sometimes temporarily but they always come back and usually with horns) and created lots of new ones. ..&gt; I am young and can do almost anything I want..Well I really believe that you will do many more of those things without alcohol in your life. For me when I drink that's all I end up doing for that night and the next day with the hangover...&gt; I know I should stop..I heard that still small voice in my head for so long. I knew I would be happier and healthier without it. I told myself if I could just moderate I wouldn't have to quit. But I couldn't seem to moderate. Probably because I didn't really want to. I didn't like having one beer as much as I liked having ten (at least while I was drinking). I think we all know inside the answers to these questions. Ask yourself if moderation really interests you. Can you commit to doing what it takes to moderate (and do you honestly think you can?) becuase it isn't just a light switch. In my experience if you don't naturally moderate- it takes a lot of work and there aren't any guarantees you'll be able to. I honestly believe it is sooooooo much easier just to stay off altogether. ..So TL;DR......I bet you won't miss the booze as much as you think. Youth is a great time to quit- you'll get to experience some of your best years and remember them. sobriety is lots easier than moderation. Listen to your inner voice and answer that call to be your best self- I think you'll be glad you did
"Nothing changes until something changes"..Sounds trite.  Is uncommonly powerful and accurate...I had to *want* to change...Then I had to be * willing*...I went to meetings which are free.  I found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got support tools and fellowship.  People who helped me...I've never been happier!
I would give my left nut to go back and tell my 20 year old self that the endless party stopped being fun a long time before I stopped drinking.
One day at a time. ..(Also read "this naked mind" from the sidebar)
