-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uvdmv/alcoholic_parent/

So one of my parents is an alcoholic and will go a few weeks sober then binge for two or so weeks rinse and repeat forever. I feel like I have a lot of commitment issues stemming from that but that's another post for another day. Since we don't live close to each other we usually do a weekly FaceTime call. I'm usually good at figuring out when he's drunk before the call (based on texts or emails or asking my other family members) but he fucking got me this time. I've asked him before to just not call when he's drinking but of course he disregards that. ..My own issues with drinking show me that it's not necessarily something he can control. But it's still so hurtful when that stuff happens even now even prepared for it even as a grown up. I don't know why it affects me so much. I should probably get in therapy and try and work some of that stuff out but I'm a single parent and don't have any time for myself at all so of course no time for therapy. ..It also makes me wonder if I will continue on this (sober) path forever. Am I doomed to keep faltering like he does? Will my kid feel these feelings like I'm feeling when I'm not able to be there? Ugh. Not tempted to drink right now but struggling just the same. Sorry this was more of a diary entry than anything else ha thanks for anyone who reads this. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry for your pain. I think alcohol causes so much destruction than good. The good is just a facade. Alcohol ruins everything in its path. My hopes are your change may drive your dad to seek the same thing you are. Unfortunately we have no control. Glad you posted your feelings. .Glad your here with us improving your life. ..I won't drink with you today. 
I am recovering but also had an alcoholic parent. Alanon meetings helped. It is a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. See /r/Alanon. ..In the early days of my sobriety I focused on one day at a time. That's all we have. 
Sorry about your parent. Worrying that alcohol will take control of you is a good indicator that it won't. It's the alcoholic who is blithely overconfident that they have alcohol beaten for good who is likely to end up in trouble. Keep worrying the fear is healthy alcoholism is something you should be scared of. But don't let it take you over. You are 300 days sober nearly. Be on guard but don't question whether you're capable of doing this. You are doing it!
Adult child and recovering alcoholic here who was helped by Al-Anon and AA both.  The devastation alcoholics reek on their families is extra-ordinary.  You are not alone and there is help.  Picking up a drink would be part of the problem for you and your own kids.  I feel like part of my responsibilty is to break the generational transmission of my disease.
[removed]
