-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uvlmv/7_weeks/

Having completed 7 weeks I thought I would have felt better. As it goes my anxiety is up and down like a yo yo and I think that might be due to my new addiction: Diet Coke. ..Foggy headedness is still with me as well as fatigue due to lack of sleep. I'm struggling to really relax 50% of the time and energy goes more often than comes...I am very grateful I have control over this one thing and guess I wonder how the hell I ever survived with all this PLUS the stress of drinking and hangovers!..Guess it's a process just feeling a little bummed I'm not more euphoric.....Feeling very out of sorts and aware that my mood is extremely erratic (though not too extreme or psychotic) ..I'm tired so tired. Sometimes I feel tired of life but I have so many reasons to love life it doesn't make sense..End of ramble sorry it wasn't more positive..Thanks SD for being a place I can do this. Back to my herbal tea....
----------immediate responses--------

For me it took two months to notice positive benefits. I have seen a lot of people post that it took them three. You're in a difficult place right now. You have successfully quit and probably feel like you deserve a reward. Hang in there. The benefits will come...I suffer from anxiety sometimes too. The caffeine is probably not helping. I don't want to tell you to quit the Diet Coke if it's helping you stay sober but it's something to think about.
Try Zevia instead of diet coke! It's made with Stevia and has no aspartame. Worth a try. Best of luck. Anxiety is the worst. 
I've got some similar feelings even though I'm fortunate that I'm sleeping very well (haven't slept this well since I was a kid actually) I'm still really tired most of the time and completely bushed at the end of the day. I'm not euphoric either happy I'm not drinking and poisoning myself daily but I feel like something is missing. ..One thing that is different for me is anxiety I feel so so so much better now it's night and day...Anyway dunno about you but I've been drinking too much for years so I don't expect everything to instantly get better 2 months after quitting. ..Good luck I won't drink today with you.
My experience parallels yours exactly.  Things started to level out for me after a few months.  I had to find new methods to cope with anxiety and depression.  It does get better just not fast and I have little patience and want things fixed now.  
I'm at a similar time to you and I'm giving up on the Diet Coke and Coke Zero after hitting it heavily for the last few weeks. It helped but it's starting to make me feel rough in the mornings. 
