-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uwugy/cravings/

Hello everyone .I have read many many of all of your stories and have been so inspired. .I am curious how everyone handles their cravings? I struggle with this often and find myself caving more often than not... I have slowed down my own drinking and have noticed how much better I feel and look. But sometimes when I have a day off I'll end up caving and drink...  I would like to stop and control these cravings I just don't know the best way to go about it. .Thanks for reading! 
----------immediate responses--------

I would go to a meeting or call a fellow recovering alcoholic to talk about any given craving or raw emotion that seemed to be overwhelming. Being honest and open about how I was feeling was my asset. Everyone on this thread has caved on off-days but unfortunately a lot of us ended up not having off-days anymore because our drinking made us unemployable. .I have almost 2 years and I still think about drinking. I stopped getting mad at myself for thinking about it. I'm a drunk. Drunks think about drinking. It's natural. The only difference now is that the thought of drinking doesn't go any further than a thought. It's the action after the thought that matters most. Best of luck 
I think I would have cravings more if I drank occasionally. But since I don't drink at all I rarely have them. 
Cravings happen almost every day for me. It's my choice to ride out the waves or give in to the waters crashing onto my head.  ..I'm learning to listen to myself and observing HALT. If I am hungry angry lonely or tired I'm way more likely to give in to my cravings. So I assess my state and address my needs. ..Usually afterwards everything is peachy.  ..Sometimes I have to remind myself what kind of embarrassing or ill consequences choosing to drink has put me in before and that I can choose to be happier in the future by not drinking now.  ..I thank myself every day for not drinking. Compliments are great even if they come from yourself!
I take disulfiram. If I wasnt taking it I wouldn't  be sober right now. Ugh.
