-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uwylh/being_sober_now_feels_like_secondnaturebut_im/

Hey everyone. It's been a while since my last check-in so I figured I would stop in to say hello. Being sober has felt like second-nature to me lately but I'm aware of the dangers of complacency and wanted to re-confirm my dedication to sobriety tonight. ..Sobriety has been good to me lately now that I'm (mostly) out of the weeds with the early days of emotional processing and heavy cravings. ..Getting sober helped me re-prioritize my financial fitness in a really good way which has led me to aggressively paying off my car loan cutting it down from a 5-year repayment plan to just under 2. It should be fully paid off by August. Yass!..Graduate school has been going really well too. It's almost like I can actually concentrate on what I'm reading and retain what I've learned now that I'm not pairing my studies with a huge glass of box wine (or three). I've also got an internship all lined up for myself: I'm going to be a counseling intern at a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center. Funny how things work out. ..Oh yeah and I'm moving in March! I've been living with family for the past year but finally made the decision that I am ready to move back out on my own and be an almost-real adult again. I even bought a new mattress for myself for the occasion since sleep is one of those now-wonderful pleasures I get to enjoy much more as a sober person. I'm super excited. ..Anyway glad to be here with you all. I really want to encourage all of you struggling with sobriety especially those of you newer to the lifestyle to give it your all and to never give up even if you mess up. It's worth it. ..I won't drink with you all tonight. Cheers (with fizzy water of course) to /r/SD! .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats bud!..Seems like you're on a great path and I'm glad that you're still here to post and reaffirm your commitment to sobriety.
Sounds like you are getting after it! Congrats!
Yup it only takes a few minutes to say hi. But it plants that seed of sobriety for the day. I don't feel the danger of walking into a store but I feel it puts my head on straight for any potential stressful situation or even a reward situation where for sure I would normally drown myself in alcohol. Like my wife likes to say it keeps the honest people honest. I am so happy you are doing well. You should be proud. 
Congrats! Also good call on the mattress. Having a great mattress and pillow are worth their weight in gold. 
Hey /u/probably_cancer I'm so glad you gave this update. I feel similarly in that I'm getting into a sober groove but must be vigilant. I think that you've done a great job in staving off the dreaded complacency by outlining all the positives in your life now (and there are so many!)...Congrats on your internship and I won't drink with you today!
probably_cancer you are crushing it congrats!
Awesome well done. This is reassuring to hear although I'm not constantly thinking about drinking anymore like I once was. It is still something that I think about often so I'm happy to hear I can expect this to eventually pass as well...Great job with your finances as well! I'm reallocating my drinking money toward mine and my wife's car payments! It's like an extra car payment toward my debt each month! =)..I won't drink with you today. 
Congrats!! Another second nature person here but still check in.  It's smart - like doing health checkups every now and again each year despite being healthy...Fizzy cheers :D
Hey there buddy! Just thought I'd check up on you and see how you're traveling :) Good by the sounds of things!!
