-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uypty/the_first_week/

A week ago today I posted for the first time to this lovely community. I was nervous and excited and I can't say that that has changed in a week except for that I'm perhaps feeling those sensations stronger and clearer now. In the past week I have also felt sadness anger fear love gratitude hope and a slew of other emotions all without a filter (albeit there is a rather thick layer of fog still hanging around). My first reaction to feeling ANY of these was to reach for a bottle but I didn't; I kept coming here. I've been restless exhausted achy and irritable; I've discovered a sweet tooth that I never knew I had and a LOVE for sparkling (non-alcoholic) beverages. Thank you all for sharing your stories your triumphs your difficulties and your beautiful selves. It is so comforting to know that I am not alone and so inspiring to know that people like me have and continue to win the struggle with alcoholism. Have a beautiful day!  I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats for your first week!!!  ..I recently wrapped week two and my head definitely cleared at least somewhat in that week.  And my emotions stabilized somewhat as well.  for what it's worth - YMMV.  ..Let's make it 8 and 18 respectively!
Woohoo! That first week was always the hardest for me congrats on getting through it!
I'm just one week sober too.  I feel so much better every day. It's pretty amazing that the body is able to recover when the cycle is stopped.  Checking in every day and reading everyone's stories has helped me so much.  I will not drink with you today!
Good on you Op. Day 7 here as well. First time I've been sober this long in ten years. ..I'll also not drink with you today. 
I wanted to make a post after my first week too but couldn't manage to find the words; yours put it beautifully though so thank you for sharing. :) And I will not drink with you today! Congratulations!
Welcome. So glad you are here. That first two weeks can be an emotional roller-coaster. Hang in there. I won't drink with you today. 
Congrats I raise my lacroix to you! You are not alone I will not drink today with you. 
great post. I am at 2 weeks and you couldnt have put it better. It keeps getting better...
