-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5uzo22/i_relapsed_after_205_days_of_not_drinking/

Hi everyone this might be a little bit all over the place so please bear with me I'm just trying to get my thoughts all out...I lurk on this subreddit all the time and you all have given me strength many many times and helped reinforce good behaviours and given me helpful tools. I have been so strong and I always reminded myself of the fact that I was an alcoholic and that I cannot drink the same way as everyone else. I had also met so many other people who were trying to be sober and have seen them struggle with their sobriety and relapse. That was a constant reminder to me just how powerful this drug is. I live at home and my family is very religious and they do not drink so that is a massive help for me with my journey in my sobriety along with not going out drinking at bars/clubs and stuff...I went on a work trip a few days ago to a city that I love and I knew it (the drinking/nightlife) would be hard to resist but I was committed to my sobriety and believed I could do it. However last night (which was my last night before leaving) we decided to go out clubbing and to check out the town and I agreed (big mistake). For whatever reason at dinner after the bartender wanted to know what we wanted to drink I asked my friend as we were ordering "should I have something to drink" (BIG MISTAKE) I was basically asking for permission fully knowing that I already knew what I was going to do which was drink. I decided to have that first drink actually I do know why. My "normal" friends convinced me that I wasn't an alcoholic and so I decided to go along with it I wasn't *actually* an alcoholic I just said that so I could take a break. /s (rolling my eyes)... I am devastated and completely disappointed in myself. I obviously did this because I wanted to drink but I'm so unbelievably sad that it happened. It was fun to get loose and dance and not be yourself for a moment but it's all a facade and I am all about being authentic and open and honest. I feel sick exhausted and not like myself.  I wanted to ask for a badge when I reached 200 days but I will request a day 1 badge. I need to be accountable to more people than myself and I cannot speak to my "normal" friends because they do not drink like I do and do not understand what exactly alcohol does to my body and mind. :(..I'm also worried because the city that I came to is the one where I feel at home and I want to move here and go to school here as well but now I'm not too sure because I do not want to get caught up in the nightlife/drinking scene and I don't trust myself without my family being there so I'm not sure what to do anymore...I will not drink with you all today...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey you did such a good job getting to 205 days!  That's awesome!  Be proud of yourself.  So you made a mistake just start again.  You know you can do it..
Congratulations on the 205 days even though you drank again that's a significant stretch. Learn from the experience and chose better. 
I'm sorry you're feeling the way you are now and can certainly relate but you got a lot of sober-time under your belt. Remember this feeling for the next time you're tempted (and you will be). I know I speak for a lot of people when I say I'm glad you're back. Don't beat yourself up too much. The path to another 205 starts today. Wishing you well on that journey. Take care of yourself.
I won't drink with you today.  205 is good.  Thanks for sharing.
Congrats on 205 - huge number! Congrats on day 1 - an even bigger number!!! 
once an alcoholic always an alcoholic 
