-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v186l/its_good_for_your_brain_to_feel_like_crap/

I'm a pharmacist and have a doctorate in pharmacy.  I work in a clinic with behavioral health addiction patients.  Ironically I had a bad alcohol problem depression and anxiety myself.  But something I know from my training is that when you drink alcohol your brain slows down production of "good chemicals" dopamine serotonin etc.  because in the beginning alcohol makes your brain pump it out.  So when you first stop drinking you will feel way worse.  But when your brain starts feeling really crappy it signals to start making the good chemicals again.  I know in opiod addicted patients it can take up to two years to get their brain chemicals working correctly again.  I'm sure in alcoholics it would be along time also. I haven't had a drink in 7 months and it has gotten a lot better.  When I have a crappy day I think good.  This is part of the healing this is part of my brain getting triggered to make the good chemicals on its own.  This helps me when I hit hard days.  Just hoped this view might help other people who are struggling.  
----------immediate responses--------

 I really needed to read this today thank you 
Thank you so much for this post. I'll try to embrace the crap days now. I'm going to look at those days in a positive way (hopefully)  they can get pretty damn dark. I hope my rational mind overtakes my emotional mind and I just "sit still"!.Thanks again!!!!
Fascinating and makes so much sense. I would say it took me just over 6 months for my mind to feel like it was mostly recovered (it was day 183 to be specifc)...There was a great post way back by u/gelastic_farceur with a [recovery timeline](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/). That post had a huge impact on me to keep me going to see if I could capture some of the noted benefits of not drinking for myself. Or more bluntly put "embrace the suck." Sober on my fellow sobernauts.
This is an awesome post!  ..Is there anything that can be done to have more "good" days or to help the brain heal?  Healthy food and exercise seems to keep the feel good factory moving for me.
It took a good five months before I could tell that my chemistry had shifted.  I'm sure it had been all along but then one day the sun broke through the brain fog and I realized my depression had lifted; it was wondrous.
Thanks for this. I have been irritable and crabby and pissed off. Good to know this may be temporary.
 Thank you for sharing! I'm much happier after five months of not drinking.
Thank you for this post. I'm 7 months today. 
Thank you for sharing this. The body is amazing! 
Taking Fish oil helps
Great info and makes sense. Drinking used to be a way of feeling better but that feeling fades. I think the first three months were the worst for me in terms of feeling horrible. With time though I feel better than I can remember. Thanks for this. .
What are your thoughts on Naltrexone? I got a script from my psychiatrist but I haven't been taking it. I've heard there are different ways to use the medicine do you have any experience with it? 
Thanks. I hope to get there one day. Its damn brutal in the beginning
How long does it take? I feel so stupid lately. I can't understand anything. I thought it was depression/burnout but maybe it's PAWS?
&gt;This is part of the healing this is part of my brain getting triggered to make the good chemicals on its own. ..This is such a great way to look at the changes. All the little things you can feel during early sobriety are happening because you drank; you're just feeling them because you're finally giving yourself the space to heal. Great post.
Unrelated to alcohol but does this also apply to caffeine?
Good way to look at it OP. 
The only reason I've had success this time around is by making myself feel bad once a week. Casino too much coffee stay up to late have a cigar etc. I really have to have a morning where I feel like I've gone overboard with something. Thanks for reaffirming the science behind this process. I wont drink today..!
For some of us we get our serotonin or dopamine fix from eating and shopping hey well at least it's only (mostly) hurting my wallet and not my liver!!
Thank you for sharing this.
Do other drugs people use to treat/self medicate their alcohol withdrawal symptoms slow the brain chemistry changes E.g. weed kratom caffeine antidepressants (e.g. Wellbutrin which I'm on). Anyone else with data points on this?
 I caution agianst handing out just hang in there advice. If you have a history of depression or just persistent sadness sleeping too much or too little same with eating or loss of enjoyment in activities you loved isolating yourself or any other symptom of depression or any symptom of any other ailment physical or mental for longer than two weeks do not just assume it is withdrawal. See your doctor and talk with them. It really could be some underlying condition that may have been masked by alcohol or just happened to come up because you are stressed maybe from working so hard on being sober. Don't self diagnose. Yes alcohol messes with your feelings and hormones and dopamine. However I would really caution assuming any issue is caused solely by withdrawal or advising people they will feel better if they just hang in there.
&gt;when you first stop drinking you will feel way worse. But when your brain starts feeling really crappy it signals to start making the good chemicals again..Do SSRIs (like Sertraline) and ADD meds (d-amph) interfere with this process? 
I really needed to hear this. ... i thought than mental health concerns all originated from alcohol... but after two months Sober i just see my problems more clearly with much improvement ... glad it gets better
Yes my therapist keeps asking me when I hit 6 months... supposedly something significant happens in the healing of the brain around that time. I feel myself getting more aware and less forgetful with each day. Have no idea how I was getting shit done in the past. I won't drink with you fine folks!!
If you're reading this and thinking "6-7 months? really?" let me tell you that after 3 weeks I felt a HUGE boost in my mental clarity. I've been following the 30 day solution and seeing a therapist (aka going to the mental gym). I've also been cooking all my own meals all of which incorporate some foods known for promoting liver health. I'm taking daily vitamins and in the evening I take a number of tea blends to help relax (making the most of my sleep). Before bed I also will try to eat pumpkin seeds and have some Kava Kava. YMMV. 
Spot on in my personal experience .
Thank you. That was a great post!
I really needed this today. Was feeling bummed that I feel so crappy still.
Thank you for this :) 
It really does help. Thanks.
Thank you for posting this. It helps me tremendously to know the physiological effects of drinking (or not drinking).  Congrats on your 7 months too.
This is good to know. My last 29 days have been overshadowed by a nasty flu. It's made it easier to jump start my sobriety. Today I feel it lifting and my energy is starting to come back. I'm not thinking of how I feel tomorrow - only today. Thanks for posting this info. 
They say drinking re-wires your brain and learning a new language also re-wires your brain. I quit drinking last year and started learning a new language soon after. I don't know if I'm imagining it or not but I can actually feel my brain changing.. It's been a trip.
This is good to hear. I am dragging today after a road trip with toddlers over the weekend.  I know that as long as I don't put poison in my body I am going to be ok. 
Thanks for posting this.  I had my first drink yesterday since New Year's Eve when I decided I needed to stop relying on alcohol to numb my unpleasant feelings.  I had a mimosa at brunch wow did it make me feel logy and unmotivated.  Starting again today realizing how good I felt the last 7 weeks without it.
Great post. What are your thoughts on nootropics? I've noticed I lost a lot of my smarts. I use to be really smart but years of drinking like  a drain have left me feeling quite dumb. Constant brain fog. I started taking some 5-htp to help increase serotonin. I think it's helping but I'm not really sure. I take it every other day.
Thanks. As someone who is currently struggling a lot this feels good to read.
You really helped us with your post! .Thank you again!!!!
Thank you!
Not much. Honestly trying to find help when you're at the bottom of every totem poll is hard. People pretend it's easy to get free healthcare and food stamps. It isn't. I'm fully employable have a job work hard pay a massive % out of my paycheck for insurance and Still can't find help for my crohns issues. 
Thank you. That actually is helpful to remember! As a nurse I know this stuff too but to apply the knowledge to myself &amp; my situation is another thing entirely!
