-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v34de/i_think_my_sponsor_fired_me/

hey r/stopdrinking..Just wanted a little advice. My sponsor is a guy twice my age and his addictions have spanned a very wide variety of hard drugs in addition to alcoholism. I have struggled mainly with marijuana and alcohol. ..My guy we'll call him B wants me to do a very strict program but I don't think it's the right program for me. He wants me to call him every day even though he never picks up just so I can update him on what I've done to stay sober that day. Long story short I missed a couple days because I play music and was out making some friends at an open mic the last couple nights and he laid into me threatening to fire me because he didnt think I was taking the program of sobriety seriously enough. ..Honestly I think I'd be happy letting him go at this point but I'm almost finished with my 5th step and think it would be a shame to let all that work go to waste. At the same time making me feel shitty for not leaving him my daily voicemail doesn't seem like a sort of program I feel comfortable working. I'm coming up on 4 months of sobriety and appreciate his help but B only makes me anxious when he threatens me about this seemingly mundane stuff. ..Any advice? There's plenty of other sponsors to choose from...I just want to know if not having the right style of program or same values when it comes to "Working a program" is a valid reason to find a new sponsor? ..I'm only asking because I got seriously worked up over this and I figured getting this worked up is probably not a good sign. ..Anyways thanks as always for the great insight r/sd. I won't drink with you today x
----------immediate responses--------

Steps sponsors and understanding of a higher power are all SUGGESTIONS of AA. You do what you have to do to stay sober. The beauty of AA is how there are pretty much only two rules - Don't drink &amp; don't talk when someone else is talking during a meeting. A sponsor is meant to be your "go-to" guy (or girl if you're a girl) who can help you on a more personal level. Don't ever feel compelled to make someone your sponsor if you don't really connect with them...Think about choosing a sponsor like this - If you were still an active alcoholic would you enjoy getting fucked up with that person? Because we are addicts afterall &amp; the sponsor is meant to help you stop drinking. AA is a bar without the booze. You don't have to like everyone in there but I most definitely didn't like all of the people I drank at the bar I drank with but I always had that 1 friend that I favored more. .P.S. Don't worry so much about where you are on the steps. You're doing the steps without realizing if you're working the program and staying sober.
I haven't done AA. But B sounds like a controlling bully. Would your work to this point be 'wasted'? Can you pick up where you left off either on your own or with a new sponsor?..Good luck. But definitely get away from the anxiety source!
This does not sound like a good fit and I really do believe this sponsor sponsee relationship has to be a good fit.
Get another sponsor dude.  It is kind of like having a math tutor.  When you change tutors you don't lose all the work you did before.  A good sponsor will go over the work that you did.  The goal is to do the steps not focus on the sponsor.  It also might help to get someone closer to your age.  You might also want to try a female sponsor- this is fine as long as you are not attracted to your sponsor in a romantic way.  
Hi I had a related experience when starting AA.  My sponsor was a great guy and super friendly/not a bully but he insisted that I do 90 in 90.  I am heavily involved in 2 outdoor sports (I credit these 2 sports as a fighting force against the pace of my drinking problem's progression and improvement in these sports has been a big motivator in my sobriety).  Doing AA "full on" did not fit with me-I was missing out on my sports...Sports are my first line of defense in sobriety and I use AA as needed.  Everyone is different.  If music motivates you to be sober maybe you can use it in a similar way to my sports.  I've read on here that in AA there's no issue with taking what you need and leaving the rest.
