-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v5ya6/could_use_a_hug_on_a_sucky_monday/

I try to stay positive and optimistic on SD but I'm really struggling today.  Work is just nuts and my job is changing again I have a bunch of work coming due for grad school my siblings are fighting and I feel like absolute crap (like I'm getting sick).  I want to pound back a large strong drink and sleep for several hours to escape this rotten feeling.  ..But I know how that ends and I won't do it.  I know I'm blessed to live another day but man today sucks.  Remind me that this too shall pass?  Thanks for listening and for being here.  
----------immediate responses--------

It won't be like this forever you're gonna be okay. Times are tough but you'll get through this. I hope you feel better! Drink some vitamin C that always helps me when I'm coming down with something. I won't drink with you today! :) 
Sending you an Internet hug!
I'm a little blue today myself.  I'm going to try to get plenty of rest tonight and just start over tomorrow.  Let's pound some chamomile tea together and sleep like babies; what do you say?
I'm gonna hug ya but please hug me back! My Monday is currently sucking great big hairy donkey balls right now...
Take this:.http://giphy.com/gifs/YHBVuyabciIRG
Hi friend:) Good work on venting it out. Sending hugs.
I need a hug too.*hug*
I'm so sorry. I'm around the same day count and had a similar experience last week (which sucked entirely screw last week)...I like to remember that bad things don't come to stay they come to pass...And it did. All of it. I didn't drink. The drama disappeared as it always does. I'm back to good this week (though still feeling like drinking for whatever annoying reason my brain is the way it is)...I did reflect on the fact that had I been drinking the last while I wouldn't have had the ability to deal with my problem. In fact my problem wouldn't even likely exist. To explain my problem was mostly work related and pertained to meeting a deadline for a project (which ties to a career dream)...If I had been drinking I wouldn't have even had that deadline because that project would have been so delayed already that I wouldn't have even had the option to meet the deadline...If I had been drinking I wouldn't have had the time energy or care to meet that deadline...I got there. I did it. Alcohol only would have made all of it worse which makes it all the more irritating because it was what I wanted most...My thoughts are with you. ..Things I like to remember when I can:..This week isn't next week tomorrow isn't today later isn't now. I can control now. That's all I have to worry about...Chasing after a state of emotion doesn't do anything for tomorrow. I refuse to be a slave to chasing after that. Numbness escape etc. don't serve me. They serve alcohol...The hard days are the most important. Each hard day that I get through gives me more resolve. It's like working out a muscle for me. The less I give in the less I feel like I might actually give in...I won't drink with you today.
