-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5v935z/still_sober/

but it's getting harder and I'm starting to see relapse in my future. It's all because of this breakup. Feeling all the feelings I don't want to feel then asking myself how I would possibly start dating again without drinking. I'm so low right now my life barely feels real. I keep thinking it doesn't matter anyway. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have found "playing the tape forward" helps a lot. What's going to happen after I drink? My problem will still be there I'll just feel worse and have less money.
I'm with you. My now ex and I just had a final nail in the coffin talk and even though it's been a long time coming it just now hit me that I will eventually have to date sober. Date socialize restart my life... I know I have the opportunity to change things for the better now but I really want to fall back on old habits. .I won't drink with you today. We can get through this without drinking!
Breakups are the WORST!  Sorry you're having to deal with one right now.  I made the mistake of taking to drink during mine and it made things a MILLION times worse.  Wish I'd just stayed present and honestly experienced the pain instead of trying to numb it.  No surprise - after crawling out of the bottle months later the pain was still waiting for me - along with the shame of all that I'd done while drinking.  I really hope you find your way.   Feel free to vent as much as you need to here.  You're among friends who are genuinely pulling for you to keep your sober streak going. 
I'm all about kindness to self today. I relapsed last night and it made things much worse for me. .Break ups are draining. So are hangovers. Those combined will hurt very bad. .Maybe some alone time will be the best thing to ever happen to you? It provides invaluable time to work on yourself  
One day at a time- minute by minute. When thinking about life remember this: no amount of guilt can solve the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future..
