-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5veepg/you_know_i_love_the_daily_check_in_committing_to/

It really inspires me to see all your check-ins.  As if we're all taking on this enemy together standing arm and arm stating that we won't let it take us today!  ..And for all of you who put a small comment on your day along with check in - I love that too.  Its a nice reminder to me that we're all going through similar struggles/tasks/adventures and that my issues are not so unique.  i can work to overcome them just like all of you are doing everyday.  .Thanks everyone for being here..EDIT: #notastalkerIswear!
----------immediate responses--------

This community is a lot of help! I read daily as well.  I don't post often but the struggle is real and the ability to read about other people's experiences helps me.
Yeah we're all in this together!!
The Daily Check In is the cornerstone of my sobriety. 
Same here! I love the mix of little bits of info and long personal stories...I have very few support options in my tiny little town so it's so awesome to see the spectrum of struggles and triumphs and statuses. I don't know what I'd do without it.
Not stalkerish at all! I agree...I love reading it too and seeing how many people are in this sobriety adventure with me everyday :))!..I won't drink with you today!
Check ins inspire me to keep checking in. 
Yeah I love the good vibes here as well as the struggles...I also like that I can post almost anything and get feedback!
We got this you sexy sober beasts!
[removed]
I was thinking the same thing about today's check in. I've only recently started posting but I'm so glad this place is here. 
Together we stand... drunk we fall...
I so love the check-ins too. It's just a great way to start each day. With purpose and intent.
It is very nice.  I use to have problems being glad for other people's success because I was raised in a very selfish and narcissistic household.  This is the first community I have been a part of in my life that I am genuinely happy to see people doing amazing things having success and prospering.
Agreed! Although I have never checked in I too like reading all the check ins.
