-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vfofq/venting_relapse/

Why do I keep relapsing? I know I can't drink. I've said it a million times yet a few weeks go by and I allow myself a drink. I allow myself to get drunk and then wasted. If I keep this up I'm going to die. Is that what I want?..I commit to getting sober but I don't make any changes. I still go to the bar. I still hang out with my friends at the bar. Now I never want to go back. But how many times have I said that before.....I don't want to hear about what I did or how stupid or embarrassing or sad I was. I don't want to hear people tell me it's okay because it's not okay. Maybe I'm afraid no one will tell me it's okay. Maybe this time I went too far. I don't remember! I don't want to remember. I don't want to apologize or defend myself. I wish I never existed. I can't offer anything to this world. 
----------immediate responses--------

Here's the good news: you never have to drink again. Sometimes I say that out loud to myself. I play the tape forward when I have a craving and then remind myself I never have to feel that way again. ..I'm not drinking today with you.
Don't give up. You deserve freedom. Go forth and slay your demons.
Hey I think a lot of times the shame sort of helps keep you down after a relapse and makes it harder to love yourself enough to work through the cravings. I also think a lot of us have been in that same boat on and off again and I don't think any of us are horrible people just fell into addiction with an addictive substance which is totally understandable - the nature of the beast!..When you say you don't make any changes I think that's kinda saying that you aren't really committing. Nothing changes if nothing changes kinda thing. I found it really hard to stop even with changing my habits so I think going to the same places would be like trying sobriety on super hard mode...It helped me to identify my triggers I call it my danger zone and in the hardest days to allow myself whatever kindness would help me through it. We are all here to support you &lt;3
Glad you're here. ..Sounds sad and difficult.  ..What made a big difference for me was changing my patterns and habits.  I got a start on that by going to meetings...Did I *want* to go to meetings?  Not particularly. ..Did it make all the difference?  Yes!..I went to meetings early in the morning at lunch right after work and right before bed...I did it and did it and that changed all my patterns.  I met sober friends who helped me when I had an urge or a craving...I've never been happier...I know something you can offer the world.  *Helping someone else stay sober for an hour*!..When I go to a meeting I get something from it.  But others get something *from me being there for them*...Doesn't cost a thing.
I'm glad you exist and are here. I'm glad I am here too.  Sending you internet hugs &amp; prayers for peace &amp; success.  I will not drink with you today.
You sound like me  I had a very bad Sunday night and I am back at day one today. People will tell you it is OK and it feels GREAT  to hear that after you make a fool out of yourself and black out. But it is never really OK. Normal people don't drink like that. And having people tell you it is OK is the first step in heading back to drinking. Or at least that is how it is for me each time. Usually when I'm deep in shame it is easier to stay quit. As soon as I start feeling better I think I can handle it that's when I start drinking again. ..You can do it we can do it just have to start building routine so I don't involve alcohol. Good luck
I knew I had a drinking problem and made half hearted attempts at moderation and quitting for 11 years before I really did it.  When I look at what was different in my life it's pretty obvious why I was able to stay sober: I have a solid job good health insurance to pay for therapy loving and supportive friends and family and a nice safe home.  How I managed to get in that situation as a drunk I don't know call it privilege or luck.  ..Anyway I think people are too harsh about relapses.  In my case I had to get my shit somewhat together before I could get sober for real.  Acknowledging that you have a problem can be the first step on a healthy path...I'll not drink with you today.
You can do this.  I fell down for years before I got into my latest groove.  I relapsed month after month after month.  I suffered through a lot of pain.  But I kept.  getting.  back.  up. ..Just get back up.  And if you fall again get back up.  You got this.  And we're here for you.
I'm just past five months. I totally understand how you're feeling. I have lost my wife I'm apparently unemployable I guess- still working on that. I often feel that I've got nothing to offer the world and don't know why I keep going on sober. But then a little reminder will pop up. I make someone laugh. I get a good laugh myself. A family member calls and needs some help. Last night my daughter climbed in my chair and snuggled up to me and said she was proud of me. That's what keeps me going. Find what can make you smile and go from there. 
I relapsed too and I feel down on my as well. I went 7 days...felt awesome and then went out for a 'glass' of wine. Ended up blacking out and waking up this morning late to babysit my baby nephew. All we can do is keep trying!! So I'm one day one now and tomorrow will be Day 2. We can do it! 
I have woken up hungover a few times and wished I never existed. I see you posted this seven hours ago how are you feeling now? We're all here for you if you need to talk I've found jumping on the IRC has really really helped in the past when you need that human interaction and to know that you're not alone and you're not crazy. 
I'm sorry you're struggling I remember well.  I certainly didn't quit the first time shit I quit a hundred times.  Eventually it clicked...I remember in early sobriety telling people I was "taking a break."  I said this a lot.  No one gets sober at bars. ..Doesn't matter what you tell people.  People that care about you will respect it people that don't do not deserve your friendship.  Good luck!
Thank you all so much for your support. A few hours later and I feel better. Not good not great - but a little bit more like myself. 
Your experience and life are certainty valuable to me. This post reminds me why I never want to drink again. ... Stick with it 
