-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vgx65/question_about_withdrawal_symptoms/

Hey folks.  First off I'd like to say that I'm posting sober at the moment though am still struggling pretty hard.  And also I know this is more of a question for my physician but I just wanted to see if any of you could relate to this experience.  I've posted here several times and am still working on quitting for good.  I just had a weird experience this morning and wanted to see if anyone could relate from your past experiences....So in the past year or two I've sort of gone through that change from having hangovers to having withdrawals instead; as in instead of waking up with a hangover and headache and whatnot I wake up with the shakes anxiety paranoia nausea you know.  As most of you probably know hallucinations are sort of a secondary stage of withdrawals that come after a day or two after the shakes and nausea and whatnot.  This morning I woke up around 6am (when my girlfriend was leaving for work) and felt ok.  Since I didn't have to work today I tried going back to sleep.  I started having like the craziest dreams which felt more like hallucinations.  It's extremely hard to describe in words but for several hours it felt more like crazy hallucinations sort of that half-asleep thing where you can't quite get yourself out of it.  Just really terrifying negative stuff where you feel like you're actually hearing it and feeling it like way way more than just a regular dream and it actually really terrified me.  It really felt like more of a hallucination than a dream and it lasted for several hours.  I guess I should preface that I drink about 10-14 drinks a day.  Although after I got through that and finally made it out of bed I felt fine and had actually a pretty productive day where I felt pretty good...I'm just confused because I've gone through withdrawals before (not something I ever want to experience again) but I know that you can get hallucinations after a couple of days after the shakes and whatnot but this time it was just scary hallucinations for a few hours but really nothing else after that I just felt fine...Is this something any of you have ever experienced?  I'm going to talk to my doctor about it because it was so intense that it really scared me.  I just wondered if anyone else who has had a history of heavy drinking has experienced anything like that.  Thanks and sorry for the long rant.
----------immediate responses--------

I started dreaming like crazy when I stopped using any kind of substance but especially drinking. I agree they are similar to hallucinations but they are just really vivid dreams I think. Sobriety does something to whatever it is that makes us dream. TBH I enjoy the hell out of them even the bad ones. I love sleeping now because of the crazy dreams.
I started dreaming like crazy when I stopped using any kind of substance but especially drinking. I agree they are similar to hallucinations but they are just really vivid dreams I think. Sobriety does something to whatever it is that makes us dream. TBH I enjoy the hell out of them even the bad ones. I love sleeping now because of the crazy dreams.
I had dreams like you described when I last detoxed. If you are rocking 14 drinks a day ... brother do you want to learn how to get sober stay sober and actually live happier and more comfortably than you do when you habitually drink alcohol? I'm not the sobriety salesman though I guess this might have come across that way but I don't want to erase and rephrase I just want to give you free flowing thoughts on this. I'm actually concerned for your health based on what you described. How long have you been drinking this much? I don't mean to say this to make you feel ashamed or guilty you didn't ask for your drinking to be this way it's not your fault. That said do you want to take a stand against it and try a different way of life? I think for me that was one thing that helped me commit to going to meetings was that for one my drinking was out of control I was having physical issues and I knew that I could try 12 step for a few months and reassess. I'm glad I did my life has honestly never ever been better and I don't even think about drinking hardly ever and when I do it's brief and I know how to cope with it. I even can hang out with friends who drink and not get triggered to drink I still have a fun time sober but I did have to change my social life for a while so I could get stable. There is a period of time that starts from your last drink and goes on anywhere from 6 months to a few years called PAWS post acute withdrawal syndrome. You should research it just so you can be aware of some of the things that may happen. If you have been a heavy drinker for many years you may want to consider at the very least detoxing with medical support. Alcohol detox can be fatal in some cases if symptoms and physical withdrawal aren't properly managed you could go into cardiac arrest. Now odds are you wouldn't but it depends on how long you have been drinking and how much how big of a guy you are your age if you have relapsed many times in the past. 
Sounds like talking to a doctor is a good option. That sounds scary and I hope it doesn't happen again. I used to have very vivid and hallucination-like dreams when I didn't drink. They were almost like night terrors: sometimes I wouldn't be able to wake up and I'd feel "in limbo" for a certain amount of time...
I remember laying in bed and hearing my fathers voice and of course the vivid dreams they still occur but only if I go to bed unsettled about something. I hope you start feeling better.
I wonder if its some form of hypnagogia?..Whatever it is doesn't sound good.  Hope you never have to experience it again.
Very typical. It should subside after a number of days or a week. It is unpleasant for some but should be pretty temporary.
Yes like lucid dreaming. Very very vivid dreams that had a sense of depth and realism. They were always about someone trying to kill me or faces metamorphosing or flying spiders (lots of insects for some reason)etc. Never fun and always felt very real.
