-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vjkkp/emotional_roller_coasters_and_how_to_get_off_of/

So my boyfriend and I have been struggling through our relationship for the past 3 out of 4 years of our relationship. Our relationship has been built on drinking and partying and since I got pregnant with our now 2 and a half year old we've been at odds about our shared habits. Now I'm trying to get sober and he's not (which is fine) but the glue that held the relationship together is crumbling. It's caused a lot of stress in my life for years and between that and job changes moving parenting it's been a real roller coaster ride. .Drinking of course made the roller coaster ride way scarier but I'm trying to find a way off of it now. I had wanted to ride out the relationship until our lease is up in 4 months and see if a sober brain could give me a better perspective. .But then my boyfriend broke up with me 2 days ago and i started to feel relief and like I could make plans in my life for a sober future. However he now says he wants to make it work and he had overlooked all of my good points. We have a child so obviously I want to do what's right for him but I feel like the extreme ups and downs will never end if I keep letting him break up with me and take me back ad nauseum (the break up/get back together thing has happened about 4 times in the past 6 months). ..I know you all can't help me with my relationship issues but has anyone had experience with relationship stresses or huge life stresses in early sobriety? I know I shouldn't change a ton of stuff about my life but since he broke up with me and generally challenges my sobriety I don't know if I should finally pull the plug or keep riding. 
----------immediate responses--------

something great i saw here recently: anything i put before my sobriety i will lose...if you are serious about being sober i would let him know that is your main objective. stick to it. either he will be on board or not. so much drama goes away once alcohol is removed from the equation. it could be the start of something great...good luck.
A therapist was immensely helpful with my relationship issues. I couldn't stay sober with someone who abused alcohol so the relationship ended. Sobriety was most important. I was hungry for recovery.
Only you can know what is right for you and your child. But it does seem he has a pattern of acting very immaturely and damaging you in the process rather than dealing with things and working on any issues. I wonder if the fact he can always come back encourages his behaviour?.Be warned the emotional rollercoaster in early sobriety is bumpy enough on its own - especially day 3! Don't rush your decisions but enjoy the clarity of mind you're gaining from sobriety and whatever you do I wish you luck. 
