-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vk30y/dont_be_this_person_one_relapse_too_many/

This man I know has been trying to get sober for some years now he tries and he tries he comes back - and he goes out again...I don't know what goes on in his brain but when I was slipping I was convinced I "could get away with it" one more time. I suspect he thought something similar...He's a great guy has a good job place to live is "functional"...Except that he drinks - and drives - and this time and the last it's a felony.  ..Back to back court dates... He's almost certainly going to go to prison and is not the kind of guy who looks like he could survive it.  ..Was bailed out last night after a few days in county lockup - and something is seriously wrong.  Breakdown stroke over medication for detox something...  Will learn more as time goes on but whatever it is going to be will not be pretty or easy...Sobriety is precious... please hold it tightly. .
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this reminder. I am grateful for my precious sobriety.     
I'm holding on to sobriety with all the might I can muster. There's no going back for me. I hope he is able to get healthy... how scary. 
Thank you.
Got it clutched in a death grip; no way am I letting it go!
This is a good reminder for me.  Thank you...And sorry to hear about this.  
Thanks for the reminder of the thin line that's oh so easy to cross.
thank you for sharing this. needed to hear this today.
I learned after my second DUI. Coming up on 9 months sober now. I wish it hadn't taken so long for me to get here. A lot of money family issues and hard lessons learned!
This is an excellent reminder. I hope these events are a major turning point for him and that he embraces sobriety.
I grew up in the country and drinking and driving is an accepted behaviour. I absolutely hate it. I don't know anyone who has killed anyone else but I do know some who died very young some who have been in accidents and some who have DUI's...a couple with multiple charges. It's so dangerous and such a preventable thing especially in the city. I wish your friend the best truly.
Its a story played out everyday. He is going to stop one way or another. You can find a solution or you can't. Some how I did and very grateful for my life. 
I got a DUI.  When I got out of jail the first thing I did was have a drink.  My stress because of this was so bad that my drinking took a nose dive.  It certainly did not stop me from drinking and driving.  I even drove with an open bottle of scotch next to me.  It took the longest time to get me out of it and thank god I did before something like this happened.   All my compassion and prayers go to him.
Sometimes seeing or hearing the horror stories reminds me how real this addiction is. It's easy to stay sober on a pink cloud. But when normalcy settles in I'm going to need to see and hear the truth about alcoholism to help keep me sober. That truth is pain death sickness embarrassment and imprisonment. Thanks for a dose of reality. Now I'm definitely not drinking tonight.
I hate that he insisted on drinking and driving. Still I also feel horrible for him. I hope he can recover. 
Went down this road many times. Hopefully he will wake up one morning and say that's enough. Judging from those events the time should be close.
I came down to my computer to 'check in' am feeling rotten and I drink to mask how bad I feel.. I clicked on this and it's a good reminder that while drinking to mask feeling bad might feel like temporary relief it's also slowly killing me over time and ultimately putting me in a bad position for any kind of future I might want.. Thanks for posting this.
My birthday is coming up and I'm having those "I could probably get away with it one more time" thoughts. I've only been sober for 53 days but a part of me is convinced that I can do it I really needed to read this. 
My heart hurts reading this.
Thanks for sharing this. I know I won't get away with picking up a drink. The things that I ran away from by drinking eventually learned to chase me. I'm grateful I don't have to run today. Your friend is in my thoughts I hope he stops running from whatever it is he's running from.
Jesus this hit close to home. I've been relapsing looking at it as an 'I can sneak this drunk in.' Who am I bullshitting? No one cares if I drink or not except me and I do mental gymnastics to 'get away with it.' I'm back at the end of day 1. I need to remember what's at stake. Im sorry he's going through such a rough time.
[removed]
Thank you - my hearts breaks for your friend.
If I drink again I know I will drive. And I will get caught and it will be a state jail felony.
