-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vmjp0/no_i_am_not_too_young_to_be_an_alcoholic_because/

Rant-y post approaching tread at your own risk. ..Hi guys. So on February 7th I realized that alcohol was a really big problem for me and I dropped it. It was a lot harder than I thought it would be and I didn't make it a week before a particularly ugly relapse. I am now on a seven day streak and fifteen days of being aware that I'm an alcoholic. I am 20 years old. ..This happened after drinking almost every day for five years. Since fifteen. 15. Craving alcohol at every turn. Graduating high school by the skin of my ass - not because it was hard because I was either drunk or hungover most of the time. Tanking my first year of college and losing my financial aid. Hurting other people. Hurting myself. Having to live with terrible awful things that happened either directly or indirectly because of my drinking and CONTINUING TO DRINK ANYWAY. ..But for reasons beyond me I'm apparently too young to have a drinking problem. My friends think I'm just taking a break and I was being dramatic when I was detoxing (even though I could barely hold down water and I lost five pounds in a week). I haven't even told my family because they're all alcoholics too that have normalized binge drinking so much that it's almost tradition; they look at me funny now that I don't accept wine with dinner anymore. I don't go to my favorite pool spot anymore because the bartenders and my old pool friends literally hold shots in my face for me to drink after I've told them I'm sober at least three times (this is usually followed by "oh my bad dude didn't realize you were still on that thing"). Everyone thinks I'm supposed to be having fun and getting fucked up all the time or I just had a really bad hangover and I'm still a little scared but I'll be "back"...Like...what. The. FUCK. Would you tell a 20 year old that just kicked heroin that they're too young to have a drug problem? That this is what we're supposed to be doing cause we're kids? That they're so young and they need to live a little? "Oh dude you're sober? You're so straight edge. Come on just shoot up with us it's what we always used to do."? Fuck no. I even posted on Reddit using a throwaway and this came up (different topic different sub) and got "at your age no one will take your sobriety seriously."..It's just really fucking frustrating. I know damn well what drinking did to me for five years. I know the pain. I know that I don't fucking want it. Respect that I don't want it. If you can't understand that basic concept kindly fuck off. Addiction doesn't give a fuck how old you are how well off you are how much your friends do it or any other arbitrary bullshit. It takes who it wants. And I'm still happy that I stopped when I did because if I didn't who fucking knows where I'd end up? My "friends" damn sure wouldn't know (I don't even know if they'd care). I only have three people in my life who are really supporting me on this and seeing how much of a bonehead everyone else in my life is towards this makes me so much more grateful for them. Because this is goddamn absurd let me tell you. ..URGH. I'm gonna walk my dog now. But Jesus. ..*end rant*..EDIT: walked the dog had a cigarette almost had a drink because I was still pretty steamed but I came here and read the comments. You guys are really great. :') Still not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

*slow clap*..Bravo sir. It IS frustrating being told that. I was 25 when I quit and I could have easily quit at 20 years old. I had a massive problem at that age too. 
You can't convince other people  Even after I was in  outpatient substance-abuse programs people still didn't believe that I had an issue. The danger in that is that if you don't have your own determination  you can allow their disbelief to affect you. And that's where it can get dangerous in relapsing. But you seem determined so good luck and ignore em!
Fuck other people and what they say. They're not living your life you are. And if you want a better life it's up to you to do what you need to do to get it. Do whatever it takes and drown out all that noise that people are throwing at you. You know you best. It's hard but try to ignore it and stay away from those (who you can) who are trying to block your path. They don't get it and they don't have to. Only you do. ..I WISH I was your age when I finally realized I was an alcoholic it would have saved me years of pain and devastation. I wish someone had told me then that I had a problem. Then again I probably wouldn't have believed them. Or maybe they did try to tell me who knows I was in a constant state of blacking out. .. Bravo kid fight the good fight. 
you know yourself better than anyone. you're making a really smart decision and i'm impressed with your maturity. I know how frustrating it is but we have to remember that we're doing this for ourselves and not because of what other people think. 
I'm 24 and I agree its frustrating as hell when people think I'm to young to get sober. Its like everybody has this notion of what an alcoholic is suppose to be and they all think its just crazy for someone to become addicted to a substance in their 20's
I'm 20 too man. I understand as my family is full of alcoholics ass well. I haven't told my family yet except for my dad. He doesn't push it on me but I can tell he doesn't think I'm gonna really quit. .We're gonna kick this shit for good man and in a year were gonna be having a kick ass time while all our bonehead drunk friends are just drunk not really enjoying themselves. .It's a blessing we found out young because who knows what was ahead in 5-10 years hell even next year. ..I will not drink with you today. 
awesome bro ... and great rant.  it helps to talk about it. you are strong we are here for you fellow sobernaut!
Wise beyond your years. Wish I was as smart and self aware as you are when I was your age. I drank heavily for 25+ years; and I started when I was about 19 or 20 ... I will not drink with you today and best wishes to you. Be well!  
I'm 27 now I have been drinking since I was 16. My first serious attempt at quitting was when I was 20 and as you can see by my flair it didn't stick. It has been harder every time I try to quit I wish so much I could have made it stick when I was 20. A friend of mine who was getting sober when I first tried just had his 7 year sober birthday and I wish it was me. You are never too young to have an addiction trust your instincts. 
Alcohol doesn't care how old you are it's a poison and it takes it's toll. It is a combustible fuel... it's funny the social pressures to consume it. I'm coming up on a half year sober. I quit and relapsed so many times. I was in the hospital 3 times last year from complications of alcohol withdrawal. The vast majority of people don't understand alcohol withdrawal like you got to. Even a lot of alcoholics don't get to understand it because they never quit until they die. Even me quitting at 29 many people think that it's too young to be an alcoholic... let me assure you it wasn't. Keep the supporters around you. I was lucky to have support from my friends and family. Even an alcoholic buddy of mine is supportive now. Don't let people drag you down with them. Rise up you're still young with so many great opportunities ahead. It's a battle... my biggest piece of unasked for advice is to stay proud of every day you stay sober. The one person you always have to live with is yourself. It's an accomplishment every day you can say no to that invisible demon on your shoulder that wants you to drink. I'm sober with you today. Best Wishes-
Glad to see you here!
People feel the need to have others around them who are just like them. It's a survival instinct...I'm part-way through the process of ditching some 'friends' and creating new ones that have a healthier outlook on life...One thing I can say is that I wish I had addressed my alcohol issues when I was in my 20s rather than in my 40s...It's not called 'getting wasted' for nothing...I will not drink with you today.
i'm curious how old are you supposed to be before you're allowed to quit drinking then?! i which i had had the foresight and application to have tried quitting at 20...the thing about alcohol is it's a slow steady descent. you justify each increasing consumption: only drink at weekends ah thursday is close enough only drink wine not drink before 5pm. all these things compound and you don't think you have a problem until something major happens...congrats to you for addressing it now.
I'm 28. Although I didn't start my drinking in earnest until I was 21 I knew I was an alcoholic by 22. My first attempt to stop was then. I would have saved myself a lot of heartache had I kept with it. Not to mention all the opportunities I passed on because none of them seemed better than alcohol at the time...The good thing about only being 20 is that you have your whole life ahead of you. Not wasting your 20s by being drunk all the time might be the best thing you'll ever do. 
I'm 22 and finally went sober right after New Years this year. I've had a problem since high school too. I get the same kind of comments from people. I've just started saying I'm on a cleanse to shut them up. Props to you for realizing it so young. ..I smoke too. Don't even bother trying to give up cigarettes until you've been sober for a long time. Sure they're bad for your health but they won't ruin your life like alcohol will. When I'm really heated or stressed I'll just smoke a cig instead of having a drink like I used to. ..
I really feel this. I'm 19 and haven't told my friends or family because I know I'd get the same reaction and my parents are historically not supportive of me. I've been drinking regularly since I was 13 and like an alcoholic since I was 16. Never been hospitalised or anything but would sneak shots before going to class although I've never done that in university. ..It's hard to navigate accepting that you have a problem especially as someone young and high-functioning. My grades are good at uni but I've missed exams and conferences because of hangovers not to mention countless classes. There was a point where I was hiding it so well I was hiding it from myself. I was lying to others so convincingly about the problems I was creating for myself that I started to believe the lies too. I'm pretty much just at the point where I'm willing to admit that normal college drinking is not binge-drinking literally every night by yourself sneaking drinks at work and lying to everybody about it...Good luck man! This post really got me. 
