-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5vwnis/only_945am_and_already_im_scared_of_relapsing/

I will be alone at home this evening with a lot of shit on my mind. I know this is when I will self destruct. I can't get the thought of drinking out of my head...Feel ashamed for being so weak. ..I don't want to be like this but I'm afraid.
----------immediate responses--------

All the more reason to checkin... there will somebody on here all day and night to chat and help you through just focus on today on getting through today. Any stresses and problems you have will only grow with drinking I'm here and I won't drink with you today or tonight!! xx I believe in you :)
Having a plan has helped me. A movie to watch dinner planned that doesn't involve cooking (takeout or eat out) a good book call someone you haven't talked to in a while write in a journal chat on SD. Or the opposite... CLEAN. Both with plenty to drink (tea coffee soda juice). But either way I have a plan. It's when there's nothing to do but sit with my thoughts that I have trouble. .I won't drink with you!! 
When I read "I can't get the thought of drinking out of my head" I swear to God I first read it as "I can't get the thought out of my drinking head" kinda weird but maybe it means something? Believe me I know about these thoughts...Sometimes it helps me if I don't try to fight the thoughts but I just kind of let them happen. It's like I recognize it observe it and then it goes away faster! I am not my thoughts. You can't always control your thoughts but you are in control of your decisions for today! Plus you already checked in here you totally got this! 
I'm sending energy!  Thus is a situation when I go to a meeting!
I have been thinking about drinking a lot lately - no major trigger just feel tired and want to switch off from the intensity and feel normal whatever that means. Anyway - the only thing stopping me right now is the desire to see how else my life mental and emotional state will change in coming weeks. You just got through the physically hardest part 2 weeks!! Imagine if this is just one little hurdle - what's waiting on the other side if you get over it? 15 days and counting what changes might week 3 bring? For now just get through today using everything you can AA sounds like as much of a plan as the first great idea you had today - coming here. Hope the day turns out better than you might think xx
I'll come party in the chat room with you.  It's a ton better than the other option!
I for one could not do it alone.  I went to a lot of meetings to avoid being in situations where I could drink.  Mine were AA but there are choices now in some places try one try em all...Nothing says we have to do this alone...
I'm reading both  can't help!!! ;)) chat layer
I couldn't commit to an entire day when I first started. I literally took it hour by hour. I figured that I can do or put up with just about anything for an hour. ..Stay strong! Sending out good vibes and positive thoughts!
Hey :) how're you doing? It's been a pretty hectic day I have 3 too :)
