-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w0f20/getting_through_to_your_friends/

This is a thing I've struggled a lot with before. I talk with my friends about drinking too much and quitting but they've always just brushed it off as a dramatic gesture stemming from having anxiety and having drunk too much recently and they've been annoyed that I just keep doing it and never stick to it. (Oh man if they knew...) Yesterday I told them I'd joined an online community. "What of people who worry too much?"...That's sort of how it's gone. For years. But today I talked with each of them individually and explained what is going on and incredibly it seemed like each of them finally got it: I suck at quitting but *I suck even more at moderation* and I need their help to wrestle this bastard to the ground and keep him there. They've agreed to not offer drinks and keep an eye on me. One wouldn't so... he's out. I told him that's how it had to be and he got mad and still wouldn't do it so there it was....I lost one friend but at this point I think of it as more of having saved a whole handful. I wanted to share this because I struggled for so long with them and now it finally clicked. I know this makes me incredibly lucky and privileged but I wanted to post this for the two lessons I learned: it *can* work. I gave it my best shot and it worked. It might be a good idea to give your friends the benefit of the doubt. But if it doesn't even when you've made the terms clear well... it's for the best and it's necessary....Sorry I'm posting a lot let me know if I should tone it down. I'm just giddy and excited to finally be on this train -- our train! -- after so many false starts.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry about posting too much. People can ignore posts if they want :) also I like how this space is kind of used as an open journal. I like seeing what's going on in peoples' heads and lives. It's important. The major psychological side that I've struggled with is how alone I've felt. And feel. So I love seeing intimate things on here. It's real. So post away :)..And big congrats on really trying to get through to your friends. I've only really told a few close ones what's REALLY going on and they are all 100% supportive. But to a lot of people your stopping and getting healthy shines light on their own behavior. Some people don't handle that well. That doesn't mean they are bad people or bad friends necessarily. But that also doesn't mean they are good for you to be around at the moment. Sorry for your loss of a friend but sobriety and the support system it takes will really show you who's important. Best of luck to you and I won't drink with you today.
Post **all the time** if that's what helps you! I'm glad you're giddy and excited. ..I'm glad your friends (most of them at least) are being supportive. Many people don't realize how bad things have *really* gotten in private. I know that I hid at least 50% of my drinking from everyone my husband included. ..Keep it up! I won't drink with you! 
I used to hide the extent of my drinking.  Now I hide the extent of my NOT drinking. :)  Props to you for asking for the support that you want from your friends.  I tend to keep people at arm's length (I'm working on it...) so for me it's easier to do my thing and not talk about it.  I do talk about things with my AA pals but even there it takes an effort for me to share what's going on in my head.
Not everyone sees alcohol for the poison that it is. Some people don't mind it's deleterious effects on themselves and their communities. And there are probably very few who do actually 'drink responsibly.'  Wanting to be sober for me means claiming responsibility for identifying it for what it is as a a personal and cultural problem and overcoming it. It's a change of lifestyle; you wanted to initiate it for yourself your friends have not felt the same way it's gonna be challenge your relationships. It's a good thing. 
