-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w1ps6/can_i_go_back_and_relive_my_life_sober/

Feeling very depressed tonight and I know I obvioulsy can't do this but the more I get sober the more I wish I could go back and just live my life without booze.....would I have been a better person or a worse person does struggle really make us appreciate life?  Would I have the beautiful life of people I see on facebook?  Again almost typing this out has answerered my question but I just want to vent and get it out.  Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

I think we have the same case of the blues going on.  That actually gives me hope though because it could mean that this is a typical response at our stage of recovery.  Let's make a pact; you &amp; I won't beat ourselves up about the past &amp; instead we'll just focus on being the best sober people that we can be moving forward. What do you say friend? 
But you get to change your story now. It's a beautiful thing.
Feeling the same way...It sucks.  I understand I need to look to today on how I can make my life better and a better future can come.  Though it sucks when I think of the past....Which happens alot!
The thing is that although you can't go back and just live your life without booze you can move *forward* and live your life without booze. Who cares about going back? It's the future that is important. The future is the only place I can be different. It's the only place where I can work towards becoming the person I want to be. ..I would caution you against believing that what you see on facebook represents reality. What you see is only what people want others to see. It's not an accurate representation of anyone's life. ..I believe that I can have a good and healthy life if I stay sober and take care of myself. I believe you can too and that the fact that we have this opportunity is beautiful in and of itself. 
Oh man what I wouldn't give for the opportunity to impart the wisdom I have now about alcohol to my younger self. To have gone to university and focused on my studies sports and interests. To have built my career sober...Alas that's super unlikely to happen. I find it comforting however to view my life as a book: I can't change the chapters I have already written but I do get to steer my story in a better direction moving forwards. In a way this is now starting over for me I've since completed my studies embarked on a new career path and am enjoying varied interests.
i look at it as every single thing i have been through has brought me to this day. it all happens how it is supposed to even if we have no idea why. can't change the past. all we have is today. ..hope you have an amazing saturday   
