-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5w4g57/the_thought/

So I F-ing relapse yesterday . The dam thought of having a beer its so over rated everywhere you see every feeling you F-ing  feel at the moment it's over powers  by that little stupid ass voice  part in your brain thats says " it be cool working in the back yard and having a cold one . I have been sober for three weeks . I have been quitting off and on for the last year . But I guess I'm just doing the process I need to do to get sober. I dint  even enjoy it I start getting the same lame ass thoughts. Listen here if you are sober and thinking about drinking  it's just the thought !! It's not going to happen the way you think . Specially if you have had a taste of sobriety . I join the gym I have my wife feeling my muscle and I notice the chicks at work looking at me because my confidence is up there in the good way . Something I thought could be achieve though being a drinker ! I love being sober and feeling sharp and alive !! It's just a thought an image of what you will feel wen you drink ! It's fucken false . What's real it's sobriety I'm happy I only drank 4 and I fought my self so I started to drink water and went to bed . I woke up with a slight head ache which suck ! But I'm good enough to get coffe and hit the gym with the wife .. as for today and hopefully for a while I won't drink with you today ! Have a great real live experience sober day ! 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on stopping after 4 and realizing that the romance of drink is not the reality ;)
That's what happened to me I thought it would be so cool just to have a couple glasses of wine but it didn't do it for me.  I didnt even get a good buzz.  It was so not worth it!!! So when I get cravings now I think to myself it's not going to be worth it this is not what I want!  I think it's great you figured it out!  I think that is a great sign for recovery!  
I won't drink with you today.  Great you came right back after the slip.  
I won't drink with you today. Glad it was only a blip slip and glad you're back on the right track!  Have a great workout and alcohol-free day. 
