-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wadta/joining_the_triple_digits_club_today/

Hi SD.Today I joined the triple digits club today as it is my 100 day milestone. I couldn't have done it without you guys and the unrivaled support. Seeing posts ranging from just beginning to the veterans with over 1000 days it really helps keep me on track and moving forward...A couple of changes over the last 100 days:.-lost 15 pounds overall.-started going to the gym.-saved enough money from not drinking to upgrade computer to   .VR ready.-started going out more instead of being drunk alone at home.-Overall just feel more like Me..Thanks again to everyone for being positive and having each others backs. I hope someone that is struggling in their journey will see this and see that they are not alone in the dark times and do have people to celebrate the successes with...I will not drink with you guys today!..~AWC
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! I will not drink with you today!
Congrats! Looking forward to joint triple digit club!
Awesome congrats! Can't wait till I hit that milestone. I'll not drink with you today
Congrats on 100 congrats on the working out and all the other added benefits that come from sobriety. Xx
Congratulations! Thanks for reminding me what I can look forward to. I will not drink with you today. 
"Overall just feel more like me."..Is that crazy?  When we drink we assume that we'll be more like ourselves after a beer or two.  Yet it's completely the opposite - we're more ourselves when we are actually 100% us not chemically altered.  ..Congrats on the 100 days very proud of you.
Congrats! On my way to the triple club....
Congrats!  What VR are you looking to get with that VR-ready computer?  I have an Oculus Rift but both it and the Vive are great choices.  Also if you're looking for game recommendations feel free to hit me up.
Congratulations on your triple digits and all the great changes you've made over the past 100 days! 
We quit the same day. Huge congrats and I second everything you said about having SD as a consistent and friendly support.
Saving your life and saving money is a win win..great job. 
Congrats on 100!! :-)
Nice one son!!! 
Welcome to the club!!!  You're doing great.  I will not drink with you today.
Congrats on the triple digits!
Awesome keep it up!
Congratulations!  I won't drink with you today.  Thanks for posting the good news.
Happy 100th! Congrats!
