-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wju55/day_one/

Background: I am a 28 year old female (29 in two days actually). I have not had a sober day in over 2 1/2 years. In that time I have gained about 45 pounds. I spend about $200 a month on wine. I drink over a bottle per night more on the weekends. I don't drink very much socially but I slam it down when I am home alone. ..I don't have many friends my family is not in town and I have no relationship (or prospects). There is no one to hold me accountable. I want my healthy eating and exercising to start paying off - what is the point when I am consuming hundreds of calories a day in wine? Plus all of the sugar - my dad is a diabetic I'm sure I am on the cusp. ..The point of all of this is - you can easily see why I need to stop drinking. But I am struggling to want to. I want the feeling of drinking a bottle of wine tonight. But I don't want to miss half the morning of work like I do about 3 times a week. What if I lose my job? ..TLDR; I need help to start quitting. 
----------immediate responses--------

Reaching out here is a great first step. I think there are a lot of people who struggle with loneliness and lack of accountability which makes it harder to stop. Have you thought of getting yourself to a meeting? You can check local listings for AA but there is also SMART and Refuge Recovery as alternatives. Also if you're looking to lose weight maybe joining a gym would help with filling up some of that free time you'd have on your hands from quitting and might be a good place to meet people. Best wishes and keep us posted.
This could be a great time to improve your life and do some exciting things!  With stopping the amount of wine your drinking a person could easily lose 1-2 pounds a week!  The money you would save could pay for gym membership or some nice summer cloths for your slimmer you.  Most importantly you will just feel so much better from getting away from the depressant that is alcohol.  I would think all of this would greatly help with self esteem and developing friendships.  I think it's a no brainer.  I know it was very hard for me at first and I drank a similar amount of wine to you each evening.  But it is soooo worth it and my job performance went way up!  Good luck to you!
Welcome! I was really in two minds when I first quit drinking. Alcohol was the centre of my world. However my drinking levels were harmful and I started to see that alcohol was costing me too much. Lurking here helped me to reflect on my own habits and I started to unpin my web of excuses and lies. I got pretty fearful for the risk to my health of my drinking so resolved to do the unthinkable and stop for a while...My initial goals were 30 60 90 days. I visited my doctor for extra support and accountability. My withdrawals sucked nd the cravings were tough at first. I used sparkling water as a substitute and kept myself occupied - gaming reading netflix etc...After four months I had adjusted pretty well and decided to remain sober as I'm a much better version of me sober. From that point onwards I started focusing on living a more balanced life more interests more exercise etc. I'm healthy fit and happy. I'm on a new career path. I never imagined this was possible when I started! When I go for  cycle ride on the weekend followed by a hot bath I realise that's a way better feeling than alcohol ever gave me.
This is meant to be helpful but it might come out sounding more doomed: I failed a couple times. I put on an immense amount of weight (maybe 140 pounds over the course of 6 years) ..I am where I am now sober for (whatever that tag says) I've lost probably 45 pounds and am still working at it and not drinking feels okay but shit I'll be honest they're so many days that I wake up and for whatever reason feel like it's day one again. Maybe I gave myself a break over the weekend from working out and anything over 3 days makes it a hurdle to get back maybe some days I have an angry fuckin migraine (mine remind me of the worst hangovers I had) .."It gets easier. You just have to do it every day; that's the hard part"
Glad your here. Me and my wine... me and my Budweiser. ... just us two... and maybe a few drunk text or occasional hook-ups... we were all we needed... yes I remember it well. Like it was yesterday.. 90 days ago!!!!  Turned out it wasnt just us two. We invited Mr. Hangover.. Mrs . Heartburn and her cousin Heart palpitations. And there was Mr . Guilt to bring us down as well.. ha. Their all gone for now and I'm not gonna sit here missung them. No I'm  just getting to know me and well its going pretty good. I did meet Mrs. Clear eyes . And Mr . No hangover today. Cool ones they are.   
Well - last night I drank about a half a bottle of wine. This is a start. I also slept well and woke up ON TIME made it to work on time and don't feel like I want to fall asleep at my desk right now. I also didn't overeat at dinner. .You would think just that experience would make me think "oh yeah I'm quitting for sure!" But I am still wanting a bottle of wine. What the hell
