-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wn6x2/too_far_gone_trigger_warning/

I'm writing this for my fellow community members who like me believed/were told they were too far gone to quit or change. I posted yesterday about learning to forgive myself and it got me thinking about my long hard journey to a year of sobriety (which will hit on March 2). Despite the thousands of things I regret I realized how lucky I am to be here and how worthwhile my sobriety efforts have been. Trigger warning for assault...I began drinking in college with everyone else in my friend group. Unlike everyone else however I was drinking to mask the pain of a troubled childhood an assault and various other difficulties. I knew I was an alcoholic at 20 having drank every day during my sophomore year of college. I tried and failed to quit. ..Things grew progresssively worse after a second assault (went to a party after 3 months of sobriety and the first drink I had was spiked). I was functioning for a while. I kept it together for the most part: managing to finish school and entering a fast-paced career. Things began to spiral when I was 24 however and I'm still feeling the repercussions to this day. ..I've been in psych wards. I've spent a week in the hospital hallucinating as I detoxed. I've had welfare checks called on me numerous times. I've ended up in terrible relationships and in the back of cop cars during mental breaks fueled by alcohol. I've been asked to leave apartments by kind and caring roommates who believed I needed to be with family/in rehab because they feared I'd kill myself. ..I was told by an ER nurse that I was on the fast-track to dying of liver failure and after I told him about my liter-of-vodka per day habit he checked me for jaundice. My parents cried every time I came home drunk again and still I could not quit.  ..When drinking at home was no longer an option I stayed with friends who were as deep into their addictions as I was...eventually ending up in a flophouse where my best friend tried to trade me for meth. Even after the last experience it still took me a year to quit completely. ..My last experience with drinking was the worst by far. After a year spent relapsing off and on I had officially cracked. I was officially broken and I humiliated myself more publicly than ever. I blacked out and did the worst thing I've ever done while drinking coming to in the middle of it. I didn't murder fight or assault anyone but it was bad. .. When I finally sobered up (which took two days of tapering as I'd learned the hard way about self detox) I decided I didn't want to die. And if I had finally damaged my liver beyond repair I didn't want to die still drinking. ..In sobriety I've become incredibly honest and I apologize for the wall of text. When I was lurking on this site I often sought stories similar to mine stories from fellow alcoholics who found themselves lower than they believed possible. ..The darkness was far darker than I knew it could be my existence more desperate than I could bear. I should not be here. I take responsibility for my actions all of them and struggle with regrets and forgiving myself daily but I am grateful to be here. If anyone out there like me believed they were beyond saving I'm here and I believe in you. Your bottom is where you stop digging ..........
----------immediate responses--------

Wow.  Eloquently put and an incredibly honest post.  I wish you well.
Doing irreparable damage to the body doing terrible things while black out drunk -- this has been my story too. Glad you're here. And huge congrats in advance on your year!
 Beautiful. You inspire all of us no matter what stage we're at. Thank you.
Thank you for sharing your story.  We  all have similar but different stories.  When people share we broaden the opportunities for someone to find a story similar to their own to find hope that they are not alone and to stop feeling / believing they are the only person to ever do whatever it is they did.  ..I am glad you have sorted out the guilt and self foregiveness balance for yourself.  You have done no wrong we are all sober or not faced with coming to terms with our actions and life choices.  When I got one of my big wake up calls about my life and my belief system I realised that I had so much work to do on myself before I could even look at what other people were doing or not doing. A somewhat humbling lesson to say he least. Fwiw your lowest moment for you sounds like it hurt you more than anyone else.....I hope you stay strong forgiving yourself and working on letting go of the past it happened but it does not need to define you now or how you see yourself...Love and blessings
Great stuff here and well written Hubris got me into this mess damned if it'll pull me back in!
Reading this helped me strengthen my resolve this morning. Thank you for sharing and for the brutal honesty. 
Thank you for your honesty. I can totally relate :)
Wow I thought I was in deep; you make my story seem tame by comparison. Not that it's a competition  but your path is one for the books. ..Thanks for sharing but I guess that's what we do here. We all grow from hearing as well as sharing our own experiences. It's amazing how terrible this poison is and available everywhere in a variety of flavours. What a world we live in. ..Well congrats on pulling yourself from the depths of hell; I guess you still have work to do in this world. You are a shining example that it's never too late no matter how far gone you think you are. ..Welcome back to life and freedom. 
I'm so sorry for the pain you've experienced. Here's a hug for you. 
Thanks for sharing your story. I will not drink with you today. 
Just wanted to thank you for your beautiful words. Your last paragraph was extremely poetic and I absolutely love the line "Your bottom is where you stop digging."..I can definitely relate to the blacking out and doing terrible things - the really terrifying for me are times that I don't even know what I did just vague memories on a carousel playing out the events of the previous night unsure where the lines between fiction and reality blur.
Thank you for sharing your journey. I'm sorry for what you've been through and I'm so thankful you are here with us! You're an inspiration.
You made me cry lol thanks. Really thanks for sharing. This place saved my life and I felt similarly that there was no hope. Hope today is a little brighter for you than yesterday :)
Wow a year sober after all that struggle-- that's huge! Well done you should be very proud you've earned it!
I often ask this question of myself 'am I beyond help too far down the rabbit hole..' I would say probably not but the damage i have done over the decades is irreparable.  That said I'm still relatively young so determined to turn my experiences into a positive and just see what I can achieve when I'm not off my head running around chasing a good time or drinking n (god knows mate) myself to oblivion be it at home or in a bar late at night.  Well done for turning things around it sounds like you've had it rough.  I can't really pinpoint one or two things that started me i got a taste for it young and drank till i dropped and never managed to break the habit things just got worse. It's great to hear you're doing well now I think I'm on the right track. Positive thinking x 
Thank you for sharing. I really needed this today. Congrats on your sobriety.
Congrats on your turnaround...In my years in AA I have seen some amazing recoveries both physical and mental.  The ability of our body to heal **once we stop dumping poison into it** is awesome..
Sending positive and encouraging thoughts. Thank you for sharing your story. We are all in this together.
Amazing and powerful. Well done. You have a gift with words btw. You should write more.
Beautifully written! Feeling more inspired from you. Congrats on a year - huge accomplishment! 
Thank you for your words and honesty. Congratulations on your one year....I will not be having a drink with you in spirit.
