-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5wnw5v/ndv/

Had a pretty good victory on Saturday.  I had to attend a benefit party I was on the planning committee for. Tons of well to do people free top shelf booze really nice plated dinner with wine pairings.  For the first time in this journey I was really struggling. I kept having that inner monologue "It's okay you can have a glass of wine with dinner.  You can have a vodka water.  Just don't take it too far."  I had to ask my s/o for help. I said I was really struggling. She said she was there to support me. She helped me to remember that I didn't need to drink to have a good time. No one cares if I drink or not.  Anyway thanks to her support I made it through and stayed sober.  Really thankful she was able to make it. She almost didn't come. If she hadn't been there I'm not sure I would have kept my resolve. ..I was bound to struggle at some point.  I'm just glad my support system was there. Everyone else was drunk and wouldn't have been any help. ..I did break down this morning and buy a pack of smokes. Fuck man...quitting the booze seems to have only gotten harder the further I get in to it. Not sure what really has changed.  I decided I would rather stay sober and smoke than drink and be smoke free. I did over 100 days smoke free that was great. But right now my focus is on quitting alcohol and staying sober. I can only climb one mountain at a time.  ..So...today is a new today and I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you have the support of your wife. Great job not drinking! I will not drink with you today! 
Nice job! I have a work conference coming up next month. My first one sober. You've reminded me that I'm going to need to reach out in order to make it through. I'll let my sober supports know that I'll need to check in before during and after. 
Congrats on a beautiful NDV! Your post just made me stop and think. Wine pairing dinners were something that I did every week. I haven't been to one or to any of the restaurants that offered them since November 2015. I missed it when I first got sober and I think it would make me very uncomfortable if I attempted to go to any of those restaurants; so I don't go...I think it's awesome that you went to the benefit party completed your tasks and remained vigilant! I also want to say congrats on serving on the committee and dedicating your time for your benefit. Perhaps you'll post about this in Monday's AoK (Act of Kindness)?
Do what you gotta do man. I quit both at the same time and it feels great. For me I gave myself permission to smoke if I felt like it was jeopardizing my sobriety which is way more important in my mind. ..I hear it gets easier at some point. Keep it up I'll be sober with you today!
Good job! My girlfriend has been a huge help for me too. There have been a couple days I would have caved if it wasn't for her. I also went back to smoking. It's not healthy but it's not going to ruin my life like alcohol will. 
