-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ww83m/first_smart_meeting_impressions/

I've been to a couple dozen AA meetings in my early recovery and while I greatly appreciate the meetings on their merits the overall program just doesn't feel like a fit for me.  In that state of mind I attended my first SMART meeting.  There were maybe 8 of us including the facilitator.  Felt like less because we were in an auditorium setting (not ideal)...Overall it was a positive experience because it was a proper discussion.  People had more to share and offer.  At the beginning the facilitator read guidelines for discussion - similar to the ones here: avoid direct advice mainly ask questions for clarifications and share experiences.  The facilitator was trained but not a clinical professional.  He was a former addict.  ..Basically it felt like how I imagined group therapy.  I was able to get more off my chest there than in 20+ AA meetings.  And actually talk to and listen to other addicts about their addiction and other life and relationship struggles.  In AA it was just a series of "shares": struggling people talking about difficulty and pain for 30 seconds followed by sympathetic looks and back pats then long-timers talking for minutes about how great everything is usually peppered with pithy platitudes.  (granted - there's value in that too)...It wasn't perfect though.  There was one guy who piped in constantly loving the sound of his own voice.  I hate that in work meetings and hated it more in this setting.  And the facilitator was a little gabby himself often preferring that to facilitating discussion.  ..Also it was maybe a bit too laid back.  An older woman expressed her desire to get back to moderate wine drinking with her husband (she had years of problems). And a young woman there because she was diagnosed as bipolar and at the recommendation of a doctor kept saying "I'm not sure I'm an alcoholic so I dunno if I need to stop."  Both times the group and facilitator were like "yeah sure cool man do you."  I mean it's good that they don't preach but it felt a little too permissive.  There's a fine line but they avoided the heck out of it...TL;DR SMART is basically group therapy warts and all.  I liked it.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you had a good experience.  It's nice to hear from folks who have liked a SMART meeting and to let others know what they're like.  I've always thought it's a good thing that there are so many different styles of meetings out there; after all there are a lot of different styles of people and a lot of different styles of problems.  One size doesn't really fit all.  Congratulations on going to the meeting that's awesome.
Good on you for checking it out. Remember like any organization SMART's meetings are all a bit different. The one I went to recently was actually a bit formal for my taste. ..WRT moderation or uncertainty about abstinence SMART programmatically does not censor people speaking for themselves about moderation etc but the purpose of the meeting is to devote time solely to abstinence in one of its many facets. So you can say you're interested in moderation as part of the check-in but you're really not supposed to talk about any nuts and bolts of it. ..As for over-permissiveness remember that SMART doesn't have an agenda or "program" one way or another. IOW there are no (or very few) "rules" or even formal recommendations - just a set of tools one can use to help maintain their abstinence. ..Try another if there is one near you to see how it fits maybe...
SMART Recovery is working for me.
AWESOME! What so many people don't realize although the 12 steps are great and I work them is that this is exactly it- not the 12 steps. This is what Bill W discovered: the act of talking with another alcoholic or addict is the solution. Obviously that's at it's simplest but the solution is community working with others etc....I've never seen a real alcoholic do it completely alone. 
