-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5x2sv5/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_wreckage/

As a volunteer I am able to cross through a series of gates which separate what is in many ways a parallel universe from mine...In this universe things are often magnified. More intense.  The meeting last night was on the Third step (we do one a month) but rather than go down that rabbit hole - we were discussing powerlessness and a sub-theme came up the wreckage of the past...This is usually unstated the reason they are all there - is wreckage of the past - a state mandated amend is in effect - often with no definite end in sight (many of these me are serving 25 to life and have been inside for the 25 of that.)  This is rubble with it comes it petty dictators who control their lives the massive sets of rules the forced close co-existence with people they would rather not associate with...Some of the men in the group are going to the parole board this month - and are hoping they may be released (with conditions and restrictions) and this is delicate - the parole board releases very few - but the opportunity to hope is almost irresistible.  All the well knowing the "hit" will be that much harder as the fantasies are ripped away.  Some men actually decline to go to the board for this reason.....So the wreckage of my past was not pretty but it was not the bombed out landscape some of these men are dealing with...preachybit1/ not to diminish anyone's troubles but odds are the place you have to sleep tonight is better than the dorm in this correctional facility.  And there is the opportunity to change circumstances which it does not require a parole board's approval../preachybit1..One man and then another spoke about having grown children they had not seen since the children were seven.  One man is trying to reconnect - the other told him that if there is a response to expect the first letter to be "the fuck you letter".  But that after that there is the opportunity the possibility of a connection - of trying again as a grandfather if only in a visitors room...And through this all there was a ribbon of hope of understanding that this is the process where we change the things about us that caused the debris fields to form.  ..When I write these I struggle to express the profound feelings - the connections between people who have been in such dark places - and who now are seeing some light even if it is filtered by the razor wire and fences of their current experience...preachybit2/ I always leave with gratitude.  And an understanding of living in the moment. /preachybit2  ..edited for grammar and clarity..
----------immediate responses--------

I really enjoy reading about your experiences in the prison. It really resonates with me how much you get and share from these meetings. 
This is really good. Keep posting these
Slip as usual your insights are always a valuable experience for me.  There are always many many facets of the narrative that touch me in various ways.  ..I'm always reminded "that but for the Grace of God" go I;  I'm always reminded that I (and most people herein) are but *one drink and undesired consequence* from unalterably having my life changed forever - and even worse possibly changing other innocents from having their lives changed because of me; I'm always reminded that I *can learn from everyone* if I am willing --- If I can see the other person as a human like me with feelings emotions wants needs desires ---- no matter what socio-economico-politico state they happen to occupy...Most importantly I am ALWAYS reminded that my true nature is manifested in my care and compassion and Kindness I show others...Thank you for your dedication and your caring heart to take these meetings inside those razor festooned walls...I'm grateful for you. 
I read these all the time and they are some of my favorite posts to the sub.  Yet I always read them as if they're a story that could never happen to me like a documentary or a news article.  I have no recollection of the end of so many nights.  There is literally no reason I couldn't have ended up behind the wheel and from there it's a short trip into one of your stories.  Heck I have two misdemeanors because of things done while drinking and I *still* never really thought 'hey that could be me'.  Like PG says there but for the grace of God...
Thank you for posting about the meeting. Your post today leaves me with a sense of gratitude as well.
I never tire of reading these but don't take the time to say it enough...Thanks!
&gt;&gt; the massive sets of rules..Without those rules Dad is left to make his own and that landed him in jail with all the rules. Sad little chicken and egg scenario. When he complains I have to remind him "Yeah well you shouldn't try to kill people." ..20 years seems like a long time and then parole month comes along and suddenly it's not enough. Thankfully the parole board agreed. :D
&gt;And through this all there ~~was~~ is a ribbon of hope of understanding that this is the process where ~~we~~ *I* change the things about ~~us~~ *me* that caused the debris fields to form. ..Because this is surely my journey too.  As usual thanks for a deep breath and tear this morning Slip.
I had to run by the court house today to fill out some paperwork and it's right next to the jail. I went into the jail briefly and it is absolutely a different universe in there. 
