-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5x8gu4/losing_my_mom_helped_me_quit_drinking/

I lost my mom on December 2nd 2015 to cancer. We never had a very good relationship while she was alive and were overall pretty distant. I kind of chalk it up to the fact that she really only kept people close who were of some use to her because of some narcissistic tendencies and I harbored a lot of resentments. She fought cancer in various parts of her body for a few years almost to the point that it seemed normal that she was sick. ...During this time I lived in another city about three hours away from her somewhat detached from the situation. We spoke on the phone sometimes but only when I would call her usually while drunk. I had developed a pretty bad alcohol problem over the course of about eight years drinking immediately after I accomplished what I had to for the day and not stopping until I passed out. And so it went only calling her when I was drunk because that's when I felt at-ease enough to talk to her. ...Fast-foreward to November of 2015 my older sister was going to host thanksgiving at her house with the intention of making it my mom's last thanksgiving. They went to pick her up from her house and found her on the floor barely breathing. After this we found an end of life home for her and put her in Hospice care. I took an incomplete in all my classes and time off work and was with her for the last few days of her life. My little sister and I were with her when she took her last breath. I remember that day very vividly. ...My mom had always suffered pretty bad depression and anxiety and hoarded fabric. She never planned ahead so my sisters and I were stuck figuring out what to do with her property and figuring out burial stuff and funeral stuff.. we also cleaned her living space out which included literal mountains of fabric and depressed writings and poems. That was one of the hardest days I've ever had.. I couldn't wait to drown it out later with a beer or three-hundred. ...After coming back home I grieved very heavily and my drinking increased by a lot.. almost in a constant state of intoxicated. I did manage to quit smoking a few days after she died because seeing someone die from cancer will do that to you.. I lived with my girlfriend and was being a huge asshole to her because I was hurt and drunk. I ended up breaking up with her and moving out due to this emotional whirlwind. ...Having all that time to myself I realized who I didn't want to be.. I didn't want to be my mom and be a victim of my anxiety and depression. I didn't want to be a drunk. I didn't want to withhold love from other people. I didn't want to hide from the world. I didn't want to take my problems to my grave. I wanted to be healthy and experience life on life's terms because I saw what resisting life can do to a person.. and it doesn't just magically get better. I quit drinking on May 15th 2016 (my badge is wrong) and despite how tragic that period of time seemed a lot of good has come from it. I have remained sober quit smoking gotten back together with my girlfriend (things are fantastic and I am probably going to propose soon) figured out what I want to do with my life (at age 31) and am working towards it and looking at graduate programs. ...I guess I just wanted to share this. Life is hard sometimes and that's okay. It's okay to struggle. It's okay to hurt. It's okay to be mad. It's okay to need support. It's okay to have a hard time....I still miss my mom terribly nothing can ever replace your mom no matter how distant your relationship is. But I can say that she helped teach me a very important lesson about who I want to be. ...I won't be drinking with you today /r/stopdrinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this. 'I don't want to take my problems to the grave' is such a powerful statement. It really hit home 
This is very moving. What a fantastic way to honour your mom's memory.
Sad but also inspiring story. My condolences for the loss of your mom that is a tough loss mine passed in 2011 and I went on a similar journey. Here's hoping grad school and the new job path work out. What field are you pursuing?
