-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xbk6j/is_it_me/

Background: My ex left two years ago and I only see her when see wants something (money or a shoulder). Last time was November. She got what she wanted and have not heard from her since. I am trying to move on but still a struggle..Now: My neighbor's wife still sees my ex for hair styling. Last night me and the neighbors go out for pizza and the neighbor lady starts talking about my ex. She is aware of my difficulty with this subject. After five minutes I said I just do not want to know. She left the restaurant and walked home. Husband says don't worry about it. I am crushed. I proceeded to drink six pints. Bad choice but kaboom. Back to not drinking today.
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds awful and you are in a difficult position. I don't think it was fair of her talking about yr ex.
Why the hell would she keep blabbering on about your ex?! Damn. I don't think asking her to change the topic was wrong at all. She seems like she likes the drama if she's the one who brought it up and got pissy enough to storm out. ..I'm sorry. But you're back keep trying! I won't drink with you 
Her husband is right - don't worry about it. You obviously are aware of how toxic your ex is and have come to peace with that. ..This neighbor lady talking about your ex was disrespectful. Alcoholic or not that's incredibly rude considering she knows your history and even asked her to stop. It's her fault that she got so upset she left and walked home and it's her reaction. That's not on you. ..However... Your reaction to it was not positive either. As my sponsor always said along with countless others "there's no problem a drink won't make worse." ..Drinking those 6 pints didn't make your ex transform into a non-toxic person drinking did not help you get over having to talk about your ex drinking did not change the neighbor lady's rude behavior - I guarantee drinking did not help anybody in any capacity last night. ..Triggers are a huge part of sobriety. We must learn to overcome these triggers with positive thoughts and reactions. Obviously your first reaction is to drink the problem away. This has never worked for anybody in the history of anything. ..You need not be crushed by this. Your ex will focus on himself same as neighbor lady and the same as her husband. But you gotta focus on you. Drinking will not solve any problems. ..Good luck and I will not drink with you today. 
