-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xbu0b/my_struggles_with_substance_abuse/

(A bit of background.  I'm a young guy living in the midwest graduated recently taking a job out of state and moving in the next few weeks.  I've struggled with other substances especially smoking and stimulant abuse.  I recently broke up with my girlfriend who also drank heavily.  I'm writing this after lurking here for a couple months.  I used to smoke a lot of weed but haven't been able to for a while now.)..I struggle to control my drinking.  I'm usually a hard liquor guy and in the past few months it's gotten to the point of polishing off up to a 1.75L a week of booze or more by myself after work.  I often wake up in the morning with regret wondering why I had to drink so much feeling like shit.  ..Many times I've poured out remaining bottles of booze only to go buy another bottle a day or two later.  I keep telling myself that once I move states I'll stop this habit -- start going to the gym again eat healthy and lose weight.  But I'm not sure if I even believe myself -- I've smoked for 6 years and never been able to kick that habit for more than a few months until the next crisis comes along in my life...For years I've been using booze weed other drugs or a combination of them to kick sobriety to the curb.  What is it that so desperately makes me want to get out of a sober state of mind?  ..I want to change.  I know the path I've been on is unsustainable expensive and unhealthy.  I'm sick of fighting this battle and I want to do more with my life.  Serious aching regret is setting in about what my life could be without my crutches -- better grades a better job more fulfilling relationships closer friends?..My goal is to not drink until 2018.  At that point I think I could safely re-evaluate my relationship to alcohol.  I want to challenge myself to nearly 10 months of sobriety to see what I can accomplish and how I feel without leaning on liquor most nights...I'll need a few things to have any chance at succeeding.  I need accountability -- people I can talk to relate with and rely on.  I need an continued incentive either at the end or during this journey.  Finally I'll need an outlet -- I want this to be getting back into lifting weights and BJJ.  ..Thanks for reading.  Please share any experience or insights you have especially when it comes to staying accountable.  It's time I admit my weakness and face this problem head-on.
----------immediate responses--------

hey welcome.  ya i can relate to a lot of what you have written.  especially the bit about moving and hoping that fixes everything.  it didn't in my case because i realized i can't get away from myself no matter where i live.  i'm the problem and i have to address that.  alcoholics anonymous helped me with changing habits and thoughts.  i couldn't get sober on my own and i can't remain sober on my own.  
When I moved out for my first job my drinking got a lot worse primarily because I had literally nothing and no one I cared about nearby except for my cat...But I also wanted to keep my drinking a secret where it sounds like you're more open about it and might have some folks who you trust to help out...I did a brief stint up in the Northwest no car or anything. Two miles to the liquor store each way! Guess who got a *lot* of miles in by the end of *that*?..Not at all to discourage -- just want to point out that moving to a new area might not be a silver bullet by itself. BJJ sounds like a great start!
Hey man I'm a young guy too quitting for 10 months can't hurt but maybe you should consider being a long term thing. I remember I quit smoking weed for a while like 6-8 months then I got back into it slowly because I was sure I wouldn't smoke every day like I did. Well I quickly got back to smoking every day about a gram a day. That's my only reference for quitting. I quit cigarettes about a year ago but never tried to start again aside from failed quits. ..With drinking I never tried to stop this is my first shot at it so I can't really say anything about it but in the past I've tried moderating because I was sure i was too young to have a problem. Figuring now it's most healthy to walk away from it. But take it a day at a time. Thinking too far in the future is overwhelming just think of how your gonna get though today. 
A ten month challenge may feel like a good idea for you but for me the idea of committing to large chunks of time lead me to figuring out ways / reasons to get out of it. I had better success (and continue to have success) taking it one hour at a time over and over. Some hours I won't think about alcohol at all. In fact most hours it never even comes to mind. When and if it does though...I back off and go hour by hour. That's it just staying sober for this hour...You may find it easier looking at smaller pieces as well. Just something to keep in mind...I'll not drink with you today!
I can also relate to your situation right now. ..One simple short term trick that helps me is leaving my ID at home or with a friend you can open up to. That way I cant buy booze at the store or bar. ..Two things that could be a good place to start are talking it out with a close friend and trying to find substitute activities to fill your time. At least that's what helps me. 
My addictions have followed me everywhere I go. Alcohol addiction by nature is intensified by boredom and loneliness and you'll be in a new place with presumably less acquaintances. Just something to consider. ..10 months seems like a reasonable amount of time. For me by day 90 I saw so many increases in quality of life that there wasn't any piece of me that wanted to go back. You may be different. For me...what was important was to give my brain and body a long rest and then reevaluate. ..We're here for ya. 
Subbing here is a great start--I just subbed on Monday...I must confess that for my taste this sub is a lot more support group and a lot less how-to than I'd like.  If you're like me you'll benefit from "Solution Sundays" discussions (see the sidebar).  Great tips I've seen include preparing yourself surrogate drinks (my favorite:  Virgin Mary with Tabasco Lea &amp; Perrins and a garlic-stuffed olive--with a kick like that you won't miss the alcohol.  After that tonic water with a twist of lime.)  Making a list of things you want to get done after work is a common and effective strategy.  Anyway check out the link on the sidebar.  All the best to you.
Hey. I can relate a lot to what you say. I constantly told myself I would give up or slow done and convinced myself I didn't have a problem (I just drank a lot). Be very careful my mate alcohol is progressive and it will only get worse and will eventually fuck you up. I graduated and got a good job (moved to a different county in U.K.) and within 5 years was really struggling with alcohol. Ended up locking myself away for a week and drinking non stop until I needed medical detox. Get as much help as you can get from people who have experienced similar. I joined SMART which doesn't have any of the religious undertones of aa. But do whatever feels right for you. Good luck. 
Welcome!  I can certainly relate to a lot of what you wrote.  While your goals may sound good in your head as u/TinyEquine wrote just deal with not drinking TODAY... and that may mean taking it hour by hour until you string 24-hours together.        ..One of the biggest things that helped me especially for the first six months was doing [The Daily Check-In](https://redd.it/5x9h9l).  EVERY SINGLE MORNING when I typed those five little words "I will not drink TODAY" something very powerful happened in my brain; and when the urge to drink appeared later on in the day I remembered the commitment I made to myself.  I found that the more times I resisted the urge the less powerful it became and the easier it got.  And trust me if it didn't get easier I would not be at 552 days!  It takes dogged persistence to not pick-up that first one. ..I'm happy your here.  Keep Coming Back!!
I listened to a ton of podcasts the first month or so and found it super helpful.  Check out Recovery Elevator but there are lots more.  I also got an online therapist which was someone I could be honest with about my substance abuse which definitely helped me finally stop.  
Taking accountability is a big step in overcoming your substance abuse. You can seek professional help if you need someone to talk to and receive treatment for your substance abuse. A detox facility called Harbor Village can help with this. This facility provides individuals with drug addiction and alcohol treatment services to help them achieve sobriety. You can visit https://harborvillageflorida.com/ for more information. I hope this helps.
