-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xgx4z/relapsed/

Hey all. Well I relapsed last night and of course the following happened:.1) I physically feel horrible.2) I started a fight for absolutely no reason with my bf.3) I feel anxious ashamed terrified..I thought I could moderate but one glass of wine turned into two bottles. I hate that I could have not drank last night and I would be feeling amazing today and seeing my bf tonight for date night. Whereas now I don't even know if he wants to see me :-( worst part is that I don't even remember the argument so I have no idea what was said.
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed yesterday too after 40+ days. A glass turned into bottles and I have no memories. I didn't fight yesterday but it is not uncommon to do so. It is the main reason I want to abstain.... those stupid fights I don't remember.  But it is a new day :). Won't drink with you today!
Ouch. I'm so sorry. Relapses suck but they can either defeat us or give us the fuel to push forward and finally keep sober. The shame I felt after my relapse was crushing. I used that feeling as a reminder that I never want to feel that way again. I wrote down every single reason why I should not drink including how I felt after relapsing. I keep that list handy and when cravings hit I read it over and realize that what ever "reason" I had for drinking - it was no match for the MANY reasons I have for not drinking...I hope you can have an honest conversation with your bf and are able to overcome whatever happened last night. (((hugs)))
Today is a new day. You can be whoever you want to be starting right now. Drink tons of water get some exercise and look to what you can be. It's all ahead of you!! I will not drink with you today!
That's rough I'm sorry. The stupid arguments that I would create out of thin air are also a huge reason for me to quit drinking. I knew sooner or later I was going to destroy this relationship and any future relationships unless I quit drinking. ..I hope the two of you can talk this out. I have come to believe that my contrariness was a form of abuse cutting my husband down and berating him for something stupid. I don't ever want to be like that again...Good luck to you.
It is hard. I relapsed last night myself. And it is so rough. Hang in there and deciding to be sober and not continue drinking is a strength I think.
I learned in SMART meetings that there is a lapse and a relapse. There is a big difference between those two - lapse is where you realized you took a misstep and get back right on the horse or a wagon in this case and a relapse is when you take a misstep and keep going in the wrong direction knowing that you are not going where you're suppose to. ..I think lapse is more appropriate in the case where you pick up where you left off and choose the right direction. ..I will not drink with you today!
