-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xhdfb/over_two_years_sober_caught_a_curveball_last_night/

I've been sober for over two years with the help of AA and an online support group. I'm also a member of a civic club that I have become very active in with my new found free time since giving up the booze...So last night I rode with a few guys to a leadership conference for the club about an hour away. After the conference about 20 guys or so said they wanted to stop at a little Italian joint for a late dinner. My driver asked me if I minded I said I was a little hungry sounds good...Now most of these guys are older and pretty chill. And none of them know about my past struggles with alcohol. As soon as we walk in there is a huge ice tub on the table with about 50 beers inside...Before I can process anything the waitress is holding one in my face. My immediate response was "no thanks." Almost everyone there was drinking beer and it was a little uncomfortable because I wasn't ready for it I didn't know these guys liked to drink. My driver responsibly only drank one beer. ..He asked me if I was on call for work or something I just said "no." Didn't explain any further than that. I simply drank my water and ate my chicken wrap...My point is we must always stand guard. I could have easily fell into the trap of thinking "these guys don't know about my past I'll just drink one or two and act cool I can be "normal" again. Here's my chance!"..To be honest the thought did cross my mind. But I stopped played the tape to the end and thought about the fact that even if that did happen for one night I'd be drunk soon enough. ..And everything I've worked so hard for would be flushed down the drain. The respect I've earned from my wife and my young son my sober friends and most importantly myself...Stay vigilant my friends! We never know when temptation will arise. Thank all of you for sharing your stories and helping this ex-drunk stay sober. Have a good weekend everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic story.   Thank you for your inspiration in facing down the temptation and overcoming it.   
Thank you for sharing and good for you for staying strong and true to your best self!
Thank you. I needed this. Even though I've been sober for a while now I just started my spring break and without my girlfriend here and not much to do I could pretty easily "get away" with drinking my day/week away. Its crazy how after all this time its still in the back of my mind and it's hard because I used to drink both socially and alone at home! I will not drink with you today!
Thank you so much for sharing.  It's a good warning because it is so great to wake up without a hangover--that I have come to take it for granted.
A proud night. 
You hit that curveball out of the park! Great job. 
you rule
I too needed this. Being in the entertainment industry we take each other out all the time. It's always hard to keep my coffee black. Thank you  OP
Well put!  From one ex-drunk to another!
This resonates for sure!
Is this Civic club one where you drive Hondas or do community things? Ah no matter. Seems like the big beer cooler is omni-present so good for you staying sober. Sometimes I think the cooler is chasing me lol. Hockey get togethers ...
One hell of a curve ball! Great job dodging that one. Yes thanks for posting this!
I have a little over 2 years too and was faced with something like this the other night. I thought "just a sip" no worries. Then I thought about where sips lead. How many times I had told myself before "just a sip...just one." I asked myself why I wanted "just a sip." And I realized there was never a good answer or justification for "just a sip." Thanks for reminding me of this &amp; seeing it come from someone around my sobriety age really helps. Stay safe fellow sobie!
thank you for sharing this.  i've been having cravings today and this was just what i needed to read.  great job on staying the path!.
Great job OP!
Well done. I imagine a short nervous "No!" made the point clear. I'm sure it didn't come out like I used to say "I'M FINE" at meetings when asked how I was. I like to think I'm pretty relaxed about my recovery now and would probably run my mouth about my recovery again. I need to be a little bit more reserved about it because I can't take those words back and once I tell them they'll always know that about me for better or for worse... anyway good work.
good job! It feels really good to walk away from those situations and it gets easier everytime a curveball like that happens
The truth is that you are normal.  It is not a natural thing to drink alcohol.  You have just been conditioned by culture to do so.  Now that you really see the light you are not going to fall into that trap again no way.  Bravo for you buddy.  I'm sending you my best- JetP
I had a similar experience on a date on Friday night.  she knows I don't drink but I think she interpreted that as that I don't drink much.  she decided she wanted a cocktail in the fancy jazz bar we were in and was going to order one for me.  she had one  I did not.  it was fine but it was tempting to just have one on account of the fact that it would look fine to her.  glad I didn't cave
Proud of you. No matter the lie we tell ourselves in moments like this we are still alcoholics. And our drinking will lead to consequences that non-alcoholics won't have to suffer. Glad you didn't listen to the lies and stayed true. God bless.
Great post! Thanks for sharing this very very important reminder to stay vigilant play the tape forward. I am going out tonight to a concert with the partner and a few friends. I feel comfortable in my sobriety very happy with where I am at. We don't go out much so this will be both fun but a bit of a new thing for Saturday night. Take care. I won't drink with you tonight/today!
[removed]
Thank you for sharing this. I will be facing a challenge next month that I need to stay strong for. Stories like this remind me I'm not alone and others are showing me how to handle tough situations.  
I feel really triggered just reading this. it's inescapable and terrifying to think I'm just a drink away from relapse
Needed to hear that.  Thank you!!!!
Temptation greets you like your naughty friend
&gt;He asked me if I was on call for work or something I just said "no." Didn't explain any further than that. ..Love this.  I empathize with those who feel like they have to come up with an excuse for not drinking.  I don't personally feel that but I don't run in their circles.  Maybe Nancy Reagan was right after all with the "just say no" business just had the context all wrong.
Nicely done!
