-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xnemu/feeling_like_im_not_alone_thanks_to_sd/

I had come to the conclusion that I was finally ready to quit drinking yesterday. I've had sober periods before but I finally understand that sober periods and recovery are two different things. ..Anyhow I was up late feeling a sense of being very alone on the start of this journey. I found SD on a random thread. I was struck with this community and how many different people in different stages of their recovery are here. I don't feel like I'm alone with my struggle with alcohol. Just wanted to say I feel pretty grateful to have found this community and for you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you found us! I love this place. It's been such a help to me. I can't express how grateful I am. Have a great day! I won't drink with you! 
Me too. 
I also found this sub via a random thread - and I'm so glad that I did! 
You are far from alone! This sub has been such a life saver for me!
&gt;I finally understand that sober periods and recovery are two different things..This really struck a chord with me. I too am very glad I found SD.
There you are! We were hoping you'd stop by slvadm627!! Jk! Welcome to SD and keep up the good fight. We are putting liquor stores out of business one subscriber at a time. Happy Sunday Sobernauts!
Welcome! You will never be alone in recovery as long as you have a somewhat reliable internet connection!  There are plenty of folks clawing their way out of this at any given time. All you have to do is reach out as you have done. The journey to being sober for me has been an amazing ride. It's the best decision I've ever made and is the root of the amazing life I've cultivated over the last few years...Best of luck and keep reaching out!  (         ) .
i second that! i was overjoyed to find this place - it's exactly what i need right now. 
[removed]
I quit yesterday as well and I am also grateful to have found this community.  
Glad you are here! 
You're definitely not alone here welcome
