-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xnzrt/im_reading_drunk_mom/

I'm reading the book *Drunk Mom* by Jowita Bydlowska. It's about a new mother and her relapse after childbirth. This hits my right in the feelers because that's me. Except I didn't seek help until my baby was almost 6. ..I just read the chapter titled "How to Get Rid of Bottles" where she describes what steps she takes to hide and discard of her booze bottles. But then because of the booze there's also bottles of formula for the baby. I planned to nurse my son to one year. Instead I started drinking again...She writes about how nursing her son re-established their connection outside the womb and it was the most intimate sacred relationship she ever had... then she says **"So I went ahead and destroyed that connection".** Ouch. That sentence is exactly how I've felt about my inability to put down the bottle for the sake of my son and my goals as a mother. ..Never again will I allow the bottle to get in between my boy and me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I will have to read this book!!! I did the same thing. So heartbreaking I missed out on a lot for booze.
The important thing is that you've caught yourself.  Your child will have the gift of a mom who is present and able to nurture them throughout the rest of their lives.  Good for you - and him!
I haven't read this book but also had that exact experience. I planned to breastfeed for a year or more but ended up stopping at 7 weeks because I started drinking. I felt so much shame for that and I'm just now digging out of it. People always tell me that I shouldn't feel bad about it but I lost a very important experience for me personally (I don't judge any mom who chooses not to breastfeed for any reason- it was just something I always wanted for myself). I may be over the shame but I want to acknowledge the loss and the hurt of it. Thanks for sharing! I'll have to check out the book. 
This is incredibly Brave of you to post. As a female in active addiction I have nothing but respect for you. I'm incredibly proud of your progress and I'm happy that your son will have a healthy mother to grow up with. Move forward and good luck
