-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xr70n/alcohol_marijuana_and_cigarettes_going_cold_turkey/

Alcohol Marijuana and Cigarettes - Going cold turkey..I've been a heavy drinker since January of 2014 started out with half pints and slowly worked it up to a pint then a pint and a half then two pints(of vodka or whiskey) etc. as well as whatever beers were around. This was a nightly thing that only got worse and worse all the while being able to identify it was an issue but not having the willpower to stop. Today is the first Sunday where I have been completely dry of alcohol AND weed AND cigarettes at the same time and thought I would take it as a sign. I'll be recording my recovery daily/weekly here as a journal...Current daily intake of the substances.Cigs: 10-12.Alcohol: .75-1.25liters of 80 proof alcohol I never use sugary chasers generally just water do get the burn out of my mouth.1.5-3grams of slightly lower than medical grade..My daily intake of water is ~one gallon .I eat on average 2500-3000 calories a day I am 220 lbs/6ft...Day 1- .Cigarettes: When I wake up I generally head straight to the garage to smoke a cigarette followed by a quick blast of the onie. Today I woke up(after getting completely tanked last night) seen I didn't have any left in the pack so I went to pack a couple onies to compensate. .I'd say being about 24 hours cig free does have noticeable effects as far as irritability goes...Marijuana: when I went to begin a quick morning session my film can was empty with nothing but the little dust piled up on the corners so I just left it where it was and dry hit the onie. Obviously a dry hit doesn't do shit but I did get to thinking"I'm out of smokes weed if there's no alcohol I am going cold turkey." ..Alcohol: mornings are fine for me usually because I generally wake up still at least buzzed -- don't remember the last time I had a hangover and I drink a lot on a nightly basis. I was content with my decision to go cold turkey for a few hours and then began fiending. I live in MN so (literally just changed this last Friday) you can't buy alcohol on Sunday's so my options were to stick to my guns or go to the bar. I know going to the bar would lad my to bumming smokes until I bought a pack and that would lead to me buying a zip and just put me in the same old rut...I decided I would thoroughly search my house for bottles of alcohol even just a smidgen in them but had no luck. It wasn't until this fiendishly scavenging for alcohol that I realized how seriously bad my problem is and I decided to sit down and just play some games...Out of the three substances I will say the utmost certainty that alcohol is truly the devils nectar. I'm not even 24 hours into going cold turkey and my stomach is starting to have aches as well as acidy burps. My shit is semi-solid but looks like it slipped thru a garbage disposal first and I can already tell that I am going to have one hell of a time going to sleep. This could be any of the three substances but alcohol has certainly been the most abused of them. I'll be posting daily updates. I got a slight case of fog in the brain right now so I'll edit this when I'm in a more clear mental state..EditD2#1: it's march 6 at 3am and I still haven't been able to get to sleep. It's like I drank a bunch of coffee but I haven't. I'd say I've been craving pot and alcohol simply to fall asleep. Those two cravings are masking the cigarettes pretty well. I'll update later after work. #2. Late lunch at work I can tell I've been an unnecessary prick at points throughout the day. I have absolutely no appetite and my stomach is killing me.#3. I got off work and made some jalape o cheeseburgers and managed to eat them. I am really foggy in the head and am finally feeling a little tired. I am highly considering buying some marijuana to calm myself but at the same time I don't want to self medicate. I'll do one more update today...No cigarettes weed or alcohol so far certainly feeling Very weird and almost nauseous like. I've been using games to cope thru these other addictions only to realize gaming is another addiction I have. I have got a lot of things to sort out her but I think gaming will be a safe vice out of the others#4. My calorie intake today is about 1000 short of the usual and my body feels tired but I don't think it's going to be easy to fall asleep again. I've probably drank more water than usual. I'm just going to try and go to sleep so I don't have to sit up craving...Day 3: feeling like complete shit though I did manage to sleep. It's lunch time at work here and I think I'm really struggling to not buy some weed afterwards. We'll see how the rest of this day pans out. Still have no appetite at all and have been getting little headaches..Day 4: been feeling mildly cold but sweating occasionally. Guess it's the cold sweats.. one thing I Have found to help greatly is increasing my water intake. Helps wth the stomach aches and headaches. Yesterday I refrained from getting pot and went out on a hike on a super windy day which kind of sucked. I'll check back in later...MAJOR UPDATE: ..I am quickly approaching the 1 month mark and I had to come here and post my experience. ..The reason I stop d the daily updates was because it actually made me want to DRINK. I deleted my Reddit app and waited until that urge subsided in my day to day life. Now I've not had a shot of booze or a cigarette for almost 3full weeks and it feels great. I feel like my mentality is back to my pre-religiously-drinking self but still have quite a bit of fog. ..I went through a period of extreme cold sweats and terrible migraines. I don't wish that upon any one it was awful. The trick to ME avoiding alcohol and cigarettes was continuing marijuana in the "dab" or "wax" form -- much more potent...So at this point I have failed marijuana use going cold turkey however I feel it helped greatly in negating my cravings for liquor and booze. I'd like to mention that I have not been completely sober of alcohol in general but hard liquor(80 proof+) I've casually enjoyed beer while eating pizza and attending parties with family/friends with no underlying craving of drinking to the point of being completely wasted or blacked out. ..Now I have questions regarding 'casual' drinking and alcoholism. I definitely have alcoholic tendencies but after not drinking for so long it seems to have subsided (desiring a complete hammered feeling) I can literally enjoy a beer or two without a super huge craving for more hard liquor. Now I am thinking its because I never enjoyed drinking beer when I was binging I'd always drink Vodka followed by water. I feel like my results have been much different than others with my issues and I am very curious about others experiences and if they can casually drink beers after quitting hardcore alcohol use??? And also if I feel I can is it something that should be avoided?..I do plan on quitting marijuana but until I am out of my current supply I will continue regular use. I do want to come clean of all abusive substances.
----------immediate responses--------

What a brave and honest testimony. Welcome I look forward to hearing about your journey. 
Good luck man!  Don't hesitate to get medical help if things turn south.
My therapist suggested to do one thing at a time. Quitting everything at once was too much and I'd have a higher chance of relapsing. So I continue to smoke until I am feel confident in my sobriety. I was a pretty have mj user too at some point but quit it and don't miss it. ..I am not beating myself too much about smoking because I do have a deadline and I know I will stop. I am not encouraging smoking but if you do feel it's too much pick the lesser of three evils. I don't think i will ever be able to use mj without drinking again and so i don't go there but smoking is okay for the 5 days for me. 
I'm a little worried you might be setting yourself up to fail. I would suggest tackling the addiction first (alcohol and marijuana) then the cigarettes. Not to throw you off your quit smoking journey that's just a lot of cravings to have going on at once. 
I see what you're all saying about trying too much but I have made it a whole day tomorrow is a work day. If it gets real rough I'll consider one at a time. The only problem I have with that is one triggers an enhanced trigger for another craving. So if I take a couple shots I'll want to smoke a onie and a cigarette within the next 30 minutes. If I were to try one at a time I think I'd have a higher success rate dropping alcohol first. ..Like I said though I'm going to try this tomorrow too when the liquor store is open and I have work. Essentially testing the waters here since I had this rare opportunity of running out of all my addictions at the same time
Good luck. Please continue posting the testimonials 
I only got sober for a longer period by quitting all three. It is possible. Take one day at a time in the beginning. 
You should probably see a doctor or think about some form of in pacient or out pacient rehab. You don't want to go cold turkey on alcohol you can die from the withdrawal..The severity of withdrawal can vary from mild symptoms such as sleep disturbances and anxiety to severe and life-threatening symptoms such as delirium hallucinations and autonomic instability..Good luck and take it one day at a time..Here's some withdrawal info from Wikipedia- www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_withdrawal_syndrome..Withdrawal usually begins 6 to 24 hours after the last drink.[6] It can last for up to one week.[7] To be classified as alcohol withdrawal syndrome patients must exhibit at least two of the following symptoms: increased hand tremor insomnia nausea or vomiting transient hallucinations (auditory visual or tactile) psychomotor agitation anxiety tonic-clonic seizures and autonomic instability.[8]..
Don't let anyone tell you that you can't do everything at once. It all comes down to your desire to change. There is help available medically if you can't take the withdrawals but you can do this. Best of luck I am pulling for you.
You're doing it man keep it up. I don't miss the ciggs or the alcohol. Those first days are tough but you've got this.
I have updated the original and life has been treating me very well guys. The initial support and recommendations have helped greatly
