-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5xrrog/ranting_venting_kinda_long_but_could_totally_use/

Hey everyone. About a month ago I posted a thread here about how I had gotten drunk after taking a pretty long break and it was a terrible night and nothing but a shit show. ..The last time I took a break it wasn't that difficult I was able to adjust and learn to live life sober. I had made it over 6 months without booze and I had drank nightly for probably 3.5-4 years prior. ..I'm not sure what's going on this time but I'm feeling weak. I checked my sobriety clock and couldn't believe it had only been 32 days since my last drink. It's almost disheartening because all I've been craving is another night of being drunk. ..It's been a trying week for me: My grandma was in the hospital because of bone cancer and things have been stressful with that. Not to mention the outcome of situations like that are usually never good especially when someone is older in age. Also my little brother (21) just relapsed with heroin again and is back in a detox program as of yesterday. So I'm dealing with my own internal emotions and trying to stay positive for him while I am listening to my parents constant stream of negativity about the entire situation. ..It's just one thing after another and when I think about how humdrum every other aspect of my life seems to be (my work and social life are not great lately everyday is literally the same in my eyes) I'm either incredibly overwhelmed or underwhelmed there's really no in between. ..The bottom line: I am at an incredibly tough spot right now. My day to day life is filled with nothing but anxiety and depression and normally I am very happy. I always try to keep positive but it's hard with so much external stressors and all I want to do is get drunk to numb it all out. ..This community has been great to me in the past so please give me some kind of positivity to wake up to in the morning guys. Any kind words can have the ability to set my day up to be better than this past week. ..tl;dr: right now life sucks and I want to be drunk. 
----------immediate responses--------

Here's the thing... You feel like shit right now and you know that if you got wasted you'd be feeling a whole lot better for a few hours. But remember that's going to come at a pretty big cost. All this crap that you're dealing with is going to be intensified when you're beating yourself up for drinking...When you wake up in the morning I can almost guarantee you that you're not going to think "shit... I should have gotten plowed last night." There's no way. In the midst of all of these depressing and stressful things that you're dealing with you can feel good about something and that's the fact that you're staying strong and on course. It's the one good thing through all of this...So keep it up and like everything else in life this will pass. And it will pass a lot more smoothly and completely if you're not boozing...You're doing fine. 
In my first year of sobriety I had two health scares a miscarriage relationship-ending fights with family and friends a brother's relapse to hard drugs and was present at grandfathers deathbed. At first l (first six months) all I wanted was to drink the pain away. As time went on however I came to be grateful for being clear-headed and present for it all. For the sad happy *and* boring times. And there were a lot of boring times after I stopped the three-ring shitshow that was my life while drinking. ..I hope it gets better for you. In the meantime congrats on your sobriety! It's quite the accomplishment during such trying times. 
Keep breathing mate. Things are shit now and dealing with them will be hard but don't let the "fuck it's" into your brain. Because regardless of what happens being drunk will just make you feel worse afterwards. Stay about here with us and keep going :)
You can stay sober. And you will be happier and feel better if you do. Take time for yourself. Anything that would make you smile. I like to bury myself in a pint of ben&amp;jerry's. Try playing the tape forward and see everything that would come to pass drunk ( what you would remember of it) then play it forward sober with of course the great ending of waking up without more worries and a hangover caused by drinking.
Thank you! You're right I woke up this morning happy I didn't drink :)
I'm so sorry to hear about your brother. It's hard to keep positive 24/7 when bad things happen. It's okay to be human. Maybe there is a way you can express your negative feelings without numbing them? I'm thinking we can find a middle ground between being positive and being upset and drunk. I get the thing about the parents pessimism. My mother is the queen of this and I find myself sounding like Susie Sunshine when I talk to her but really I'm not Susie Sunshine. Hopefully it helps to come here and type you know what life sucks right now. Right now is not forever and I will not drink with you today.
Stress has to be the number 1 thing that makes us crave a drink.  You have plenty of that going on in your life right now.  The good news is that eventually it does pass and if you keep your sobriety you'll be in a better place to appreciate your life when things calm down.  Also for what it's worth my emotional stuff has been all over the map these first 3 months.  I've heard it can take a year or more to completely heal our systems from the damage we've done.  I need to remind myself of that constantly in order to surf the highs and lows of my day to day existence.  Hang in there my friend.
Thanks for your reply! Yes stress and bordem seem to be my number one triggers but even when I took the 6 months off I still dealt with day to day stressors without even thinking of a drink. I suppose the fact that I'm craving a drunk and not a drink is reason enough as to why I should just stay away 
