-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yexvu/a_year_and_change_and_what_a_change/

I missed posting on my soberversary (though my girl and I did have an awesome steak dinner with homemade ginger sodas to celebrate) but I just wanted to post a few of the accomplishments/changes I've had this year none of which would have happened if I'd still been drinking...I got into grad school in a top ten program! AND I got a 4.0 my first semester. I barely managed not to fail my last few semesters of undergrad because I was depressed and drunk... I've never had to call into my job or internship because of a hangover. ..I've started taking fitness more seriously and have been going to the gym 3 days a week. Turns out heavy lifting really helps my anxiety (and so does not drinking)..I know a lot of people lose weight when they quit. That wasn't the case for me because I replaced booze with a lot of sugar and I still have a somewhat unhealthy relationship with food. But sobriety is allowing me to work thru that in ways I couldn't drunk and the past few months I've been able to (mostly) stick to a healthy diet...It turns out I'm a morning person. No wonder I never got anything done when I spent my most productive hours miserably hungover...I have a much better relationship with my girlfriend. We never fight any more I'm never a drunk jerkass. I remember when we have sex. I'm more present. She's been incredibly supportive we have a fridge full of fancy homemade syrups so I can make a soda that feels like mixing a drink when I get cravings (bonus: way less sugar/calories than regular soda!) ..On the gross side: no more booze poos! it took a while for my body to get regular again but this has been one of my favorite changes...I'm so much happier. I'm less anxious. I laugh all the time. It's hard to describe but I feel somehow lighter now. ..I had a really good support system. The first few months I checked here every day usually many times. Any time I wanted a drink I'd scroll this sub. I use it less now but I still drop in at least once a week and keep it on my front page.  My girlfriend and family have also been supportive. I have one good friend who got sober a few months before me she was really an inspiration and a huge help because she knew exactly what I was going through. Our relationship used to be just drinking and it's so much cooler now...Even my best bud who is super into home brew (I used to help all the time of course) has been nothing but supportive. I have had a few friends try to get me to drink but recently they've seemed to realize this is for real...Thanks for everything guys! And to everyone struggling in those first few months for me the first 3 days 3 weeks and 3 months were the worst. I won't say it's been smooth sailing since then but it's been a lot better. It's worth it. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful work! Congrats on everything!
Really happy for you.  You've achieved so much :)
Congrats this is an awesome story!
&gt;Turns out heavy lifting really helps my anxiety (and so does not drinking)..That's been one of the things I've learned about myself too.  Also just walking helps take the edge off too.
Congratulations! I'm looking forward to it. 
Congrats on a YEAR and the great news about school! 
Awesome progress.  Congrats on a year!  A quick question if you're willing: was your thinking foggy for the first 2 - 3 months?  I'm starting back from another relapse and the feeling of swimming through fog in the early days is one of the contributors to me just saying f**k it.  ..Is it normal to feel that way early on?  If so how long did it last for you?
Awesome man love hearing success stories :D
