-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yf18b/got_my_100_days/

Fourteen months ago I signed up for Belle's (from the blog Tired of thinking about drinking) 100 day Sober Challenge.  I made it 6 days.  Got back on the horse.  Made it 21 days.  Etc.  Many many badge resets but more sober days than I have ever accumulated in a calendar year.     It took me until today to get 100 consecutive days.  ..When asked my husband says he doesn't really notice a difference in me.  That's just testament to how well I hid my misery.  I was deeply ashamed as well as hugely preoccupied with drinking (should I/shouldn't I do I have enough etc).  I used to wake up every morning filled with despair and wondering how I would get through another day.   My house was a mess my finances were disorganized I hated my career my health was worrying me and I had woken up hungover AGAIN.  I knew that drinking had been significantly holding me back from being the person I wanted to be.  ..About the time I found Belle's challenge I began to massively revamp my life.  I quit the job and found 2 part time ones.  I got a therapist.  I began to string sober time together punctuated with a drinking day here or there.  I was in that pattern for 6 months - and it showed me that life was going to be better without alcohol.  Finally in November I just let it go and committed to the realization that any return to drinking was a massive and potentially dangerous step backwards.   I struggled a lot in month 2  - SUPER irritable.  I began smoking cigarettes a few times a week. I gained a little weight since I ate ice cream 6 times a week.  Around day 80 my mood has really improved and I began to pay attention to my diet and the extra weight fell off.  Still have a bit of work to do there but now with no booze OR ice cream I'm pretty confident it will gradually just take care of itself.  I haven't smoked in 40 days...My life is pretty different than it was 14 months ago.  I moved states have a lovely house which is SUPER clean and organized I look better and my health is fine finances are in much better shape I left my old career completely and am working on some new projects  and I signed up for some new hobbies - metal sculpture and a sewing class.  My depression and anxiety are significantly reduced.   ..I still have some work to do - I need to incorporate meditation and mindfulness in to the daily routine.  I'm working on meeting new people.  I haven't spent any time with my immediate family yet - they are heavy drinkers as well as capable of making my stress shoot through the roof.  ..In addition to SD I have the therapist. I use an online therapist on [Talkspace](https://talkspace.com).  I also hugely relied on recovery podcasts in the beginning and still listen regularly.  I probably listened to 4-5 a day for the first 6 weeks.  My favorites are Recovery Elevator The Bubble Hour Since Right Now and AfterParty Pod. ..Thank you for your support over the last year and a half.  I still read every day and almost every post. ..have a wonderful day sober peeps!..-soph...
----------immediate responses--------

Such a positive post.  Many many congratulations!!  You are a real star.
Congratulations!
Thanks for the inspiration nice to see someone show us that the healing process is not a straight path lots of bumps along the way but worth it.
I really needed to read something this positive this morning. Congratulations on all of your achievements!
You've certainly earned your username - a true star!..Congrats and thanks for all your posts.  You're an inspiration!..Also metal sculpture is so cool!  Can you post some of your work?
Yaaaaaaaay!!!!
