-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ygvke/i_need_advice_about_my_husband_again_blah/

So my husband was in jail most of last year due to getting in a fight with an old friend while he was already on probation. This is something that has been an on-going battle. Well I used to drink with him. When he came home I had been sober for five months because I realized I did not want to live like that anymore. He said he wanted to be sober with me...He's now doing drugs instead. I think it's crack this time. He's got an old dealer that he almost immediately went to go see he forgot to delete a text on the phone and all the red flags I was seeing made sense. (He doubled our income but still as broke before... okay)..So I sent him to his mothers. He was only gone for four days because he swore he was going to stop...However - I got a gps tracking unit from a friend and began watching him. He waited about a week and then started going over there all the time again. This went on for about two weeks before I inadvertently tipped him off I was on to him. During those two weeks i had created a new bank account so he couldn't touch my money and was making plans to pay off credit as quickly as possible so (IF/WHEN) I left him the struggle would not be too much...I have 2 kids from another person we have one 4 year old daughter together. We've been together for 8 years and we were best friends before we got married...So after I let him know I was on to him the behavior stopped. He believes I was watching him through his phone tracking software. I may have given him that impression. :) So anyways a month goes by he's being great. Against my better judgement I took away the iceness from our relationship and began bonding with him again...We are making plans to pay off debt together to begin looking for a home within this year. I want that future for us. I BELIEVE it's possible for us. But.. low and behold the fucker has gone to his dealers house three nights in a row right now. He goes after I go to bed...So he is essentially RUINING our future together. I would have to be a damn fool to stay with him right? I feel that way. I feel he is backing me into a corner where I no longer have an option. But I don't WANT to leave him. I love him. He's a provider never misses work he's never been high around me. I know those are all excuses and there really are no excuses. He's a "responsbile addict". I mean what the hell is that for me to be saying anyways?..He does not know 100% I'm on to him yet. I was cool towards him today when he left for work and he kind of gave me a probing look. I smelled fear on him...I'm just at my wits end right now. I don't know what to do! So what if I let him know I'm aware of it again? I've done it twice now and it changed nothing. He just waited a while and then believe he found a way to get around it - and is doing it again. He's been to court ordered rehab in the past. He's been addicted to many things in the past that he's overcome. This was in our youth before we got married...I don't know what to do. I'm in love with him I believe we could have a future together. I believe he's taking that future away. I don't know where this places me. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do...I'm still sober though! <3
----------immediate responses--------

You could try installing a tracking device on his phone it leaves no trace behind. You'll be able to track his texts calls and location. You could then call in anonymous tips to the police about his dealer and his location when your husband isn't there. In that time without a dealer you could double down on trying to convert him away from his drug habit and channeling that energy towards something positive. 
He may be a "responsible addict" now but can he keep it up? Too many stories I've heard tell me that there's no such thing. Have you tried Alanon? I don't have any personal experience of this sort of behavior but personally I'd leave. It might be enough to get him to clean up for good...
Have you tried going to Alanon it's a really great system of support that helps point out our enabling tendencies. 
What's best for the kids? They haven't really had a say in this have they? They need to be your priority no matter what.
You know when the plane is going down they tell you to put your own oxygen mask on first then on your kids.  They don't ever say "then put it on the dude responsible for crashing in the first place"... for a reason.  I think they came up with this system after a lot of trail and error..Good luck to you sounds like you have your hands full. xoxo
Good luck :) it sounds like a very tough situation to be in personally I'd leave to look after my kids as I wouldn't want them witnessing or being around those who have used / using drugs and agree with other comment it may wake him up perhaps .I would keep the tracking unit quiet if you did decide to split and ask for a drug test etc to be done that way if he comes back you mite be able to use the unit again good luck and I won't drink with you today :) 
