-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ykag0/things_are_not_going_well_but_hey_still_not/

Someone I vaguely knew from the town I used to live in for about a decade was missing for a week and then found passed away. They don't know what happened yet. It got me thinking about all the people i've had blurry drunken heartfelt "let me tell you my whole life story" conversations with and then just...moved on from or even forgotten. All of those people have loved ones and a million individual experiences of their own and...i just can't put it into words... Her death makes me incredibly sad for everyone. I don't want to go into too much detail but it also got me thinking about judgment based on your previous mistakes rather than your individual goodness or the things you're doing to improve your life and help others. Honestly It's got my head all messed up. On top of the really real struggle though today has just been one of those days when nothing goes right. You know those days? You drop things...stub your toe...everything you post on reddit gets down voted...that kind of little stuff that builds up to just...today is not my day? It's been one of those days. Earlier the idea of buying something alcoholic to drink crossed my mind but just for a second. That hasn't happened in a long time. I'm not going to give in to it. I know what it is and I know it's not going to work. I also thought about deleting my reddit account but then I wouldn't be on here and you've all been so kind and helpful and I don't really get that anywhere else. This is the only place I can really be open about this part of my life without worrying about it somehow affecting my career etc..even though it shouldn't. As usual i'm just venting...Thank you for listening. I will not drink with you tonight.  
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you tonight stay strong!
Thanks for venting. I still have these days. I imagine they are very human and normal. In early recovery someone told me to write gratitude lists on my "bad" days but it didn't feel authentic. I am allowed to have bad days recognize them and move on. I don't need to force gratitude.
Wow. I just made a post eerily similar to yours. Well. I feel ya. Sorry its been rough but it will get better. I'm not drinking with you and we will get through this too!!!
I'm not drinking with you.  Hang in there.  ..The sea might be rough but catching a wave is worth it. :)
Don't delete your account. I'm glad you're here 
First and foremost I am very sorry to hear of you and your town's loss...Second I'm glad you stuck around...Third I can relate to the lousy day. I had a total crap day yesterday. A friend of mine (also sober) suggested putting on some Gillian Welch. So I did. And you know what? I sobbed. I steered into the skid so to speak...Was a great relief. ..I'm with the other people on this thread - it's okay to have a bad day it's normal I would even argue that it's healthy. Thank you for coming here. I think I can speak for everyone - we appreciate you!
