-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ykk1g/actually_doing_what_i_always_sat_around_and/

When I was around 20 years old I decided I wanted to be a writer. I switched my major over to Journalism from Business. After I graduated college (~22 years old) I moved to Japan and wrote one full-length screenplay. I was proud of myself. ..This whole time I was boozing at a solid clip of 3-4 nights/week...I moved back to the US and got a job in tech and I liked it. Fast forward 10 years and I've done better for myself than I ever could have imagined through a mixture of hard work and luck. I boozed the whole way through it. ..When I'd get home at night I'd have 5-6 hours of free time (no kids). In the back of my mind I'd always tell myself "One of these days I'm going to sit down and write. I'm going to turn off the TV and actually do what I've always wanted to do. I know I can do it." But it never happened. In the past 10 years I've basically followed the same routine without ever putting together a single creative sentence...As I come up on 100 days sober I have encountered a huge shift in my motivation and focus. One night I sat down and started writing. It's been about 30 days since then and being a data nerd at heart I've tracked my writing - 27000 words with 32 hours in the trenches...I am nearing completion on an outline of a full novel. It will be my first one! It's a political thriller set in the Middle Ages...I've also been reading (another thing I told myself I should do more of). I've read 4-5 books a month over the past 2 months. In my drinking days I'd read 4 books in a year... maybe. ..My ability to sit down and concentrate completely on one task has improved so significantly that I can hardly believe it. The improvement in my sleep is most likely a contributing factor to this. I've always struggled with getting enough quality sleep and I could sense the improvements ramping up around 2 months sober...Alcohol leeched my creativity from me. It muddled my ability to concentrate and it stole so much energy from me. But.. taking back what is rightfully mine over these past few months has felt pretty damn good...I'm finally doing it.
----------immediate responses--------

Nice! Congrats on that decision. Sounds like your life interesting enough without alcohol .. looking forward to the novel 
Fantastic! ..I have also 'wanted to write' but have always been too drunk and too scared figuring that if I actually dedicated time to writing I would quickly realise that I didn't have the 'gift' after all...For me for now posting here is my outlet but it's a start...keep writing friend and please let us know if / when we can see your work...Have a great weekend x..
I come from a literary family and have wanted to write a novel ever since I can remember.  I did a bit of writing over the years but never managed to both finish something and get it properly edited. I am now 62000 words into a science fiction novel and my editor (a friend but she has edited lots of non fiction and a published novel) is enthusiastic and wants to know what happens next. I am 53 and could never have done this without giving up alcohol.
That's fantastic to hear! You rock! ..Are you familiar with quantified self? I'd be really interested in how you're tracking things are you using any apps or databases? Have you used R and Ruby at all? Can make some really cool things with a few lines of code. There's an awesome book from O'Reilly Exploring Everyday Things with R and Ruby.Discover the world around you through programming.By Sau Sheong Chang I'd highly recommend if you want to explore further. ..On writing and being creative [Steven Pressfield](https://www.amazon.com/War-Art-Through-Creative-Battles/dp/1936891026) inspired me a lot. Don't know if you like Joe Rogan but he was on his [podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p3tN_iFHY0) and I really enjoyed a lot of their exchange. ..On concentration it is so great to hear that is shared phenomena. My ability to learn new material and focus has gone through the roof in the last couple months. I get more done before breakfast in a day than I used to in a whole month at the end of my drinking. ..Two books I highly recommend are Deep Work by Cal Newport and Memory In a Month by Ron White not the comedian. The memory one is fascinating you can get through a chapter a day in ten to twenty minutes and the things I can do with my mind today I would have thought impossible about 18 days ago I'm still working on that one. I would think it would be germane to your creative endeavors.  ..I'd love the opportunity to read what you've got as you go if you'd be up for that always wanted a shout out in a preface. ..Anyway have a great Friday! 
Wonderful! Be happy to read it all when you're done.  
