-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ymv9z/the_cravings_are_ever_present_and_it_terrifies_me/

I gave up meth and heroin what seems like a lifetime ago due to circumstances it kind of happened just like that. I barely remember a struggle stopping (probably the way the full agony of childbirth is dulled over time) but I do remember the  dependence of using day to day. I hardly think of these drugs now and very very very rarely if ever will I have a craving. If and when I do it's so simple to just push it down and step on its neck. In the lowest points of my life I sometimes dream of it but I haven't forgotten the awfulness of that dependence...of not even being able to crawl out of bed not being able to perform the most basic fucking tasks required of a functioning human. I remember the misery I don't ever forget that and my brain laughs scoffs at the idea of going back to that awful state for the sake of a temporary high...I'm thinking about this because I damn well hope and pray to the universe that one day I'll look at alcohol the same way. That my struggle isn't eternal. That it will get easier will get better will no longer crowd out my every waking thought. This is what I hope for.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow dam man that's a hell of a thing to go through. Glad you are in a better place.
I am right there with you. I stopped IVing heroin five years ago without Suboxone. I relapsed once because of... you guessed it... alcohol. And I died. I think a lot of opiate abusers end up turning to alcohol because it has such a similar numbing effect. But I was clean from heroin for three years before I started drinking daily. I see trends of alcoholism and opiate abuse co-occurring in a lot of my friends who are addicts. I wish they would do some more research into the physiology of it...I'm here for you. Everyone tells me "You quit heroin surely you can quit drinking." It's not that simple. Alcohol is legal and so readily available. Heroin had a hold on me but not as strong of one. But we can do this. We stopped putting one of the most addictive substances in our veins. Surely we can beat this. It's just harder because so many people drink--there is more exposure to alcohol. ..I'm cheering us both on for the day when alcoholism is a distant memory. We just can't make it too distant of one or we'll be doomed to repeat it.
I'm in the same boat. I've lost count of how many days clean I am off methadone but it was about the beginning of February. I was at a clinic where I slowly tapered and now it's been over a year that I've used any actual pills. I started drinking and once I got off the methadone I REALLY started drinking to try and deal with the withdrawals. I had crippling anxiety. And now I'm stuck in this alcohol addiction. I went to the doctor on Monday because I couldn't deal with the panic attacks anymore. It was the best  decision of my life. I got back on my antidepressants and a couple other things. The cravings are coming less and less.  I feel you on never wanting to touch a pill again but that bottle I just can't resist it. Good luck on your journey. 
