-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5yv9it/relapsing_i_did_it_so_you_dont_have_to/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your post. I'm at 27 days and I've been doing great. I'm at work and today I hear that shitty little voice creeping in saying to get a bottle of wine on the way home.  The last time I drank I was on my last glass of champagne and had the brilliant idea to mix it with gin. I never even liked gin.  I was so sick it took a few days to recover.  Your story really helped me realize the mind fuck of that voice. I won't drink with you today. 
Relapses can sure teach us a lot if we're open to learning from them.  I don't regret any of mine.  Fortunately I caught them in pretty short order and got back on the proverbial train.
One day at a time and lots of support worked for me. I didn't know how to stay sober without help. 
Thank you for sharing this.  And I am sorry to hear about your acquaintance passing away.  I wish there was a way to temporarily feel that day after/hung over/disgusting feeling for a few seconds when thinking about relapsing.  I bet we wouldn't relapse ever again.  Reading this reminds me that I should never drink again.  Thanks.  Not drinking with you today and hopefully never again..
Thanks for the recon.  Sorry for your misery.  Best wishes stopping drinking.
Im sorry about your loss genuinely i can relate i  just had two drinks after like 3 weeks sober and i got a little buzz but then it went away and now im laying in my bed like WTF i realllly didnt need that. But the vomiiting is the worst. i have a queezy stomach and do not miss having to deal with that! take care of yourself!
I will tell you I too really like being sober. I wasted some good years and nothing was solved by my drinking just kicked the can down the road. That said I may have needed to go through what I went through but it no longer does anything but steal away my time in life. Start to appreciate how good it feels to not be a slave to the drink really let that sink in. It is a great thing. I am sorry to hear about your friend he was way too young for this.
Sometimes the biggest slips are what make us really realize what we REALLY want. Keep your head high and try and try again. The fact you have more resolve to stop is so much more courageous than drowning in that bottle again...I'm sorry for your loss take care of yourself and I won't be drinking with you today.
