-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5ywmme/advice_needed_tips_for_dealing_with_boredom/

First off I'd like to thank all of you in SD for helping me get 26 days. I haven't had this many days sober in ten years. (60 days in 2007). ..Secondly it's cold and rainy here today and man am I bored. Which probably means that I am boring. It's excruciating how bored I'm feeling sober. Weekends are especially bad. Watching TV boring getting coffee boring shopping boring boring boring. ..To be clear I'm not sitting here wanting to drink I'm just really having a hard time.. sitting here...Boredom contributed to my relapse last go around so I'm really wanting to find some tips for beating boredom...TL;DR: What are some ways you guys have learned to pass your newfound sober time?
----------immediate responses--------

 https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_i.27m_bored.
i signed up for some classes to learn new hobbies.  What have you always wanted to try?
Reading exercising cooking going to AA meetings doing crossword puzzles hanging out with friends going hiking exploring neighborhoods the options I have for improving myself are endless. 
Hi Max rainy weather is a tough one.  Is there a nearby cafe that might have a live band to listen to?..I spend a lot of time in the ocean and on my bicycle (one or the other probably 5 times a week) and both of those can be done in rain.  Also equipment maintenance (particularly the bike) is a good time filler. ..When I'm real desperate I go to Costco and try all the samples...Right now I'm listening to podcasts and drinking herbal tea...Hope you find something to do!
Weekends are rough for me. I don't work weekends - so I really don't have anything to do. ..I had an inpatient counselor suggest that I plan my days out  hour by hour and then stick to my schedule. I thought it sounded like a really stupid idea. ..When I left treatment almost immediately I began to feel kind of lost. I didn't know what to do or how to fill my time. I didn't know how to occupy my mind. Having my whole weekend planned out hour by hour was so helpful. ..As of today I don't have to plan my days so finely anymore. I do however have weekend activities that I am committed to doing.  I have breakfast with my 91yo grandfather. I volunteer at the humane society during Saturday afternoon. I set aside a couple hours for either a movie or a video game. Part of the key for me is keeping things varied. 
Rain = coffee shop a nice pastry and a book! 
Exercise and for two reasons. First because it'll keep you busy. Second because it'll make you feel fantastic afterwards. ..There are many things you can do whilst it's raining. Join a gym. Buy an indoor/spinning bike. Do some yoga. Cross fit. Body weight workouts. Tai chi.
