-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5z58fa/the_wedding_was_just_an_excuse/

I was out of town at a wedding. My husband's family. Like a hundred of them (that's not even counting the hundred additionals on the groom's side who I didn't really meet or deal with). My husband's giant and sprawling family always remembers me at these things but I'm always struggling to remember who they are how they're related (if at all much of that family isn't actually blood related) and all of the conversation is awkward at best. Plus they are renown as heavy drinkers as in they like to tell the story about that time one of their big family gatherings actually ran the bar completely out of beer. So...The night before rehearsal dinner I was already rationalizing. "What if I only drink when I'm out of town? What if I only drink around special occasions like weddings? That would be ok wouldn't it? If I only drink out of town at special events that's so self-limiting it would be ok." ..Make no mistake I was not presented with an unexpected moment and failed. I planned my relapse. A voice inside me was protesting and saying "no don't do this you won't like it" but I ignored that voice. Ugh why do we ignore that voice. That voice has never been wrong...At the open bar after rehearsal dinner the family ran up a multi-thousand dollar bar bill I had some weird and regrettable conversation with my brother-in-law and then after that I don't remember the end of the night. I was woken up the next morning by a pounding headache and a panic attack. I woke up so miserable that I thought "No I won't drink at the wedding after all." Hubs and I then proceeded to lay around our hotel room until it was time for the wedding. We wasted an entire day in a beautiful city because hangover...Then at the wedding I got to play along like I remembered (re-)meeting folks the night before. So awesome. I made it through the 90 minute "cocktail hour" on water and Diet Coke. But then we went into the wedding. I wanted to participate like everyone else. I did. This time I only drank two glasses and didn't get drunk and didn't experience any bad effects. But I also didn't experience any good effects either. Those glasses didn't help me talk to people or dance or do anything at all. They were simply pointless toxin...So let's recap. I drank and got blackout drunk on Friday night and regretted that because it hurt a lot. I drank and didn't get drunk on Saturday night and regretted that because it was pointless...So there's no point in getting drunk and there's also no point in drinking moderately. Turns out once I got a taste of what a month of sobriety feels like I didn't like either one of these non-sober situations. Huh...Guess I'm back to Day One instead of having a month. But wiser and the next time that healthy voice warns me off of drinking hopefully I'll pay more attention.
----------immediate responses--------

