-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zbsia/freedom_at_one_year/

I am grateful to be here and share that today I am celebrating one year free from alcohol. ..I am a 35-year-old woman and I began drinking at 16 with a few breaks in between. I have spent hundreds of mornings telling myself  I will not drink today . It was only in the afternoon that the cravings and the insanity began to create justifications in my head for why today I deserve a drink and I almost always caved.. .One day I had just had enough. I saw what drinking was doing to my dad's health work and relationships and I decided I didn't want that trajectory for my life. So I stopped drinking ate a lot of ice cream and took it one day at a time. That and spending time with other recovering alcoholics is how I got here (I did eventually cool it on the ice cream once I didn't need it anymore)...I haven't had a lot of external consequences to my drinking in terms of my work or my driver's license. I did gain weight and have lost 65 lbs and counting since I quit. I am also much less anxious and depressed. No more thoughts of suicide or dark obsessions about the state of the world. I like to get out and do things. We go snowshoeing and to the museum instead. ..I don't fall into the bathtub or wonder where these bruises come from or brownout the last hour of every evening anymore. Instead I go to my book club and hang out with my cats.  ..I don't believe in god but I do go to AA. I like the comfort of other people who have struggled with the same issues that I have. I'm excited to go get my one year chip from them this morning...A few weeks ago my partner of 10 years asked me to marry him and I said yes. We're planning a wedding for August of this year...My life is immeasurably better free from alcohol. It's good to be here today and every day one day at a time. ..If you're struggling today it does get better. So so much better...I'm so grateful to SD for your help and support...EDIT: I've removed the photo for privacy reasons. Thanks SD For your support-- it means the world to me!.
----------immediate responses--------

**High^Five for 365 /u/cruisethevistas!**..Recovery looks good on you!     
Congratulations! I love hearing stories like this! 
I think I'm going to cry....how utterly wonderful!
Yayyy!  Congrats on your year and your engagement! 
Beautifully said and thank you. This is where I am aiming at too. It's nice to see a brighter future that could be...Congratulations and hope you have an awesome day (and more).
Congrats on the engagement congrats on the one year and congrats on getting your future back! Great stuff gal! 
Congrats what a great achievement and how great you look!..&gt;wonder where these bruises come from...Since I stopped drinking I haven't had a single bruise on me - all my life since I was a baby I would bruise really easily and I thought that just continued into my adulthood. I would constantly walk into tables's corners baby gates what-have-you. While I would do it sober I would end up with massive bruises that would last for days. All over my body. ..Since I stopped drinking I stopped bruising. I now don't have a single bruise on my body in probably my whole life. I also stopped walking into things so much   I guess while I thought I was walking into things sober I was still unstable while hungover and was being careless about bumping into things. ..Congrats on your upcoming wedding!! Woot!
That's such a heartwarming post and I am so very happy for you :)..Enjoy your big day in August.
You look great I am a 32 year old woman drinking about the same amount of time. I have gained around 70 pounds also.  I am at the beginning of my journey but you are an inspiration  I hope to have the same success that you have accomplished.
Congratulations on your achievement and thank you for the inspiring post. I'm just starting my journey (which has included lots of ice cream so far) so it's really motivating to see where I might be in a year's time. Thank you. Keep on thriving!
Ahhhhhh yeahhh.
You are so inspiring! You look absolutely radiant in the second picture there...Congratulations on one year and on your engagement!!
Check out http://aabeyondbelief.com and http://www.secularaa.org
Happy endings are beautiful :)
So awesome! Thank you for sharing your story. Congrats on the year! 
Congratulations. Wishing you much happiness and success in your wonderful new tomorrow. 
You look great and congrats. As someone snowed in today from work and craving to drink from boredom...this post stopped me. Thank you you're am inspiration.
that's awesome! 
Fantastic! keep it up :-)
This is awesome! Congratulations and thanks for the words of wisdom.
Yes!  Good job on cutting down on the ice cream too.
This is so inspiring.
Pure awesomeness!
congratulations! amazing postvery inspiring.it made me smile to read about your success and prosperity and healing. congratulations
Congrats! I won't drink with you today:)
Wooo hoooo!! Right on!! You should be proud of yourself. 
Way to go!  Congrats on your engagement.  Your testimony is powerful.  I love how you found your atheism to be no impediment in AA.  Best wishes and keep it up.
Congratulations on your year! 
I am so happy for you! You look beautiful!
Wow - you've come a long way. Truly inspirational! :)
Congratulations on one year and on your engagement!! You look great!
Wow!  Super congrats to you.  You are doing great. ..I will not drink with you today. .and you just reminded me that I have ice cream in the freezer....
