-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zd7ex/got_one_year_sober_then_went_to_my_first_aa/

I haven't written here in a long time... let's say a month. I got sober with this community and the amount of support here is incredible...I'm now almost 14 months sober (next week) and I went from daily cravings to not drinking as a habit...After a year sober though things began to break. I began to feel depressed and couldn't find a way to cope. Alcohol was not a solution anymore. With support from some people here I resolved to go to an AA meeting. I was scared I felt belittled that I couldn't do it alone anymore...I first met with John. He's an old guy with many years of sobriety. After my first meeting he was the one that talked to me. We went for a coffee and he explained AA things. I was still confused and defensive. We met again at another meeting and he introduced me to Mike...Mike is also old (as a lot of people in AA). He asked me to go to a different meeting with him. I went. We talked and I discovered a guy much more like me. A quiet guy. He laughs a lot more than me but I hope I'm getting there...Last week I was in full panic/anxiety mode. I called him everyday. It's not that I was on the verge of drinking but I knew that I would normally drink to ease that pain. He listened patiently as I was talking about everything and nothing my brain shooting everywhere. We went together to some meetings he sat with me. I felt better when he was there...I won't go into details about AA I know too little. But there's one thing that I thought I knew but realized that I wasn't applying it to my life : one day at a time. For me not drinking one day at a time is something living one day at a time is something else...This is not a post about AA this is a post about the people in AA. They are there to help they know what we all go through. They will genuinely listen to you. They will take you as you are. If you are struggling as I was they will accept you with open arms...Stay strong stay sober!
----------immediate responses--------

thank you for this I struggle with the idea of going to a meeting but these sorts of stories put me at ease.
Great post!
i can't tell you how happy i am to hear you talk about the benefits of aa.  you mentioned living one day at a time.  like you i no longer have a desire to drink.  i haven't had one in years.  but i still need a solution for living mainly my thinking.  it can become skewed. and aa helps with that. 
I like the idea of people who have experienced something supporting others who are going through a similar problem. It is really powerful and encouraging to know you aren't completely alone &amp; you can improve if you want to and you have adequate support. I have toyed with the idea of trying AA but I have a lot of reservations because of many of the criticisms and concerns I have read about it. Plus I am non-religious and while there are secular AA meetings they are very few and far between especially here in Australia...Congratulation on 14 months! I admire your achievement.
Wow /u/stoday! This made me smile.  ..Doing a happy dance here! 
Great post! AA helped me get sober and taught me how to live sober how to be a better person. Meditation has also been extremely beneficial. .
One day at a time sounded like the biggest load of horseshit to me until I started living it. It's a complete "you had to be there" type thing. Good for you and keep up the great work. 
Thank you for a helpful post
