-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zgk0z/spring_break_cabin_most_challenging_weekend_yet/

TL:DR: I will make sure to keep my eyes on the cooler before we leave for the next trip and to communicate just how NOT easy it can be certain situations for non drinkers.  ..----------------------------------------------------------------------------.This week is spring break and my SO who works full time is also in grad school part time. He managed to take a couple of days off work so I rented us a cabin on a ranch a couple of hours away from town. The cabin did not have a tv or wifi but is located in the beautiful Texas hill country. I booked some activities that included horse back riding trap shooting and fishing. Our cabin was located on a beautiful pond and we brought our dog up with us who made an amazing porch companion...Fast forward to the challenges: SO fires up the grill and cracks open a bottle of wine to breath and I search the cooler for something other than bottled water. I was a bit saddened to see that while my SO had done the work of going to the store and shopping he didn't pick up any sparkling water/soda [my crutches] and I had failed to check the cooler before we left. Nearest store was an hour away and it just didn't seem worth it to drive out to get a sugar fix - [he also forgot to pack fruit]. ..I decided to suck it up and use this as an opportunity to kick the soda habit. Later on that day SO passes by with glass of wine and asks me to smell it. I pass - annoyed at being put in that position esp given that there was nothing else to drink...Later on he is grilling and asks me to hold his wine almost as if he is daring me to take a drink. I flat out refuse - and get upset. He admits he didn't realize how much I was struggling and apologizes...Next day we are fishing while he enjoys cold beer. All I could do was think about something carbonated and all how much a cold beer would help. After fishing I felt sad and defeated. I was doing so well and really hated how not having flavorful drinks on hand impacted my experience. On our way back to cabin we decide to head into town where he picks up a case of Perrier and lemonade. I am annoyed at how dependent I have become but also grateful I was able to stay sober. Lessons learned. .
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! You did great. 
Sounds like you did an awesome job. :)
Great job!  Sober On!
That's fantastic that you got through the trip sober. I have yet to have my first challenge like that and I really hope I can be as strong as you! 
No shame in needing the crutches!  I'm just as serious about making sure I've got LaCroix in the fridge as I used to be about making sure that I had gin in the cupboard.  
I always enjoyed having some nice to drink not just because it's alcoholic but because it's a treat so in your situation I would like something good to drink too while my SO has a glass of wine or a cold lime Perrier instead of beer while out fishing. Yes it's a bit of a crutch but I think one thing this sub makes clear is that most of us don't stay sober without lots of positive help. 
That sounds like quite a challenge. Good job sticking to your guns. 
