-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zgmuu/having_a_tough_time_on_my_second_day/

Hi all.  I'm so glad to have found this sub.  I'm two days into my sobriety and am struggling.  ..I've known for a long time that I'm an alcoholic/addict.  I was actually clean and sober for over a year in my early twenties but fell in with the wrong crowd at NA (some were using) and ended up not trusting anyone in the rooms.  I switched over to AA for a while but apparently made a mistake by telling folks in one meeting my first name because the abusive person who was looking for me came and found me at that meeting.  I used for two years after that then got clean off my drug of choice but kept drinking...Now I'm in my early thirties and in professional school.  My wife and I married after only knowing each other for a few months and things have gotten pretty bad between us.  A lot of that has been due to my dishonesty around my drinking and when it came to a head on Sunday I made an internal commitment to stop drinking and told her that was my intention whether we stayed together or not.  We have a lot of other issues mostly around her jealousy and we might not make it anyway but I saw how much I'd been willing to risk for drinking and I just don't want to do it anymore...My wife and I were good for all of two days and now she's mad at me again for rejoining Facebook because she's jealous of the time I might spend on it and of my friendships.  And I have damaged our relationship with my lies and behavior so it's hard to recover when we fight.  I feel hopeless and well thirsty but I'm committed to improving my life with or without her and that means not drinking.  I've thought about going to an AA meeting but my distrust of the people in the rooms is deep and I have a professional reputation to uphold.  ..But I won't drink with you today.  I'll probably just avoid her and do some schoolwork and maybe have a bit of a sober cry.  I so appreciate the opportunity to read your posts and benefit from your strength.  I'm glad you guys are here.
----------immediate responses--------

tools are meetings (AA Smart recovery etc.) books (Alan carr's book Annie Grace's this naked mind) and online (the subreddit this chat) IRL support (friends and family) professional (counselling psychologists even people to speak to online for free www.7cups.com). ..I hope it all works out for you ---- there are online meets both at AA and Smart ---- they are truly anonymous..Good luck.
Thanks for the post man. I'm having a rough day myself. We're not alone here. I won't drink with you today either.
I'm glad you're here too.  Is your city big enough to have multiple AA groups?  I can understand your hesitancy to return to the group that you were part of before.  Maybe there is another meeting with a different group of people that would be ok?  I was briefly going to an AA meeting that I suspect is cultish and includes a lot of people who are currently drinking/using.  I got out of there and found a much better group with a good mix of people and a healthier dynamic.
