-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zi4ud/mourning_time_lost_to_drinking/

I can't figure out how to type this without devolving into self-pity which is definitely not the kind of vibes I want to spread on SD. So here's a short and sweet version:..I'm about to turn 30 later this year and (don't laugh) I'm feeling kind of stuck and sad and scared about it and reminded that time only moves in one direction. I can't help but feel like I woke up from a dream and suddenly my 20s were gone. What would my life be like now if I hadn't wasted the better part of 8 years drunk? Could I have actually enjoyed that time?..I'm sure a lot of y'all can relate so I'll spare you any further whining. I just thought I had to get it out. I've been struggling with this feeling of regret for weeks now and it's not fun. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Don't worry you are still very young and have plenty of productive years ahead of you so count your blessings and realize your wonderful achievement on staying sober and the gift of time to achieve whatever u want in your lifetime!
I can totally relate. I'm 24 but I literally feel my youth slipping away. I should be finishing grad school by now according to my former "life plan"... Yeahhhh not the case. I got fired from my managerial position (thx alcohol) i have a bachelors degree I'm not using and work nights at a hotel. Haven't even taken the GRE. ..I know exactly how you feel. When I'm sad I look at how much worse off it'd be if I was still drinking digging that hole I was in deeper. We still have time to turn it around! 
Glad you can vent!  I hear that you have "8 years behind you that you consider 'wasted' " (no pun intended!)..The time I spend dwelling on my regret steals from my time to do something now...My mind will hijack me to rehearse that which has already occurred and can't be changed or send me into the future obsessing about what might happen.  Both of which steal *Now* from me.   ..I've found for me the best use of my past regrets is to inform my choices right now and make decisions that translate into action on my journey.  ..I might consider what I can take from those last 8 years and let that shape what I might do over the next 8 years?  I might write the "regrets" that I have from the past in a journal.  Then I might say what would I like to be writing as I review things 8 years from now?  Then I'd ask myself what will I choose now for today?..I already made one choice today.  I will forgo just ONE drink - The First One
I'm 43. You're still young. I can't change the past so I wont mourn it. Only get the best from life from this moment.
I'm so happy your here "NOW"!.
I'm just a smidgen ahead of you - just turned 30 in Dec. but I have been in the same boat for a while. It's very slowly getting better for me...Focusing on the now and the number of belly laughs and happy moments is a good way for me to stay present. I'm trying to just stay happy I made it through alive and focus on the positives in my life. 
I think about that sometimes. It does bother me. How much further on I'd be now how much more knowledgeable how much fitter etc if I hadn't spent so many years caring about nothing but altering my state of mind. But there's no point. I'm here now that's enough. I could have died. But I have another chance many opportunities ahead of me and I can only make the most of it all :)
I think about that sometimes. It does bother me. How much further on I'd be now how much more knowledgeable how much fitter etc if I hadn't spent so many years caring about nothing but altering my state of mind. But there's no point. I'm here now that's enough. I could have died. But I have another chance many opportunities ahead of me and I can only make the most of it all :)
