-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zj4wf/today_is_day_1_of_my_new_life/

Just putting this here to hold myself accountable. I have relapsed enough. I make a conscious choice to do everything it takes to be sober and in recovery. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done. I will not drink with you today. 
Good on you stay strong! Not drinking with you today.
I just embarked on a four month abstinence from alcohol and can empathize with your feelings.  I'm on day 7 feeling great can't believe how easy it's been and can offer some things that have worked well for me:..1. Nonalcoholic beverages.  I've purchased some nonalcoholic wine which was my drink of choice.  I've been drinking just as I used to drink normal wine.  I'm surprised that I don't miss the buzz more and it makes me realize how much of my drinking was just about the flavor and the ritual of drinking it...2. Chamomile tea.  I struggle with anxiety and depression which I don't think is unusual for those of us who drink more than is healthy.  Chamomile tea used to put me to sleep when I was younger but now it just reduces my anxiety.  I recommend making it extra strong.  I also purchased and am taking 5-HTP a serotonin precursor.  I can't say how much that is helping but I think it is...3. Remove the alcohol from your residence.  The easier it is to access the more likely you are to slip...4. Share your goals with someone you care about.  Explain to them that you don't expect them to keep you accountable but you think you'll keep yourself more accountable if they know of your goals.  I was worried about sharing my goals with my wife because I had been hiding some of my drinking from her and I was worried that learning how concerned I was about my own habits and health would cause her anxiety.  This was not the case.  I think she knew that things had gotten out of control and she has been very supportive...5. Be open to change.  Alan Watts said "You're under no obligation to be the same person you were 5 minutes ago."  If you're here you recognize that you're on the wrong track.  For me I needed to separately realize that I had made mistakes that nothing could excuse and that I was going to need to change how I define myself.  Alan Watts can be heard speaking on this theme here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=872R75ChYsw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=872R75ChYsw) ...6. Read a book on the abstinence or moderation.  I've enjoyed 7 Weeks to Safe Social Drinking...Know that a whole bunch of internet strangers care about you your health and your happiness.  And know that I too will not be drinking with you today!
What I did at first is that I planned each day :..- what will I do?.- where will I go?.- who will ask me to go out for a beer? how will I refuse?..It was a simple tool but it prepared me for 90% of the situations during the day. It's one day at a time.
Good for you - I will not drink with you today!!!
