-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zq0t2/day_108_bit_of_a_vent_not_sure_how_to_cope_with_a/

I had a tough therapy session last night.  It was good but tough...And I'm struggling with going to therapy then coming home and feeling like I need to act like everything is fine. ..I feel that I might need to carve out some time to process things and recalibrate instead of putting on a happy face and acting like I haven't just been exploring some of the most painful and traumatic parts of myself. (I am not saying my husband expects me to do that - it's a pressure I'm putting on myself)...I know my husband is in a different place to me.  He's not considering stopping drinking in any serious way so is still downing a bottle of wine and six beers a night...This means he's not present at all during that time.  He's also snoring a lot so I'm not sleeping well and I'm getting resentful about it...I'm conscious of making sure I'm not placing any pressure on him - my decision to change doesn't mean he should feel the need to do the same...But it's difficult.  And I'm not sure whether or how to approach talking about it...He doesn't ask me about my not drinking and sometimes I (rightly or wrongly) take that as him not caring.  I value the support I get here on SD so much but it makes me sad that I can't access that at home from the person I care about most...And I've got this wedding coming up this weekend.  In one way I'm confident that I won't drink - I'm staying in a hotel close to the reception venue so can make my escape if I need to.  And my focus is on not having that first drink (I also have plenty of memories - fuzzy and dark though they are - of what happens at wedding when I drink)...But there will be a lot of old drinking buddies there I will be required to explain my non-drinking and I know I will be tempted...And they are also good friends of my husband so he'll be enjoying getting happily drunk with my friends...And I'm a resentful that my husband hasn't even mentioned it hasn't shown any concern or asked me if I'm okay about it...He's a good man and my rational side knows that it's more likely that he's taking his cues from me.  But my less rational side wants him to proactively support me more...And I'm tired of my rational mind.  Sobriety is tiring; being reasonable is tiring when I'm so used to leading with my emotions and not considering the consequences of what I say and do...Ugh I think I need to stop being such an entitled baby and start getting used to the world not revolving around me...Sorry for such a depressing post!
----------immediate responses--------

Cookie would you be proud if I expressed honestly. I know you would be proud of me therefore BRAVO!! Depressing is if you had to reset your badge. Your uncovering...Feeling...! Uncomfortable stuff!.Your doing this! Your changing your life your reality. Your doing the work and for that I am intensely proud and inspired by you! All the answers are there. Your figuring them out. This is your path. No one can give you time limits nor say what's right or wrong for YOU! I'm extremely happy for you even if your feeling a bit down. I know through your words... you've got this. I will be here for you! BRAVO!!!!!!.
One last thing... meditate on your resentments. They say resentments are the #1 killer. 
I am having a similar issue with my partner. It's really frustrating because like you said I don't want to put pressure on her. It has to be her decision. However she's basically completely ignored that I've stopped drinking and continues to drink. I think she's convinced herself I'm taking a temporary break. She keeps talking to me about us going to wine bars and how we should get new plastic wine glasses for outdoor concerts this summer. When I say she can go do those things but I'm not interested she just sort of walks away. She also makes a point of casually mentioning "real" alcoholics she's known throughout her life and how intelligent people "need" alcohol to cope. We've been together 7 yrs and I'm not sure how this is even going to work anymore...I read these posts on here about how people have supportive families and I get so jealous. I mean one of the reasons I started drinking was because I didn't have a supportive family and now the one person I chose along the way isn't supportive...Honestly this is fueling my desire to NOT drink (along with a million positive things) so I don't worry about relapse but it is disappointing and tiring.
What powerful work you are doing!..Facing myself addressing my fears resentments my guilt and my anger are important experiences for me to embrace experience and with support develop the tools to *process* these real and meaningful areas of my life...This can be lonely work.  The changes are done *by* me...I found it's not a requirement that it be lonely.  ..I don't expect my SO to do my work (and you don't either).  However I need a safe supportive place with people *not in my home life* who understand what I'm experiencing and can support me.  I get that at meetings.  ..Then I'm better.  I'm then better for my SO and the people in my life.  ..When I change "me" the people around me *have to* adjust.  Sometimes in small ways sometimes in larger ways.  Sometimes they welcome that.  Other times they don't.  But when I change when I alter my "element" my "essence" of who I am and how I will be those around me who want to maintain connection have to adjust.  ..I create space for them.  Then they have to choose.  Sometimes they bond more closely.  Sometimes they spin off in another orbit...Congratulations on your work and this Wonderful Post...I don't find it depressing rather *Inspiring* Cookie!!
I  commend you for keeping your chin up through this. As I read through your description of your husband's drinking and ignoring/not talking about the elephant in the room...I thought yeah that's *exactly* how I would have acted if my husband had quit drinking before me. Being an alcoholic in denial can lead to very selfish behavior (I do think I remember you saying that your husband is an alcoholic or abuses alcohol). Do you have any support structure IRL? I don't know if you do meetings but I found a lot of strength from having sober friends  I could meet with and lean on when things got tough. Best wishes and enjoy the wedding through those clear sober eyes!
Thank you for a wonderful post Cookie! I too am dealing with an emotionally passive husband. Sometimes it feels like the only time he was proactive in emotionally dealing with me was when I was drinking and that was always negative hostile and aggressive. No thank you! But now I feel like I am invisible to him. I could really use some positive reinforcement from him as opposed to his previous negative reinforcement. If I bring this up it only causes him to rehash all the bad things about me and my drinking. Again no thanks - I get it you hate that part of me. I hate that part of me too. Anyway Cookie your post was amazing in how accurately you expressed feelings I am having too. And I have a big social event this weekend as well! I am already planning how to deal with the heavy drinking and taking care of me. I know we both have the strength to do this. We've got this!!
One thing that has helped me in the last couple of weeks is to try asking for what I need. I prefer when people can read my mind as it makes me feel more loved and cared for. In my mind asking can feel like what I get then doesn't count. But I told some people I really needed help celebrating a major accomplishment in a way that doesn't mean the pub and people have stepped up in a way that's been really touching. All of which is to say if it were me I would try asking direct for some of the stuff you'd like your husband to do. He might surprise you. 
I am so sorry that you are having a hard time. As an alcoholic who loves alcoholics you and I are both what is commonly called double winners. We qualify for membership in both AA and Alanon. ..I am powerless over alcohol and I am powerless over alcoholics. I have to work both AA and Alanon programs to deal with these challenges. The good news is that I am double winner because by doing both programs I get twice the recovery. ..Today I am grateful for the alcoholics who led me to Alanon. They led me to learning a better way to live with people. ..I don't know what program you are working but this combination is what works for me. And I am happily married and we are now both in recovery. ..All the best to you. 
Hi all..Sorry I haven't replied - we've had a long drive that was quite trying.  I'm feeling really tired and a bit grumpy and maybe even a little unwell...I think I'll just focus on managing myself throughout the wedding - I may be stressed about that and resentful because my husband isn't in my position. I don't want to get into anything that might see me taking out my nervousness on him...So l will think about how to have a conversation with him but after the wedding.
