-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zsc3o/heard_something_terrible_that_made_me_recognize/

Had a very disappointing experience recently in which I drank heavily after getting through a number of days without the desire to touch it including a weekend alone which was an interesting but successful struggle.  I have been feeling extra ashamed and terrible about drinking again (there was some bad behavior) but was just starting to feel ok again by telling myself that I am not my shitty drunken antics I am not my "Mr. Hyde" as it were and that I'm trying again and feeling strong about it and looking forward to the version of me that will emerge in just a couple of weeks if I can get there...Then my neighbor had a fight with his girlfriend while I was asleep.  I had heard them bickering a little before I went to bed but it was nothing out of the ordinary or alarming.  A couple of hours later I groggily awoke "remembering" the sound of screaming and crashing and crying and...hitting.  The sound had become part of the dream I was having until I suddenly snapped awake and thought wait did I really hear these things?  I could hear a woman crying loudly and I mechanically called the cops gave them the address said no I did not want to speak to an officer when they arrived and curled into a ball sure he would know it was I who had called.  I fell asleep again and don't know what happened afterwards - if the cops came if I had dreamt part of it or if it continued...I don't have a past with DV not that you have to to be traumatized by witnessing it but I am incredibly upset today.  Somehow I feel that hearing this at this time - having just fallen down spectacularly and trying to get back up despite a suffocating amount of shame and disappointment with myself - has hit me harder than it normally would.  Again I would be alarmed and upset by these sounds on my best day but today I feel as though it had happened to me.  I have replayed what I thought I heard 100 times trying to discern if I really did hear it or if my sleeping brain embellished the altercation from a verbal fight with dramatic stamping around into a beating.  Unfortunately I think it really was the latter.  I think that I started to cry in my sleep before I woke up with the sound echoing in my mind.  I feel very sad fearful ashamed for not doing more and generally want to find a hole to live in for a while...Normally my reaction to a situation like this would be outrage - blinding fury at him and I would probably be trying to find ways to get back at this guy like calling his landlord to tell what I had heard etc.  When I witness events like this I am normally too angry to be afraid too outraged to consider the repercussions but today I just feel scared and upset...Anyone else extra traumatized by negative experiences in that first week after a relapse?  Not at all to minimize this event and make it about me - I feel terrible for this woman and am still trying to figure out what to do.  She doesn't live there is only occassionally seeing the jerkoff piece of shit neighbor from what I can tell - I normally never hear a peep from him other than regular daily sounds and never see him outside.  I honestly don't know what to do at this point and I imagine I'll probably want to call the cops each time he drops his remote or shuts a window loudly from now on.
----------immediate responses--------

