-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5zv74r/first_time_poster_need_help/

I'm sure you get a lot of "am I an alcoholic?" type posts on this sub. This is not one of them. Some background:..I'm twenty-four years old and I already have a long afflicted past with alcohol. Four years ago I dropped out of my first college due (in large part) to my alcohol abuse. Since then I cleaned myself up lost 100 pounds killed it in school (4.0) got a full ride to law school found an amazing girlfriend and have have been relatively high-functioning. ..About a year ago I moved into my own place. Since then I've allowed alcohol to dig its claws into me once again. I drink every night now. The quantity varies but I get "drunk" alone at least four nights a week; beer/whine/vodka it doesn't matter. If it's in my apartment I'm drinking it. ..Alcoholism runs in my family. Just recently I had an uncle go on a bender so extreme that he told my entire family he had pancreatic cancer (he doesn't have cancer of any sort.) My mother drinks a bottle of red wine per night. ..I could tell you dozens stories of how alcohol has negatively affected me and my family but I'm sure it's nothing new for folks on this sub. I know I have a problem--I've known for years. My question is one that I feel pertains to everyone struggling with alcohol who has struggled with it in the past or knows those who have:..How do you deal with the ramifications? In social contexts in relationships with your family etc.? I'm very high functioning for an alcoholic (I have a job I show up on time and do good work I'm in the top 10% of my law school class) and I'm afraid that telling my classmates colleagues and future employers that I have a problem with alcohol is going to hinder my future employment prospects. Further I'm even more terrified of scaring off my amazing girlfriend that has an alcoholic father. ..It's not the loss of alcohol that scares me. I'm ready for that; I WANT that. What worries me are the ramifications (and presumptions) that come with quitting...  .. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Most people are too wrapped up in themselves to care if you drink or not. If someone does care just tell them you and alcohol don't get along...Post here maybe check out some AA meetings or even check out SMART recovery...Kudos on realizing you have a problem now and being honest...Also the benefits by far outweigh the ramifications of quitting. I quit because I was scared of the ramifications if I continued to drink.
I am almost two years sober and I have found that my sobriety has not been a big deal to almost anyone that I interact with either socially or professionally. If anything when people learn that I'm not drinking at the moment (which is what I usually say if offered a drink) they seem to just admire my self-discipline.
I was a pretty high functioning drunk for a lot years up until I wasn't. It happened kind of all of a sudden. I was super worried that everyone would judge me and have something to say. Honestly since I've been sober everyone has been very supportive. I've even had 3 friends go dry as well! ..I worry now about what I could lose *if* I drink again. Not what I'm missing out on by not drinking. ..Good luck to you! I won't drink with you. 
I was pretty high functioning so when I quit most people assume I am trying out a new healthy lifestyle. A lot of people actually seem a little jealous!
There is nothing worse than the fear. I've just stopped drinking for over 24 hours. I am 26 and have been drinking heavily for the last seven years.  ..It needs to be for yourself. I've already found out On this sub you will never be alone. ..We are here for you. I have found so far I am in PAIN. It's a good thing feeling means you are still here! It's never too early or too late to admit an addiction. ..Im just a nobody. But together we are a community...Well done for taking this step. That's a hard one.
You never have to tell someone you're an alcoholic. You can just say "no thanks" "I don't drink" "I'm on a health kick" "I need to be sharp tomorrow" "I gave it up" "drinking causes cancer". Your right though - telling some people potential employers etc... you're an alcoholic could cause them to reconsider their relationship with you but don't let that stop you from quitting alcohol. BTW congrats on the scholarship!!!
