-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/609l10/from_the_icu_to_100/

I relapsed in grand fashion 100 days ago.  I went on a 4 day binge drank myself into a stupor & ended up getting transported by ambulance from my family doctor's office to the hospital.  I remember only parts and pieces of my time there.  I know my husband was with me and I know that his eyes were filled with the pain that he must have felt when he lost his first wife to CF many years ago.  I did not realize that I had been in intensive care until the hospital bill arrived in the mail.  ..Things that have greatly improved in my life since I quit drinking are:..My family life- my relationship with my SO is better. We now have an alochol-free home & it is my safe haven.  I am clear-headed & present for my beautiful children at all times. ..My career-  My performance at work has improved & I was promoted to oversee operations for a fourth office.  This one is in Florida.  I am beyond excited about heading down there for a week with my hubby & kids for a working vacation. ..My self worth-  I think that this is the most important change.  I realized that I am valuable I deserve sobriety & happiness & I want to live a good life.  ..If you are new here or starting over this post is for you.  I see you working hard to make positive changes in your life & I am proud of you for doing that.  Thank you SD for giving me the support tools & knowledge that I needed to meet this goal & make it to 100 days.  Now onward! :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on triple digits!!!
Congratulations on 100 days that's huge! 
Fantastic work! I love that you call your home a "safe haven"...that's what mine is too I used to do almost all my drinking at home so major changes had to be implemented. Congrats on the promotion and everything else!
Thanks for sharing
I'm glad you're okay! Congratulations on 100 days of sobriety and clarity. Obviously you did a lot more than quit drinking. You have great support and you really worked hard to become a better person. Hat's off to you!
I'm very happy for you. Keep on keeping on!
Congratulations!  Home as a safe haven I agree :)
Congrats! That's awesome
Thanks for sharing your story.  I love the 100 day mark.  Seems likes it's "out of the woods" to me.  Congratulations on your sobriety!!!
Congratulations! I'll not drink with you today! :)
Great job. I have similar stories to you. I'm happy you are here! 
Great story. I'm happy for you and I am figuring out the same as you described. Truthfully  drinking only damaged me and my life. I won't drink with you today!
Congrats on triple digits!
wow what a turnaround. congrats!
Proud of younot drinking with you today.
Congratulations on triple digits!
what a wonderful story. Congrats! 
Congratulations! I can't wait to get to triple digits.
Thank you and congrats 
That's amazing. Congratulations to you and your family and for kicking ass at your job :)
Congratulations! I loved reading about how your life has improved. I will not drink with you today!  
THANK YOU. Inspiring.
Inspiring! Thanks for sharing.
Inspiring! Thanks for sharing.
Right on and congrats! 
SO happy for you :)
