-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/609uoo/help_i_want_to_come_home/

Me and my SO had a fight after my last relapse nearly three weeks ago. She kicked me out m.  I haven't been drinking and have been going to meetings I am doing my best.  I back home today to see the kids.  Any advice how to handle this.  No being at home is raising my anxiety levels and I am afraid that with no hope I will start drinking again.  Help
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work over the last few weeks. It's so important for me to remember to focus only on the thing I have control over which is my own effort. I can't force other people to take me back sooner or at all. They will forgive me in their own time or maybe they won't. The fact is that that nothing nothing has the power to make me pick up a drink. I always have a choice in the matter to say otherwise is to play the victim card. Instead of feeling sorry for mself I can use the tools to stay sober that have been taught to me in AA and elsewhere in life. I've found that when I stay sober one day at a time the vast majority of my "problems" seems to resolve themselves or disappear over time. I hope that was helpful. 
If you're going to meetings find some guys with longer sobriety and then call them have coffee with them ask one to be your sponsor. In my experience other alcoholics in AA were a lifesaver...When I got sober I was not in the home with my chidlren either. It sucked but I knew drinking would ruin any chance of being a mother to them again. I tried not to focus on how I felt about being away from them but on getting well to be whole for them and for me. ..it took time and divorce but we're together now. 
I have found that at times it is easier for us to focus on our recovery without "distractions" . Sometimes we need this other times we do not...You did not say anything about it but I sure hope you have found some "Sober Living" arrangement to stay. The absolute worst thing you could do is be staying with a Drinking Buddy get the old "Poor Me's" going which will soon turn into "Pour Me a Drink"...Your SO has given you a chance to prove yourself to her and to yourself. The rest is up to you...During this time bury yourself in AA meetings and AA people. If you are one of the people who can get and stay sober good things will start happening for you. One of the first will most likely be the return of your family...You can not get sober for anyone but you. Sorry but that is how it works...Amazing things are coming your way but you have to let them happen...If you get a few months under your belt you SO will look more favorably upon your return but if you go back too early and get loaded again it will be that much more difficult to go back as you will have "proven" that it doesn't work...Bottom line give yourself a chance. You CAN do this and you CAN get your family back stronger and better relationships are coming. But you have to let them...You can not force it...Think about it. How many times have you said "I'm sorry Baby it won't happen again" or something similar?..Hit a Meeting go to the Alano or Saharid or whatever they call the sober club near you...https://www.sober.com/12stepmeetings-alcohol
Thanks
Thanks
