-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60ehsh/when_does_the_hopeless_end_considering_exploring/

Today a friend of mine posted in Facebook that she was 14 months this sober today and was happy she announced it and completed her 5th step. I didn't even know she was in recovery. ..Over the past year I have had 5 friends admit to being alcoholics and working the 12 steps. Last year in February I lost a childhood friend who relapsed. I have become more aware of my drinking within the past year. I thought it was incredibly brave to announce via Facebook your struggles. I don't think I could ever do it. ..After my friend made the post I looked up what the 12 steps were and read them. I also recalled a post over the weekend where the user said he just went to meetings and never worked the steps. But his life and recovery became easier after working the steps. It sounds like an interesting thought to me. How do you get started? I haven't been to any AA meetings in my area.
----------immediate responses--------

If you're curious about AA the best thing you can do is to go to a meeting. You can listen and if you're interested stay after and talk to someone. Most people wouldn't be more than happy to answer any questions. Alternatively you can read the book " Alcoholics Anonymous." It outlines the steps and the program. Look around you can find various copies online. It's also referred to as the Big Book. .My experience was that the steps made me do things that were good for me things I would not have done otherwise. I'm proud of myself and I grew because of it. I'm a different person because if it. That's what AA sells basically.
The 12 steps are a program and they work for some people and they don't work for some people. But they might be worth investigating. I went about them in an unusual way but I did go through them and I feel like AA has made me a better person more aware of my faults and how others fit into my life...My sobriety is personal. My alcoholism is on a need to know basis. Most people I know do not know I am an alcoholic in recovery I don't feel that there is any reason that they need to know. Do not confuse this with being ashamed. ..No where in the 12 steps does it say you need to tell the world about your alcoholism or sobriety. ..In particular you had mentioned Step 5;..  Admitted to God to ourselves and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs. ..I did this with my sponsor and everyone who is on a need to know basis. I'm very open with my wife about my alcoholism and she knows everything I did while I was drinking. ..Your sobriety and work in AA should be a journey for you and your sponsor. Go about it in the best way you can so as not to drink. ..Also I was hesitant about AA at first but I figured out I was just at the wrong meeting. Go at a time that's convenient and with good people and it is at the very least worth a try. ..Best of luck to you and congrats on 28 days!..
Just show up! easey peasey..You'll work the steps with a sponsor ..I kinda watched and listened to women at meetings one stood out after a few weeks so I asked her to be  my sponsor and we did the steps. Everytime we met to work I learned something about why I drank and how to be happy w/o alcohol...And the hopelessness ended. 
