-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60nj3u/me_before_vs_now/

A year ago my anxiety and panic rose to a new level...All because of a Rosacea diagnosis...I had read that overconsumption of alcohol was thought to lead to Rosacea. Did I cause this?..This opened a slew of other questions...What other consequences was my body suffering due to my drinking?..Were my insides my organs OK?..I'd slowly gained some weight over the last few years but that's just due to age and the desk job right?..My gut was screwy all the time but that's out of my control. Right?..My dry flaky skin? Just the weather...My lousy negative attitude? Just a result of all the bullshit I've had to put up with. Anybody else in my shoes would be grumpy too...My lacking presence in my own life...No motivation...No enthusiasm...No passion for the things I once loved. ..This happens to everyone with age right?..**Somewhere in there I decided I couldn't take it anymore.**..The anxiety the regret the fear. ..It was too much. ..And so it began. Sobriety...*I am so dang grateful that I have made it this far. And I am SO darn grateful for all of you.*..(edit: link deleted for privacy reasons)..I still have Rosacea. ..It's less noticeable now...The egzema on my arms is almost gone...I've lost 30 pounds...My gut is less screwy...I'm kinder. More thoughtful. I am present...I'm enrolled in school (and excelling to boot!)...I hang out with my family regularly...I am dependable. *I do what I say I'm going to do.*..I fell in love with yoga...I fell back in love with making music...I genuinely feel like I'm on the right path...All my problems certainly aren't fixed. I still struggle. Oh BOY do I struggle. But I'm just grateful to deal with whatever comes up as a sober human bean...Thank you to everyone here for sharing for reading for being a part of this community. I was a lurker long before I quit drinking and your posts did me wonders...So happy to say - I'll not drink with you all today...EDIT: WOW! Consider my heart warmed. You all are amazing. This community is really something special and I feel so lucky to be a part of it..
----------immediate responses--------

That is great congrats what a huge change!
You look amazing! You look so much healthier and as everyone always says I can definitely see it in your eyes. You look alive again!
This is all very awesome! Great job and you look so fantastically happy :) 
congratulations big change.  you look great.  just a heads up some online publications have taken pics from this sub and embedded them in stories about alcoholics who quit drinking.  inspiring articles yes but you'll be all over the internet.  
All of this. I was so tired of 'self-medicating' with a substance that very likely caused my issues in the first place. You look fantastic. I won't drink with you today.
Great post!  Great improvement and incredible self-reflection!  Be proud and keep that great focus!!
Clean!
Go for it
Woooooo! Good work gal. Good work.
Keep it up girl!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the post! Very inspiring to me. I'm also falling back in love with making music. My guitar callouses are coming back! Take care!
 you look amazing. Congrats :)
Awesome job. Before my breakup I felt the exact same as you. I was living for the weekend with complete disregard for my now ex-girlfriends feelings and suffered from the exact same mentality as you did...Im now 30 days sober and physically havent felt this great in years. Which at 27 seems like I've wasted my mid twenties feeling terrible. I still struggle a bit mentally knowing I single handedly ruined my relationship but I'm dealing with it positively...Im happy you feel as though you're on the right track. Keep it up!..P.S- you look great!
I was diagnosed w/seborrhea years ago which I think I legitimately do have (b/c it tends to be worse where my glasses and/or hair block/shade UV) but there's also an unquestionable alcohol correlation!..curious:  did your dentist notice/say anything?  posted this in another thread few wks ago but mine said my gums looked noticeably better (not bad before but really good now) and asked what I was doing differently?  was too embarrassed to tell her only change was stopping drinking (even at my worst I never neglected my teeth) so said I'd quit soda (which is also true but started much earlier)
What a terrific list of gratitude and awareness of growth progress and assets! ..Great job! 
Thanks for the post...You described me perfectly. This will definitely get me through my sixth day of not drinking...I'm struggling hard but I can already ready see a tiny glimmer of all of those positive changes you listed...Congratulations ..Thanks for the inspiration...I will enjoy not drinking with you today.
Wow you look AMAZING! Huge props to you congrats and keep it up!
Super cute nice work!
Ahhh... first time posting here. Definitely still a lurker but I'm trying a 30 day alcohol free thing for myself...You look so good! You're really an inspiration for me to keep going. I want to get back into yoga and running like I used to. I want to read like I used to (hard to read when you're drunk!). And I want to be dependable again. I would go on benders and call out of class (that I teach...). Anyway you mentioned everything that I want to be again. Which means it can happen!..Thank you for posting. I'm sober and so I let myself post something. I won't drink with you today :)
Posts like yours remind me of one of the many reasons I quit - to discover who I really am. I'm 40 this year figured it was time. ..I wish you nothing but the best on your already awesome journey.
You look at least 10 years younger.  I had to double check it was the same person!  You look happier now too!  My husband had a skin condition tinea Versicolor that was also gone when he stopped drinking.  It's funny how you don't notice changes in yourself as much as those closest to you do.  I haven't been eating tums like candy anymore which is a miracle in itself.  I will not drink with you today ma'am.
Good for you! You look fantastic 
Rosacea is caused by notes that live off the sebaceous glands on your face and populate after puberty. The mites do not excrete but when they die their excrements inside populate in your pores and certain blood types are intolerant to it. Laser treatments help but they didn't know exactly why until recently. 
Lovely
Congratulations!  All the best from Ohio.
Awesome post! You look amazing!!! I won't drink with you today!
Posts like yours remind me of one of the most painful things I've experienced.
Great post.  Thanks.
My poops are better as well!
Thank you for such an inspiring post. You look beautiful. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing this I feel I needed to read a story like yours at this exact moment in my life. ..Best wishes 
wow you look amazing and what a difference! Thank you for sharing as this is truly motivating to stay strong and sober on beautiful!!!!! 
Thanks this was very well written and inspiring. I felt the same way like "old fart syndrome" was inevitable. But man do I feel a lot better now! And you look fantastic!
Congratulations to you.  I too quit because I was worried about long term health effects.  The hidden benefits are what you outlined: Being present in my own life while being kinder and more patient with both others and myself.  I'm finally turning into someone that others are glad to have in their lives.  
Sobriety is the ultimate example of "Action creating motivation" rather than the traditional (and false) mindset that "Motivation leads to action"..I guess the rule of thumb is "The easy way out is probably not a way out at all"..We won't drink with you today!
I mentioned both changes to them but i couldn't be sure if it was the same person!
You look so much better! You look to be in pain in the first photo so I'm glad to see you doing better!
GREAT JOB! This is really fantastic. congrats.
So glad you're on the thirty day trial!
Congrats you look a lot happier sober! Congrats on all of your hard work and victories. Keep it up. I'll be sober with you today!
If your gut keeps bothering you it's possible you have gastritis. I was a heavy drinker for years and recently had an endoscopy for gut pain and that's what it was. If so they put you on pills for a few months to reduce acid and let your gut heal. Congrats on your progress!!!
I really want to quit smoking and drinking :( I go to too many fucking concerts though.
Fantastic! You rule :) 
So inspiring! I'm still in week one. Already I feel some marginal changes but stories like yours keep me going. My health is pretty shot at 24 yrs old with the exception of my high metabolism. I hope my results in one year can be half as amazing as yours. Bless!
Hell yeah!  Keep it up!
You look fabulous! How long have you been off the drink? (Looking for inspiration here I'm only 10 days in!)
You can see the pain in your eyes in your before picture. Congratulations! You are doing great!!!
I'm very happy for you! You look so full of life now. 
You look phenomenal! Side note I also have rosacea and agree that abstaining really does help! Congrats :D 
Sorry I apologize for my comment. You're absolutely right. I should have thought about my comment before posting I sincerely meant no harm. My bad.
your skin looks much improved
Strong work right here! 
You are one awesome wonderful person for sharing. Love the narrative you created to do so. Picture the difference? Chalk and cheese!!! Hugs of joy..I too have discovered the joys of a life without alcohol. Yeah stuff still sucks but boy is it more manageable. 
Way to go! Big change in the before and after pictures!
What an excellent post you look amazing it's like a new you emerging! Nice one   
You're your own better looking sister...
You are doing great!! Hey thank you for the post!
How long have you been off the greasy glands on your already amazing journey.
Congrats!
Well done.  Very happy for your progress. 
You are absolutely beautiful! The transformation is stunning. Sending you love and high fives!
Wow... fancy a coffee sometime...    
This is really inspiring 
P.S- you look fantastic. congrats.
Such a pretty little girl with such a big happy smile. Proud of youkeep it going...
Hottie
U look a million times better. 
Anxiety regret and fear. You summed up all drinking has to offer me perfectly...You look beautiful and happy!!!!
I'm a total Internet stranger but I'm super proud of you. ..I can tell you feel better. 
It is as if these are pictures of two different people.  Noe that I think about this it is two different people.  And the new person look so radiant.  WOW!  
Dentist mentioned it was time.
Awesome job...I'll not drink today with you!
hawt
You look so much better! Amazing... Congratulations on your transformation!! Way to go! And thanks so much for sharing this very inspiring :).
Congratulations! I'm currently only starting to stop drinking....but stories like your show me it's possible 
You are an inspiration. 
I hope I have a list of improvements for myself that's this long in this short of a timeframe...You've done a fantastic job with your self-improvement. Keep up the good work! :)
Good for you! You look like you feel great! Here's to you :)
This is my first post here (was directed to this subreddit tonight)..Congratulations.  You look so much happier.  I hope your life continues to improve
Other replies have said pretty much all that needs to be said but I have to say you really are looking good!  I am so happy for you :)  ..I also suffer from Rosacea ( and consequently hate having my photo taken ) and some days it seems to be much better but then suddenly flares up for no apparent reason.  How long was it before you saw a noticeable difference/improvement?
Amazing Transformation!  Very inspirational!  I also have alcohol induced rosacea so seeing how great you look now is really motivating for me.  Thanks for sharing :)
:) made me smile.  Good for you.
Wow you look great! All the habits you have created and new outlooks on life are awesome as well. Kudos to you! 
Good on ya!!
