-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60wfht/my_partner_keeps_asking_me_whats_right_instead_of/

So I haven't been drinking for the last two (almost three months). I didn't make a big deal about it. Just said I was going dry for January and stuck with it...My partner (and myself) never considered that I was an alcoholic - not because I wasn't but because I was remarkably adept at hiding it and fighting through hangovers etc. to struggle through my days...Lately she keeps asking me "Why are you so happy?" "Why do you seem so into me lately?" "How come you're being so nice?" and saying that I don't get irritated/angry as much...When she says those things she isn't suspicious or mad about how I've been in the past. She's just curious about what's changed...I just kind of shrug it off in the conversation because I'm scared of telling her the truth...I was drinking. Now I'm not. That's why my relationship is good again...She hasn't figure out that's why I'm different...I don't know why I can't bring myself to tell her that. Maybe I feel ashamed that I'd lost that much control or maybe I don't want to admit that I was behaving so poorly for so long for such a shitty reason...Thinking about it now the truth seems clear. I worry that if I start drinking again she will be able to get angry that it will cost us our new happiness and it'll be harder to drink. So it's a fucked up way of alcoholism making sure that I can still drink if I need to...I hide the effects of my not drinking just like I used to hide my drinking by having bottles stashed around throwing out empty bottles so they wouldn't be noticed fighting through hangovers without complaining about them and sneaking tons of Tylenol etc...Just something I noticed. Would love to hear if anyone else has noticed/dealt with this kind of thing.
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety brings clarity.  Most of the time I know immediately what the right thing to do is.  Doing it is a bit harder.  Congrats on your sobriety and on bring a better partner :)
I tried to quit without telling my partner for about a year.  It certainly makes it easier to fail when the person around you the most doesn't know you are failing.  Several times I was on a good streak until she brought home some beer or wine.  I would resist for a little while but with her drinking right next to me it was more temptation than I was ready handle...And since I didn't tell her I certainly didn't tell anyone else.  Because if it slipped out to her she would feel some sort of betrayal.  All the easier to fail...If this is someone you want to spend your future with she needs to know what  you are dealing with.  And she can possibly be a great support for your success.  But you are going to have to actually want to get better first.
Yes I have struggled with telling people for the same reasons as you.  My wife knows that I've quit and that I was drinking too much but does not know the extent of how bad it was.  No one else knows at all.  My reasons are the same as yours - not wanting to admit how broken I was and not wanting to foreclose the option of returning to drinking...As time has gone on and I've become more confident in my own ability to stick with it I've begun to more seriously contemplate telling others though.  At the least I have a birthday coming up in June and I will want to ward off the gifts of scotch that I would otherwise be receiving.  
