-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60xr18/the_honeymoon_phase_is_over/

After the initial detox Hell of week one I felt on top of the world.  Now I'm nearing the 30 day mark and while I still feel nowhere near close to a relapse I'm feeling blah again.  The depression is setting in...almost in a sense that it would feel like when I'm going through initial withdrawal.  What is it about the 30 day mark?  Last time this happened too around this time.  I'm wondering if this is a common thing...a rollercoaster of detox emotions while continuously detoxing?  However I'm also avoiding sugar and caffeine and have been for the same amount of days so it could be more that (I was an addict of both those drugs too).  I gave up the latter to help regulate my mood better. I refuse to self medicate anymore but it is feelings like these that make me want to self medicate.  Ugh.  
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like what I went through. This is why I had a therapist and went to AA meetings. I got my questions answered received encouragement and saw people who wanted to stop drinking. I could never have made it without help from others...Kudos for 23 days!
That happened to me on my first real sobriety. I was so excited to be free of my addiction! But then the reality of things really settled in...my life was a mess (still is) and my untreated depression and anxiety were out of control. Not saying this is the case for you of course. This sobriety I did not have that initial elation. I KNEW I could be sober and was mad at myself for slipping back into drinking and not working on my problems. Hang in there. I definitely equalized more the longer I went...Huge congrats on your streak!
You gave up alcohol caffeine and sugar at the same time??! That makes you a hero in my books!  My experience is I had a lull in mood at the 30 day mark and then again at the 80/90 day mark. .It might be just the ups and downs of it. .I'm doing the no sugar thing starting today and I'm not looking forward to it! .Make sure you give yourself one good pat on the back for your success so far. Every day is a victory that needs to be celebrated! xx
The pink cloud has burst!  I went through the same stage.  Maybe focus on the alcohol for right now?  Giving up so much at one time is a lot of stress.  Ben and Jerry have contributed a great deal to my sobriety. ..I got treatment for depression at about 40 days because I was really down.  I used alcohol to self medicate and I think many alcoholics are in that situation.  But after my depression didn't lift I realized I was in real danger from my depression.   I decided to get treatment the day Prince died because depression was the root cause of my alcoholism and I realized that that shit can kill me...Good luck.  One day at a time!..
