-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/60zt53/dry_drunks/

So I have heard this phrase a bunch of times to describe people who are miserable in their sobriety and take it out on others but in the SD community and in the AA meetings I have attended I have yet to see this in the wild. People might be struggling but they typically seem much better off healthier and pretty happy about their sobriety. Has anyone else experienced this? Was anyone a dry drunk? I would really appreciate some stories or thoughts on this as it seems rarely discussed.
----------immediate responses--------

I find people are quick to judge other people's sobriety and less quick to have an actual conversation with someone about what they are struggling with and how sobriety has been hard...There's this notion out there that recovery has to look "happy." But sometimes recovery is hard and people have deep seated patterns that continue to follow them when they get sober.
For me it manifests as "wrong thinking" or an inaccurate mental dialogue that I fall into the bad habit of repeating and believing.  I am much happier and healthier in sobriety but I can still have an unduly pessimistic outlook on life undeserved low self esteem irrational fears about all sorts of things and disproportionate anger. If you're into AA I believe this is what Steps 6 and 7 are all about.  If I work on correcting these things I am making progress but If I wallow in these I am drunk without the alcohol.
For me it manifests as "wrong thinking" or an inaccurate mental dialogue that I fall into the bad habit of repeating and believing.  I am much happier and healthier in sobriety but I can still have an unduly pessimistic outlook on life undeserved low self esteem irrational fears about all sorts of things and disproportionate anger. If you're into AA I believe this is what Steps 6 and 7 are all about.  If I work on correcting these things I am making progress but If I wallow in these I am drunk without the alcohol.
My first week was bleak and hard. The next two weeks I felt motivated and that every day was 'worthwhile'. But now I'm struggling with huge procrastination problem. I'm not sure if it's related. As another poster said here 'deep seated issues will follow you'. ..Yup. ..But at least I've stopped medicating or masking them with alcohol so these issues are coming out into the open more. Time to work on these issues...I will not drink with you today.
I don't think I have seen that term used in a non-judgemental manner. Sort of like 'Christian-lite'. The guise being to be better but the usage.....
I would call myself a sort of dry drunk...I haven't drunk any alcohol in 70 days (yay!) But I'm still stuck in the attitudes and behaviors that led me to drink too much in the first place...I'm definitely not any happier than I was when drinking - in fact probably less happy because I don't have anything to self-soothe with. Having trouble picking up and sticking with healthy habits like exercise meditation etc..
My ex comes to mind.  He had a nasty drug and alcohol problem that he quit cold turkey on his own.  He was 2 years in to his sobriety when I met him.  Although he hadn't slipped even once and was doing very well by any standard  he was still a depressed sadsack with mommyb issues that needed to be addressed.  He had very troubling attitudes  like that he needed a girlfriend to stay sober  and that he would probably end up dying from alcohol or a drug overdose anyway. His refusal to ever talk about his feelings and get to the root of his addiction problem did end up biting him in the ass. When he relapsed  he relapsed **hard** waking up with a hangover  in jail  in a different city with no memory of how he got there.   Since we broke up  he's been on this roller coaster of sobriety and extreme binge drinking.  It is my opinion that he will never maintain sobriety without help like therapy  meetings  or maybe medical treatment for his depression.  ..That said some people are able to get sober and stay sober on their own 
