-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/613a6d/naltraxone_it_is_something_that_exists/

I'm not suggesting you take it but for those really struggling I want you to know there is a drug that can help some people with cravings. ..I hit a very low bottom and went through 3 detoxes before anybody bothered to tell me it existed. So if you are reading this- it exists. It's not like antabuse which will make you extremely ill with any contact with alcohol (hand sanitizer mouthwash etc)...If you have an opioid problem and take this you will go into instant withdrawal or overdose if you try to get high because it shuts off all those receptors. If you get hurt and need to go to the hospital they need to know you take it so they don't give you opioid based painkillers or anesthesia. ..I don't know why it works with alcohol but my own experience with it is like taking an antihistamine during pollen season except my allergy is alcohol. I felt more comfortable in my skin and didn't have the gnawing feeling of NEEDING a drink just to feel normal. Doctors have given me anti-anxiety meds anti-depressents and sleeping aids- they zonked me out made me wired or stop being effective after a month. Other than just feeling "normal" I can't say this drug actually does anything at all but I haven't drank for 3 months and it never occurs to me that I should. ..I am not you everybody is different. I just want people to know it is a thing that might help.  ..If posting something like this is against the rules of the sub I apologize and feel free to delete it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. Sharing what has and has not worked for you is ok. What isn't ok is declaring what will or will not work for others. We don't allow anyone to declare "you will fail" if they follow a particular path - we are all different and what doesn't work for someone might worh for someone else. We don't let you declare what someone has to want or do. You'd be welcome to edit your post.
Thanks for sharing. I've decided that if I slip up again or start getting crazy cravings I'm going to try naltraxone. It's kind of crazy how ill-known it is. I've talked to several doctors about alcohol abuse and NONE of them have mentioned it. But it sounds like a great aid. 
I have been on it for awhile now and the obsession has definitely lifted. Often times the thought of drinking turns my stomach...which is a very good thing. I have drank a few times and I have to tell you - while this is supposedly NOT a side effect i have only been about to drink about 1/2 to 3/4 of a bottle and I am puking my guts out...so this is an awesome side effect - for me anyway. Now when I think about it - i remember that i will be puking within minutes...and I am talking about naltrexone - not antibuse. It working great for me...hoping my doctor will keep me on it for awhile.
 Have found it very helpful too! I'm creeping up on 90 days and can't deny the naltrexone has been a great help!
