-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61cqjo/my_darkest_night_the_one_ive_been_afraid_to_put/

76 days. I never thought I would be here.... 80 days ago I was nearing the bottom of a fifth of 100-proof rum far beyond wasted. I only remember a couple fragmented moments from that night alone in a hotel room. One stands out: typing a suicide note on my phone. It's short and goes like this:.."This is my suicide note to my mother. She's the only one I thought of before I went." And then I passed out full well knowing this might be the time I didn't wake up. But I did wake up. And I took a screenshot of the words I'd written so I'll never forget them...It's hard for me to look back at that screenshot now. I want to dismiss my words as the nonsensical scribblings of a drunken idiot. But at the same time their clarity haunts me. I barely remember writing the words yet still they're eerily revealing about my mental state. I was on the inside all alone. A scared boy who missed his mother. Someone faking life as a successful young professional. I wanted the pain and fear to end. I wanted to feel loved. Like my life meant something to anyone. And the only person I could think of was my mother...Yet it's me right here.. writing this on the same phone I used to write my note. I don't know who to thank. Some days my sobriety feels like a miracle. I returned from the business trip I was on 80 days ago and started chugging vodka on a Saturday morning. I was tired though so I went to sleep. And since I woke up - 76 days ago - I've not had a drop of alcohol. Again I don't know who to thank but I know I'm thankful. I wouldn't be here without SD (particularly u/Lee_in_NY who supported me through months of relapses). I thank my mother for her unconditional love - even after she saw her own alcoholic father and brother drink themselves to cirrhosis-related liver failure and death. She never mocked or chastised me about my problem. She just kept coming back to support me. For all these things I can never repay my mother or SD. I was ready for my life to be over. Now only 76 days later my new life is just beginning. I have a second shot and I'm going to make the most of it...EDIT: here's the song I'm listening to as I read through SD tonight (think it's the best way to show how I'm feeling  ): https://youtu.be/jR3AvvGr28Q..The music describes the mood better than I ever could.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow thanks for sharing man. That is a powerful story. It sounds like you have come from a very dark place. I am proud to be here in SD with you. Keep strong I wont drink with you.
Whew. Thanks for sharing. My brother and I both finally faced our demons after descending into real suicidal thoughts. I lost 4 friends in less than a year to suicide so that helped force my hand. I'm glad you're still with us and big congrats on your 76 days.
That's some deep shit man. I been there too. Not a good experience. I won't go into detail on here. But hang in there. Glad you saw the light...
Glad you're here. Not drinking with you tonight
Glad you are here I can relate to having a new life after hitting the lowest of lows.  Get out there and live. 
 thank you
Thanks for being so open. Do know your words are helpful to me/us with similar life experiences. Much appreciated!
i am so happy you are still here. 
Thanks for sharing.  I'm new around here but can very much relate.  Today was ten weeks - 70 days - without a drink.  Good on you for staying strong.  Not drinking with you tonight...I used to stay up all night getting drunk alone.  Sometimes I'd draw or scribble something or other while I was particularly inebriated.  Once I wrote "they'll miss me when I'm gone."..I'm not sure what exactly that meant on a subconcious level but I know that I was referring to the fact that I felt I would eventually kill myself.  It wasn't so much a matter of "if" as of "when".  It's terrifying how for me drinking only either numbed or heightened suicidal thoughts to the extreme.  I continued to abuse alcohol for years after suicidal thoughts began...For me it's about growing weaker or growing stronger.  Alcohol weakened my spirit my resolve my drive my ambitions my physical state my soul my ability to connect with people...the list goes on.  Maybe you felt a sense of the same?  If so I promise you you're not alone.
Congrats on your sobriety! Thanks for sharing the song too sounds good I will check out their music. Happy Sober Friday to ya. Best Wishes~
I can really relate to your thoughts. I was drinking excessively and wanting to die for months. I am enjoying my Friday night at home doing my laundry and I feel hopeful that my new life is beginning too!
Oh dear xJT what a beautiful and heartfelt post! Congratulations on 76 days! I knew you'd get here - I've been patiently waiting for ya ;). You know I'll always be here for you...relapses good times tough times...I'm here :). This is what we do we carry each other through my friend...Wow. A suicide note to your Mom?! My goodness xJT I don't know what else to say except I'm so damn proud of you and happy that you're here with us right now. Your Mom must be very proud of you!..How sweet of you to mention me I'm so humbled and grateful for your friendship and support. You've been here for me a lot too and I greatly appreciate it!..Oh and I love that song! Thanks for sharing it with us :). Hope you have a wonderful relaxing and peaceful night. You deserve it.
Thanks for sharing. I've had similar thoughts and am happy to be on the other side. I'm glad you're here and willing to open up so others can feel less alone.
Be gentle with yourself. 
Sending so much love to you. So glad you are here to share.
u/Lee_in_NY was/is great to me as well....Suicide has crossed my brain recently...I don't have a mother.  Thank you for sharing
I'm so glad you're here and that you've found the support you need on SD (yeah Lee rocks!). I don't think I'll ever forget your post. Brave people like you are the reason I start and end every day here...I won't drink with you today friend!
Hey thank goodness you're here.    And I agree all the posters here are great and Lee ny is always so supportive. 
You have yourself to thank. It is often in moments of our deepest despair and utter hopelessness that we find our true Self. ..You rock. 
I love the song you posted! I'm so proud of you and happy to see where you've come from. You should be so proud you faced your demons. From wanting to die to having reasons to live. It's a beautiful feeling. Thanks for sharing. I'm not drinking with you today!
wow. Such a profound post. The song was hauntingly beautiful. thank you so much for posting. Life is hard but life is good. If we can all hang on to that thread we'll be okay. Good luck to you. 
A very lovely post.  Thank you so much.
Powerful words.  I don't know where to start on this but I love Radical Face!  I stumbled upon him through Pandora a few years back. Anyway on to the good stuff.  I used to think that alcohol was like some sort of truth serum and that drinking helped get me past all the peripherals.  I was wrong in so many ways. So. Many. Ways.  I hope you start to find yourself and your truth again because what I'm getting from your words is that this is not you. Eventually at some point along the way I learned to forgive myself for treating me this way. I'm still working on it I'm still working on me. There is value in you.  Your decision to stop drinking has shown that you still have some value for yourself let that grow.  I don't know why we as a group of people tend to have a tough time with this but it's a pretty common theme amongst us. Find that value in yourself.  You got this.  All my best to you friend I'm not drinking with you today. 
Thanks for sharing 
I also have a note like that saved on my phone from sometime last year written during what I can only describe as a 2 day alcohol-fueled mental breakdown. I haven't been able to look at it since and I don't even really remember what I wrote. Yet I still haven't deleted it. I don't ever ever want to go back to that dark place I was in...Good luck to you and congrats on 77 days. I'm right behind you :)
Incredible! 
I will second your props to u/Lee_in_NY! ..I have watched him humbly advise cheer on empathize and celebrate with many of us on here on SD. He is a brilliant shining star among many. Thanks for recognizing him (or her!)..
Thanks for sharing. 83 days ago I too was alone in a hotel room nearing the bottom of a liter of vodka and seriously considering suicide.  ..Still trying to come to terms with the damage I've done to my family. This is the longest stretch I've had sober since I started drinking when I was 18.  I won't drink with you today. 
Glad to hear that you are doing better.  
Glad you're still with us  
