-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61eo4x/another_failure/

Hi guys  well i relapsed..again. I don't know if I'm ever gonna get this thing right I'm just so tired and run down and i don't think i have the energy anymore. ..I'm writing this with a hangover  one of my less severe ones I'm just extremely tired and extremely thirsty. ..All i want to do is stay in bed and not get out but i can't do that. I think I've drank away all my fight. ..EDIT: I'm currently sat sipping on a hot chocolate thinking of ideas for things to do of an evening.  Feeling more positive than this morning  but also not over confident.
----------immediate responses--------

Duvet diving we call it.  I remember all those days in bed thinking WTF?  Sad to say I repeated it for years.  Eventually my body failed.  Couldn't take any more.  I was done.  Spent.   Sick and tired.  I got help and sobered up and felt better.   Relapsed.  Tried again I had to.  Didn't drink yesterday and won't drink today. ..Please keep at it.  Just try and not drink today.
I wish I could cyber-hug your hangover away SpottyBlanket. I know how it is to feel so sick &amp; beaten-down I'm sure we all do. But you're still here with us &amp; you're still fighting. Stay strong I will not drink with you today.
Sorry to hear about your struggle...I found tools resources support and fellowship at meetings.
[removed]
Hey SpottyBlanket I just want to say how impressed I am that you keep coming back.  You clearly want this very badly and you're not giving up.  I believe you can do this and I won't drink with you today.
Welcome back. God knows it sure took me a bunch of tried before I found a way that worked for me I kept coming back though just like you're doing and I just hoped that it would work eventually but truth be told I truly believed that I would probably never stop drinking. Then on March 24 2014 I decided that I would humor myself and "keep coming back" just to prove that it wasn't gonna happen not for me anyways. I don't know how or why but this time it was different I was doing it because I wanted to not because someone else was giving me an ultimatum. It hasn't been easy staying sober this whole time and I've had things that happened that normally would be reason enough to drink but I got through it. Anyways I just wanted to offer you support keep coming back things will get better. Peace and good vibes.
Well at least you are still trying! I know last week was hell for you You are not alone we just have to try our best.  I know this is crazy but  at some time in the future I see us all meeting in a hotel somewhere toasting our sobriety with water!! 
