-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61fdaq/for_me_drinking_is_a_symptom_not_the_disease/

Stopping drinking just wakes me up to reality and I'm not in love with my reality...So for me staying sober is a struggle while I get the rest of my life in order....What are your strategies for getting the rest of your life back on track?
----------immediate responses--------

Well I have stopped drinking and want to stay stopped. ..I went to a local AA meet this morning and saw an old friend who has started drinking and taking heroin again. It was horrific...Later today I intend to go to an online Smart Recovery meeting...I am at university and finding it really hard to complete my second year. I see my son regularly at week-ends (but this w/e he is off doing some sort of junior iron man event)...I just think that if I do not drink (what ever it takes) my life will sort itself out. It may not sort itself out in the way I want it to -- but it will be better than the fucking shambles it was when I was drinking
I stopped drinking and then started working on my big 7:..Fears Resentments Impatience Intolerance Guilt Pride and Anger...That began the process of my healing!
Balance seems key to the formula for me.  Trying to spend more time doing and less inside my own head.
I drink when I get bored. I've been keeping myself busy with this game I play RuneScape and getting more involved with the clan I'm in by taking on some clan jobs. It's fun and it distracts me. 
For me I had to reverse the order that you've proposed. I didn't worry about how to stay sober while I got the rest of my life in order. Instead I focused on staying sober no matter what and I trusted that if I did that eventually my life would come back in order. I didn't force anything it just kind of happened as a result of me not screwing things up because I was drunk. When I first got sober I was promised that if I made getting sober the number one priority in my life everything else would follow. I've found that to be the case. 
