-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61gpfh/first_aa_experience/

Hey SD! Day 3 and 4 have been my worst days whenever I've tried to kick this thing solo. So this time I decided on my day 3 to go to my first AA meeting and I just wanted to share my thoughts. ..I listened to others tell me where their lives "went wrong" (if they could pinpoint it) and their strength in their defeat of this demon through the group really inspired me. They were open honest and caring and I can't recommend enough that you try to find a good group to get involved with. I've tried to do this alone for over 5 years and have made it only a total of 8 weeks before sliding back into oblivion but I won't go back there again....I can't. If you have any hangups on trying one out then just go try it. You don't have to take everything they say as sacred text but it does seem to work for those that actually are working the steps. There were a few things they said that really stuck: "When you listen to others tell their stories your brain can find all sorts of ways to say...well that isn't me...I'm not that bad....etc...but instead of searching for the ways you aren't like others who are going through this problem too you can try to find at least one similarity." Let me tell you I did! Every story really hit home and while their cases weren't my own I saw pieces of the wreckage that I was dealing with due to my own unique struggle with an addiction to alcohol. The other thing that got me was: "We have a misery back guarantee." If you don't like it and don't want to put the work in then you aren't forced to come back or attend any meetings...but the old you and the misery will be there waiting for you if you can't find another solution. ..I recommend everybody give one meeting a shot. Be open minded and honest with yourself and others. You just might surprise yourself. I'm still dealing with a lot of shame and self hatred but at least I'm taking actual action to not drink (rather than waiting/holding out on the cravings to drink). Waiting to not drink isn't action...and I challenge us all to take action against alcohol. ..I will not drink today. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job. For me admitting that I needed help was crucial but it was only a start. What came next was action. Congratulations for taking some action today!
Bravo! The wonderful thing about the steps in AA is that they contain tools for dealing with shame and regret. Doing them with the help of a sponsor resulted in personal growth. 
For me it helps because one of the main reasons I drank was due to loneliness. Having the meetings gives me a place to go to instead of a bar and now I have a sponsor I need to be accountable to.
Wow great post!..&gt;We have a misery back guarantee..Yep!  Don't like it?  Can always "undo" the progress!   ;D..
In my experience one meeting is not enough of a trial because each meeting has its own "personality" and they can differ greatly.  I needed to find those meetings where I felt most at home and comfortable.
