-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61horr/doing_it_alone_5_months_sober_after_18_years_at/

First of all thanks to everybody on this page. I have been coming here more and more and it has been helping me. I have not been active untill now and would like to start by sharing a part of my story. ..The last time i was drunk was over 5 months ago. Ok it has been exactly 148 days. After about 3 bottles of red wine i fell down some stairs carrying 3 heavy bags filled with empty beer and wine bottles. Ironically i was trying to get rid of these discretely at night. Instead i landed straight into them and managed to break a little bone in my foot in the process. Shocked by the noise and the pain my self-hatred reached a new level and i decided that i did not want to drink anymore. Actually i decided that many times the preceding years but this time i really ment it. I was desperatly failing at tapering for months and knew i had to go cold turkey...For 10 years i had been drinking everyday increasingly from about 6 beers to around 2 bottles of wine. With wild weekly excesses. Before that i was an occasional (binge-)drinker but mainly a heavy weed smoker. I succesfully replaced weed with alcohol. Boy what a great idea. I don't fall in the heaviest of categories but i think it is safe to say i have a problem with addiction. Even though i have been very aware of this i never admitted it to anybody. Some people more or less knew but i don't think they realised how severe my problems where. And they still don't. I think i am great at diverting and masking my depression by making people laugh. The few times somebody tried to discuss it with me i would make them feel uncomfortable on purpose. Plus i was not hanging out that much anymore and mainly drinking by myself after work. I have led a semi-succesfull double life. One is a mess the other was a down right life threatening disaster..I 'kicked the habbit' twice before both attempts lasting 2 months. Besides that i have been mainly intoxicated to a certain extent since i was 14...I fell down the stairs on a thursday night. The next 3 days i was free from work and that weekend i locked myself in my house with my broken foot and did not contact anyone. I had enough food for the next day but that was it. That day i could not walk at all and i realised that if i could not go to the grocery store by myself on day 2 i had to call for help. Knowing my withdrawal symptons would be impossible to hide this was the last thing i wanted. Somehow i managed to limp to the supermarket nearby and shakingly got food for the coming days. I looked like a junky. I WAS a junky. When i passed the alcohol section the bottles where screaming at me. .It was 3 days of hell. Physically it was not as bad as i feared (i eat right and cycle like a maniac) but mentally all the leve's broke. It was like there was a constant stream of high voltage power going through my nerve system i had multiple panic attacks was crying constantly and had an avalange of unstoppable unfinished thoughts. And my foot hurt a lot. I was smoking little bits of weed and honostly that helped. But only in the first week during the heaviest turmoil. After that it only increased my restlesness and i gave that up completely as well. .In that weekend all i did was reading up on withdrawal addiction and sobriety online. I knew that what i was doing was risky and i would not advise anyone to do it like this. In retrospect i wish i had the courage to ask for help. Actually i still haven't...But i don't drink and i don't get high reaching 6 months! I did tell the people around me i have a problem and that i don't drink at all. They have been mainly supportive and understanding. And i am keeping a journal that is of great help. Now i am starting to work on the underlying problems. The real problems behind addiction which seems a danting task...It has been a traumatising experience for me but remembering this and the many other embarrasing situations that i got myself into in the past decades make it easy for me not to drink today. I can even be around light drinking but still avoid 'real' parties. I know that if i have one drink i will relapse and sink lower than before. ..Still i mainly feel like Henry Hill in the final scene of Goodfella's. 'I get to live the rest of my life like a snook..' .But the mess i am in now is still a lot better than the hole i am crawling out of....
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your nearly 150 days!  That's really great.  Not drinking with you today!
Thank you for sharing your story. I fell off a roof three weeks ago and haven't touched alcohol since some times it takes an accident to really hit some reality into you. I won't drink with you today!
Five months is quite the accomplishment congratulations! I am currently on day 4 and reading the post helped me a lot. It is nice to hear that others felt the things I am currently feeling (pretty much everything you described during your detox). It is also nice to know that it will get better. You have given me strength today!
Thank you for sharing. And you haven't been alone.  We've been here for you.   ...It sounds like you're doing great and you're really ready to make it stick this time.  ...Falling down the stairs into a pile of wine bottles is such an appropriate visual.  I am sorry you hurt yourself though.  ...Good job on sharing your sobriety with people you know.   That's a big step in accountability. ....Wishing you all the best.  
Yeah you!
Thanks for sharing. Forgive me  but I did get a chuckle out of you falling down the stairs into some bags of empties. You're right about Henry Hill I feel the same way. It ain't all bad though just different.
Congratulations on 5+ months! That is amazing. I've been struggling with drinking for years and am now trying to fix it almost made it to 1 month last month but fell back into the pit earlier this month and then again last night (trying to moderate but failed). At this point i am committed to just giving it up forever. Not worth wasting my life over. Thanks for sharing. This really helps guys like me!
Congrats on the 5 months! What I like most about your story is that you're in action! Once we stop drinking we absolutely must examine why were drinking so much before. The entire goal from here on out is living a sober life so that you aren't lulled into the waiting arms of alcohol and other substances. Journaling is a fantastic way to review our daily activities. What made me feel good? What has angered or upset me? Is there anything that I can do to fix those things or if they are out of my control do I even need to worry about these things?..Keep up the great work and continued progress.
Congrats! I'm 5ish too. But I had the help of 75 days in rehab...  mediating helps immensely. Especially when I don't want to. And I'm a podcast junkie now too (being the faithful addict that I am). We have so many options now to help us that were not there before a few years ago. (I only laughed a teeny bit at the falling down bit I promise). Keep on keeping on! I won't drink with you today!
Good for you. Keep it up. Hell of a wake up call I'm glad you found the inspiration you needed. Tonight I will not drink with you. 
Thanks for sharing your story. It's makes me feel so not alone. Together we got this! I will not drink with you today. 
It's so nice to only fall down because I'm clumsy now..
Thanks for the great read and congratulations! 
Congratulations! What do you do in the evenings now? 
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing you're story is inspiring.
Congrats! About 3 years ago I fell off a big curb walking out of a bar after a day of drinking. I was so smashed I didn't see the curb and face planted right into the street. I'm not a small woman so it was like a redwood falling lol. I partially tore 2 ligaments in my foot/ankle and scraped just about all my exposed skin. I was in a walking boot for 3 months and it was 6 months until the shooting pain went away. ..It still hurts to this day and the doc said it may never stop being uncomfortable at times. I wish I had stopped drinking that day but I blamed the person I was with for "making me" stay at the bar so long. Which is BS of course. I tried to moderate after that and it worked for a bit because I couldn't walk lol but once I was able to be out and about again the binging started...That day is probably one of my biggest drinking regrets because I'm physically limited from it but now that I've stopped I use it as one of the things I think about when I feel weak or think I can moderate somehow.
I like the Refuge Recovery podcasts if I want to mediate because some of them are a 30 min talk and a 20 minute meditation. The one (no meditation) by Noah Levine on forgiveness is f*cking life changing. Also the Home! Podcast is great too. Others have recommended recovery elevator recovered. 
I am here with you - congrats on 5 months!!! Thanks for sharing.
I felt like I wrote this. I just turned 30 and I've been drinking since I was about 14 also. Heavily. Every day. Or maybe even before that. My parents thought it was cute to give 7 year old me wine coolers. After recently starting a new job I decided to get sober. It's been pretty much Hell. I sit alone at home every night and the cravings drive me insane. Despite waking up every day and feeling amazing and clear headed I still want a drink. Thank you for sharing this. You aren't alone and now I know neither am I :o) Not drinking with you today!
Congrats on 150 days! I myself am on day 2 and am only looking to make it to day 3..I'm living the double life as well and it's really hard. I know when I see my friends and family they will wonder why I'm not drinking. I have no idea how I'll handle that..I'm glad you were able to detox safely although you advise against it. I'm in the same boat so I hope the next week goes OK..Love the Goodfellas reference BTW!
