-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/61olpz/feel_like_im_in_a_rut/

Hi SD! ..I'm new here actually signed up for Reddit to post this been a lurker for a little while now...A little bit about me I'm 32 years old and 18 months sober actually hit my 18th month this past week. I started drinking at the age of 19 and I was a binge drinker. I ended up finally getting sober at the urging of my family accepting the help they were offering and going to treatment probably the greatest decision I've ever made in my life. My treatment was AA based but I'm not an AA person. I find and get support by picking up the phone when I'm struggling and talking to other recovering alcoholics as well as counselling...Life is good I've got everything I could ever hope for or want but I feel like I'm in a bit of a rut. ..Lately I've been thinking about what it would be like to have that one initial drink. I know what it would eventually lead to I always play the tape through in my mind but that thought of that first drink has taken up space in my mind. I'm worried that because my life has gotten better I might get complacent and end up drinking and fall back into the same crazy cycle...Has anyone experienced anything like this and how did you work through it? Any feed back is appreciated. Thanks guys!
----------immediate responses--------

Well i was 200 days sober. Thought i would just have a beer or 2 with wings (cause you need a beer with wings right!) 2 months on and I'm back to day 1 after daily drinking 400ml of vodka a day :(.Take a look at the rut you are in and how beautiful that rut is. The rest of us are really wishing we could be in your rut..I'll join you in your rut and not drink with you today if thats ok with you. :)
I know you're not an AA person but the way I got out of my run was working the steps with a sponsor. I work through problems by NEVER taking the first drink. 
I'm dealing with the worst hangover ever (my badge hasn't been reset in a while I was really like 10 days) right now. I'm telling you IM FUCKING TELLING YOU. You do not want to feel like I do right now. Stay stronger than I was.
