-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/620h94/2_months_keep_trying/

This is the longest I've been sober for over a decade I'm 33 and probably hit my drinking stride at 23 I honestly don't remember ever taking days off until the last year when I tried to quit three times. The longest before this was a little over a month. ..But I relapsed quite a few times and even though I thought of myself a failure so many mornings the urge to stop drinking and to stop letting it own me kept pushing through. ..I can't predict the future I can only not drink today. But if you are on this subreddit and can't imagine going even a few days without boos. I can tell you you can. I never thought I could. I thought I was a drunk and that was who I was. I thought we all had our place in the world and some were drunks some were pot heads some are addicted to sex. But we can change if we want to. ..The best way for me to think about it when I'm struggling is that I'm establishing a new norm. And as many have written when the urge to drink comes and it comes. Follow the drink all the way through to the morning. I work at a store that sells liquor. And I work right in front of all the wine and beer. It's in my face constantly. And believe me I have to battle these thoughts at least a few times a night. ..Remember when you wake up and promise yourself you'll stop drinking in the morning when you feel like garbage after a binge? Well at night before that first drink try to think about the inevitable hours of regret and shame. Instead of the short lived high from drinking. ....
----------immediate responses--------

This is great advice thanks for your perspective and congrats on two months! Huge accomplishment.
So how'd you do it?
[deleted]
Spot on! Visualizing the process of 1st drink to inevitable hangover/guilt/diminished productivity definitely helps dissuade me from drinking. .I am so freaking amazed to be at day 23..Sending positives and strength to everyone here!.
Yay thank you for a great post..It gives me hope
Congrats days twin!
