-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/624zk1/finally_found_an_abstinence_tool_that_works_for/

Well I've been lurking for a few months now. Sorry for the incoming rant but this takes a while to explain and I really need to get this off my chest. ..I kicked opiates back in October last year after a break up. Without the opiate crutch I quickly replaced my already heavy consumption of alcohol with a truly horrific daily intake because hey - that's what we do in break ups! Or that's how I justified it anyway...That quickly turned into a more destructive obsession. I drank basically every night for 3 months. I wanted so badly to quit in the new year but I'd dwindled so much of my valium stash away in failed sobriety attempts that I had no other choice but to taper with alcohol. We all know how tough this is and I struggled to manage a taper without getting drunk...Desperate I went to a doctor in early February and he prescribed campral. I know some have had success with this drug but it took only the slightest edge off of cravings for me and couldn't prevent me drowning myself in alcohol. I gave up and continued in my quest to drink myself to death. I started to feel like crap and not with a hangover - I felt like my body was trying to tell me that it was do or die. I decided to give try another doctor in early March. ..What a terrible experience. He treated me like an absolute scum-of-the-earth addict. He must have called me an alchoholic 5 times spitting it at me any chance he could. He kept repeating that I must have mental health problems (which might be true) unconsciously shaking his head at me and for some reason could not fathom why I would drink self destructively. According to him I must be the first person who's ever developed a problem with alcohol. I asked for antabuse and he was reluctant to give it to me - almost like I was asking for a methadone script! He begrudgingly agreed. With my confidence shot I went to a pharmacy to pick up the antabuse...and would you know it but they were out. So was the next pharmacy. And the next. Turns out the manufacturer was completely out. ..I was so frustrated and angry at everything - at the doctor who took an already vulnerable patient and made me feel worthless and ashamed I was angry at the fact that I now did all this for nothing because the manufacturer was out of stock; I mean how does that even happen? I was angry because I tried to get help and now I was stuck drinking with my demons forever. Weeks went by and I'd check into a pharmacy periodically - still no antabuse in stock. The universe was telling me to drink. So I did...Then about 3 weeks ago I picked up some gabapeptin from my brother who had a box lying around. I'd read online that it was a glutamate inhibitor and thus an anti-seizure med. I decided to have ago at quitting alcohol again now that I had some meds that would prevent me having a seizure. ..I had no excuse not to have another go at cold turkey so I took a pill every 4 hours for the first night. Then I dropped it back to 3 pills the next night. Then I maintained that for the next two nights. After 5 days sober I was amazed at how easy it was. Not just the withdrawals - the actual abstinence was too easy; it was day 5 and I didn't even feel like drinking. Then it clicked - gabapentin had not only minimised withdrawal it had curbed any sort of cravings. I looked online and my analysis was correct; clinical trials have unanimously pointed to this drug being exceptional at reducing relapse in alcoholics...I continued taking 2 x 300mg capsules a day. After 10 days I had to bump it up to 3 capsules. Tolerance has steadied somewhat and hopefully doesn't spike too much again but I still have no urge to drink at 900mg a day. Not only that but my ability to study after work has improved out of sight also - I now realise that my chronic procrastination and swift attention turns were probably a result of undiagnosed adult ADHD. My constant neural over-activity is dimmed on the drug and as a result my impulsive nature to turn to booze has lowered significantly. It's also reducing my stress which was another big trigger for my drinking. I'm also sleeping much easier - yet another factor that led me to drink...I honestly can't believe the difference this drug has made. My life is infinitely better. after only 3 weeks. I'm doing two really intensive programming units to finish of my degree at the moment while balancing a busy job and I'm amazed at how much better I can handle it all without the booze. I'm going to the gym every day. I'm more positive. I'm eating better. I'm more motivated to socialise. EVERYTHING is better...The turn around from my near suicidal outlook just three weeks ago is gobsmacking - all because I quite drinking alcohol. To cap it off I went to the doctor and got some bloodwork done today to see how my liver function is. It's been the last thing on my to-do list and has been worrying me (funnily enough I've been more worried about liver damage now that I've quit drinking). I feel really accomplished and even though I'll a little nervous about the results I'm proud that I've taken the step to finally get it checked out. Drunk me would put it in the "Don't Care Too Ignorant" box but sober me cares and wants to know whether it's good or bad news. I'll deal with it positively whatever the results...One last thing - in no way am I trying to sell gabapentin as a miracle drug or "get out of jail free" card in terms of regaining sobriety. I simply used it as a tool and I was ready to quit. Once I detoxed I made other big adjustments in my life I saw a psychologist I hit the gym and invested my time in other things. It is by no means a 'cure' for alcoholism. Gabapentin also has its side effects - my memory is a little foggy while on it which rolls over to the next morning. But even if I have to stay on this my drug my whole life I would choose it any day over alcohol. I haven't felt this positive in a long long time. ..I will not be drinking with you all today...
----------immediate responses--------

Great tip! I'll ask my doctor if it's right for me!
Reg. Campral - for how long did you take it?. When I got it from the Mad Doctor he told me that there would be no effect for at least a week - for some up to 3 weeks before it kicked in.
I've been on Gabapentin for about a month now and I completely agree that it helps! It also helps with anxiety which I think is a reason I drink in the first place. I'm in the U.S. and my doctor prescribed me 600mg a day (200mg 3x a day). Glad you found that it's also helping you!..Stay strong! 
That's fantastic! I'm really happy for you! On a side note I hope you switch to a different doctor because this one sounds like a real prick. It takes so much courage to admit our difficulties with alcohol what a way to throw it in your face :( Best wishes!
I doubt anyone's reading this but I thought I'd give an update. I got my bloodwork results back and for some incomprehensible reason my liver is fine. My ATL/AST were actually in the middle of the healthy range (my ATL count was 34) which is even more shocking I was expecting that the ATL count would have been well outside of normal ranges. In fact all my haematology results were in normal ranges. I'm completely healthy. Not just completely but as per the doctor's observations "exceptionally healthy"...I must be one of the lucky ones because I was drinking 70-90 standard drinks a week for months there. I was getting drunk daily and my diet was horrible for a while there too. It just goes to show how resilient the liver is and I'm thankful mine battled on through my self destructive phase. I'd say I pulled things together just in time and I was eating really well in the last month of alcoholism which I think is a saving grace for pissheads. If you're drinking at totally abusive levels you at least need macro and micro nutrition to help you liver heal...I feel like I'm starting over again but I truly feel blessed that I've managed to regain a lifestyle where I'm happy and sober and my body is healthy. Not everyone makes it out with any of those things and I've got all three...Have a great Sunday all.
