-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62a1ic/really_struggling/

Hey guys...I'm really struggling with my thoughts and feelings these last few days. I hope it's okay to write them here. I hate being a downer...For the last five years whenever I picture my future it's invariably bleak. I see an isolated existence that must be endured rather than enjoyed. Knowing that such predictions can be self-fulfilling makes me feel worse because I don't know how to change this so instead I just repress these feelings and worries until they explode out of me usually in the form of anger...I'm a human. I want to have a home and to feel loved. I feel terribly isolated where I live and work currently. When I step over the drunk homeless people to get into my apartment I think that the only thing separating me from them is the fact that right now I've got money. I go to therapy every week which costs me a fortune. It's been seven months and yet I still feel the same. I'm taking medication now too which helps a little. I have no local family and only one friend...I know that I must change. I've endured many losses and a lot of grief and pain. This battle has been going on for fifteen years now. It feels like parts of my soul have been eaten away. While I do believe that healing is possible -- I *have* to believe that -- I worry that this feeling of emptiness inside me is a fundamental part of who I am now...There's no denying that depression changes you. I'm 30 and while everyone tells me I look 25 I feel so old inside and I struggle with wanting to be alive. Over the past decade I've ruined many relationships and tossed away great opportunities. And I know that it's my fault. I've spent an enormous amount of time and energy trying to fix myself. I've tried just about everything out there. Hell I'm looking into Buddhism and meditation right now and I haven't ruled out a ayahuasca trip. I don't want my life to be like this...I've tried cutting out drinking time and time again and consistently fail. I don't seem to have cravings like some people do. I can't even explain to myself why I continue to drink. I just do. I think I honestly just hate myself. Half the time I just want to punch myself in the head over and over again...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you done any day dreaming of what might be a goal for your future?  Little steps turn into big achievements.  I have had total burn out at work too so I really let it slide and didn't solicit new business.  Over time accounts go and so now I have set goals and action steps to take to get out of the funk.  I moved to where my family I grew up with was and believe me moving does not solve problems.  I was disappointed and move west again where the climate doesn't have frigid winters and sweltering humid summers.  Also I made goals that I want to pursue drawing cartoons (no training) I got a bunch of learn to draw books and I so I plan to dedicate an hour to that a day.  I am glad you are here. The cartoonist that created Dilbert wrote down 15 times a day I will be a syndicated columnist.  Not too far down the road he was.  Good luck!
Buddhism and mindfulness helped changed the way I viewed the world. I started reading about mindfulness and was a total skeptic. How can focusing on breathing help anything? I had fucking PROBLEMS you know?..I realized that I loved to suffer and was addicted to chaos. Mindfulness and some Buddhist concepts help me disconnect from the needier parts of my ego.
Seeing homeless people is really hard for me as well. It seems like a mystery that I'm not i simply lucked out with a good family. If I can help them in anyway it really changes the experience. The confusion remains but I also feel a little better just being able to share what I have....I have been in a lot of therapy dbt is the only one that helped me change my negative thought patterns. It's just what worked for me there are so many types....When I am in my darkest places there is a quote that keeps me going "If you're going through hell keep going." I  steel myself by remembering all the shit I have been through and the fact that I survived. I can't say what my future holds I had to change the goals and dreams I had as a child but I have accepted that. I have learnt to love myself and my life I did not think I ever would....I am on day 1 I don't know if I should even be reaching out to others on their posts yet. I just had to reach out to you.  I really hope you keep talking. You have taken so many of the right steps I hope you keep trying new ones and that you find what works for you :)
I know of what you speak! I always feel like a burden myself and I hate to feel like a downer but I find these posts to be really helpful. It's comforting to hear others express things that I feel but few people ever really share. It's hard for me to be motivated to work on myself because deep down I don't believe I'm worth it. I don't really like myself so it's a struggle to make that investment! I'm working on being kinder to myself and I hope you can find some peace for yourself too :) I understand where you are coming from and you are not alone!
