-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62g7yi/does_the_notion_of_forever_stop_you_from_wanting/

As a child I was molested by a distant family member. I lived in a emotionally volatile household where fits of yelling and anger might break out at any moment. I was emotionally neglected and treated like a burden who couldn't get anything right. I left this household at 15 and have not had any emotional or financial support since. I remember thinking to myself 'I'm so lucky that I'm not more fucked up than I am... I have every reason to be an addict or an alcoholic.' I was responsible and motivated a hard worker seriously determined succeed and making a living out of my passions. I felt like I had beaten the odds and I wanted to make the best of it. ..So I haven't always had issues with alcohol. Only in the past two years did I start to notice pretty serious signs of alcoholism like 'start can't stop' binge drinking and blacking out. Last year I showed up to a bar plastered and had my drink spiked. I regained consciousness in a room with only a mattress on the floor with a large stranger lying beside me who took advantage of me while I was frozen in terror (I assume he did the night before as well). Last year I went to a house party blacked out and woke up in an apartment full of younger men. I avoided going home that day because I was bored and lonely. I spent the day with them and we all partied again that night. I blacked out again but woke up with sudden flashbacks of being raped. One time I took a train from Montreal to Toronto got plastered on the ride then woke up in my bed without any recollection of getting home. Some of my luggage was missing so I called to report the lost items. I left my house right after the call and found all my luggage lying in my front yard (where I likely left them). ..On January 1st of this year I decided to take all these signs into account and refrain from the booze for a while. I spent most of December alone and depressed; I drank every day knowing these were my last days of drinking. I drank more knowing that it would make me sick of the depressing cycle. So as of January 1st stopping wasn't my biggest challenge. I was ready. My biggest challenge was determining the amount of time I would stop drinking for. The notion of forever seemed impossibly daunting. ..The notion of quitting drinking forever scares the hell out of me. There are so many things about booze that I love - mostly for social reasons. All my friends drink and my work consists of going to industry events with free booze. I love socializing networking dancing parties bars dinners... all these situations involve booze. ..So when I set out to quit drinking I gave myself an end in sight. I told myself I would celebrate on March 12 at a work function. ..In my 66 days of sobriety: .- I went to the gym did strength training yoga and physio exercises for my knee surgery recovery. .- I indulged in self-care by going to the sauna and hot tub multiple times a week.- I lost 8 pounds.- My apartment was regularly clean and tidy.- My moods mellowed out I was much more patient didn't have any bouts of depression or take any sick days.- I slept really well and started dreaming again.- I was happy motivated and excited on a day-to-day basis.- I did a 21 day cleanse that left me feeling more alive and healthier than ever.- I felt proud and surprised at how easily the changes had taken place.- I was more productive than ever applied myself to creative endeavours and made progress on my passion projects that I was proud of.- I smiled a hell of a lot more and I got our of the house a lot.- I relaxed..I intended to get back on track after celebrating but it has proven to be much more difficult than I anticipated. I indulged in the drink 3 days earlier than planned on March 9th. ..Since going back to drinking:.- I blacked out 2 times.- I drank every day that I didn't have a hangover.- I have been fighting off a never ending sinus infection.- I drank not because I wanted to drink but because I knew I was going to have to quit again and I felt like I wanted to indulge as much as possible before I couldn't anymore.- I took 4 days off of work due to hangovers and depression.- I spent 5 days straight without leaving my apartment mostly lying in bed staring at social media.- I didn't shower or dress up I wallowed in my feelings of self-doubt and self-hatred.- I avoided the outside world because of my moods.- I feel trapped by my habit it controls me and makes me do things I don't even feel like doing.- I have found it difficult to commit to getting back on track.- I find excuses for drinking and for not quitting drinking (just yet) and I commit to them as soon as the thought arises .- I set goals for quit dates but found excuses for not being able to drink (a drinking buddy in town a drinking festival a free drinks networking event etc.)..This time around the drinking habits feel worse and harder to control. I feel trapped. Because of this I know I need to stop again. But I have so much trouble making a commitment to quit drinking forever. At the same time I'm afraid to set a short-term goal allowing me to go back to drinking at some point. I fear I'll end up in this same difficult situation... or worse. ..I went to my first AA meeting on Monday and mentioned my struggle with the notion of quitting forever. A woman I befriended said:..'You have to romanticize these kinds of things. Right now I am single and I don't have children but when I get married it will be forever. I won't go into marriage fearing that it may not last forever. I will take things day by day and put the effort to make it work because it's worth it. It's the same with drinking you have to try not to dwell on the notion of forever and just live day to day with good intentions."..I love the thought of this! It makes so much sense to think of it this way. On Monday April 3rd I'm getting back on the sober bandwagon. I hope to be able to feel motivated by this thought. I don't know how long I can hold out but I'm confident that I will start to feel great again and I hope that will help me to romanticize about an alcohol free lifestyle more...Whereas I used to wonder if I really did have a problem or question if maybe I was just living through a tough time... I now know for sure that I am an alcoholic. I'm ready to face this and make all the necessary efforts. ..Do you struggle with the notion of quitting forever as well? Has it stopped you from setting your goals and staying on track? 
----------immediate responses--------

In a word to answer your question yes. Forever is daunting. So I just worry about the current day. I wake up and check in here and decide not to drink today. I might give in tomorrow but today I will enjoy the benefits of not drinking no matter what temptations come up. Each day that I do so seems to make it easier to do it again the following morning. 
I'm not quitting forever I'm just not drinking today. There is a very high probability that I will make the same decision tomorrow. I've gone about it this way for the past 530 days and it seems to be working. Whenever I got caught up in fear-based thinking about potential relapses they became self-fulfilling prophecies. So I don't think about it like that anymore. It wasn't easy there's a kind of zen to it though in its simplicity. Welcome back keep us posted!
I don't like setting it up as forever but just for today doesn't cut it for me anymore...I like longer time lines. I've settled for "the foreseeable future"
I'm a newbie and someone told me something that stuck with me -- while the date of her last drink was in 1989 the longest she's been sober has been THAT DAY. When I go to bed I thank God for keeping me sober for that day. Forever is impossible. I can only be sober for today.
I agree with your lady friend. Forever doesn't bother me I want to be buried sober. How I'm going to get there is one day at a time. I know that someday I will turn the age of 65 of course things could happen and maybe not but my point is I will get there one day at a time. I don't sweat it. I do everything I can today to be healthy and happy and let tomorrow take care of it's self. On a more deeper level I think it has calmed my stupid lizard brain. I remember when I was first trying to get sober I would try just for today or i'll try for 30 days. My head would start talking and say well ok maybe 25 days hell 20 would be good. With forever it has nothing to bargain with. I'm not even near forever yet. For me the lizard just shut up after that. 
God bless you for sharing that. For me i know I could always return if I wanted to. But I don't the obsession as it were was a mental illness. That's all people I know who don't care to drink (my parents) don't give a shit about drinking it just doesn't matter to them. But I bet if I said no more alcohol FOREVER they would have some pang somewhere inside them just because declaring you cant do something FOREVER is DAUNTING no matter what. ..People say keep it in the day and I agree but for me I keep it in the rational. My brain hasn't changed if I consume I will quickly become shot as fuck. That's the bottom line not "projecting" is extremely helpful not just in the context of imagine a future forever without drinking. But in the sense that my imagination is a product of my physical brain which was and still is to some degree deranged haha...Good luck op I'm so glad you've stopped drinking keep at me I think your doing great
I drank alcoholically for 30 years.  I couldn't imagine my life without alcohol.  Now I can't imagine sacrificing all the blessings of sobriety for whatever small relief might be left in the bottle.  I have no illusion that there is any positive to drinking.  It is simply poison so even though I don't think about it very much not drinking forever is about as daunting as not drinking Drano forever - it's a good thing.
Fearing not drinking forever is something I've actually something I've flipped around on itself. If I'm happy not drinking today what will be different when I'm older that will make me wish I had? Am I really going to be 35 regretting not drinking on March 30th 2017? The answer is obviously no but I guarantee I will regret it if I wake up hungover every birthday from now until I die and if I don't stop now the chances of that happening increase every day. 
Absolutely. I'm 19. To think I'll never have a drink again in my life is crazy. And I think I'm just setting myself up for failure if I think about it in terms of 'forever'. As everyone says just take it one day at a time and it won't seem so daunting. ..Anyway that's what I'm doing and I'm only 2 days in so what the fuck do I know haha? 
Hi an emotionally tumultuous childhood can leave scars maybe just wont understand. However from the sounds of it my drinking is like yours. Alcoholism sucks and its hard to accept that those good moments you had drinking wont happen again. I know i struggle with it. Then again how good were those moments even anyways? Can we not feel great about connections and new adventures while sober! For me the negatives of drinking clearly outweigh any positives. Good luck fellow Canadian
