-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62my22/ummm_company_wine_bus_event_i_dont_want_to_go_but/

Can I just point something out?..32 million Americans nearly one in seven adults have struggled with a serious alcohol problem in the last year alone.  For people like me who I would categorize as something beyond "serious alcohol problem" and more as full blown alcoholic I would guess it's about one in fourteen...**That's just way too fucking much to have company events entirely centered around alcohol.**..I'm not trying to be Debbie Downer/No Fun Sober Guy.  People can go balls out at the company happy hours or Holiday Party or basically whenever.  They can start drinking before 5PM on Friday in our bar room.  Whatever.....But this shit starts at 8:30AM on a work day.  And I actually do have things to do during my work day that are time sensitive.  Oh and I'm a total alcoholic who has blacked out at quasi-office events before... but *somehow* I haven't been called out or fired.  ..I don't even like wine!..Ok... you know what?  I'm pretty much just talking to myself here.  I already know the answer.  I'm just.... small rant.  Thank you if you got this far.
----------immediate responses--------

As my friends and I say bitching is sacred. Thanks for the rant! Totally legit. I will not drink with you today! 
conversely 287 million americans don't have a serious drinking problem (some of them yet cause of course that includes all ages). i agree that it sucks and it's challenging but we have to resolve the problem for ourselves independent of the culture that doesn't affect everyone in the same way. good luck! i say take a pass and do your work. 
When I go to events like that I enjoy just witnessing people getting progressively drunker. I end up being the "designated human". It's kinda of like watching a train wreck and doesn't bother me at all that I'm not participating. 
This is my favorite thing to reference when I get annoyed and start ranting. ..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nT10djF6J8..I even do it in person too! It really helps :)..You got this my friend!!
If you feel comfortable going just seeing you not drink might encourage other people who don't really want to drink to feel more comfortable not drinking. If I were in that situation I would see you not drinking and be like "Cool I don't need to drink either." Three weeks ago I would have been excited about a company wine event. It's entirely different being on this side of things though. Funny how perspective can shift so drastically in just a short amount of time. I will not drink with you today!
Can you fake your own death? ;)
I hate how "fun" work events revolve around booze at so many places. I used to work at an advertising agency and midday boozing events were not uncommon. For someone like me with no off switch these were dangerous as hell...If you don't go you might miss out on a little bit of fun but my guess is you WON'T miss hanging out with your sloppy coworkers or waking up with a host of regrets. ..Sounds like you already know what the right decision is. Best of luck. :)
My therapist and I worked quite a bit this year on *not* doing the things I felt like I *should* do.  If you can figure out a way to get out it I say bail.  Can you schedule something like a doctor appt vet appt anything for that day?
I would come down with a serious 24-hour stomach flu (air quotes) and take advantage of the quiet time to get some work done. I've been at work events like this and even one year into sobriety they make me stabby. it's better for me (and everyone around me!) if I remove myself from the environment entirely. good luck! 
F that. I always refused to do forced fun events at work even when I was drinking. 
Maybe mention to your boss (kind of on the sly) that maybe someone should stay back and make sure the office is covered you know just in case.
If it was me I'd consider taking a sick day. 
Maybe find a company whose culture does not revolve around drinking. 
Wow that is unbelievable that they'd have an event like that and that it would start at 8:30 am. Shame on them! I don't suppose you feel comfortable saying something to your HR department?
Me at every business dinner. "I'll have a hot tea please." I can literally feel the stares stack up. Now I just don't even care anymore. The more things like this you deal with the better you figure out your own skin. I agree with other posters here I have left work gatherings and family/friend gatherings just feeling pity for some of the folks. Sometimes you can identify a fellow problem drinker before they have even found out about themselves.
