-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62pkkx/fully_committing_this_timeis_this_normal/

26 days sober; the longest amount in many years. Found a good AA group for me (I know many struggle with this but the group that I am in really fits my vibe) and have experienced the following things these last three weeks. Unfortunately it has been a rough two or three days...Week 1: Felt great. More energy no more hangovers ready to tackle life's obstacles...Week 2: Mildly frustrated. Came to the realization that I am committing this for the rest of my life. This is no longer a 6 month stint this is going to be a lifelong struggle/goal. This made me mad as I always enjoyed to drink (though not any of the repercussions or resulting health risks)...Week 3: Devastated. Realizing all of the time wasted all of the personal relationships that I have damaged all of the time I could have been reading acquiring skills becoming more of a scholar in my field and how I am not as skilled and intelligent as my colleagues (I am a grad student) because I was drinking a bottle and a half of wine every night...I do not feel the urge to drink which is good but man I wish I could have these years back. I will be okay and if everyone is feeling or felt this way then you are not alone...La Croix has already been purchased. I will not drink tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you tonight although I am frustrated and somewhat sad tonight. I am also being forced to watch power rangers with some of my favorite 9 10 and 11 year old boys. ..Bottom line? I won't drink with you tonight because that would not change anything in a positive way!..*raises can of faux LaCroix*
I'll have a La Croix with you right now!  
Day 10 and I've felt a mix of your second and third week today. Helps to know I'm not alone. I will no drink with you tonight! 
I feel the same way. The time wasted is hard to get over. Thanks for posting. I won't drink tonight either!
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The next best time is now. All the best!
Hey 2u .... I quit at 48...imagine how I feel?  LoL :) Do I have regrets? Yes but I've learned to accept life as it is. Compare myself to myself and not to what I think others are.  I'm happier than I have ever been. I don't miss the drink. I think about it once in a while but don't romance the idea. I like to play it backwards and think--how would I feel right now if I had had a drink one hour ago? The happy buzz would have passed and I'd be well trying to get it back until I passed out or ran out. It took me some time to get used to the sober life but I'm glad that I took every drink that I did to get to where I am now. I do the AA thing too--it's helped me a lot. 
I can relate to the sense of frustration and regret you feel about your past. I try not to dwell on what I lost to drinking. Actually a lot of my regret became momentum to make positive changes eventually leading to a greater appreciation of all the good things that now exist in my life now that I no longer drink it away. What helps me most when I start to have the thoughts that you have is to just redirect them. I start to make a list in my head of all the things I'm grateful for and then I start to feel better.
Dont believe it fully - I fully committed last time 45 days sober  then relapsed over and over and over and over again going from 45 to 30 to 28 to 25 to 20 to 15 to just 5 days sober. 
I will not drink with you tonight!
The thought of 'forever' makes me scared too. So I'm just not drinking today. And doing the same tomorrow. And the next day. 
I spent weeks 3/4 really sad frustrated. I pulled through and now I've never felt better. Keep going! I will not drink with you tonight. 
Keep going man.  You are back on track.  Try not to let that regret or anger of wasted time get to you.  Take solace in the fact that you are ahead of MILLIONS of people and some of those people take their addictions to the grave.  You are free now.  
Oh my goodness gracious does this ever resonate with me (week 3 particularly). I STILL kick myself on occasion for the time I lost from schooling: I'm 31 and I just graduated college in 2016 and now realizing that it's damned scary to apply to grad schools with a B.A. and a whole pile of experience waiting tables and not much experience doing anything else. 9 of the 13 years between graduating high school and now were Drinkin' Years and I've got zilch to show for them mostly. At least I'm not alone in the "what the hell did you waste all that time for" feeling?..I'm glad you're not drinking today dogg and I'm joining you on the LaCroix train right now (passionfruit YES). 
I had a bunch of regrets come into my head this morning just as I was waking up (thanks a lot Brain ya jerk). Thinking about opportunities I missed out on because drinking was my top priority asking myself what would have happened if I had made different choices. A part of me finds this kind of thought exercise fascinating but it's only fun when I'm able to do it without self-judgment. Our lives are like these big jumbles of branching and intersecting paths. Every choice we make changes our direction in the moment but I'm not convinced that all of those opportunities we think we miss are actually gone forever. Things have a way of coming back around. As long as you are alive (and sober) you still have a chance to accomplish all the things you wanted to accomplish to experience real love and connection to learn and grow. You're still making choices...I'm not drinking with you. 
This really hits home. Thanks for sharing. Congratulations to you and good luck. 
This is where meditation and yoga has helped me a lot. It sounds very far out especially for someone like me who's been cynical detached and anti spiritual my whole life but the skill of kind of being able to see the negative and positive emotions for what they really are (passing emotions and not profound or even necessarily useful truths) has been really helpful. ..So when I'm upset about time wasted I try to put that out of my head (as a passing emotions that can't help me change the pattern) and do something to change that today instead. Anything is okay as long as I'm not drinking...Also I have kind of made myself look at my "down years" as its own thing that has made me into who I am and not as "wasted". I didn't get what I wanted out of those years but life isn't about everything going right and our experience is a part of life as well as any other. ..For one it's made me more empathetic. When someone "just can't" do something or are addicted or are mentally ill my parents would think less of them. I've been there myself and understand. I allow myself to be proud of that and I see it as a virtue in others. ..Secondly I've struggled more than most people my age. And my addiction and depression and all of it has forced me to reflect and make conscious decisions about my life. My hobbies the books I read the food I eat my job: all of it is consciously done because I need to keep my head above water. I need to enjoy my life in order to stay sober. A lot of people do things "just because" without really thinking about why. A lot of people never enjoy their lives but don't change anything either because they don't have to. My parents once again a perfect example of this...Anyway. I don't know if you can use any of this or if any of it resonates with you. Hopefully it's some kind of helpful but either way I won't drink with you tonight and good luck getting through this stage! If I can anyone can 
And again today let's not drink!
I find regret to be a valuable short term tool because for me dwelling in the past is like poison.
If it makes you feel better I think grad school thinking back is when I lost control and I've just realized it ten years later.  I never got bad enough that it hurt my career and I'm pretty far along in my field.   Good for you catching it now and giving yourself a leg up outside of your grad school microcosm
It's called grief and it's perfectly normal. Give yourself some time to process it that's the first part of recovery. You may have lost some time/years but you can be thankful that it wasn't longer.
i find help in embracing the pain but not the suffering (more Buddha).  life is unpleasant and pleasant and all is impermanent.  *not drinking with you today.
