-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62qgpn/is_my_sponsor_asking_too_much_of_me/

Hey friends and happy sober Friday!..So I've been sober for around 3 months now and have been working with a sponsor for 2 of them. I do enjoy working with her and I think she's definitely helping me stay sober however I'm starting to think her "suggestions" (demands/requirements) are more than what's necessary and wonder if they're making this whole sobriety thing more difficult and complicated than it needs to be. ..Here is what I am required to do:..-read 10 pages in the big book every morning.-read the 3rd and 7th step prayers every morning .-call and check in with my sponsor daily.-meet with my sponsor for an hour once a week.-have a home group that participates and votes at GSA meetings. This must be attended every week. .-attend at least one meeting a week that my sponsor is at. Her schedule is never consistent so this becomes a moving target from week to week.-have a service commitment at a meeting.-fill out weekly step work worksheets.-meditate daily.-go to at least 3 meetings a week but if I go to three she asks why it wasn't 4. If I went to 4 why wasn't it 5? If I explain I had other commitments she claims I am putting those things above my sobriety. 3 seems like a base number but definitely isn't enough to keep this from becoming a weekly discussion. ..There are a few more things but that's the gist of it. I should also mention that I attend an hour and a half "after care" rehab meeting every week that my sponsor says doesn't "count" as a meeting. I also see a therapist once every other week that doesn't "count" as sobriety related either. ..On top of my sobriety related activities I have a job that on any given day could keep me well past 5pm (advertising.) I also run daily (5 miles that I get up at 4:30am to accomplish) which will increase soon when marathon training begins at the beginning of the summer. ..Anyway my point relaying all this is not to bitch about everything. It may be that this is what it takes to be an active member of AA and if that's the case I'll adjust. I'm coming back from a relapse that I can directly attribute to falling out of the program so I'm really hesitant to trust my own judgement and go against any recommendations that are given to me. However I'm starting to ask myself what's the point of living a sober life if I don't actually get to *live* it?..Any insight or advice would be really appreciated. Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

I know the 90 in 90 is a pretty popular one among sponsors. 90 meetings in the first 90 days. And it does work. I also didn't see a step meeting on the list so you may have it easier than you think...You said you had your sponsor 2 months. Maybe this is still the trial phase. Maybe she just wants to know that you're serious about your sobriety...Also one of the jobs of a sponsor is big servings of TTFU (tough the ---- up). I and many others went through various emotional issues when I got sober and a sponsor notices these and nips them in the bud...Sounds like you have a stern sponsor which I think is good this early in the process. Of course it's completely voluntary so you could always switch sponsors but that kinda defeats the purpose of a sponsor. Newcomers tend to try to tailor their sobriety to what they want but a lot of the time what they've tried hasn't worked so in those situations I feel it's best to trust your sponsor and communicate with honesty. It can only make your sobriety stronger.
Hi there I don't think it sounds {crazy} but her expectations are definitely higher than my sponsor's. Calling every day meeting once a week assigning homework encouraging you to go to meetings -- all good. But moving the goal posts and setting up "requirements" seems a bit overbearing. The bottom line is that if it's not working out you can change sponsors. It's totally fine to do that. Before you decide maybe just think about pros/cons of working with your current sponsor and if you need someone like her to push you and hold you accountable. Growing pains are a real thing -- sometimes my sponsor needs to tell me things that are difficult for me to hear but she speaks the truth in kindness.  
My first sponsor was like this- I stuck with it for about 5 months until I had gotten my ego euthanized enough times then found someone more my speed. It was a good move at the time though; however your Milage will vary; it sounds like you are a busy person my two cents is if it's overwhelming you or you don't feel it's 100% beneficial then find someone else. You deserve to have a very positive experience good luck to you keep sharing what's on your mind :)
You might want to bring up a well-known AA slogan: "Easy Does It." The perfect is the enemy of the good.
Damn that's hardcore! first I want to give you kudos for keeping up with all those engagements. I need to be more driven :). That being said I think I agree with what has been said already you need to ask yourself if this is a positive experience for you but also are you growing? It seems this person needs to pump the brakes a little and dismissing things you are doing for *you're* sobriety is concerning. I think being able to juggle all of this proves how bad you want it though. 
I feel compelled to speak for myself .. But I wouldnt be able to meet those requirements. . sounds like that old drunk traded in her bottles for a whip and a new obsession.. I would block her from my life.. There is more than one way to skin a cat... Thanks for trying hard core style. Maybe try what works for you. .. (Ps. I didnt go the aa way. Maybe some day?  ). I wont drink with you.
Sounds like a good sponsor.   Please carry on that program for at least one year.   What you put in you get back  
Try telling her how your feeling. That would be good practice all on its own. Be honest. If she's not willing to compromise a bit then....Take a look at that. .I would rather have you sober than resentful. .
I couldn't even finish the list..That is a lot. ..BUT I got sober by just doing what I was told doing whatever it took to stay sober.That was what I needed though. .. It won't be like this forever! shes just trying to keep your head in the game right now I bet ..Now I feel like Im being too "easy" on my sponsee ;)
