-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62um4b/trying_to_learn_how_to_love_myself/

I'm trying to learn how to be nice to myself.  More than that I need to learn how to love myself.  It's been a long time coming.  Years and years of escaping my life and in turn imprisoning my mind.  I have been listening to my body and it is screaming for help.  I do a lot of typing at work and noticed it more difficult to do it fluently.  A serious decline in motor skills.  One day last week was so difficult I thought "you have drunk yourself retarded"  I then take a few days off from wine until the coordination returns and then right back at it.  For the most part people have no idea that this has been an issue for me.  They think I'm overweight b/c I love nachos or maybe I'm just lazy.  Well I do love nachos like a lot but that is not where all this weight came from.  Seriously who could eat THAT many nachos?  I have made myself sick literally and figuratively...My focus has left the building along with some of my coordination and most of my self respect.   I take a few days off to regain some of them and promptly piss it away.  It is as if I made a deal with myself to never be happy healthy or have an ounce of energy for tomorrow.  I've missed time from work and doubled down on that loss of money by spending more my family doesn't have on a couple boxes of wine a week and a few small bottles of whatever. It has gotten old hiding bottles and empty boxes of wine so nobody knows.  Not to mention remembering where they are.   ..Ironically I am a health nut (more like health research nut).  I know tons of natural remedies for problems (that have actually worked) and eat healthy foods juices and take my supplements.  I have weened myself off of all medications.  Mainly b/c I didn't want to hurt my already beaten liver.  Isn't that something all that for my liver but the alcohol can stay.  Now that is some next level stupid shit.  I say shit because if I'm being honest I'm full of it.  I have all the answers but have conveniently been unwilling to ask myself the most important question.  "Do you want to live?"  ..The answer is a resounding yes. ..I'm throwing in one towel and picking up the mop.  Time to clean up this mess.  I have two beautiful boys and a great wife.  I have a good job where my boss is aware of my struggles (he is a childhood friend).  They have set me up with a mind body and soul trainer and it has probably been what has been keeping me alive the past few months.  If I put half the amount of energy into this as I did getting drunk I'll be good to go.  ..I appreciate everyone's stories they share in this forum.  At times it brings a tear to my eye but that is part of the healing process.  Time to go heal myself and play some Mario Bros with my oldest...Thanks for reading.  Peace Love Happiness and Health to all of you.  Thanks for not drinking with me today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on taking back control I will not drink with you today 
Great post thanks for sharing. Good luck on your journey and I will not drink today either :)
Thank you for sharing.  I am a health nut researcher too.  Oh yes the irony I hear you on that.  I can relate to the big old elephant in the room too.  I preferred TJs Sav Blanc from NZ and Black Box Sav Blanc from Chile while I watched hours and hours of documentaries on healthy food bodies etc.......Shhesh. Well the good news is the cigs are gone fast food gone sugar except wine was gone taking high quality vitamins and minerals.  So the last step was dumping the wine and then losing the wine gut.  I won't drink with you today. Oh and then most important I need to be a rock star and start soliciting and opening lots of new accounts.  We can do this and love every minute of it.  I won't drink with you today.  We can be all around healthy now:)
