-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/62yw58/aa_caused_my_strongest_drink_craving_ever/

I'll try and make this a long story short. ..I relapsed a couple of times this month and I was in such a state on Monday after relapsing my mum flew over 2000km to be with me for a few days. On Friday I went to go to my first AA meeting. It was meant to be a young people's meeting. I'm almost 21. They were all smoking outside the door they didn't seem young - averaging about 40 or so. I walked past and then walked past again and just didn't go in. It was all too real. There was an AA sign on the door and for the first time since I've realised I have a problem I started thinking that I'd blown it all out of proportion and loads of people drink crazy at my age doesnt make me different. ..I went back to my mum where she was at a cafe and we talked. The whole time though all I was thinking of was a nice cold beer or the feeling of a Jacky and coke. I was saying the words to her 'I think I've overreacted to my drinking' exactly at the moment as I was feeling the strongest drink craving ever. I didn't want her to be there. I wanted to be alone so I could drink in peace. I've never felt like drinking alone (usually drag friends out) either so it was a very new feeling. ..She came with me to an AA meeting the next day and it was a small group. All older men. They were lovely though. They were discussing their inventories and they seemed to all make mention of them when they started AA and the feeling of that how some of them wete very young when they started drinking. They didn't say it directly to me but I felt they were talking to me when mentioning these things. I got my first chip 24 hours sober. We went for a coffee after with two of them both men above 70. At one point one mentioned the 'drink dreams' (where you dream you're drinking and wake up in a panic feeling like you have) and I was like 'oh my God yes I know those!' and it was so weird having such a common factor with this 75 year old man. ..We're going to another meeting in a couple of hours. I did feel good after the first meeting. Yet I'm aware this is the most unsure I've felt it all feels very real while going to meetings and as much as I relate to what a lot of them say I feel a strong denial and reluctance in me. It makes me not trust and feel a little unstable in my sobriety. ..Did any of you experience this once starting AA?? ..I also have a hard time saying 'alcoholic'. When they were introducing themselves like 'Hi I'm Paul I'm an alcoholic' I started freaking out a little inside at having to say those words. I didnt have to as I didn't speak but the word makes my insides twist and turn. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am not so young or not so old. I started the program a little more than 3 months ago and I felt everything you felt. I found the right home group and all the meetings I like I feel safe there. But the uncertainty of it all down to even the choking out the word when I said it was tough at first. But I found a sponsor I can relate to and he truly wants to help me as long as I have the will to do the work with him. He is 21 years sober and said to me you are helping me stay sober just as much as I am helping you. I feel that is what the program is to me. Good luck I am proud of you trying to make a positive impact on your life. I also enjoy visiting this sub a few times every day too. I love the collective vibe here. 
One of my biggest challenges has been grappling with the word "alcoholic." ."I'm an alcoholic.".What is an alcoholic?..I made peace with myself by recognizing a couple of things. First the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. I have that. And second I came to believe that I was powerless over alcohol (and a bunch of other things) and my life had become unmanageable. That fit me to a T. It still applies after nine years without a drink. .Please remember that AA is a program of action not a club. People go to meetings to support their program of action. I try not to worry about what the crowd is like on a given day only that I have something to offer someone who is suffering and I am listening for something to help me or give me insight into my condition. .Best of luck. 
Hey! I'm another young person (now I sound like a square...) about to start my AA journey on Tuesday. Your story has given me hope and excitement for the journey to begin...Also- your mum sounds awesome.
I almost went to an aa meeting two days ago but couldn't find the courage to go in. Im a young petite female and it was a large group of old men all going in. Much too intimidating for me. So I left feeling a little deflated and on the way home I watched a young drunk man climb onto a busy motorway in the city centre and he was almost run over by three cars. I had to call the emergency services to come rescue him. It really hit home with me and the dangerous situations id get myself into when drunk. Well done for making it over the door into the meeting and keep going back   
Not to be contrarian but just my experience: I never had a problem referring to myself as an alcoholic. I knew I was one before I was 20 (first drink at 8-9). Still it's one thing to call yourself one and another to really embrace it and act upon it. I was 35 when I first came to AA and have not had to pick up a drink since. I routinely introduce myself as an alcoholic at meetings or drunk or big fucking drunk all of which continue to be true. What I have today is a daily reprieve contingent on using the tools of the program one day at a time and I am grateful for it and for all of you. Be well.
Yeah I really can't go to AA. Makes me want to drink.
It's amazing how age doesn't matter with this disease. I embrace the wisdom from long timers and find it fascinating how some people have been exactly where I am and can share what worked for them. I learn new valuable information from our own SDer's all the time. Priceless!!!!..In my experience I went to several different meetings in different geographic locations and settled on the one I felt most comfortable with. That was where I met my sponsor and proceeded with the steps...On another note I'm thrilled that your Mum flew to be with you and is participating in your recovery!! ..Please keep posting I'd love to hear more about your progress :). 
Thanks for sharing your story..That happens to me all the time although now i don't get the drink craving i just don't know why I'm going to an aa meeting.The key for me that you found too is not giving up when it doesn't fit at first.  I had ro recognize it was me not them. ..Good luck persist and I'm happy to not drink with you today..M.
I felt the same way. Actually the first time I went to an AA meeting I watched the people smoking outside from my car for a while then went home &amp; drank. I went again &amp; had a great time but I stopped. I'm now over a month sober without AA. That being said I don't think there's a catch all way to do things for everyone. You have to find what works for you. If AA doesn't work find something that will! ..The only reason I loved AA was the people. It makes you feel like you're not alone out there there are tons of people out there struggling with the same thing. The community. I just don't go now because I can't due to work load. 
I felt EVERYTHING you felt. Everything. I'm not as young as you but all the people in my first AA mtgs were old timers with about 20 years on me and nearly as many years sober. That said AA does work for me. .I too struggled with the word "alcoholic". I found I did NOT have to say "I'm an alcoholic" when i introduced myself in the early days. I said "hi my name is XX and I don't know what I am". Bc I didn't know what I was. The only think I did know was that when I read/heard the words in the first step: "we were powerless over alcohol- that our lives had become unmanageable" that I felt them. I no longer had control of my drinking it controled me. .I had tried other ways of quitting including SD which helped greatly but I personally needed more. .In my opinion that admission of being an "alcoholic" is not required to go to meetings. All that is required is a willingness to listen. Just go and listen. 
I go to Refuge Recovery meetings and there is no need to identify yourself by anything other than your first name at meetings. I find it much preferable...That being said I'd give AA a chance. Most towns of any decent size have lots of different meetings and you might be able to find one that suits your age group or whatever better. So you can always shop around.
I HATED the word "alcoholic" when I tried to get sober. I wasn't an an alcoholic I had a job home etc.  The reality is I was very much an alcoholic and owning that helped me. ..Regarding AA. I didn't stick with it but my first experiences were a lot like yours. It is amazing that all these people were talking directly to me (they weren't - we just had tons in common). ..Basically - you aren't alone. We've all been down this path and many of us did the exact same things you did. Thought the way you did and screwed up the way you did. ..Welcome. Be proud of your six days. 
Check out [ICYPAA](https://www.icypaa.org/)..Then find the closest YPAA in your area (Young People in AA). It is an absolute fallacy that everyone in AA is old. Get yourself plugged in and start making friends going camping dancing fishing bowling the list goes on. It was amazing for me in my first year of sobriety and many of the friends I made I still have today...Remember that meetings in the long run will not keep you sober. Finding people your age that you can relate to will help you to LIVE sober outside of meetings too. Good luck friend.
I won't drink with you today.  I am 54.  When I was 24 I actually became really close friends with a woman who was 64.  40 years my senior.  I rented a room from her for a few months when I was in transition.  We cooked and played cards and talked.  She was one of the greatest friends I ever had.  She was hilarious and very wise.  Sometimes age difference is not a barrier but a benefit.  I won't drink with you today.  Your Mum sounds like a dream.
I went to AA a few years ago.  I wasn't sure if I was an alcoholic at that point but my boyfriend at the time asked me to go to a meeting.  When it was my turn to introduce myself I was silent for a few seconds and then said "Pass".  I could not say "Hi I'm ......and I'm an alcoholic" it seemed like a lie to me despite the fact that I could relate to everyone that shared their stories that day.  Cracks me up to think about that...  they probably all thought that I was such a snob. ..I think that as long as you surround yourself with people that encourage your desire to not drink you will have a really good chance at succeeding. AA seems to be the best place to find that kind of community.  Also it's great that your mom is on your side! That is important support to have :-)  
