-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6329ya/14_months_intro_post_from_a_lurker/

Hi /r/stopdrinking..I've spent long enough over the past month or so browsing reading people's experiences / doubts / setbacks / discoveries from not drinking that I thought I'd add something myself if only to get it off my chest...Like I mention in the title I'm 14 months sober from alcohol and marijuana. I'd not spent time introducing myself or being a part of this community during since my first focus was quitting weed but eventually (really after 4 separate quit attempts where being without weed led me to ramp up my drinking) I decided to give up drinking also. ..Now that I don't spend time with people who smoke weed it's not hard to set that on the back-burner but given how ubiquitous alcohol consumption (and drunkenness) can be especially here in my age group and geographic setting (20s NYC) I find myself increasingly asking *why* am I still choosing to remain sober over a year in and I've spent a lot of time lately reminding myself...Anyway on the surface of things 2 years ago or so when I was in the middle of everything it wasn't hard to look at what I was doing and chalk it up to a nice care-free lifestyle that I deserved to have. I probably took some measure of pride in not being like all the "hard-driving careerist sad-sacks" around me at work who didn't spend a random week-day evening downing 4-5 drinks alone while making small talk with the bartender about music or life or whatever else (looking back I don't doubt that I was an easy pay-day for him but it's hard to say we ever came close to being "friends.")..I met one or two people along the way one of whom I'm still friends with to this day but not before getting too drunk with him one night and freaking out strenuously denying the possibility that I could harbor special feelings about him (I'm gay and he's not.) In my acute case of booze blues he saved me from spiraling further as we spent the night in games and free-wheeling conversation. I left at around 5am went back to my place literally lay down on my hardwood floor gasping with sobs over my horrible social awkwardness and poorly contained fear of losing people then continued to drink while smoking and surfing the internet. We are still (somehow) friends to this day rather in spite of alcohol than because of it...This is already getting too long I'm afraid. I have to mention the insomnia. I've struggled with insomnia on and off during and after college. Marijuana can be hit-or-miss and alcohol "helped" right up until it didn't anymore. Towards the crisis weekend this looked like me sending myself to bed after consuming both all evening waking up 3-4 hours later then trying to send myself back to bed with 2-3 high-ABV craft beers. This failed about as often as not and the result was invariably me rolling into work with a cab checking my inbox in a daze and waiting for the day to end...The crisis weekend actually took place after I'd successfully spent about a month free from marijuana. It was during a blizzard. A bottle of wine watching YouTube videos alone in my apartment turned into a keen desire to bring my laptop to a nearby bar and drink liquor while I studied coding more to be around folks than anything else. Going to bars for that purpose never did much beyond reminding me how alone I was but this night I was at a different bar and I had nobody to chat up not even the bartender. Closing time approached and (at least 10 drinks in at this time) the bartenders grouchy from having to work during a blizzard teased me about the tip I left then laughed at me for trying to leave through the wrong door. I managed to trip and lose my phone in a snowbank on the way to my apartment. When I realized this I became furious and starting shouting as I kicked apart my studio apartment in snow boots at 3 in the morning. This woke my super who lived next door so he started swearing in Spanish and walking up and down the stairs in pursuit of whoever the noise could have come from. I cowered in my apartment starting on another growler of beer while crying and seeking advice from an acquaintance on Facebook...This is still all really hard to write ... and the batshit crazy part is seeing it all down in words while thinking off in some corner of my mind "that wasn't really *me* doing this stuff. I was the person who did it sure but ... that's not the kind of stuff *I* do." And this is what I struggle to remember 14 months in no longer living from crisis to crisis while seeing others around me in my age group continue to drink socially. I start to wonder what it's all about...I was never a social drinker. When I put everything together I'm an introvert plain as day and I nurtured an impossible hope that drinking would somehow magically fix that. 1 drink in or 5 I never could shed a faint sense of killing the mood spoiling the vibe wherever I happened to be. Watching this dynamic play out while I lived in a historically gay neighborhood that had long since gentrified into a playground for college students and monogamous heterosexual couples added insult to injury. (Nothing wrong with either of course. I'm only referring to the attempt at drinking away the pain of being advertised something through word-of-mouth which turned out to be the opposite of true: a sense of belonging for those outside the norm. This is a whole other essay I guess.)..So I quit. I had zero expectation that I would stumble into a fairy-tale life where a cozy standard of living and a rented apartment in the correct zip code would finally give me the sitcom-worthy lifestyle that would let me know I was 'living my best life' (ugh.) I just wanted to stop suffering: stop sabotaging my own attempts to quit marijuana stop self-medicating insomnia stop spending days and weeks in a sleep-deprived haze complemented by the effects of drug abuse stop trying to magically invent a social life by drinking around people I had little in common with in the first place...In those 14 months other stuff happened instead. My mood has improved and my coping skills make it so that I can have a bad week at work and recognize it for what it was instead of kicking my own ass about it indefinitely. I've been able to totally downsize my lifestyle when I recognized I didn't need or want to live in Manhattan anymore saving on my rent while choosing to assist my parents financially. I've gotten involved in singing socially and I'm getting pretty good. I've even been able to take back up some pursuits like mathematics and musical composition that I'm able to stick with much better...And my insomnia has largely faded away. This is maybe the biggest area where my current state of good health makes it easy to take the present for granted. Without writing yet another essay post various neurochemical field experiments in college during my heavy marijuana use convinced me after a bad trip that sooner or later I would stop sleeping become psychotic and die. Though I have yet to experience an episode of psychosis I knew that I was right at the life-stage where most chronic mental illness starts to emerge. I look back and it's farcical how often I spent talking with a school psychiatrist about the clinical facts on schizophrenia while I couldn't bring myself to cut out the #1 risk factor in my entire lifestyle. ..I'm 26 and I still don't know what to do with my life but I have more things to do with myself in the meantime and I'm getting better at them all the time. Sadness is an element of my inner life now not an unrelenting bass drone behind every thought and activity. And I'm making peace with the fact that yeah I'm a little weird. I can deal with telling jokes that don't always stick and dropping subjects of conversation that others don't care about instead of falling back on booze as a default conversation starter that makes me feel listless and existential once I've had enough...All in all it's been over a year and I'm working on getting cozier with the fact that I don't drink while others do. I'll try to lurk less share as much as I get help check in and respond to others doing the same and give everyone my honest and open support. Day 428 not drinking with you all today. Thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

It's weird right? When you don't drink for long enough that you can't remember why you don't want to drink...That's the main reason I'm on here. To always be reminded why I don't want to drink...I drank on and off from teenager - about 23. Then I quit 100% sober for almost 3 years. I was really happy back then but when a few life changes happened and I was looking for new friends I realized that everyone around me drank and I felt like I deserved it. I had been such a goody two shoes my whole life I just wanted to drink and be real slutty. Like that's actually what I really wanted. So I started again and my entire life suddenly revolved around bars and drinking. To make things worse I had to drink to sleep because I got horrific night terrors. Anyways in my early 30's now and have loathed drinking for about 4 years but still doing it. ..These last 4 months I've been mostly sober. ..Thanks for sharing. I wish you the best. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing your story.  It is very inspiring.  I won't drink with you today.
Thanks for posting nice to have you here!
