-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/632gnm/yet_another_relapse_post/

Getting back into bad old new york habits where I only make it a week before I relapse on a weekend again. ..It's frustrating because I was trying to keep to dry places and it still fell apart. I was at a friend's apartment and they were going out to bars so I left to see another friend who I had planned to just hangout with at her place and watch a movie. Right after I get there she told me that there are people coming over and that they're gonna go out so I said I'd just hang with them at her apartment and then go home when they went to bars. ..I guess I just felt super uncomfortable with all these people I didn't know. In hindsight I should have just left. Once again nothing terrible happened but I spent a fuck ton of money hurt my leg and ate a ton of shit. I just really don't want to waste my weekends anymore and feel frustrated with myself...The pain of feeling left out on a Friday or Saturday night is not nearly as bad as feeling unproductive and unhealthy.
----------immediate responses--------

So that is what you did.  Now what are you going to do?
I didn't know how to build a sober life without help. On weekends I went to lots of AA meetings because they filled empty time and I met others who wanted to be sober. 
I found that staying dry was futile without finding another source of sustaince i was doomed 
Don't worry.  You're making progress and are willing to stay sober today.  It took me years to admit I couldn't do it alone.  In early recovery I stayed away from friends and anywhere there was alcohol.  
I spend most of my time with my poodle.  I never feel pain being alone for the day or night or week or month.  I have a little bit of pain of not having a partner.  I think the cause of that is that I was more interested in wine than meeting people to find a partner.   Do you have any interests or hobbies?  I won't drink with you today.
Just pick up the pieces and move forward. Learn from your mistakes and just do the next right thing. It's what we have to do when a relapse happens otherwise we'd be driven absolutely crazy! As a chronic relapser myself I struggle with making it my identity and have to  remind myself daily that it's what I did not what I do.  I just had another one myself. I was in residential treatment with 8 days sober. I let my anxiety take the reign and packed up my stuff and left. I'm hoping they will let me back because I know that it's where I need to be. I actually waited until after I left the center before getting loaded instead of doing it there I think that's progress. Keep a positive attitude! 
