-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/633l20/i_doodled_what_having_an_alcoholic_brain_feels/

About a year ago I started realizing how different my brain is with alcohol than the brains of those I know who don't struggle with drinking...At the time I was doodling a bit and [this is the result](http://www.drawinghard.com/fuck-you-brian/). Thought some of you all might be able to relate...Edit: 'F' word warning for the sensitives out there...Sorry for the blog link. (If anyone can tell me how to easily upload this to Imgur or someplace more liked I'm open to it.) 
----------immediate responses--------

This is great work!  You captured the struggle and I like the drawing a lot. 
Fuck you Brian!  I like it. :)
This is great! 
Nice!  I like what you've done here.  Fuck Brian indeed!
you are REALLY talented! ..Brian's a total dickwad.
Wow that's really good. Thank you for sharing. Saved.
Fuck you Brian. I'm not drinking today. Take that. 
I so relate to this thankyou   
*Brian's best buds are worry and anxiety*.......*And because life just keeps on happening there's an unending train of material for anxiety to chug in on choking me and erasing my strength.*.....* You know how to feel less about these things  Brian says with a wink.* ..This brilliantly portrayed the background behind all of relapses and a massive part of my reason for drinking in the first place. It's good to see it illustrated to well and to know others follow that similar pattern. Loved it!
You managed to say all the things I was afraid of admitting all these years of drinking away my problems. It's crazy how Brian can do this so well fuck Brian. 
Haha I like this and it captures those thoughts to a tee!
This speaks to me. Fuck Brian. Thanks for drawing this really well done!
This was excellent. Thank you 
&lt;3
love it.
Eat a bag of dicks Brian!..Great post.
This is great work. Thanks for the post. Yeah and fuck you too Brian!
Excellent.  Fuck you Brian.
My Brian is astonishingly similar to yours. Fuck him too. Great illustration!
[removed]
"and you won't know anyone at the BBQ this weekend!" hahaha I hear that. Quitting alcohol is how I discovered that you can be a confident chatty extrovert with social anxiety (!?)
Brian is the fucking worst. ..Loved your story. I hope you're making progress on getting Brian to calm down. 
Great work. I identify with almost every word. Thanks for sharing.
This was so awesome. Thank you so much. Excellent art and story. 
This is really impressive artful and meaningful.  It seems like you have some real artistic talent and you have the ability to put into words what some might find more difficult.  That is a really great attribute.  You should feel proud and continue working.
Wow fantastic!
"But even worse than that is when my brain checks out and my body continues on without it. My body moves walks and talks almost like it should but no one is inside of it who cares."..Holy shit man. That got me. This is great work. I hate my Brian.
Dude nailed it. I just quit on Saturday and didn't a good time painting how I felt after a discussion with my wife about how I am when I drink. I can post it if anyone would like. ..I'm new here and already excited to know there are others who think and feel like I do and can help me through this. Thank you all!
Genius!
Brian is an asshat!!! Love your work!!! One day at a time.
Wow pretty accurate!
This way too accurate I started laughing 
Great work. I wish Brian would just leave us the fuck alone he sucks. GTFO Brian!
Little victories. Just one day at a time. 
Yeah that's genius. Pained me to read it because I can relate but really good.
Haha. I can't reall6 say " fucking you Brian" because that's my boyfriend's name and he is 5 years sober and usually has good advice.
Wow. That was really good. Fuck u Brian. X
I want to upvote til my thumb bleeds 
Man this is awesome. You nailed it!
That is one of the best posts I have read on here.  Painfully accurate and a superb account of the daily battle we all face(d)...Love it.
