-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/637yas/one_week_on_the_books_the_habit_is_hard_to_break/

First and foremost... A huge thanks to tgose of you who frequent here.  Last week was rough especially Friday and Saturday. It felt good to have a place to vent.  Anyway here goes.....The good -..- I have more energy *all day* than I've had in 10 years.  .- Clarity. I'm more reasonable. I think quicker and react more appropriately to stressors..- I no longer wake up in a fog. .- Apathy about work and life is fading. Things aren't as 'pointless' as they were..- The quality time with my son holy shit the quality time.   ..The struggle -..- Currently sitting in an airport waiting on my flight.  Week ago me would be sitting at the bar slamming a few to crush the flying anxiety.  I really want to do that. .- The boredom is real. Ugh so much free time. .- I wake up and go to bed with that nagging 'when do I get to drink' feeling. Its super annoying and makes me realize just how much I based my life around booze.  .- Hanging out with friends is tough.  They all drink... Including my wife who is very supportive of my efforts even though she's not quitting..- That ever present 'I can just handle a few' is still looming and I'm constantly having to say no to myself...On the bright side I've set my self up a piggy bank.  I'm paying myself $25 a week (half my drinking budget of 2 handles of vodka a week + mixers) that I go sober.  Once it accumulates I get to spend it on whatever I damn well please...Anyway thanks SD.  I can't wait to see where I am at 30 days.  Thanks for listening.  I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

The piggy bank idea is a great one! congrats on making it through the weekend
Good job man! That piggy bank idea is awesome. I'm going to do that as well!..It's nice to hear what I have to look forward to at the end of my first week also. 
I've heard other people have an app that adds up your savings daily.  I don't have it though.  I won't drink with you today.
I absolutely feel you on the airport bar issue. In January I took my first flight without alcohol in at least 10 years. It was so weird. I even had favorite bars at different airports. My go to was a large beer and Jameson. As you can see by my days count the sobriety didn't last and I've ended up pretty soused a couple times talking to strangers waiting for flights. My boyfriend also drinks as do all my friends and family and the boredom and that urge are ever present. But we got this! Next time I fly I plan to do something useful like read the book I always bring but never crack open :)..Not drinking with you today!
I feel you on the flying.  I hate flying; any time there's turbulence I want a drink so bad.  I went to my doctor and got a prescription for an anti-anxiety when I fly because I was afraid just having to white knuckle through the fear was going to be a problem...Boredom was a killer for me too.  I started 'scheduling' hobbies during my free time because I knew if I just sat around I'd start drinking.  It was weird but I got to like some of them better than others and gave me something to look forward to.  That in turn started me looking forward to something that wasn't booze...Congratulations on one week; that's huge!  I won't drink with you today!
I love the piggy bank idea! I've been more free with my money since I have more of it but having it free and clear fun money what an awesome idea!
