-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63e8wb/time_to_own_up_to_my_relapse/

I need a badge reset but I made it 16 days. My longest streak in years was 17 days. I felt like I was doing so well too. I was loving being sober eating healthier and exercising. Then 4pm roled around it was sunny and me and and the family were at a park.  I had a thought that the old me would be gearing up for the 5 o'clock drink. I soon became absolutely consumed by the thought totally didn't care that if I made it to tomorrow I would have hit my record!..I ended up getting so blasted! I had no limit like I was making up for lost time. Then I was so hungover Sunday that I had a drink at 4 to just feel normal. We all know that was another day drinking stupid amounts. Monday woke up hungover and ended up stress eating all day through my anxiety and drinks in the evening. ..I am writing this to acknowledge my slip up and to help move past it. So I drank 3 days totally not worth it at all. I want my sober life back. I will not let this binge turn into a one month blur. It is going to be a long day but I will not drink with you today...Thanks for listening SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Isn't it crazy how a beautiful sunny day can be a trigger for relapse? Here's to not drinking today.
Thank you for sharing
I frequently think of drinking and one of my tools is to play that thought forward - it never ends up good. Congrats on 16. Glad you are here and still at it!!!!
today it's 3 years since I went out. I've been struggling to get my sober life back without much success to date. I won't give up!  .
You made it back. I won't drink with you today!
Sunny days are a trigger for me too it's weird. Beautiful day outside? Oh yeah let's sit out on the porch with some beers. Doesn't that sound like a nice way to kill an afternoon? But it's never just one beer.....Always better to just notice it's a beautiful day and not need anything else to happen for it to be good. It's just good the way it is.
