-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63esq2/first_day_of_giving_up/

So basically I'm 38 year old female been binge drinking in my twenties and thirties which has led to a gambling addiction losing me around  30000. I have since got help for that and am not gambling most of the time until alcohol leads me to a relapse. This happened on Sunday it was only  500 but this cycle of abuse finished up with me hanging off the ledge of a 15 storey car park and only not dying because of the quick thinking of police officers who snuck up and grabbed me off the edge...So....now I've been released from hospital it's time to say enough is enough. None of my suicide attempts or gambling has ever happened sober so it's pretty obvious what needs to go. I'm not able to cut down it has to be all or nothing so hopefully this is the start of a new way of life. It's going to be extremely hard but hopefully with the support of others I can do it. The alternative doesn't bear thinking about. I have a good job good friends and am sure that cutting alcohol from my life will enrich me and encourage me to commit to some other hobbies I enjoy doing and build up my confidence again. I do feel scared though scared in it strong enough to beat it but there's plenty of help out there and finding this forum is a positive start. Just take it a day at a time :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank god the cop was there to grab you.  It is ok to be scared.  You have a lot of support here.  Think of it this way:  You have been given the second chance at life by a nice cop.  It can be great.  You can earn more money.  I won't drink with you today.
Hey you can do this...I got sober when I was 38 and I had a HUGE gambling problem just like you. I started out getting divorved when I was 36 and had over $17000 in the bank after we split our assets and zero in credit card debt...By the spring on 2015 I had racked up $38000 in CC debt plus I had 0 in savings. I had gained 30 pounds and had tried killing myself at least one time that I remember. ..On the night of May 20th 2015 I was at my neighborhood bar picked my head up from my 12 drink of the night looked around and said 'this is fucking stupid'..I went home right after that and decided to get sober. I went 91 days then had a relapse but I got back on after I realized I could not moderate...What I learned about the gambling when I don;t drink I have ZERO urges to gamble. I don't even think about it. During the 1st 91 days I had zero urges. When I drank again during that relapse I gambled several times going to a shitty bar with machines and taking out the daily limit on my ATM...Right now I am re-married have a family now and am the happiest I  have ever been in my entire life. Remember a little over 2 years ago I was suicidal $40000 in debt (Ohh yeah I owed the IRS and state over $7000 in back taxes!!!) and drinking 2 bottle of wine plus several triple pours of whisky every. single. night...It is possible to get sober and turn your life around. Whe I started this journey I never thought I could live a life without booze. And OMG how wrong I was. ..The 1st few weeks are the hardest. You kneed a plan for your triggers. Cause you will have plenty of them. Have a plan. Go for a walk during your trigger times for me it was 4-6pm every day the 1st month (They went away after that) Also do not go anywhere near where they have gambling machines...I took up reading I took up healthy cooking. I would make ridiculous hard meals because they would take 2 hours to prep...Also I started posting and reading here...I believe in you you can do it!..
Thank you for not drinking. I appreciate that. I was actually angry at the cop that saved me at the time but now I think I'll send a card to them to thank them for saving me. Was dangerous as was teetering on edge but the right decision as think I would have done it sadly 
Everything you are saying about the gambling rings totally true to me. It will only take a couple of drinks then the thoughts come again and I'm at that stage of gambling now that I can never win I'm only playing to win the money to play (roulette I just want to see that wheel spin!) take the drink out of the equation and I'm 99% sure I will have no more issues. It's taken me so long to admit to this I have been told on many occasions I have alcohol issues but I refused to give it up till now and you will never succeed at doing something unless you really want it and I do now...Thanks for everyone's support. Think I will start a blog to log my daily diary and see how far I've come a year down the line. I'm determined to not fail. I have requested callback from wellbeing centre in my area and will visit GP tomorrow. If I can do it anyone can you just have to hit rock bottom before you can climb up again :) 
You got this. I thought it would be incredibly hard too I struggled for a while.. took short breaks.. thought I was doing  good but I was just kidding myself...Today I'm two weeks shy of a year of sobriety. It gets easier with time.
Alcohol is a trigger for me to use drugs; something I would never do sober. Alcohol- I feel- is the real gateway drug. You aren't alone. Glad you are alive. I won't drink with you today. 
I actually read a book last night for the first time in ages forgotten how enjoyable that could be. It's the little things you forget to appreciate:)
Alcohol leads me to drugs too after a few drinks I always think it's a good idea and then I lose days of sleep and get depressed. It's all a vicious cycle and it all stems from alcohol I actually am starting to hate alcohol now. 
