-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63fjz1/starting_over/

Good morning..I will try to make a long story as short as possible Oct 17 2015 was the date of my motorcycle accident as well as the day I decided to sober up I've tried to get sober once before but this time was different but not in a good way...I was not proud of my sobriety this time around I was bitter I despised the fact that I couldn't drink anymore. I knew I was headed for a wall by not having anything to be proud of. ..I hit that wall I relapsed. I decided that doing this alone just is not going to happen i started attending AA I have not started working any steps I have only been 3 times. ..I restarted my sobriety clock March 27 2017 and while I see some benefit to AA and I feel for some of the people that have shared their stories I don't quite feel like I belong. Most of the stories that are shared are people that were dealt a shit hand in life from the start hit rock bottom lost their kids to cps worked shit jobs all their life...Don't get me wrong alcohol has had its negative impact on my life 3 dui's in now with plenty of embarrassing and cringeworthy moments that stick with me...I grew up in a middle class society and have had a good career a wife 2 children.  Alcohol has not gotten in the way of those things but as anyone here knows that does not mean I am not an alcoholic perhaps a bit more functioning than some but there is still that level of dysfunction that tends to plague every alcoholic...Behind the scenes life is not peachy It has finally gotten to the point that my wife is done dealing with the repricussions my dui's bring financial woes and everything else that comes with a dui. I face losing my wife and children which I can tell you now would leave me devestated but in all honesty will not stop this disease. When that craving hits I know I will find a justification to drink I have never much been a closet drinker and I don't want to head down that slippery slope now....So here I am holding myself accountable and sharing my story with like-minded people I will continue with AA and try to be active on this subreddit. I have a week and a day of sobriety I cannot promise to stay sober for a lifetime or even a month but for today I will not drink...Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Staying active on this sub keeps me sober. I don't do AA but I would if nothing else was working...Stay strong! Life is better sober.
[removed]
I understand the issue with AA.  I had people jokingly ask me if I wrecked my car on the way there and calling me out on a Tiki Bar shirt I was wearing (from Target).  I guess everyone is on a different journey and that's how you have to look at it.  I will not drink with you today. :) 
Congratulations on taking action steps.  I won't drink with you today.  
