-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63it0p/the_boredom/

I've posted here a few times. I've made no commitment yet but I'm trying and exploring. I have another question. One of there reasons alcohol is appealing is due to boredom. How do you manage the boredom? Every single day is a struggle yet I'm also so bored. I imagine two full days of not working- what will I do? Other than sleep. And how will I sleep if I don't have alcohol? I'm guessing this is a mindset to a degree but I am curious if there are other experiences on how to look at this differently. ...
----------immediate responses--------

[bored?](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_i.27m_bored.)
I get the boredom thing. Hit me the first day the hardest so I cleaned house a little and watched tv. After that I've been reminding myself of all the things I wasn't doing because I was drinking or had no money because of alcohol. Boredom is a mindset. I would rather be hiking than nursing a hangover. I would rather be doing homework than drinking because I know I will be stressed tomorrow because of the homework I didn't do. I would rather go to work and be on my game all (well most) of the day instead of needing a nap by 10 AM. Just gotta decide what's important. 
Get a plan.  There are literally hundreds of things you can do.  I won't drink with you today.
I used to keep a potted orchid. I now have 11 of them. My aquarium is gorgeous-- well pruned plants happy fishes clean glass. I like having inexpensive home-based hobbies that are relaxing. They give me something to do without having to go out that's also soothing. Maybe try getting a plant or coloring book or maybe take up sewing tinkering in the workshop or puzzles. On the weekends I like to do more "get out of the house" stuff like riding my bike going to the park or seeing the city but during the week I like having something to do for an hour or so that keeps my hands and mind busy that I can do at home. 
