-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63jwhe/6_months_26_weeks_sober_yesterday/

Hi guys and gals..Just wanted to share my achievement so far. I couldn't even dream this six months ago so I'm pretty effin' proud of myself. ..Lots of people here know how not drinking doesn't solve all the problems but it gives us the possibility and tools to start solving them. And of course they are right. I've been struggling with depression and anxiety for a long time and I still do but I have more good days now than in a long long time. Finances are looking so much better and I have even lost 20 - 25 lbs. So things are definitely looking better. There's still a lot to work on but one day at a time is how I roll...I used to be afraid of my life without alcohol partly because I was afraid that then I would have to struggle through all the problems I had escaped by drinking for a long time. And as mentioned before it is something often said here on SD. But for me it has been more like starting a great new game for PS4 and even though I know I will struggle and I have to solve a lot of problems and missions before the game is over it is still fun and enjoyable even if it frustrates every now and then. I hope you get what I mean. ..I've been here on SD almost every day lurking and it has been a huge part of my recovery. Couldn't have done it without all of you beautiful people. Not drinking today with all of you !..PS: Not a native english speaker so sorry about bad language. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow so proud of you keep up the good work and I will not drink with you today but I will have a cranberry and soda with lime  
Your language is just fine! We are in the same Sober Class! i just reached 6 months sober last Thursday. Everything is different huh? I love it. This is better. Some days I still struggle but not nearly as much as when I was drinking...
Your English sounds great to me &amp; I loved what you wrote. Congrats on 6 months! Seems like a lifetime to me here starting Day 4! I won't drink with you today!
6 months sounds like a lifetime to me.  You are doing great!!
Your English is perfect.  I like this: Less pounds and more money.  That is my goal too.  I won't drink with you today.  Oh and I have about 5 other hobbies training learning I want to finally invest time in now that I'm not sitting on the couch wasting time on the internet.  I won't drink with you today.  Thanks for sharing your great news it is inspiring to me.
