-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63kq6e/its_not_even_7am_est_just_found_out_my_father/

Every fiber of my being is just waiting for the corner store to open to grab something to drink. ..What do I do? How do the Vets of the sub deal with this kind of news?
----------immediate responses--------

Oh I am so soooo sorry. Drinking isn't going to help the situation though. Hang strong and honor him by being completely present at this moment......I will be here and I won't drink with you......
I hope you're okay It will only make it worse if you have a drink and you're way stronger than that. I'm sorry to hear about your father and I send all my good thoughts your way. 
Sorry to hear about your Dad. I am not a Veteran of the sub but I will not drink with you today. Try to stay strong and reach out for enough support to get you through during this very difficult time. 
Sorry to hear of his passing.  Condolences to you and your family...What helps me is remembering that others will be hurting and grieving.  I am better able to honor the deceased and be available fir others if I'm sober.  Woukd your Dad be proud of you if you're sober for all the necessary things that need to be done?  Will others see your choices as ones that honor and respect his memories and his life or as something else?  ..I'm better able to help others if I'm sober.
I'm so so sorry for your loss. I can understand the pull to go back to it. But this isn't about days resetting a badge or any of that. I believe the best way to honor your father is to be your best self. And the drinks might numb the grief for now. But the thing about grief is it ALWAYS finds its way back. thoughts &amp; prayers are with you today for sure...
I doubt 6 months sober makes me a veteran of the sub but I am no stranger to the Grief process. Drinking is not gonna help you one little bit. It's going to in fact delay and prolong your Grief. No father would want that for an adult child grieving his loss. BE there for yourself &amp; your family. You can do it. We will be here for you. 
Deepest condolences friend. The day I lost my father was one of the hardest. I will join you in not drinking today. 
I am so very sorry. I can't imagine what you must be feeling right now. Sending prayers your way.
I'm so sorry for your loss. As for drinking sometimes when something horrible happens and I want to drink I visualize what the end result will be--me waking hungover and embarrassed with the horrible thing still having happened. Drinking won't help. It will make it even worse. I am sending you good thoughts. Stay strong.
I'm not a vet but I'm really sorry to hear about your dad. Thoughts and prayers coming your way.
I'm so sorry to hear that news :( . Death in the family is always tough. For me not drinking was the only way I could be there and help everyone out. I'd feel better by helping by talking about it with people who understand and just by doing what I normally do except focusing more on it. I hope you can find some peace as you get through this. Thanks for writing and good luck we are always here 
I'm so sorry for your loss you and your family are in my thoughts. 
You have all our sympathy for your loss but you won't have it for choosing to drink. You know the consequences of drinking right? As so many have suggested choose to honour your father by staying sober and helping the others in your family. In fact I'd say the most important thing to do is NOT BE ALONE - gather together with your family or your friends or even your father's friends share some stories laugh weep and embrace each other. You'll feel better than if you drink. 
When my father died I realized that I will be needed by many now and they need to know that I am fully there to support them.  I also wanted to be able to remember every moment of this day and fully live the many experiences.  I did not want it to be a "black out day" like so many other days of my life were.  I owed this to my Mom my siblings everyone.  Especially to the memory of my Dad.
"What helps me is remembering that others will be hurting and grieving. I am better able to honor the deceased and be available for others if I'm sober" This was also my thought. Breath and take in 1 minute at a time.
I am so sorry to hear of your loss. I was pregnant when my little brother died tragically in an accident at 18 so drinking was not an option. In hindsight I am glad I was because I could be fully present for everything. It is not going to be easy but it will not be easier with alcohol. You will just be delaying and suppressing your grief. Let yourself feel all the feels. Take it one minute hour and day at a time. You can get through this.
Thank you ask for the kind words. I'll try my hardest to not drink with each of you.
I am praying for your family and for your strength in the coming days and weeks.
Not a vet and can totally understand why you would be tempted. Hell I was tempted last night because of a bit of social anxiety...Kind of echoing other people but from my perspective (speaking from "I") I know that my best self my most needed self at a time of crisis- that self is sober. ..However I also know what's it's like to feel like you're putting other people before yourself before your own pain and it can be hard to handle without the right place to vent. So if you ever need to talk to someone or just vent about the shitty situation you're in- please post on here. Someone will always listen...Thinking of you and your family. And I will not drink today.
I am so sorry. It absolutely sucks when a beloved parent dies; there is no way around that. ..All I can say is that drinking won't make it better. When my dad died two years ago I was with him but I'd been drinking and wasn't as fully present as I could have been. It's one of my greatest regrets. I owed it to myself and to others around me to be as fully present as I could be with the sadness with the process with the memories etc. ..Sending you and your family much love and energy during this time. I raise my cup of coffee to you and toast your dad's impact on your life. Blessings on your journey.  I also won't drink with you today. 
I'm sorry OP. .Just try and keep it squared away for the day. .I will not drink with you OP. 
I am so so sorry for your loss.  Drinking will make it worse!  Just focus on getting through today without drinking!
So very sorry for your loss. Being present is an incredible gift you can give to your family by not drinking. I've made it through several really tough times of late and have been so proud of the fact that I was able to be present and help others and in doing so helped myself. Stay strong and know that there are thousands of people here for you!!!
I'm sorry baby. But just think drinking makes everything worse. You've made it this far! Like some others mentioned do it in honor of your dad and not drink. You'll be able to help take care of whatever you may need to get done and maybe be strong for others..    I wish I could do more friend. My heart goes out to you. And I will not drink with you!
Number one priority: do not be alone. Experiencing a close death especially to someone super important in your life is not easy. Everyone goes through the stages of grief on a different time line. Some people need to take time off work some people need to work to keep focused some people need to go for long walks some people need to bury their face into a pillow crying and screaming some people will bury their emotions and drown it out through addictive behaviors. I don't know what your path forward is but as someone with crippling social anxiety I can honestly tell you from my experience: try to always be near another person. As a soldier trying to stay sober I went through multiple KIA's and suicides. Shit was never easy. The best thing I did in those situations was to just be to feel those emotions and memories and stay close to another friend. I rarely talked in those situations I don't like talking when I could get hit with bouts of heavy crying. However people just know. I don't remember what they said or did but they were there and that's what matters.  .  .I will not drink today. If that is too difficult for me to swallow I will not drink this hour. 
My condolences.  I can only share my experience.  My father died on January 15 of this year.  At that time I was still bingeing.  I got drunk after I heard instead of spending time grieving with my family.  Guess what?  The next morning I had a hangover completely with the shakes and heaves and it didn't change a thing.  Now not only did I have the grief to deal with but also the shame of yet another relapse.  ..Stay strong and I won't be drinking with you today.  
First thing - knowing that a drink is not going to help anything.  period.  ..Second having gone through the deaths of both of my parents sober I can tell you being sober is a gift.  I was able to be present for my mother when my father died.  I was able to be present for my kids when their grandmother died.  I was able to not add to drama.  I was able to understand that grief comes in waves - and that it is a feeling and to just ride it out...
I'm not a vet but feeling your emotions deeply when losing a loved one is crucial. Not drinking.   Honor his memory by thinking of only the good things about him.   So sorry for your loss.   My only pro tip with grief is to feel it and not stuff it down.  Share it with your other loved ones too.  
I'm sorry about your Dad. :(..Drinking won't help anything. Stay strong. 
Sorry for your loss. Now is the time to be fully present and alcohol won't help.
I can't imagine what you must be going through. I have nothing useful to say except that this internet stranger is thinking about you and your father and praying for peace for you both.
First my condolences.  I'm really sorry to hear that.  It's easy-ish for me to offer advice b/c I'm not going through the pain of a loss but that's also part of why I can offer this advice with a clear head:..Even though you're craving it drinking is going to make it worse.  This is an opportunity to practice completely feeling all of your emotions and witnessing your thoughts as you move through this process.  As painful as it is this is an opportunity for self-healing and getting deeper in touch with yourself and what makes you tick as a human and a soul.  Staying sober through the process will yield rewards in the long-term...Whether or not you choose to drink I support you and I hope you take care of yourself and are okay during this.
I am so sorry. This has got to be incredibly painful. ..I am not a vet but in my short 92 days that I have in recovery I have been through some pretty stressful situations. The unfortunate truth is that drinking may numb you for a bit but those feelings that you are trying to run from will be there waiting until you deal with them. You have to go through them to heal. Drinking now would only mean delaying the inevitable. ..I started doing a list recently. One column is what I expected alcohol to do for me and the other was what it actually did for me. For example I might think that a glass of wine might help me calm down but in reality it's magnifies my emotions and makes me more reactive. It has helped me see alcohol as it really is rather than the fantasy/glorified version that my brain tricks me with. ..I hope some of this helps you. I'm not drinking with you today.
No situation is so bad that it can't be made worse when adding alcohol 
I'm sorry to here about that that's rough...I might come off as a bit harsh but whatever might give you some perspective so I apologize in advance; How the hell is drinking gunna help in the end? Yeah you might forget about it for a while or not you could get more depressed about it. Then you'll be back to the same asshole you used to be your family will probably be extremely disappointed in you and you'll be doing nothing to help yourself. Could go further perhaps you lose a job your family disowns you your friends turn away from you or worse: you die yourself or have a nice visit to the ER  (those are super fun let me tell you and when I got there they didn't even have to pump my stomach or anything sobered up enough when I got there. And it still fucked sucked). All because you didn't believe you could handle your father passing... It's rough for everyone man and the vast majority of people can handle it. It's sad and upsetting but people can get through it and you are no exception.
Don't let the grief drive u to drink. The only thing that will come out of u picking up the bottle is more uncontrollable grief and regret. You're strong. You can do this. One hour at a time. 
You can do it. I'm sorry for your loss. 
Oh hun I'm so sorry. I can't even imagine. Death is hard. Here's the thing though drinking might temporarily numb your pain but you're just going to wake up feeling so much worse than you do. Play the tape forward... So you get drunk have a few hours where it maybe doesn't hurt as bad (And honestly I find that when I'm sad and start drinking I usually end up crying harder and for longer than I would if I had done something healthy for myself like yoga or calling a friend) and then you wake up feeling physically shitty (Which also makes it harder to deal with emotional pain) tired and full of regret for breaking your hard earned 51 days. On top of that if you're like most of us relapsing often leads to thoughts like "See I can't do it. I'm always going to end up back here. Might as well drink more before I quit again." And like others have said it only prolongs the grieving process. You can't go around your feelings you have to work through them. Sober with a clear mind. You've got this girl everything is temporary and that includes feelings. Sending love. 
I'm so sorry for your pain and loss. My thoughts are with you. And it's true drinking will only make everything worse. Hang in there.
In times like those and I have had many I tell myself that nothing in that bottle makes be a better person and nothing inside that bottle will allow me to handle things better. And it won't take away any pain it will only delay it and then it will throw in some regret self-hatred and remorse. If I take a sip the bottle always wins. Never me. Sorry for your loss and I really hope things get better. 
Pick up the phone and call people who love you.
I was 6 weeks sober when my mom passed away. Ended up staying sober another 3.5 years. You can get through it buddy!
I know the feeling. My father died exactly one month ago...I've been drinking more than usual over the past month. It's heightened my sadness made me more irritable made me regret having those drinks in the first place. ..Be the rock. Stay in control. I know I owe that to my wife my kids my siblings and my widowed mother. I will not drink with you today.
I have lost loved ones during sobriety and although it is painful I found being sober made me more useful. ..I was able to help - with food arrangements hostessing.  .There was a lot of be done and because I was sober I was more of an asset than  one of the people that was creating more problems. ..I am so sorry about your dad.  My thoughts are with you his friends and your family.    .
I'm so sorry to hear this. I can't imagine how you're feeling. You have so much support here. Stay online reach out talk to people share your struggle and desire to drink. Whatever you do don't grab that bottle. You know it will just make you feel even worse and I'm sure your Dad would be so proud of you for staying strong. We are here for you. Again I am so sorry. My deepest condolences to you and your family. 
Sorry for your loss but I promise you drinking won't bring him back. And if you drink how will you manage to handle all the things that go with a death. ...My grandfather died a bit ago and I was told I wasn't allowed to come to the funeral. No one would tell me where he was having the funeral. And this guy raised me. He was my defacto father. He's the one that taught me how to ride a bike and questioned my first date. ..I didn't drink then. It wouldn't have changed my family from assholes to saints. It wouldn't have fixed the issues of what happened that made me and my other family members have a rift and it wouldn't have brought him back. ..I made a meeting and told my new dad figures how I felt. And their advice and concern for me helped me get thru it. ..I promise you if my wack ass could get thru that you can get thru this. ..I'll be here for you. But most importantly try and make a meeting or meet up with a sober friend. 
My deepest condolences for your loss. For me whenever I am dealing with something big and I haven't dealt with something as big as a death of a parent but I have gone through a death of a friend I gravitate between taking time for myself and leaning on support. Even if that means having someone over watching TV while I'm sleeping if that means I'm sober that helps me. Please keep posting and let us know how you're doing.
My condolences.  
My sister's father died in the last 24 hours also. I went to my favourite bar but stayed sober. I can't give real advice. I just want to tell you I'm sorry and that you can do this.
I'm not a veteran of this sub but I had a similar call early one morning nearly 3 years ago (4/24 will be the 3 year anniversary).  It was the worst day of my life.  You need to be the rock for your family at this point the one who can stay focused and lead as there is going to be a lot to do and a lot of emotion and a lot of questions with no right or wrong answers.  The next few days are going to be very intense and difficult and drinking is not going to make things any easier nor will it bring any clarity to things.  Stay strong be there for your family and stay clear headed.  You can do this.
So sorry. Never any fun. ..Hit a meeting call your sponsor work the phone list of sober people...One thing I have found is that when I am really struggling working a volunteer shift at the local AA hotline will work wonders to get me out of my head...You do not have to drink to get through this and get through this you will. Whether you get through it Sober or drunk is your decision...For me? it is always far easier to deal with things with a clear head. Could be it is only because the alcohol does not solve anything only delays it very temporarily and brings new problems to deal with at the same time...Much easier for me to handle problems one at a time.
Find something to do. Get out of the house. Call out of work (if you're able to take a day off) and go to the movies good play a round of golf - do something that will make you happy. I've never dealt with the death of my dad but I've buried a lot of friends (almost as many as much age) and trying to avoid dealing with your feelings is perfectly OK (for now). You can choose to avoid these feelings of grief any number of ways  but if you drink you're removing your choice in the matter. When you're sober you can choose to feel any number of ways and all these different feelings are 100% normal and OK. If you drink you're removing your ability to choose - you will be a victim to the whims of your addiction and there's no telling where this next drunk will take you. ..Just don't drink today. Don't worry about tomorrow just deal with today. Be your best self so you can honor your dad and be there for all the others that need YOU (sober you). Help out another family member who's grieving too (aunts uncles siblings...). It takes a long night time and you'll never stop missing your dad and that's OK. But for today let his death serve as a checkpoint in your sobriety / life maturation. Honor his life by living yours to the fullest and for people like you and me we're the shitty versions of ourselves when we drink. I might be fine today or tomorrow but eventually that "one drink" is going to break me and send me into a downward spiral (one that I might not emerge from this time). You can walk through this without drinking and you'll be a better person tomorrow by take care of yourself today.
Beautiful friend of mine died recently and I cried a lot.  I let myself grieve and took a few days off to reflect and be sad.  I went through a lot of emotions and I didn't think to drink because I didn't need to.  I was letting myself be sad and recognized it's ok to feel that way.  I coped with the situation in a healthy way as opposed to suppressing it.  Sadness doesn't have to be locked away.  Set it free and you'll be free.  Take care of yourself.
as cliche as this sounds what would your dad want for you? Certainly not to have you break your sobriety. Good luck and I am sorry for your loss. 
I am wishing you strength and will be thinking of you today. I can't imagine your pain. I have no advice am not a vet. Just know when you come here you are not alone.
I drank through my father's death and through the entire grieving process. It was 1000% harder for me and everyone around me. You can do this. Stay sober and strong for yourself and those around you. I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending lots of love your way. 
Sorry for your loss. Keep posting. Take care today.
I'm sorry.   Shit like that can really knock the wind out of you...When my Mom died i was a drunken mess.  I dealt with it by drinking and in hindsight  my family could've benefited a lot from me being having my shit together. ..
I'm Sorry for your loss.Thinking of you tonight while sipping La Croix. I won't drink with you today.
I'm very sorry for your loss. I will not drink with you today. 
Sorry to hear your struggle. Stay strong. I am praying for you on this end.
I am so sorry. ..Try to think about the amplification effect of alcohol. Now is not a time to have that messing with your emotions. ..As hard as this is you will want to look back on this time with clarity. ..Again I'm sorry. Stay strong. 
Stay strong! So sorry to hear this though. I'm getting to a similar point in life and this is brutal. But you will survive. Your father wouldn't want you to feel bad or be sad or give up on your sobriety. Renember that. Remember his love and tge lessons he taught you. You will survive even this.
I am so sorry to hear of your loss and cannot fathom what you are experiencing. ..Don't let alcohol rob you of the right to feel pain. I know it sounds backwards since alcohol is often used as a coping/numbing mechanism but you have the chance here to go through this life experience with a clear mind instead of hindering your actions through a fog of booze. ..You have the right to grieve your loss properly. Don't give that right away. ..I am so so sorry. I will not drink with you today and am sending positive energy/prayers/thoughts your way. 
I'm so so sorry for your loss. ..My dad died unexpectedly many years before I quit drinking. My mother on the other hand died recently after a long and terrible battle with dementia...When my dad died drinking was my go-to coping mechanism. Unfortunately drinking is not really coping and drunken tears do not truly process grief. As a consequence I found that I had to go through a delayed grief process after I quit drinking (over a decade after my father's death) and deal with the guilt of not truly having been present for my mother at one of the most difficult times of her life...I was fully present at her death though. I took care of her in her final years I was her advocate and I held her in my arms during her final hours. I did right by her and am proud of that as sad as I still am about her death and especially the way it happened...I hope that you give yourself the gift of truly grieving.  
