-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63nlqt/i_clearly_feel_better_and_simply_am_a_better/

Apologize in advance if this is just a shitpost where I'm essentially rambling to myself but I needed to get it out there...*At it's core does anybody else relate to this feeling - and furthermore find it completely insane?*..I'm a 37 year old man.  My alcoholism has progressed to the point where just one drink seems to end badly _every single time_.  It can range from pretty bad to full blown painful disaster but it's always bad.  ..And today I sit here sober.  I have a full recognition of last night (as I was sober) I'm well rested feel fine physically and am enjoying interacting with coworkers.  My anxiety is certainly here as it always is but it's floating at a low level as opposed to the nauseating panic that accompanies thousands of hangovers...By all accounts this should be such a simple obvious choice.  But I struggle _so so much_.  I finally just stopped getting a badge because I reset it constantly.  ..But I can't give up. I continue to look for new forms of support and next week begin therapy.  Thank you all so much for being here.  
----------immediate responses--------

SD is always here for you. Take it one day at a time and don't give up on the badge. I won't drink with you today . . If you are ready to commit I will commit with you.
33 year old male here. I've recently developed insomnia and anxiety post hangover whereas I used to be okay after the hangover goes away. I've only read it takes a year to feel normal and I'm hoping that's the case. I feel for you and I'm going to stop drinking myself. Hang in there and I'll hang in there with you too. 
I gave up on my badge for awhile as well. I relapsed so many times in a short window I didn't even want to see that false number over and over again. Eventually I drew another hard line in the sand and have been good since...for me it was a distinct health decision. I ended up in the hospital with pancreatitis and gastritis and got a bad scare. So now I know I NEED to stay sober. I'll probably fail again. And then I'll try again. But there's no mystery about where I'll end up if I don't at least keep trying.
Because it is so hard is exactly why I found help. I never would have stayed sober without my therapist and AA. I also did rehab and outpatient. There is more to getting well than simply not drinking. Glad to hear you're getting a therapist. 
Old habits die hard. Our world was chaos for so long. The way I look at it is phases. First we quit. Then we heal. Then we relearn how to live normal. That last part is why millions relapse. They don't realize normalcy is a built habit and needs time to become a habit. Take it as a reverse addiction. Give yourself 90 days to let those feelings settle and become unconscious...Or go on a bender buy a hot tub fill it with champagne and live the baller life. Personally I like choice B but that's just me.
I don't know if you'll find this useful but in my experience it helped to stop and recognize that although in a lot of ways I'm "normal" I did have a mental problem when it came to alcohol...I felt exactly the same as you do now after a few months off the sauce and drank again then went eight months twice and drank again each time always suffering pretty dire consequences and always coming back to the same conclusion: it's better to just not drink...I should also mention now that I honestly just have absolutely no desire to drink. It's hard to pinpoint where the shift happened but it's been a long time that I just don't ever consider it. I can't imagine dealing with the anxiety again-- so many times I felt like I was in actual hell-- hell is just a headspace...It's awesome that you're posting here and that you're looking for more support! If you really want to stop it IS possible.
Well that's the definition of addicted thinking. I had the same problem for years. Like you I refused to give up or go back. Sometimes I'd have setbacks but my progress was always forward. Hang in there!
It's the same for me bro.  I stopped drinking last year for about 4 months not because I was ready to face the hard truth about my alcoholism but because I was recently divorced and wanted to get back into shape.  I lost 35 lbs was looking great.  Everyone complimented me on how healthy I was looking how happy I seemed and I was getting a lot of attention from women that I hadn't gotten in years.  My frame of mind was great and I was happier than I'd been in over a decade.  Then I thought "Well I've lost all this weight so now I can start drinking again in moderation."  Disaster.  Every time.  Every time I'd drink I'd say to myself "well that was bad.  Next time I'll just have a couple" and for the better part of a year I allowed myself to live in that delusion in spite of the fact that it always ended badly.  Fast forward to now I've put back all of the weight that I lost and am back to my old ways.  I made the decision 2 days ago that it has to stop.  My rational mind tells me I will be happier.  I won't have to deal with hangovers and embarrassing myself constantly.  But the demon still screams in my ears that I should drink.  It seems like it's going to be a hell of a struggle but at least for today I will not drink with you.
Getting and staying sober is one of the hardest hints I have ever done. And I've done a lot. The whole situation flummoxes me to no end. Why do I sometimes fight so hard against something that is clearly better for me and everyone who knows me? What's the deal with that? Until March of last year I had 3 years 2 months &amp; 3 days of sobriety after daily drinking for 13 straight years. I had stopped on 1/1/13. I drank again on 3/4/16 &amp; the relapse lasted just over 7 months. I had plenty of reason to pick up again if that makes any fucking sense but my sobriety fell apart so quickly I was shocked at how easy it was for me to pick that first drink after all that time. It was a simple invitation from a long time neighbor to have a "libation". And BOOM I was drinking again. Fuck me but I have a confounding disease. The only way to successfully treat it is by *not* feeding it. When I drink very bad things happen. I'm done I hope.
I've been listening to a hypnosis app called Stop Drinking when I go to bed at night. I think it was 2.99 but totally worth the cost. I think it really helps when you can align your subconscious with your goals so you aren't fighting yourself.  I'm also in therapy and have been reading a lot on addiction so that helps as well. And if it was easy there would be a lot more people who didn't drink! You got this! 
I feel you on this one.  A mid-binge drunk who wants to stay drunk instead of going through withdrawal makes sense right?  But it is sober me who always chooses that first drink.  Drunk me only takes over after that.  So if I feel happier more energetic and proud why do I keep making that bad choice?   ..I haven't figured it out but I know part of me just likes to say fuck it.  Fuck success I am getting drunk.  When people are proud of me part of me wants to fuck that up.  Especially if they are proud of my sobriety.  Like don't applaud me for "achieving" normalcy.  Again I don't understand it yet but part of me enjoys being miserable.  It's comfortable.  I've got to find a new comfortable...I won't drink with you tonight...
I can relate and needed to see this post today. I feel the same and  also gave up on the badge. I'm 26 and I'd been put in the hospital with alcoholic hepatitis back in August. Over two and a half months of being sober I got a nice new place switched college majors and things had been going super well. Until Sunday night when I relapsed for the third time since February. I deal with all the painful withdraw symptoms almost every single time now. But I agree it's extremely hard and a very big struggle when your mind keeps telling you that it's okay to have one even when you can look around you and see you should have no reason to want to especially when there's only more pain and anxiety ahead. Thanks for the post!
38 yr old man here. Had a couple failed attempts in year 37 until this last time which appears to be sticking. My drinking was more just chronic drinking every night sans disasters (most of the time). But I also continually asked myself this question. Probably the best answer came from a book that gets recommended a lot here The Naked Mind (free copy in the sidebar I believe). It goes into the science and psychology of alcohol addiction in particular focusing on the subconscious beliefs. Not those conscious beliefs you (falsely) believe are in control. 
I reset my badge a bunch and like you stopped requesting resets for awhile because it just seemed like I was failing at sobriety.  I eventually re-committed to trying and here I am almost 10 months later.  ....One thing (perhaps unconventional) that helped me a lot was that I started incorporating elements of a healthier lifestyle while I was still drinking.  I started therapy and went for several years drinking heavily the whole time and lying about some of my shenanigans because I was too ashamed to tell my therapist about that part of my life (I know not the best strategy but I was tired of exposing my 'flaws' and self-perceived fucked-up-ness even though my therapist is awesome).  Though I didn't go to therapy for drinking going to therapy helped set the stage so I could eventually quit with better coping mechanisms in place. ..Also I started lifting weights (squats/deadlifts/bench etc) - weightlifting demands so much of your body that I eventually realized that I had to make a choice and I chose my health over continuing to drink and feel like shit while manipulating heavier and heavier weights - it felt dangerous to lift hungover. It seems a lot of people here find solace in some sort of physical practice to replace our solace in booze...Anyway long story short: For some people it's easy for many people its not and it can take a while to find what works.  I first tried to quit about 2.5 years ago but I only have 10 months so if you do the math you can see that it's taken me a long time to get that 10 months. And that's ok.  There's been a lot of trial &amp; error but eventually all the trial seems to be outweighing the error.  Good luck! You can do it. I never thought I'd like sobriety or even really get it but here I am! :) ..
Hey I'm a 37 year old man too. What are the odds?..I think for me this thought creeps in that I "don't deserve this" or that sober hard-working responsible me is "fake me" or that I'm a tortured soul deep down and tortured souls are supposed to drink. Then other times I have believed that I deserved a drink or 10 b/c I had gone so long without. That makes sense doesn't it? I have an enormous supply of weird shitty rationalizations. I'm hoping now that I've used most of them up. We'll see....
It doesn't make sense does it? But there can be that tug at 5:00 in the afternoon that it would feel SO GOOD to have that quick liquid relaxation. And everything in our culture says that it is a reasonable tasteful grown-up sophisticated delicious thing to do. And we ignore imagining the "fast-forwarded tape" as some here put it. We somehow insanely forget that one will lead to many more and to a devastated evening and morning after. I am lucky that it has been easier for me this time. In previous attempts the Achilles heel was always late afternoon and that idea of just one Scotch. Lately I'm so exhausted by the thought of the bottle that it has not tempted yet. I realize that that temptation could rear its head at any moment!
