-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63rfcd/after_relapse/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse is not unusual in the process of achieving longterm sobriety so don't be overly troubled. Yet as someone who was a serial chronic relapser I can look back and say that I got something out of each relapse. In a way it kind of is supposed to suck. Negative reinforcement one could call it. It's when it goes beyond that and turns into that shame you mention that it stops being productive...Drinking is the most natural thing for a true alcoholic so I had to learn to practice "atypical" behavior. It wasn't easy but it was simple. I hope you don't give up. If I was good for only one thing it was that I NEVER gave up. You'll get it! :)
you're back here. so I won't be drinking with you today. relapse gets the best of us. you know what you gotta do
Relapse sucks. I did that last year after 3 years 2 months &amp; 3 days sober. I let the relapse go on for 7 agonizing months until I crashed completely into Rock Bottom on 9/16/16. It went real bad for me. The lesson was painfully learned. I thought I had IT sewn up with my 3+ years sober... I am more diligent now. I don't fool around with alcohol.
We experience everything we experience because we're supposed to. In times of relapses no matter how much sobriety I gave up or how long I continued to drink it was exactly what was supposed to happen otherwise it wouldn't have happened. So why does it happen? To teach us a lesson. Think about the thoughts you were thinking leading up to deciding to have a drink. What tricks does your mind try to play in times of great desire? What feelings or emotions were you feeling in the moment? ..No need to feel as though you've let yourself down :) all you've done is given yourself the opportunity to overcome the feelings of desire next time they come around by being able to recognize them more easily. So long as you're sober right now the moment we actually have control over then the goal of sobriety is being achieved. Good luck on your journey!!
I am right here with you back at day 2. I am trying to keep focus on my sobriety and not worrying about what others may think. Sure I feel bad for the relapse but I don't have to wallow in it. I had to brush it off come back and keep it positive. I can't change the past but I can change my future. I won't drink with you today.
