-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63w49m/day_25_transformation/

Today is day 25  I have been taking baby steps. My life is improving very slowly. .. The old "problem drinker". Used to go a mile a minute.   No one could get as much as I got done in a day.   .I was on a roller coaster with highs & lows and I couldn't get off.   I gained 50lbs and I am in serious financial debt.   By the way   I have a decent client base and brought in a significant commission. However I made a lot of costly mistakes.   I felt out of control anxiety and depressed.  Alcohol was the only thing that made me feel good.  I lost myself.   I used to be pretty and I was an athlete.  Now I am a 47 yr old mom that is overweight with a red chin and skin problems.  ..Good news I decided to take control of my situation and do something about it.    I stopped drinking seeing a therapist joined an amazing gym (pools. Sauna jacuzzi state of the art equipment. Classes etc...   I also found this SD.  I have been reading "the Naked Mind" amongst other books about Alcoholism. .Things r improving but very slowly.   I had a good day today!!!  Unfortunately I am not going to be able to turn everything around in 30-90 days.   No such luck.  Instead it is going to be a daily struggle inch by inch to stay sober lose weight and get out of debt.   It is daunting just thinking about it.  Imagine if I could get my shit together.   Maybe I will do some great things. .
----------immediate responses--------

You will do amazing things. Congratulations on 25 days. Im right behind you at 21. I'm going to do some working out right now because you're reminding me that it will take my mind off of it all. Today i will not drink with you. Cheers
I totally feel you! I gained about 50 pounds too and broke I get it. I literally drank myself fat and poor. It's sooo awesome!   BUT I do know that I'm finally on my way to looking better getting back to my sexy self cause when I'm sober I'm a force to be reckon with! Fo-Sho!!! I won't drink with you. 
This. Mature Mom of 2 and wife ..wont drink with you tonight.
Thank you for your encouraging comments. 
