-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63xlb6/my_friends_and_family_think_im_cured/

I'm really struggling lately with feeling pretty isolated. I had a breakthrough around 2 months sober where I told all my close family and friends that I had a drinking problem and needed to stop. They were all so supportive and it was the best feeling...Now though people just assume everything in my life is under control. Sure I look healthier on the outside but I'm still fighting the same urge to drink or smoke multiple times a week! I found my loved ones are back to drinking pretty heavily around me and even invite me to events at bars where they really want me to come. They'll say things like "You can come and just not drink."  If only it were that easy!..Ive talked to my SO about this but I feel like this is the first time I get why maybe I have to make some new sober friends. I obviously can't change my family but I can find people who won't be disappointed if I skip out on a dance party at bar. Thanks for listening SD. I just had to type this up and vent because not many people around me understand.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad I'm not alone. My family thinks I've 'beat it' just because I've been back to 'normal' for a while now. I think it's gonna be a little harder to help them understand that a few months isn't a 'cure' at all.
My experience has been that if someone isn't a true drinker - in other words they can drink or not drink and it's no big deal to them one way or the other - they simply cannot comprehend what it is like to be an alcoholic. An alcoholic is an alcoholic - whether they are drinking or not. The other day I made a comment to my wife about not having had a drink since mid-January which she didn't even respond to so I told that I had hoped that she would have said something like she was proud of me and she understood how difficult it was and how difficult it continues to be. But she just looked at me like I had three heads when I said that. The lack of understanding can be extremely frustrating. They don't get the fact that while you appear normal as OP points out underneath you are fighting an ongoing battle for literally your life.
I feel you completely. I think that many people see us as "cured" by us simply being sober. I don't know about you but I'm still a mess inside! Yes I'm sober and luckily my desire to drink is pretty much gone but the reasons I drank are all still here. ..Removing the booze was only step one and my friends kinda forgot that there's more going on than just the booze. Alcoholism is merely a symptom of my greater/overall problem. This is hard work! ..We're here to help! Venting really does wonders for my mood and I'm ever grateful for SD. Stay strong! I will not drink with you. 
Unrelated issue...a few years ago I was attacked by a stranger while out running. It was pretty terrifying but I was mostly physically unharmed. My friends and family were freaked out for a few days. I assured everyone that I was okay and then it died down. I tend to really put a lot of effort into the external appearance of competence and calm...A few weeks later a friend told me "You know it's totally okay to grab people by their shirts and say 'I'm not okay right now!'"..I never did grab anyone by the shirt but I did enjoy imagining it at times. ..It's not an either/or for me. Sometimes I'm doing great. Sometimes I'm having a difficult day. I feel your frustration.
