-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/63ye69/what_i_have_found_through_four_months_sober/

I've found something.  Let's see where did I put it....o here it is!! I found my life..It started small.  I picked my favorite soccer teams my favorite plants my favorite fruits.  Then it snowballed.  I thought of a few cities I wouldn't mind visiting and a couple of dream jobs that would be cool to apply for.  Then I thought about beautiful women and what really turned me on (intelligence emotional openess glasses nice butts humor and kindness)...Then I found these things called friends.  I had never really met one before.  I'm still not good at this friendship thing but I am taking it easy on myself and getting better...I found these things called emotions.  At first they were very limited.  I only really had euphoria guilt and numbness.  Then I added fear joy obligation despair happiness jealousy anger joy comfort admiration judgement and much more.  It was almost like a trade.  For every good emotion I discovered I also discovered it's opposite.  The first time I felt like I belonged it felt so good.  Then I came home and slammed a half bottle of whiskey because I couldn't deal with the lonliness of not feeling belonged...I have found that my only real goal in life is to just find as many people places events and things that I love to do and each day do them as much as possible.  Yesterday I went out on the soccer field and dribbled by myself and I was joyous. I saw dads with their 2 year old kids teaching them soccer and couldn't wait to do that as well someday. It was the best day of my life because it was the present moment and I was happy.  Every day that I get to feel that is the best day of my life and I can repeat that for the rest of my time on earth...I have found that I can sense and pickup on people who are struggling.  In the *past* I would have drank and partied and spiraled out of control with them.  In the PRESENT I realize that it is ok to ignore them and not try to help them they are on their own journey and I am now moving on to bigger and better things.  I no longer feel guilt...ok that's a lie I feel a little guilt moving on but I know it is the right move and will push on...I have found it is ok to make mistakes and have fun.  The joy of friendship is letting yourself go and being able to poke fun and laugh and love someone else unconditionally...I have found a cheeto wrapped in my bed sheets and am contemplating eating it....Have a good night SD fam..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your sober journey! I've been finding all the new emotions that come with being sober a bit overwhelming but I'm starting to realize the bad feelings will pass and have been trying live in the moment and enjoy joy when it comes. It's nice to stop and smell the roses for a change :) 
Thanks OP that was a good read just what i needed right now. I will not drink with you today
Every unexpected cheeto is a gift. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you!
"a cheeto wrapped in my bed sheets and am contemplating eating it" ..BAHAHAHAHAHA ..Real talk: I love this post so very much!
Wonderful read! Congratulations!
Wonderful post - thank you!
What a beautiful post Patty! Thanks for sharing these lovely benefits of sobriety. Congrats!..Oh. And you HAD to mention the Cheeto?! I guess you and I are really on the same page because I can't seem to stop indulging in them for the past week. DAMMIT!!..When's the concert? I'm excited to hear all about it :).
This is really fantastic! I love that you can find such great joy in being in the here and now. Have a great night I'll join you in not drinking today!
this is very inspiring.  thank you for sharing.
DID YOU EAT THE CHEETO?.Here's to feeling emotions again - shitty or not shitty!
Great post! I found a cola flavored gummi in my pencil drawer last night and I ate it. A little hard a little chewy and just the slight hint of soap. What a great surprise!
This is a great post.  My sense of gratitude has increased significantly as well!
damn i love this post. and that joy is on your list twice ;) and the cheeto thing is such a bonus i just can't even. my prediction is you are going to get all the things you desire. that is all.
Thank you. Your posts really speak to me. I am very happy for you. I won't drink with you today!
Drunk you may have rolled over and crushed that cheeto and made a big mess causing more despair but sober you gets a delicious treat! Keep it up! haha loved this post.
This was beautiful and exactly the inspiration I feel like I needed.
