-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/643wkk/10_months_on_sunday_but_really_struggling/

Feeling kind of anxious & alone. ..I've been single for 4 months after a bad long-term relationship. Almost all of my friends are in happy relationships or married. Some have kids. They're really hard to hang out with. I'm starting to feel like I'm missing out on the whole successful relationship/family thing that they seem to have found. And like I've been left behind to hang out by myself...I'm going to grad school in the Fall but it's an online program and I fear just being chained to my computer for two years with no real human connection. I could have chosen the in-person program but it would've taken me 5 years to finish since I can't quit my job to go to school. ..My mom is still sick and I can barely work up the emotional energy to call her. I'm so in denial about her being terminally ill at age 56. My dad passed 8 years ago so if she goes soon I'll be an early 30-something with no parents...Being sober was cool for a long time. But I'm starting to get exhausted by *feeling*. I just want to be numb again. Life is too harsh. So I've been constantly thinking about relapse as the only thing that will make me feel better - or rather not at all. ..I know I feel this way because I've been slacking on going to my therapist and AA meetings. I could honestly use meds too. ..I also oddly feel like life was easier to handle when I was drinking. Sure I didn't do much with my time but at least I didn't feel so damn much...How does a person ever get used to this?
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to your struggle a lot. Also early 30's alone not too happy. And a lonely sick mother who i love but is costing me a lot of emotional energy...Choosing not to drink in this situation for me is a matter of life or death. 
I'm so sorry that you are struggling. Whenever I start to feel like sobriety isn't all that great I try to recall all of the reasons that I quit drinking in the first place...May I ask you why you quit?
Wow. I am a 33F single with a mother in long term care for very advanced MS. I often wonder if I will be alone forever. Truthfully though I want to be healthy for the next person I date. I am not ready to date. At all. I don't even have time. Even though I know I will be happy no matter what- I get lonely too. 
Hello! Thanks for posting this I haven't seen your name here in a while and was wondering how you were doing.  Drinking does make you feel. It makes you feel horrible. Don't forget that part. That alcoholic part of your brain is trying to trick you.  The difficult emotions you're feeling now will still be there if you drink but you'll have a relapse to deal with on top of everything...You typed out what needs to be done to fix this....so you know what to do. Please please take action!
"I know I feel this way because I've been slacking on going to my therapist and AA meetings. I could honestly use meds too."..Get up.
