-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6453x5/a_symbolic_dream_i_would_like_to_share/

My first Friday night sober and alone at home. I decided to take a nap and I had this dream. ..I'm a passenger in the back of a car and it's apocalyptic outside. Meteors flying over head fireballs dust and my driver is struggling to dodge the carnage while flying down the freeway at 100MPH.  The back hatch of the car flies open and another passenger flies out the back.....I reach for him and caught his arm. As I dangle over the edge of the back of the car to hold this man by his arm... I look down and notice he's dangling in to a crumbling abyss... the road is falling in to a void of debris as fast as the car is driving.  The guy has a panic on his face like "Please don't let go."..I struggle with this for what feels like hours.  Holding his arm as tight as I can while trying not to fall out of the rear of the car.  When finally I manage to pull him up and inside.  Briefly there is a clearing and the sun begins to shine through the dust and the road behind us is no longer falling in to the depths of the earth. ..I breathe easy for a moment and I realize I had been recording the whole thing on my smart phone.  (For whatever reason lol)  I lean over to the guy I just saved and said "You gotta see this." and began replaying the video. ..As I watched the video and it focused on the face of the man I was desperately holding on to...  It was me. ..Then I woke up. ...This was a powerful realization for me.  When you're on the edge of falling in to that abyss and being lost forever ultimately only **you** can save yourself by taking those first steps.  Allow you to save you.  I don't know where that road leads after... but I know the sun came out from the dust and clouds. 
----------immediate responses--------

Movie !! What an excellent interpretation of your dream. Spot on. 
wonderful 
That was a huge realization in the form of a dream! I do think our subconscious tries to communicate with us through our dreams. You are smart to pay attention. I agree with seicepsseesyou that it would make a great movie.
