-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64clya/i_relapsed/

I'm so disgusted in myself. I've lost everything and still allowed myself to pick up the first drink. It started on Tuesday last week and the binge went until this morning. ..I currently live in a women's homeless refuge. I could have lost my bed because I rocked in here off my face. I slept with random people. Passed out in a pool. I almost died. It just wasn't worth it. I spent over $1000 on alcohol and for a homeless person that's A LOT of money. I almost want to kill myself. I don't feel like I deserve this gift of life. I just can't stop drinking. I can't stop to save myself...I'm so proud of you all for keeping your motivation. I start an outpatient rehab program this Tuesday. I hope I can learn the skills I need to make it stick. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back friend! I'm so happy you are living and trying to overcome our same challenge again!.We can try everything any number of times as long as we live ..I will not drink today with you!
You're here acknowledging your relapse - that has to be better than drinking again. I will not drink with you today.
Keep trying. Never give up. Never never never. 
So glad you're back here. Wishing you all the strength you need to make it through - one day at a time.
So glad you're back. You can do this and we'll all be here for you!
You absolutely DO deserve the gift of life and there a lots of people here for you! Be well - don't give up :)
You are stronger than you know.  I know that because you made this post.  Without alcohol the world will start to open up for you.  Much love.
Good to have you here..There is hope and you have that outpatient rehab program starting which is great.
Tuesday is around the corner! It just takes more than one try sometimes. You are not alone!!!    Stay here with us and watch your life get better each day you choose to be free of alcohol.  
I'm glad you're back. I also passed out in a pool during a blackout and this is a strong reminder of how grateful I am for sobriety...Great job on starting outpatient on Tuesday! Please keep us posted I'd love to hear about your progress :). 
You have recognised you made a mistake now stop hurting yourself.. you need to be kind to yourself that's what not drinking is all about.. to reconnect you to loving you.. I am not drinking with you today
Im not drinking with you today. Keep coming back. We can do this   sending lots of love   
Sending you positive thoughts. You can do this one day at a time. Take care. I won't drink with you today. 
Stay strong! The first few days are the worst with all the shame and regret that likes to eat at us but know it will pass. I'm on my 10th day sober and know what you're going through. You're not alone and know that you are loved more than you know. Love yourself push that fear and regret out of the way keep your head up and know you can do this. I had so many relapses in the past years but I know this time is  different. It will be for you too. I won't drink with you today :)
Brush it off and let's keep trying.you are not the only one going through this struggle.I Will not drink with you today.
You see the viciousness of your cycle: That's huge! Don't give up!
You are as deserving as anyone else of this gift of life. Starting outpatient rehab sounds like a very good decision that you've made; I'm proud of you for making that decision. Be well! I will not drink with you today!! 
Welcome back. Glad you're here. I won't drink today in solidarity with you.
