-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64ctjw/after_2_years_of_sobriety_i_tried_to_relapse_and/

I was a heavy drinker and drug user from age 17-24 had fatty liver by the end but nothing that couldn't be reversed. I tapered off and didn't touch alcohol for 2 years. ..Then one night I cracked. I have an unrelated chronic illness and I just wanted one moment free from pain to buy me some time and stop me committing suicide. So I tried vodka. ..Sure it's normal to overdo it and forget your lower tolerance. But the results weren't just "puke a bit and feel like shit" which is what happened when I was young and new at drinking. It was puking and shitting 40+ times overnight thinking I was going to die on my bathroom floor. And extreme palpitations and dizziness. ..I tried a few more times after that determined to find a happy medium where I could dull my physical pain and yet not throw up. Turns out 2 shots is my limit. Anything more and I will throw up every 15mins for 8 hours - way past the point the alcohol is out of my stomach. ..On the one hand it's a blessing. I physically can't get drunk anymore! On the other hand I'm worried about what's going on in my body. ..My GP just shrugged and said he didn't know. I did some blood work and my enzymes seemed fine. I can't go to a specialist at the moment. ..Has anyone heard of this or experienced this? I keep wondering if I damaged my liver but when I Google the only liver damage I can find is cirrhosis. 
----------immediate responses--------

Could this be kindling (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative%E2%80%93hypnotic_withdrawal))?
I've never heard of this but part of me wonders if it is perhaps psychosomatic (no offense at all meant can't think of a different word)...perhaps your subconscious just strongly rejects alcohol and your body does the same? I don't think it's kindling; that is usually with repeated bouts of binging much closer together than two whole years...though I could be wrong. I'm glad your body wants you to stay sober too! I will not drink with you today.
That happened to me when I was in Highschool.  One time after getting drunk I threw up non stop.  I thought I had the stomach flu.  I ended up in the ER and they couldn't find anything wrong with me.  Then each time I tried to drink alcohol after that I would puke profusely.  So I didn't drink all through college.  I was actually scared to touch alcohol.  Looking back I'm very greatful this happened or I wouldn't of ever gone through and gotten my doctorate degree.  Unfortunately when I got in my early thirties about 15 years later I tried drinking wine and beer.  Only drank occasionally then started drinking heavy again.  But again something happened after ten years of heavy drinking I started getting massively sick again!  Like food poisoning sick.  So again if I drink I vomit and diarrhea.  I truly believe this has helped save my life.  I have talked to other people and no one I've talked to have experienced this the way I have.   I'm on here cause I still crave alcohol as sad as that is.  
A similar thing happened to me. I got to a point where even just one or two drinks and I was getting physically sick and blacking out a lot easier than I ever had. The whole reason why I decided to just quit was because my body simply can't handle it anymore. I feel so much better now but I know I have to remind myself *why* I quit.
I had a similar experience but only with 40 days of sobriety under my belt. I went back to regular moderate drinking and sometimes it would be okay other times I would get sick. One night I had a pint and a half of beer at the local pub and then felt too dizzy to walk ran to the bathroom and vomited. Another night I had 3 glasses of wine (only a moderate amount for me) and ended up puking and shitting for a couple of hours. A third time same deal. For some reason I kept doing it...I also got my enzymes checked out and they're all in normal range.
At least you have one more good reason not to drink!
