-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64dxzb/worst_hangover_of_your_life/

Mine was two days ago when I relapsed and drank from 11pm to 11am. I basically spent the last two days recovering sleeping on and off and doing ABSOLUTELY nothing. Such a difference compared to today when the sun is shining my head is clear and unpounding I have an appetite coffee tastes wonderful and I'm up and cleaning my house. I sometimes wish I could keep a hangover in a jar so I could feel it any time I need a reminder not to drink. I thought posting here might be the next best thing. Happy Sunday!  
----------immediate responses--------

A hangover in a jar haha that is such a great way to think about it! Thinking about opening that jar makes me sick and sad. I've been there with the 12 hour sessions ugh. So glad you posted this little reminder for us. :D Hope your day is filled with clarity :)
I soo wish I could keep a hangover in a jar as well! 
Yaassss. Hangover in a jar. Love it. This is now my mental image when I "play the tape forward". Thanks!
I used to have hangover amnesia.  I wouldn't remember even 2 days later.  Something changed however because now I'm acutely aware of the last one and the 100 before that.  Not going back! 
I think you just hit on a million dollar idea! 
I love that feeling you have today! Unfortunately I drank last night and it's spilling over into today. I am so jealous of that clear feeling on a Sunday. It is really something to be cherished 
December 2017. Bad relationship fight I drank 3 bottles of wine a few beers and some rum over a 2 day period. Sober one night 2 bottles of wine the next. The next day I literally thought I was dying but was too ashamed to tell anyone. Absolute worst feeling in the world...I've binged a couple times since then but never that bad. I still remember how truly awful that was.
I've had at least 12 of those. Heh. 
My worst was a few years back. Started drinking at 8pm came out of the bar at 4am continued to drink at my buddy's place until 9 am. I passed out in the toiled woke up sometime later with puke all over my shirt. I had to walk home a couple of miles through a market place which was full of people of course. Tried to sleep but I had to puke every hour and I couldn't even keep just water in me.. The next was a horrible hangover as well but I could it. So 2 days wasted completely...Not missing that at all....
Whenever I drank (anything more than two pints of beer) I would have lapses in memory. Increased alcohol intake = decreased memory so most drunk nights are pretty blank...The hangovers in the morning (in addition to the physical suffering) made me almost suicidal with anxiety and guilt over what I possibly might have done...I remember one night I just drank at home in bed and in the morning I felt terribly guilty towards the book I had been reading the previous night.
My most recent bad one was a few weeks ago caused by craft beer and Irish cream (What a gross combination I know) after a week of being dry and before I got serious about quitting again.  I learned (the hard way) that having a baby in the house and hangovers don't mix well and I wasn't about to let my son down.  Took a selfie in the mirror of my hungover self and my beer gut wrote down "it begins!" and keep it on me at all times.  Haven't drank since.
Too many to count now that I think about it but they were definitely getting more severe towards the end of my drinking career. Calling in 'sick' and missing work lots of times unable to eat or drink anything tired but couldn't really sleep laying around and wasting a day or more doing weird searches online on hangover tonics/liver cleanses. Part of it was a religious thing for me shocking as alcohol was indeed my god but I would enjoy the pain a bit and get excited with the thought of 'healing' my self-inflicted wounds with vitamin water juice tea etc. Thinking to myself: today/tonight will suck tomorrow will be better but still not ideal the next day better etc. and then you can drink again! Insanity indeed.
I gotta say I needed to read this thread. I didn't drink but I've been having cravings and even though I was not going to do it the simple task of reliving my worse hangover has quickly removed those cravings!..Keep up the great work everyone
Every hang over feel worse than the last one for me.  ..The scary thing wasn't even the hangovers it was the withdrawls that I'd been denying for years...The next day after drinking I usually don't have a hangover other than groggy and maybe a headache.  But on the 2-4 days after a binge when there is no alcohol in my system anymore is frighting and horrible...I start noticing I shake so badly I can't write the date without tremendous effort.  If I have to sign papers in front of someone my anxiety gets so bad it makes my shaking even worse...My head feels like someone dumped a load of cement over a brain that someone managed to kick through my skull...Not being able to eat for 2-3 days and not able to hold down water and spending the whole time dryheaving or waiting on throwing up bile is horrible...My skin feels tight and dry to the point where I feel like those meth addicts that describe feeling bugs crawling on their skin...My anxiety for weeks is off the charts as well as depression.  Feels like the world is coming at you all at once and yet your too depressed and debilitated to do anything about it and life feels hopeless...Those are just some of the things I think about when convincing myself not to drink.
The hangovers got worse every year. Some days I would remind myself that I couldn't remember the last time I didn't have at least a bit of a hangover. ..Uh my worst was probably that 42 pound rooster wine I forget the name of it. It's funny I can't really remember alcohol brands too well except the obvious ones we all know. ..A close tie for worst hangover was the morning after my buddy and I drank bookers. ..A two day hangover  both times and you know there were other days like that  too ..
Worst hangover was probably 2 months ago. Went out drinking with my girlfriend and friends the night before didn't even drink AS much as I usually do on the weekends had about 4 beers and a shot or two. The next day I literally threw up from 8 am to 5 pm. I had chills headache and just overall felt like death. My girlfriend and I tried to have Blood Mary's to "cure" my hangover and I threw up the Bloody Mary in my hand as I ran through our apartment door to get to the bathroom. That was the last hangover I had and the final one that made me think drinking is NEVER worth this feeling.
Used to be once a week I'd cripple myself from a bender treat myself with a 24-48 hour series of headaches body pains fatigue incredible lethargy and cycles of overwhelming self-loathing. I'd spend one day isolated between my bed the couch my computer (playing video games seemed like "trying hard enough" as the only engaging thing I could muster myself to do) and eating shitty food. The next day would be coffee fruits maybe try to exercise it off check my bank accounts to see cost of my disaster and maybe start to respond to incoming messages in my phone. Holy shit I can't believe I did that routinely once a week for the better part of seven years. 
I'm at 56 days so it would have been 63-66 days ago. I give that three day margin because the hangover or withdrawals were like nothing I've ever experienced. I woke up with a heart that felt like it was in my stomach I couldn't breathe all of the blood was gone from my extremities I couldn't think or speak.. I really thought that might have been the end. I had to make a serious effort to focus on breathing for the first two days any time I'd close my eyes I would be jolted awake as if my brain almost forgot to keep my heart beating. I made a point of sipping water slowly because it would exacerbate my symptoms. It was the most hellish three days I've ever experienced three days of not being able to sleep because my body wouldn't let me extreme anxiety about the possibility i had put myself over the edge and death might be waiting in the next room.. there's nothing I can do to explain it. I think I had drank 3 liters of 40% over 60 hours with a few years of regular binge drinking leading up to it. I had also consumed a lot of caffeine throughout the binge that led into the withdrawals which probably did not help. ..I drank two liters over two days less than a week later. The symptoms of that "hangover" were similar but less severe. I'm not a stupid person I still do not know how I could be so stupid to repeat the same behaviors that led me to three days of feeling like i was dying less than seven days later. I've been sober since right after the second binge/withdrawal.. I do think it was my rock bottom and luckily I pulled through it without falling too far. 
I will never forget my final hangover I was so sick uncontrollable shaking and crying sweating and rocking while trying to mind my twin toddlers. The feeling of confusion and regret was so overwhelming I was seriously weighing up suicide or never drinking again as my only options. I got through the hangover by telling myself this was it. The last time I would ever feel like that again. I would never ever have to feel this terrible and it's the only thing that got me through. I use that feeling when I need it I remind myself how awful it was when I'm tempted to drink and it's certainly worked so far. Been over 6 months alcohol free best thing I ever did. Not only alcohol but all drug free. I am a great mother to my children my marriage has sadly ended but work is going really well and I am living a healthy (both mentally and physically) life. I'm thankful for what happened because it made me change. I'm also thankful to the free phone numbers I called both AA and a government helpline. I wasn't sure if I had a real alcohol problem or was over exaggerating. Those conversations were instrumental in me realising the severity of my addiction. And that I actually did have a problem. 
A year and a day ago. I drank a fifth and a half of Jack last thing I remember was picking up a hitchhiker...then nothing. (Yep. My dumbass drove to get a second bottle). I remember the date being April 8 because that was the first time I decided to quit. It obviously didn't work I made it 13 days and then drank again til going to rehab in July. Ugh ...never again 
11/11/15. Woke up in a jail cell with a busted face and taser holes in my chest. 0/10 would not recommend. I'm glad I wake up in bed next to my amazing wife every morning today. 
All of your stories are filling my jar like a piggy bank of hangovers! Just what I needed and so glad to see so many fighting the good fight.  
The day after I had my stomach pumped from having dangerously high alcohol poisoning.... I've never been in that much sheer discomfort pain and misery. Also there were a few times I showed up so hungover to work I was sent home after throwing up in the bathroom and being so visibly hungover my boss told me to just go home those sucked a lot as well. 
Sitting in the departure lounge in Zurich Airport just over 2 years ago after a weekend spent celebrating a friends 50th birthday.  Something suddenly washed over me and I felt what I can only describe as an "out of body" experience.  It was as though my body didn't belong to me like I wasn't in control of anything.  I thought I was doing to die and the feeling of utter panic will live with me forever.  It wasn't a "typical" hangover and I was scared.  Really really scared...Quite why it took me 2 more years to realise that nothing could ever be worth feeling like that again is beyond me.
There have been several that were so bad I can't choose. All of them involved uncontrollable shaking lightheadedness nausea and the fear. Several of them included my hands going completely out of my control and contorting themselves into backwards bent claws. Once I projectile vomited matzoh ball soup all over my friend's parents' bathroom because my claw-hands couldn't open the toilet lid. I drank for another 2.5 years after that incident. I seriously don't know how I am alive today. 
