-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64eyce/new_here/

Hi...33 year old female here. ..I don't feel like going into a long story but I've been drinking since I was about 19. ..I had no real idea that I had a problem until I started dating my girlfriend about 6.5 years ago. She doesn't drink and going out to dinner cinema pub etc with her made me realise how much and how often I actually drank. I also realised that I had never had sex with anybody while sober. I still feel really ashamed (and I don't think I ever told her) that I can't remember our first time cause I was drunk then too...Since then I've pledged to stop drinking so that I won't be a dickhead around her (or worse when I'm not around her). ..I have done a whole year and several month stints...What my friends don't seem to understand is that drinking completely changes my personality. "Haha we all talk shit when we are drunk." No but I completely lose control and forget any boundaries. I self harm for no concrete reason but to the point where I could cause some serious damage. I'm certain that I could easily cheat on my gf if I was drunk enough. I could gamble away all my savings. I could really hurt people with the truth or with lies. I could climb some ridiculous height and fall off and die. I could go to a random stranger's house and be at real risk...But nobody who sees me in the sober light of day would believe it unless they've seen me drink...I'm generally quiet but confident. I have a well-paying responsible job. I have three adopted children and the above-mentioned gf. I would never put any of that at risk and I hate to hurt or inconvenience any person. I put lots of thought into my words and I feel that my empathy and my integrity are core characteristics of my personality...So that's why I say that when I drink I'm someone else. I'm a wild untamed brat who will fight you and then probably have sex with you. Fortunately since meeting my gf I have never been so drunk to cheat or get seriously hurt. But in the past I've had some close calls with danger. In fact I can't even guarantee that I was safe. It's entirely possible that I was sexually assaulted on a night out and just didn't recall it. ..Anyway I've been trying real hard and seen the benefits of not drinking; seen the way (at least where I live) society conditions us to think it's okay to puke on the streets and forget whole nights etc etc etc. Alcohol is toxic; it's a danger to my way of life. I feel frightened sometimes when I do relapse and have a drink. Sometimes I feel scared because I know I will drink regardless of what I say...A work night out a week ago resulted in me pushing a man over accusing him of trying to rape me and then knocking everyone's drinks off the table and I ended up with a big fat bruise on my forehead. Luckily only four of my workmates witnessed this and they are quite forgiving and also I probably divulged some of my traumatic childhood experiences to them so maybe they felt sorry for me...But this was the final straw for me...I mean the REAL final straw...Who does that shit. Who fuckin does that shit. What a horrid pathetic fuckin waste of space acts like that. My god the self hatred almost consumed me...But my saving grace was my girlfriend:.."You really can't drink again. I mean ever."..She said it in a really kind tone but my gf is not the type to ever make commands or demands. So the fact that she has said this means I can never break her trust again...I can't even have one at home...Because one at home turns to two at home the next time or maybe the time after that...Two at home turns into one on a night out maybe a fortnight or so after the initial drink. ..I mean I am so ashamed I want to delete this whole post...I'm not ever drinking again but I feel like I will never atone for my sins...But I know...I know I can't help myself...There is no "set yourself a limit"...One drink = quick descent into hell...Stop drinking is the only way...I'll have to find some other way to obliterate the pain.. although I'm doing ok. Being involved with my kids going for a run enjoying the sun trying mindfulness it's all letting the anxiety dissolve slowly...It's only at those times when I want an acute shutdown of senses and emotions. What can do that? Or do I eliminate the need for it....Thank you for this space :-)
----------immediate responses--------

You sound incredibly smart thoughtful sensitive and completely self aware. How lucky she is and the kids are to have you in their lives. You feel intensely and it sounds like you've avoided that at times helped along with alcohol. I'd spend some time exploring what makes you scared to be fully present at every moment with your feelings and emotions? You've got lots of company here and we can support you. You've taken a great first step. I won't drink with you today.....
Shame can't survive the light.. Thanks for posting. I heard a great line today: shame and guilt are disconnected from love. Today I felt shame for relapsing and doing stupid shit while drunk but trying hard to just have compassion for myself. Every moment is a new possibility. Great to have you here.
Just means you're testing the water with feeling. The reality is what do you have to lose? You're at standstill and there's no way you can grow any further until you take a proverbial leap. You've had pain and that's created resiliency in you. Time to trust that resiliency and take a leap of faith. You may feel hurt but believe me you'll begin to soar. Have a little faith---I know I do in you.
Great to meet you!!...Alcohol was my escape from my painful feelings.   It was my only coping mechanism.   I had to learn new ways.  ...I did AA therapy lifestyle changes and meds.  I took it one day at a time.  Each day I had a simple goal.  ..To make choices that were truly good for me however uncomfortable they might be.  To learn to tolerate the bad feelings and let them pass.  To reach out if I felt overwhelmed.  And to get to bed sober.  ...One day at a time.  
I love your username!.As many of us. You probably can't drink ever again but ever is long. Don't drink today instead..Then you'll become part of elite club of people who can't drink..I know that you are very intelligent person (I can read that) it's usually much harder for those. On opposite side you will understand how much life is better without drinking much better than somebody who's not trying to looking into oneself..
