-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64h382/the_drunk_who_lives_above_me/

There is a guy who lives above me in my apartment and he is a late stage alcoholic. He is a good shit. He is funny and honest and kind and he drinks like an animal. He doesn't know how else to live and I know in his mind he thinks the only person he is hurting is himself. I used to like drinking with him because there were never any judgements. We could hang out for hours communicating in weird accents. Just bullshitting and laughing and fueling our drunk while not having to really saying anything at all. Part of me misses that experience. I still hear him blasting his music upstairs I can hear him having conversations with noone up in his apartment or laughing to himself all the time. ..Side note: I've been struggling with my situation recently. Things have gotten better but I'm still uncomfortable in my own skin all the time. I question myself about everything and I doubt myself if I can really stay sober or if I even want to. ..Smash cut to last weekend when I'm hanging out with some of my neighbors and I let them know that what I'm doing hasn't been easy for me. One friend gives me a line something to the effect of "You've been doing well you deserve to drink." And who steps in to speak the truth and defend me? Why the battle tested booze hound who lives right above me! .."Fuck that! Don't do it. What's going to happen once you start again? Nothing good. The shit just keeps going on and on forever. If you justify it this time then it's just easier for you to justify it the next time and the time after that." He has told me that he is proud of me and he has been a really cool and unexpected supportive presence in my corner. ..I think he roots for me because he feels like it is too late for him. He knows it is hard because it's been kicking his ass for decades on end. I honestly think seeing how he lives may have been an influence in me trying to stop when I did. I see his hands shaking I hear him upstairs snoring and it sounds like he's struggling to breathe. I can easily see myself in him if I just keep drinking all the way down the road like he did. So thanks brother. No matter what I will always try to be a good friend to you. Thanks for having my back too..
----------immediate responses--------

*Just a tip for you OP: When you put the multiple spaces before paragraphs in your text it screws up the normal formatting and causes it to not have the line breaks. Makes the post incredibly hard to read I copied the text and removed the spaced below. ..Glad to hear your friend has your back....____.There is a guy who lives above me in my apartment and he is a late stage alcoholic. He is a good shit. He is funny and honest and kind and he drinks like an animal. He doesn't know how else to live and I know in his mind he thinks the only person he is hurting is himself. I used to like drinking with him because there were never any judgements. ..We could hang out for hours communicating in weird accents. Just bullshitting and laughing and fueling our drunk while not having to really saying anything at all. Part of me misses that experience. I still hear him blasting his music upstairs I can hear him having conversations with noone up in his apartment or laughing to himself all the time...Side note: I've been struggling with my situation recently. Things have gotten better but I'm still uncomfortable in my own skin all the time. I question myself about everything and I doubt myself if I can really stay sober or if I even want to...Smash cut to last weekend when I'm hanging out with some of my neighbors and I let them know that what I'm doing hasn't been easy for me. One friend gives me a line something to the effect of "You've been doing well you deserve to drink." And who steps in to speak the truth and defend me? Why the battle tested booze hound who lives right above me! .."Fuck that! Don't do it. What's going to happen once you start again? Nothing good. The shit just keeps going on and on forever. If you justify it this time then it's just easier for you to justify it the next time and the time after that." He has told me that he is proud of me and he has been a really cool and unexpected supportive presence in my corner. ..I think he roots for me because he feels like it is too late for him. He knows it is hard because it's been kicking his ass for decades on end. I honestly think seeing how he lives may have been an influence in me trying to stop when I did. I see his hands shaking I hear him upstairs snoring and it sounds like he's struggling to breathe. I can easily see myself in him if I just keep drinking all the way down the road like he did. So thanks brother. No matter what I will always try to be a good friend to you. Thanks for having my back too.
Wow. Thanks for sharing. He's definitely right about the justification to drink. He sounds like he has a lot of experience with not being able to quit because of the reasons you give yourself to drink...Also if anyone says you deserve a drink especially because of how long you've stayed sober tell them your body naturally thinks it needs way more than 1. "One is too many and a thousand not enough."
Very cool. I won't drink with you today. Being sober is hard. 
I wish your neighbor gets help as he is struggling and we have all been in such situations where a little nudge in the right direction goes a long way...wish you all the best  
Take careful note he is watching your recovery closely.  You may be helping him along with yourself.  Would be cool if your friendship extended into recovery together.
great story hope you're doing well
really good story! stay strong 105 days is a tremendous achievement be proud of yourself!
Part smiles and part heavy heart reading that. Thanks for sharing!..Listen to the boozer - not drinking with you today my friend!
&gt;I think he roots for me because he feels like it is too late for him...This breaks my heart. I've known a few people like that in my time some who were alcoholics some who were in other difficult situations in life. You both sound like good people. 
Good for you and good for him in his way. Just curious how old would you guess he is? 
Thank goodness for friends he is a true friend. Thanks for sharing not drinking with you today x
Before I got to the last para all I could think was that YOU have been entertaining an angel unaware.  He was put there for you to learn from.  And it seems you have.  Keep up the good work. 
That's a cool guy right there!
Glad to hear! I will not drink with you today : )
Man today that story about your friend is tough to read. Last night an old friend rang me to tell me about a mutual acquaintance who is off on a bender. The type where he didn't even go to his sons wedding. Wratched Instagram pics that are embarrassing his wife friends. His customets are seeing the train wreck on social media. Yes that bad. A bender yet again as come in stages. But this time it's drinking drugs random chicks. My friend sounds like your neighbor x10. But you you stay strong and take one step one day at a time. Don't go down the road my friend is where his whole effing life is one big mess. Get new friends who will celebrate your sobriety not try to tempt you. There's nothing in a bottle but trouble.
A re-hab counselor once told me that unfortunately there does come a point when the disease has progressed so far - and the brain -habits etc. have been so badly eroded that a person can't turn around (the most frightening thing I ever heard) - I hope it isn't true but I think deep down it could be I have relatives in my life that are just so far gone-Who knows when one crosses that line? - maybe your poor neighbor has progressed too far - maybe not - If he sees you making it -maybe who knows you will give him the strength to try one more time ! Strength to us all!
Thank you for sharing that that is amazing... hang in there we're in this together
You are a good soul.
Sounds like a great friend :)
My wife started a month before I did and getting sober saved my life when I had my heart attack.  If I was not sober I would not have gone to the doctor to get help and they next one likely would have been fatal.  My advice for your neighbor is to keep an eye on him and his health.  Until he is ready it is the best thing you can do for him.  My desire to drink is zero every time I think back to my experience in the ICU after open heart surgery.
Isn't it funny how you find support in the oddest places once you start being honest and open?  Well done man this experience is going to give you strength down the road for other tests to come.
great guy it's never late to start making possible choices imo.
great guy it's never late to start making possitive choices imo.
Just WOW! On so many levels this both hurts to the core yet is uplifting as hell. I'll keep your upstairs neighbor in my thoughts. It's never too late.
It's great that your friend still has the heart to tell you not to do as he has done. And it shows how important support it is. It's so hard to do this alone and so much easier when you have the help of others whether it's here or in a group. ..The first year was definitely the hardest for me and I hear that when I work the phones as well so hang in there! I won't drink with you today. 
Actually lately to battle justification I tell myself "you deserve not to have a drink" and it oddly makes me feel better.
Who knows... maybe you can be a good influence on him in the long run
You rock. Thx for sharing. Stay strong. Don't think of it as not drinking; think of it as choosing freedom. That has helped me in my first few days back. 
Great post - thank you!!!
&gt; He is funny and honest and kind and he drinks like an animal. He doesn't know how else to live and I know in his mind he thinks the only person he is hurting is himself. ..That describes most of us until it doesn't. Invite him to an Open Speaker meeting. He may just surprise you.
Sounds like this alcoholic friend understands the struggle better than the "normies". 
Well God bless his soul. You never know where your angels are....
That's awesome and sad at the same time.........Let's not drink today in the name of the upstairs guy and hope that someday he will join us!
Sometimes we are sober for ourselves &amp; sometimes we are sober for those who are still in the fight.  Congrats on your sobriety friend!
I'm back at day one after drinking again for quite a while but when I quit for a substantial period before I found it was one of my hard core alcoholic former drinking buddies who was one of my staunchest supporters in sobriety outside AA. Hope your neighbor my friend... and myself... and you... and everybody here can find their way or keep finding their way.
When I'm feeling uncomfortable or bad or even if I'm feeling really good I think of the taoist story of the farmer..."There is a Taoist story of an old farmer who had worked his crops for many years. One day his horse ran away. Upon hearing the news his neighbors came to visit. "Such bad luck" they said sympathetically. .."Maybe" the farmer replied. The next morning the horse returned bringing with it three other wild horses. "How wonderful" the neighbors exclaimed..."Maybe" replied the old man. The following day his son tried to ride one of the untamed horses was thrown and broke his leg. The neighbors again came to offer their sympathy on his misfortune. "Maybe" answered the farmer. The day after military officials came to the village to draft young men into the army. Seeing that the son's leg was broken they passed him by. The neighbors congratulated the farmer on how well things had turned out. "Maybe" said the farmer."..The point is that feelings come and go. Anxiety comes and go. Luck comes and goes. I used to depend on booze for all of my feelings. Feelings and emotions should not dictate my actions. My actions if right will inform my feelings well...You took right action and your neighbor is correct to let you know how well you've been doing. I won't drink with you today and I'm going to feel good about it.
This was helpful to me. Thanks...I won't drink with you today.
This shows that we all are just people. Lost confused addicted but there is always spark of human being inside
