-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64kmli/100_flippin_days_yall/

100 days!!!!!! 100 DAYS!!!!!..I haven't been sans booze this long since I was thirteen or fourteen. 100 days may not seem like that long but it *feels* like such a long time. As I get further into sobriety everything is coming into focus and that clarity means being barraged with a bunch of epiphanies that I don't think I would have come upon so quickly and clearly *without* this time...Initially not drinking felt very strange. I definitely suffered from FOMO and felt locked out of the Normal World especially on weekends. That has subsided significantly. ..I spent this entire weekend painting working cleaning my apartment watching Grimm (obsessed!) and making delicious meals without a second thought over where I *should* be or where other people are. I didn't realize what a burden that feeling of "Oh other people are having fun at the bars without me" was until it finally let up. I don't know exactly when it stopped but it's a relief that it stopped...I was so afraid that my life would be boring without drinking but it's the opposite. My life feels full with lots of opportunity. It makes me anxious; I still haven't lost that foreboding notion that at some point the other shoe will drop. But it's also exciting. ..Things are not without struggle; I'm still cleaning up a lot of messes and obviously cravings are a thing. I'm suffering from a touch of PAWS which was unexpected. For the first time though I feel like it can all be handled...Sobriety feels like a labyrinth and I'm finding prizes the further in I go. I don't know what comes next but I'm excited to see what happens...I walked into this thinking it was going to be short term convinced that it wasn't *really* a problem. .."I'm not an alcoholic; I just have a dysfunctional relationship with alcohol!" ..That's what I told the person who recommended I try out AA when I was struggling to moderate. I don't know whether I'm a problem drinker or an alcoholic (although I have a suspicion as to which is more accurate!). What I do know is that even in this short time my whole life feels so much more manageable than it *ever* did before. Even the hard stuff. If I had caved after a shorter time I would have missed so much. Sticking to it has been completely worth it. ..I'm really grateful for my therapist for AA (particularly secular AA) and for this community right here. Thanks for being so rad sobernauts. Your stories your thoughts and your encouragement are a lifeline...Thank you all for being RAD!                   .....
----------immediate responses--------

congrats! on 100 days sober! I won't drink with you today
Wooohooo!! Congrats on triple digits aquamarineeye!! This is such a wonderful milestone I'm so happy for you! Thank you for your kind comments and for sharing the inspiration.
I'll join your party in the morning :)
Congrats!
Congratulations!.It's a pretty nice feeling :)
Awesome! Congrats on hitting the big hundred days and for keeping     with this post. 
Well said man. You really sound sharp confident and in charge of your life. And you are right about the worry of being boring and then finding the opposite. I am so much more socially active then I was when I was a drunk and people just love being around me.
Damn this is inspiring.
FOMO is definitely completely gone - I couldn't help laughing at all the snapchat/insta photos in my feeds on Friday night that were just images of beers and cocktails. It's cute. Take pictures of yourselves people! Those are the memories we need! :)..Congrats!!! 
