-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/64t9sh/posting_after_a_long_time_and_things_are_not_good/

After all the really terrible mistakes and all the life threating stuff that I live I'm still relapsing. It's like life is not good enough for me or i'm not good enough to be alive. My plan was to be dead a long time ago sometimes i feel like i'm on borrowed time. I focus on the little things and sometimes it works but most of the time it's not enough and i feel like it's gonna be like that for a long time. I'm just gonna hang on to something until it's my time to go. There's a lot of people that cares about me and i know that they want whats best for me but the booze is stronger I don't know if I will ever stop. I just have to be better and don't make it worse 
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like your heart is way strong.  When you say little things do you mean carrying on the day-to-day even though it feels kind of pointless? If you do not mind my asking who are the people there for you?
I'm glad you're back. please find a way to feel better. good luck to you
I was feeling real blue when I was drinking. I'd think " ah who would really care if I wasn't here anymore". That was the biggest red flag of many I had. You say you have 2 dogs? Well they certainly would miss you  they need you. I've been sober 4 months and two weeks today my dog is 10 and she got real sick this past month. It was me who cared for her  in all ways that no one else could. Shes well now and full of love that I need from her right back!! I think your sadness can lift as the alcohol becomes more and more distant. I wish you well and hope you and your dogs are full of love to share with each other.  
My depression &amp; outlook on life has improved greatly since I quit drinking. I think of my sobriety as a sweet little baby. Only 4 months old- so tiny maybe just now cooing &amp; rolling over. And sometimes she even smiles at me now.  ..Congrats my friend- your sobriety could be born today. If you like I will celebrate with you by not drinking. :)
Ive had similar feelings before - the "I shouldnt be alive" or "don't deserve to be alive" deep-rooted thought patterns.  I do mean patterns as I seem to fall into self-limiting/self-demeaning thoughts without my full awareness of it.  The first step which worked for me is recognizing those thoughts.  They are a stream of negative pressures I repeatedly expose(d) myself to .  They are worthless they sap my energy and they are not productive.  ..The difficult part is upon recognition attempting to shift away from such indulgences.  To attempt to break the cycle with a different perspective or to distance oneself from them.  Upon  analyzing the thoughts it is/was downright silly the amount of beating myself up I did.  And for what?  There was no tangible benefit in such a way of thinking.  I did not feel any better.  In fact i felt worse...Now a short while ago I would have drank those thoughts down into oblivion.  I would in the short term numb myself from them.  This became a pattern for me as well.  But this did not solve anything and upon sobering my intrusive thoughts were back with doubled intensity...So here i am now - no numbing agents - doing my best to stem the dark tide.  Its not perfect but I'm slowly feeling better.  About myself about my place in this world.  It's not perfect but I'm slowly changing my way of thinking.  For the better...Being nicer to myself was a good place to start.  Recognizing the absurdity of the thought  "I dont deserve to be happy or alive" has shifted my perspective.  It sounds like you are already acknowledging those feelings - a great way to start the change.  I wish you the best!  ..I will not drink with you today.
Hey man (gal?) I can relate to how you are feeling. When I reached this point I decided to put aside previously held notions and try whatever had worked for other people to get better. I started attending AA meetings and started opening up to a therapist. Honestly this made all the difference for me. I didn't particularly want to do those things and I resisted for a long time but when I saw that it was either be open-minded enough to try new things or have my life go off a cliff I decided to put my ego aside. I figured the worst thing that could happen was I could say I gave it an honest try and ended up right back where I was before. ..Now looking back I can't believe I resisted it for so long. For some reason I held on to this idea that if I figured it out on my own my recovery would be more meaningful or something. It doesn't really make sense. I've learned that I'm way better off when I go to people and ask for help rather than try the same crap over and over again hoping for different results. Glad you are here. 
