-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/650zsg/how_bad_am_i_supposed_to_feel_about_having_a/

I struggle with alcohol. It used to get me into a lot of trouble but I've cut way way back. I do still really like to drink and I still want to over drink when I do but I've just really shut it down. My boyfriend still brings up all the times I've screwed up the stupid stuff I did/said etc. I feel so so bad. Recently we went to an event with his friends. He told me we were all going to get really wasted so it was ok to drink a lot. So I did and apparently became the drunkest one there. I didn't cause any problems just stumbled off to bed. Apparently one of my boyfriends friends nudged him and said "she really drinks doesn't she" as a comment. Of course I feel horrible and embarrassed and like I can't show my face amongst those friends ever again. My boyfriend said everything was fine though everyone was drunk and I didn't cause any problems. It's like this all the time. He always brings up the drinking problem even when it didn't cause any problems and makes me feel terrible. Now that I have a much healthier relationship with it I still hear about it. I feel like I'm supposed to just feel terrible and embarrassed for my whole life for my struggles drinking. Is that how it's supposed to be? Is there a stigma about people who drink to much where normal people look down on them and don't like them? I don't want to feel horrible all the time especially since I've gotten better but my boyfriend doesn't let up. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think you feel as bad as you need to to realize that something isn't right. It sounds like you feel exactly that bad. Welcome friend fancy not drinking with me today? 
I feel terrible about many things I've said/done while drunk. That being said I'd be livid if my husband spoke to me like that about it. Especially after an uneventful evening. ..It sounds like he gave you permission to drink and then got all a "holier than thou" attitude about it later. That's not cool. You're an adult who can make your own decisions. It's not his job to parent you and that's not a very kind way to handle the situation at all. ..You deserve to be treated with respect. Everyone makes mistakes. Being constantly reminded of them isn't helpful at all. ..Good luck. I won't drink with you. 
Hell alcohol ruled my life for many years and yeah when I first quit I felt terrible and guilty about it all. There were some folks in my life at the time who would have loved nothing more than for me to feel terrible about it forever so they would have power over me. One of my earliest healthy actions was to refuse to continue to let that happen. If I am sober and being standup person there is no reason to accept a guilt trip.
Own it.  Admit you have a problem and you're  managing it.  Be aware of your options and don't be afraid to ask for help if required. .I can't be hurt any longer by my drinking history. 
i don't feel bad about it at all! i'm rather happy with myself for figuring it out and taking action
You might try r/relationships 
Is it possible he's just very concerned?
