-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6561oy/for_the_rest_of_my_life_i_will_struggle_with_not/

Two days ago I attended AA for the first time. I needed it. I think i will go again but this is a lot to soak in. Never thought this would be me. I thought I was finally helping myself and then 3 days ago I found myself drinking at 7 am at work had an awful day and my friends forced me to go to AA. I as well as all of you will have to deal with this the rest of our lives. I Know it will get easier even after just a few more days since I just recently drank. But I just want to feel alive and happy and stop thinking about this. Even after looking up images of corrohsis of the liver and hearing horror stories from the other AA attendies I still grabbed a bottle yesterday and stopped myself from opening it. It was hard but it was a small step. Still doing better than I was. .I love yoga and the outdoors and healthy loving but each time I have a bad week after a good week it can be so hard to get back on track and I feel like I end up stagnant. .Well thats it for now. I hope this become easier for all of you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Go easy on yourself too. It's possible that part of you will always "struggle" with this and need a proper level of caution but so far in my own limited experience that part shrinks down over time and becomes very manageable. Whenever one first stops or at least for me the kind of thoughts he/she has are really big powerful and intractable. But over time they just become get less and less airtime in your life. Good on you for not drinking today. Not opening that bottle was a HUGE step. 
I thought I would struggle for the rest of my life too. I thought every day would be depressing knowing I cannot drink alcohol. I thought I'd have no fun ever again that I'd make my friends uncomfortable and that my life was over...Only one of those things was correct. Life as I knew it was over. And good riddance it was not a life that I was proud of. This new life of not drinking is fulfilling every (reasonable) dream I've ever had...And I don't struggle at all. It gets easier and easier as time goes by. I never think about drinking anymore.  When I think about the struggle that drinking was the weight I carried upon my shoulders keeping my addiction alive....THAT was a struggle.
"The rest of your life"..Well that's quite a sweeping phrase!..I can tell you this.  Before I ever had a drink I never thought about alcohol...When I stopped it was a struggle.  Then I learned to Live Sober...Now I don't think about drinking.  Now I'm grateful to have lifted from me.  I no longer struggle...I hope that for you!
For me it helps not to think about never drinking again - if I think about that it feels hugely overwhelming. I'm just not drinking today. It feels much more manageable.
I agree with others. I still have a thought or two about alcohol especially because I'm going through a bit of a rough/lonely patch in life at the moment...BUT it's nothing compared to the daily chaos of "should I drink tonight? Or not?" Or the feeling guilty because I didn't want to drink but felt I couldn't refuse. Or being drunk and hating it and desperately trying to sober up (carbs were good for that hence I gained a lot of weight). Or being hungover the next day and hating myself because I decided to drink AGAIN and knowing I probably would that night. ..It took some work and some time but by about 7 months sober I realized I rarely thought about alcohol. And even when I did the thoughts of relapse are like wishful thinking. "I wish I could relapse but I can't because I'm sober now and I don't want to reset my badge or get another 24 hour chip." Lol..I too thought I would never end up at an AA meeting and I wondered if that made me a loser. But I've met the most awesome people in the program and I'd probably never have met them if I had never shown up there. ..I don't think of my recovery as a burden. I have many struggles including depression and anxiety which in some ways my alcoholism was just a symptom of. But I can have a normal happy life if I choose to put in the work. So can you. :)
You do sometimes hear that we will or are somehow supposed to struggle with drinking for the rest of our lives but...well that's not how it's been for me. Of course it was hard in the beginning but it got easier with time and at this point...gosh...it's been years since drinking has even been an issue in my life much less a struggle. I really don't even think about it; I'm a nondrinker and it doesn't occur to me to drink any more than it occurs to me to smoke (I quit smoking before I quit drinking)...It might help if you made an effort to redirect your thoughts away from what a struggle it is now and toward how nice it will be when you get this part of the recovery process behind you and you're not dealing with the cravings anymore. Because that day will come!
