-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65920z/finally_got_those_flashing_blue_lights_behind_me/

Yes I'm foolish I'm ashamed. .It was actually at the weekend on a one day relapse after a week sober. .Bye bye driving licence next month blew 73mg (legal limit 35)..16 hours in a cell for the 1st time in my 40 years. .Job's 13 miles away... Wake up call much. .I know that it's shutting the gate after the horse has bolted but been to 3 AA meetings this week & I'm determined not to relapse again... Even on the day they take my licence & everything falls to shit! ..Thanks for reading. ..Feel free to tell me how foolish I've been. 
----------immediate responses--------

Not foolish just too fucked up to make choices.  I always thought I was smart enough to never drive drunk. One night I went to go visit a friend blackout drunk in the rain. Got in an accident and had no memory of it until I woke up next day and saw I recorded a video of the cars... Went to the tow yard My car was totalled and most my family freaked out when they saw it and wondered how im alive.  No idea if I talked to the guy I hit. All I know is I was driven home in a cop car crying like a nutjob. He even asked my mom if I have mental problems. I'm so amazed they didn't do a breathalyzer or wonder why I was acting so weird. Talk about shitty police work! At least you got hit with a hard wake up call. I wish I had got a DUI  man. I'd never consciously drive drunk; I always rest until sober. Black outs make you do crazy shit. Hope you stay sober this time! 
My foolish night ended by spending the next 74 months in prison so understand your mistake but realise it can be much much worse. ..Learn from this one. 
Right there with ya bro... I got a DUI and THEN drove drunk with my suspended license.  Can't tell you how bad that turned out.  Just sayin I ain't NEVER going back to jail ever.  Good that you caught it now. 
I blacked out and totalled my car. I could have killed someone else or myself it could have been so much worse...The ramifications are not fun but you will get through them just fine. I wish I could take that night back but also part of me is glad it happened. Something good has to come out of it!
I had an experience that really pushed me in the direction admitting I am an alcoholic and stopping drinking forever. I drank one weeknight and got a few hours sleep. Felt OK-ish in the morning.  I had to go drop off rent before work. On the way back from that on a busy road full of morning traffic a bicyclist on the shoulder hit a rock or hole or something and fell off - away from the road. If he's fallen the other way I certainly would have hit him with my car; he would have fallen right in front of me. That's when I realized that I felt OK because I was still drunk and realized that many many times I had been lying to myself about having "slept it off". That guy could be dead and I could be in prison right now. I don't think anyone could have stopped if he'd fallen into the road but that wouldn't matter - I'd be the drunk driver who killed him for the rest of my days.
I think a lot of people have been here but only you can decide if this is your final turning point. The fallout will be difficult but you will come out -so much stronger- when you make it through this!
