-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65fp7k/ive_made_it_one_entire_week_thank_you_sd_any/

Hello all checking in. I vowed to quit/moderate my drinking on January 1 2017. This is not the the first year I made that resolution. At first (which was a huge mistake and I knew it) I would "allow" myself to drink for 2 days then take 3 days "off" or drink 1 day and take 2 days off etc. This was painful and difficult because I drank even more knowing I wouldn't be drinking the next day. It only worked for about 6 weeks (and still failed some). I made it to 4 days sober once in the past 4 months. I was right back to not caring at all if I drank 2 out of 3 meals a day. The worst part was binge eating on the days I was trying to stay sober. Looking back on the first few days this past week I just couldn't stop eating either no matter what it was. I ate everything twice....Now that I have made it through a week without a drop of alcohol I feel alright. I am way less bloated and calm. I still have a little bit of shakiness lingering around. I struggle with insomnia but when I sleep it is great sleep. Right now I just have no appetite. I didn't eat a single thing yesterday or today. Just tea coffee water and La Croix. To those of you who have been there what was your experience with fasting during your early detox period? I know our bodies need to re-calibrate themselves is complete loss of appetite part of that?...I don't see myself failing today or this weekend so that is a good thing. One day at a time. Thanks for reading and have a wonderful day stop and smell the flowers. I won't be drinking with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I guess what most people are going to suggest is exercise walking around and stuff to get your appetite back..also things like "jump starting" your stomach which basically means eat some food a granola bar a little bit of bread something that gets your stomach going and that should make you hungrier throughout the day
I just went with soup and tea for like the first 2 weeks. I had no appetite at all. Then it hit me full force! Scrambled eggs were also a lifesaver during morning nausea bouts... Good luck. Your want for food will come back I promise.
I often forget to eat and making it part of my schedule is the only way I remember.  I don't know your regular meals but I have to set an alarm to eat lunch even if just a granola bar and schedule dinner as soon as I get home from work.  A lot of us are habitual anythings; drinking is a habit as is missing meals.  My habit now is to stop midday and walk around and eat something and eat something when I get home.  ..Congrats on a week!  
