-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65hpl1/any_chronic_relapsers_here/

I have been through 4 full 30-day inpatient programs since June of 2016 and still just cannot get it. I have lost the love of my life have severe depression and anxiety issues have spent thousands of dollars on alcohol and drugs lost countless jobs and have thrust my family and friends into a living hell. And I continue to drink. I have seen what sobriety can bring me. When I am sober I feel better about myself I have little to no anxiety and have an easier time making decisions. Why in the hell do I continue to pick up? Alcohol is truly cunning baffling and powerful. Any insight would be greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Right here dude! I have been through almost a dozen rehabs! That is unfortunately what it took for me to give up my doubts skepticism and cynicism and to finally "let" sobriety happen...I found that I had to complete my research. I also found out that I am a very tenacious and determined researcher who had to find out about and learn almost everything first hand. Upside: those lessons learned hardest are learned best...Everything I had and was as a person was either gone or hanging by a thread. I too lost the love of my life...for exactly one year. The night I took my one year chip she was there and came back home that night. In a couple of months we will celebrate 30 years of marriage. Miracles can happen...Some other words of encouragement: I went from having a life that could not seem to be able to get much worse to one that could not seem to get much better...and then it keeps getting better. I can say with a straight face that I deserve and can have true success today because I have seen and tasted true failure. Not only is failure common in the many success stories I have read but it seems to be almost an essential ingredient! Yet you won't ever hear me advise anyone to go out and fail really badly. It's just one of those weird things where a lot of good can come from a lot of bad but you never want anyone to have to go through the bad part...The reason I kept picking up a drink is because that is what alcoholics do. Drinking is entirely natural for an alcoholic so I had to learn to practice "atypical" behavior that over time began to feel like second nature. I have a program of recovery that I continue to this day that I not only don't find to be a chore but actually enjoy! As long as I continue my "treatments" I stay sober and I get to keep my sobriety as long as I want it. That's a pretty good deal if you ask me...You've paid your dues no? Now it's time to succeed!! :)
The great "why again?" This question bothered me for years (decades?). I think it was presented perfectly in This Naked Mind. I would wonder over and over why I was drinking again when I could no longer identify any benefits in it. There was no euphoria no camaraderie no creativity no fun nothing. So why drink? I was drinking to relieve the feeling of not drinking. When I took alcohol away I had no idea about life how to live how to feel how to act. I had feelings of guilt and remorse about the past and fear about the future. It was absolutely the most uncomfortable place to be in the world. Drinking took me back to something familiar no matter how sad and painful that place was.
Sure. I started quitting in 1982. The most I ever had was about six months; other than that it was a week here a month or two there. I don't know how many times I was sure I'd stopped but it would have to be at least fifty. What finally changed was that I gave up. It was suddenly clear that I was in a fight I couldn't win so I walked away from it. Booze is bigger than me and smarter than me and stronger than me so I just forfeit any further wrestling matches.
I started working on sobriety on the 29th of August of 2014. Sure I have relapsed. Countless times. Usually no more than a month sober. But I think it is in the not giving up that hope is truly found. I have spent some amazing sober time with my son that I wouldnt have had if I had not been at least trying to remain sober despite my falls. And I have learned a great deal about myself through relapse and figuring out the why and fixing it. These 42 days mark the longest stretch I have been sober since my son was born. And I will take that tidbit and recognize I accomplished something. Just like you should be giving yourself credit for keeping on picking up and fighting. I will be sober with you today. Which is a big promise for me. I just got out of a rehab and it will be the first night my ex has our son since I have been back.
