-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65i1yo/small_bit_of_advice_from_my_5_months_anniversary/

Around 5 months ago I broke up with my 3 year long relationship with my girlfriend and I've started a new one with sobriety ... ..It has been a very tough week so this hallmark is an exciting bit of perspective I can do it I have done it and I will do it! ..Those of you just starting out or coming back from relapse like I did. From my experience stay strong and get through the 30-35 days mark and sobriety starts to feel right. I was so close to giving up at 30 days and I'm so glad I didn't the difference between me at 30 and me at 60 was unbelievable. Keep up the marathon. Take each day as it comes and embrace it. ..There are a whole lot of books out there to be read muscles to be trained friends to be made good food to be cooked eaten films to be watch! The Western world is saturated with things to do try not to let boredom drive you to drink life away. 
----------immediate responses--------

And there are grand children to be played with! Thanks you for posting this. I needed the reminder this morning. Yesterday i just felt *loose* all day. I don't know what was wrong but something wasn't right. I just put my head down and got though the day went to bed sober and I'm not gonna over analyze it this morning. Overall being sober is better for me and everyone who knows me. This I know but sometimes...my crazy thoughts work their way to the top of my thought order and I wish it took way more to throw me off! 
Thanks for the advice needed it.
Thanks for the reminder and congrats! I will not drink with you today :)
Thanks very much for the inspiring words!  I've not put myself in situations where I'm with my friends and alcohol is around.  Only recently it's becoming clearer in my mind that for me I MUST put sobriety above friends if necessary.  
Sobriety is the platform for me to grow in all aspects of my life. It has provided a new opportunity to freedom. It has been anything but boring...Thanks for sharing. I won't drink with you today!
Thanks for your post. 
Happy 5 months! 4 and a half here. I know some of the days are very weird but alcohol sure wouldnt make em better so WE ROCK!!!
