-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65iic3/saturdays_quote_stoicism_part_10/

Theme: Sticks and stones and Stoicism. ..Quote: 'Stand by a rock and insult it and what have you accomplished? If someone responds to insult like a rock what has the abuser gained with his invective?'  Epictetus..What it means to me:  Yesterday I asked my abusive ex husband for a favor. I knew it would go badly. I told everyone it would go badly. But I had to ask before I used other resources. Guess what? It went badly. I stood there as he berated me called me names cursed at me and used all of his weapons that he's honed over the years to make me feel guilty and horrible about myself. All the stoic training I have been doing over the past months added up to zilch when faced with my greatest demon. ..But that's ok. I'm not going to judge myself too harshly. For coming home and sobbing and feeling like I had a mental relapse. I did not drink. I thought about it but I didn't. Because I knew that all those things he said about me were his way of throwing daggers. I allowed it to hurt me. I'm disappointed but not broken. And I'm going to dust myself off and find different avenues to get what I need. ..He is not going to see me react to this flurry of insults with anything but decorum. I'm not going to insult him back. Get drunk. Drunk text him insulting things. Drunk post on Facebook about how horrible he is. Because his insults were about his feelings and his motives. Not about me. Go on and brush your shoulder off girl.   
----------immediate responses--------

I try and work the Stoicism myself it's like the Serenity Prayer but those close to me can still lite me up. Your ex knows what buttons to push but it looks like you did a good job. I bet in the past you might have a had a totally different reaction. It's a journey. Keep it up. The wisdom to know the difference you were prepared.
I can't control my reflexes.  I can choose my responses...The more often my purposeful response is chosen after my reaction and the speed with which I can do that are practiced the better I am at deflecting those barbs until they affect me no more.  ..Sounds like you're approaching that!
Stoicism and Buddhism really helps me deal with my Dad the family abuser/ anger addict. It's a bitch but I'm designing my own brain washing and drinking the Koolaid of my design is getting easier with practice...I cannot help my feelings but I can control my response. Reading (especially with dealing with abusers) and preparing 'canned' responses have helped a lot. Practice 
