-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65kyth/constant_relapse/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Can you go too a meeting? If you can't find an Aa meeting try looking for a Smart meeting. I know it tough out there try playing the tape forward what's going to happen if you drink? I'm new to this I still struggle and I don't have a lot of answers but I know Im a better person when I'm clean and that worth it. Stay strong I'm pulling for you! Ill not drink with you today just today. 
&gt; I don't know what my problem is...Maybe that right there is really the most important thing to get down to?  For me like it says in the AA book alcohol was just a symptom of MY condition.  ..Maybe if you hear something you don't like you could ask yourself "what is it about that particular message that bothers me" because after all they're just words right?..Anyway its a tough place to be.  I think the best thing to TRY is to look for the why when you're unhappy with a message or a person.  That answer is always within you and maybe finding the why will help you know the exact nature of your problem?..Best tip: keep in mind today is a great day to not drink :)
"I don't know what my problem is." IMO you want to drink more than you want to be sober. Spurts of AA ain't gonna do it. Jump in with both feet get a sponsor work the steps. Sitting in a meeting once in a while isn't going to keep any body sober. Do the work.Are you willing to go to any length to stay sober? Doesn't sound like it.
Hey I nearly relapsed this morning but I came here and got some support and im going to bed sober and im really happy.  I got some great support here
Have you gone to a variety of meetings? They are not all the same. Have you read the book or considered sponsorship? Meetings can be very helpful but they are not the program of alcoholics. The program is the steps. A sponsor could probably help you with your thinking about what you don't like about meetings. I am not trying to push you into aa or tell you you are doing it wrong just trying to address your concerns about AA since you mentioned it. 
