-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65lht3/21_year_old_girl_stopping_today_scared_and_need/

i feel a bit ridiculous making the desicion to go sober at 21. isnt that what youre supposed to do in your 20s? just get absolutely shitfaced all the time? i thought so too...not anymore...i had a really nice day today. its easter bank holiday in the uk and id organised a day out paintballing with 14 of my friends so last night (on a friday night!!!) i stayed in!!!! and i got up early!!! and i went out and had loads of fun sober with all of my friends!! naturally most people are wondering if we should all go for drinks or stay in afterwards most people chose to stay in...i realised when i was relieved. every single time ive drank lately ive been thinking before during and after "why am i doing this? i hate myself every time i drink why am i drinking?"..because when im drunk im funny i do silly things im adorable when im drunk! all blonde and messy. my friends call me 'the slug' because im usually found on someones couch under either coats or someones old sleeping bag. its cute! its funny! wouldnt be a party without me!..what people dont see is me when i get home. sleeping for 14-18 hours waking up shaking and feeling sick because i cant remember if i upset or offended anyone horrified at the fact i managed to drink an entire bottle of rum and then an entire bottle of wine and then polish off everything left in the kitchen. hilarious right?!..i used to look at people that managed to get as drunk as i can now and think how the hell do you get to that point? do you not know when youve had enough?.now i can never have enough. its a good job i cant do drugs (my ex died from it.) because im pretty sure id manage to go on 48 hour benders and still not so much as retch. its impressive one of the boys! a girl who can handle her drink is something a lot of guys desire. thats made me make a lot of ridiculously harmful decisions when im shitfaced. "oh im single so whatever"..the other night i got in a taxi with a random guy i met outside a club with the intention to drop him off on my way as everyone was struggling to get taxis apparently some guys dont realise thats what i actually mean. he started trying to hit on me touch my legs asking me to go back with him. i could barely even make out what he looked like. the taxi driver piped up with 'didnt you need to get cash out mate?' he said yes. the driver took him to a cash point asked me if i knew him or if i just wanted him to drive off i remember saying 'please go im scared' and he passed me a cigarette and said 'itll be okay love' as he drove away. will it be okay? it wouldnt have been okay if he hadnt been aware of what was going on. i barely knew where i was or what i was doing...nothing scary has happened yet but i know it will. nothing traumatic has happened yet but i know it will. i dont drink every day because i need to hold off the shakes but i know i will. i havent ended up in hospital yet but i know i will. and im terrified of the two paths my lives could take at this point...TLDR basically im just scared. has anyone else stopped this young or round about this age? im thinking of going to meetings will i be scoffed at? i feel like a total black sheep because everyone else seems fine when it comes to drinking like its just part of life. could really use someone to talk to...
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;nothing scary has happened yet ..I see many scary alcohol related consequences in your post. I was scared too. I't a good sign that you are! AA helped me a great deal. The only requirement is a desire to stop drinking. Scoffing  will NOT happen. 
Wow. I am so impressed by you. Honestly. I wish I had your self awareness at your age. I say try a meeting if you feel like it. No commitment. Keep posting here too.   
I think you've got a very good idea of why it is you want to stop drinking. There is nothing rediculous about going sober at 21. I am 24 myself and I could have spared myself three years of misery if I had quit at 21. There is nothing wrong with drinking per se but the fact that people are *expected* to drink is pretty rediculous in my opinion. The fact that young people are expected to drink large amounts on the regular is especially harmful and you shouldn't be embarrassed that it doesn't work for you. It's the perfect way to get yourself an addiction...Welcome!
Congratz on taking the first step! A lot of people aren't able to realize when enough is enough on their own and it looks like you're doing something really responsible for your health!..In terms of age I just turned 19. I just turned legal in my country and it's been extremely difficult telling people that I'm not drinking. It feels very scary at this age foreseeing a so-called life without something many adults can handle. My counsellor says it's easy to get caught up in that fantasy future. You're doing what's best for you right now. You have your whole long life ahead of you. Who knows if you'll drink at 50? Only you will know when you're 50. For now all you have to do is focus on today. It doesn't matter how young you are making a decision like this either long term or short is the most mature thing you can do. I will not drink with you today!
I've since disconnected from friends who I noticed I could only enjoy being around if I was drunk. Then the next day I couldn't connect or relate to them at all on a sober level. I have since recreated my life around people who I can laugh and be my true self with without drinking. And it was the greatest decision of my life.  The idea that we must drink in early twenties are just peoples ways to rationalize others into their group thinking. Create your own reality. I will not be drinking with you tonight.
I just shared a post here that today is 31 years sober for me. Just like you I got sober at 21. Just when I finally got legal here in the states and I'm already deep in my addictions. It was scary to think what life would be without alcohol. Now I can look back and i'm like "what was I thinking". Life has been great without it. I can't think of anything I worried about ever coming to pass.  Drinking is not a requirement to being an adult and if it is well been there done that I choose to not do that anymore so it's all good. When I was out there drinking everyday I thought I was young and living it up. It wasn't until I stopped that I realized I was just existing. There is so much to experience and do and see in life that if I was drinking I wouldn't bother to have done. Getting sober is the best thing I've ever done and if you choose to do the same thing I'm sure you will feel the same way. Try the meetings and keep posting here on SD. It's a great place to be.  
27 year old here. I wish that I stopped so young. Right now i'm really struggling keep myself sober. I will not drink with you today.
that's all you can ask of yourself! Awesome     
Good for you I'm 24. I wish I would have stopped when I was 21 because that is when shit got super real for me. I wish I could take back the last 3 years but it's part of life. The only think I have done is gotten drunk everyday . Barely "functioning".... I'm glad I stopped know because it was going to be the death of me. 
23 years old here if you don't take care of it now it will get worse. Take it from me I just lost my spouse due to my drinking. My wake up call happened too late.
I wish I would have realized earlier in life how much I don't need alcohol. So so so many bad decisions financially educationallylegally and just life in general. It scares me to think about how much further I would be in life had I not spent so much time drinking. In my 30s btw but things are already improving before it felt like nothing was going right now it seems like things are starting to click into place perfectly. 
I'm over double your age. It's never too young to stop! Go to meetings a lot of them. They all seem to have a different vibe. Here in the US some locations have different groups at the same location on different days or times. They each have a group name. So try to keep track of the groups you like/dislike. The message is all the same but the group conscience/vibe is unique. No one will scoff or make fun of you. Many old timers (myself) will be envious! Wish we could have/should have/would have at your age. There are also groups geared to beginners women only and young people. Beware the 13th steppers. Usually men that will hit on or more subtly befriend new females. Especially young females. Mixed meetings are great but for confiding or more personal stuff men with the men women with the women. Congrats on getting out before many truly bad things have happened. Good luck on your new life! I won't drink with you today! 
.&gt; horrified at the fact i managed to drink an entire bottle of rum and then an entire bottle of wine and then polish off everything left in the kitchen..I know this exact feeling so well!!! i got sober at 23 but wish i had at 21. I think it takes a strong person with a lot of self awareness to recognize it so early. It took a while but my life became so much better sober and I have never regretted it. I relate to so much of what you said and if I did it I know you can too :) &lt;3
Welcome!! I'm 20 and feel the same way you do. I've also put myself in such risky situations and I'm just glad nothing really bad has ever happened to me. We can do this together! I won't drink with you.
I am now 4 days sober at 28 and I WISH I would have had the foresight and strength to quit at 21. I haven't yet been to a meeting personally but I say go for it. Nothing to lose by trying it right? You've got this girl!
There's a lot of great advice and support already in this thread I don't know if I can add much besides to say that I'm 23 female and absolutely in your corner! I can't believe how much better my life became when I stopped drinking - almost by magic...Don't worry about your friends btw. Explain once why you're doing this and anybody who doesn't get it after that isn't worth it. ..Also I love all your exclamation marks about the cool stuff you do sober I do the exact same thing! Like I bake bread now! And volunteer! And my career just sort of took off by itself! Sex and parties are actually *better* sober!! Wtf!!..Also about the black sheep thing: when I got sober I realized my perception of young people and drinkers was warped because I was a young drinker. I was spending a good part of my free time drinking in bars with other people drinking in bars so that just became my worldview. Now that I don't drink anymore I've realized that youth and alcohol aren't nearly as closely tied as I thought. One of the places I volunteer at (I volunteer at multiple places???) is a sober printmaking shop / punk venue and I've been meeting a LOT of really cool people there who just don't really drink. I was lucky in that my boyfriend and most of my close friends were pretty light drinkers anyway but it's nice to meet new people too!..Best of luck! &lt;3
I am 21 too! For me personally there were a lot of things I did not like about myself when I drank. I would constantly feel embarrassed disgusted and awful the mornings after I drank. If you feel young to recovery always remember one thing: Everyone I have met attempting to be sober said they wished they had started earlier. 
I wish I caught my behavior at 21 and realized the path I was going down. But instead I said it was normal and OK because I was young and this is what young 20 year olds do. The thing is I never stopped and in fact doubled down to try and capture those cute and funny moments that by then had all gone away and were in the past. Cute and funny is the same behavior as sad and pathetic we just look at it differently because of age. 
[removed]
20 year old guy here (going on 21) this thread is what I really needed to see. One of the MAIN reasons it's been so hard to stop is because of the societal assumption that young men should be getting shitfaced and fucked up all the time...I've relapsed a countless amount of times my friends poke fun at me when I quit and say "LOL AGAIN WITH THE 180" but then they push the jokes aside and tell me "but man it's really not healthy to be constantly going back and forth with the alcohol or the weed stick with a decision m8."..It was always so easy to say to myself "well real alcoholics are mostly people in their 30's and up I'm young and RECKLESS so that's normal!" But in reality all it did was feed my self-hating feelings and continually destroy my physical well-being and make my anxiety 10 times worse in the morning...Anyways enough of my rant THIS thread right here is extremely encouraging. I was completely unaware that there are so many other young people my age who are going through the same thing. Let us UNITE as a new generation of sober adolescents!!!
I'm 23 and I can relate to so much of what you've written. I'm 2 almost 3 days sober and it's really completely necessary. Every time I drink I hate myself and I hate the drinking. 
I quit for the first time at 25.  Lasted 2.5 years.  Slowly but surely slid back down the slope to be (fortunately) stopped by pregnancy.  Only took 2.5 years after my son was born to be in an even worse place than the first time.  Was sober for 11+ years then took 6 years to dive again (the last three were a steep down).  If I had stopped for good when I stopped the first time I would have 32 years on me.  I still have 15 under my belt total but I do wish I'd had the fortitude to never start after that first quit.  ..Day by day this journey is.  A daily commitment which is manageable for me. Blessings on your journey.
I stopped drinking at 28.  I can only imagine how different my life might be if I'd only found the willpower to stop when I was 21.....Do this.
I'm 21 and almost three months sober best decision I ever made!!!
I stopped at 21 am now 37. Best decision though it was a bit forced at the time. The only regret I have is not stopping sooner. You are never too young to start being honest with yourself. Live your life with the clarity of mind that allows you to see the path you want.
I'm 23 and on my 2nd day of sobriety there's no shame in giving up this early. Good on you.
I wish I had the good sense to nip this in the bud that early. Good on you for being ahead of the curve! I'm 26 so I'm on the younger side. It's been nothing less than the best decision I've ever made in my life!
Thanks for sharing. I can relate to your story. I decided to get sober about two months before turning twenty three. Getting shit faced in your twenties seems to be the norm I think that's how I got away with being an alcoholic for years without being admitted. Most people would just think "oh she's young she's going to party." But when I became honest with myself I knew that I wasn't drinking just to party. There are other young people that go to meetings. There are also older people that go to meetings that say they wish that they had gotten sober sooner to save them from years of pain and misery. You will not be scoffed at if you go to a meeting you'll find people who will reach out and support you. There are many other people out there (including myself) that are not fine when it comes to drinking. You'll find your people when you become willing to look. 
I started trying to quit when I was 21 I just turned 23 and I finally have 4 months under my belt. I've found that a lot of people I know don't negatively judge me for quitting. Some are happy and a lot don't really care. I've gone to inpatient outpatient and a good number of meetings and the general sentiment from everybody is that it's awesome that I'm doing this earlier in life. I can honestly say that I've never had someone in recovery look down on me for not continuing to drink and let my problems keep getting worse.
I think you're a smart girl for realising when enough is enough. Im 25 I wish I stopped when I was your age. .You sound similar to how I was enough was never enough theres no point of stopping the 'fun'..Thats 4 years less of horrible decision making you'll get to enjoy here's what I've learned from one young sober girl to another. ..It's really awesome. You'll feel really proud of yourself when you can go out with friends and have a good time sober when you're face/skin looks awesome on a night out or any given day of the week because your skin is awesome as fuck because you don't drink! Your body will thank you for it by blossoming into total hotness (seriously I've lost like 5-6kgs this month. ..You'll know whether or not you actually want to pash/sleepwith/flirt with a person because your brain isn't clouded. ..If you go out you'll remember the whole night and have a way better time than you would if you were drinking because you'll remember it all and you'll feel acomplished asss fuckk because you didn't do anything you'd regret and you still looked like a hot babe at the end of the night because your face/outfit didn't get alcohol fucked. ..Boys will still try to buy you drinks you'll be all thanks babes I'll have a soda water with lime they'll look at you like "wtf" and you'll be like "I don't drink" and they'll be weirded out at first but they'll still buy you a soda with lime or even maybe not but then you can be all strong sassy not drunk bitch and buy your own soda with lime. Either way...You wont fuck up any relationships by making drunk decisions - it's awesome because I was a huge self sabotager "Oh you like me and you're handsome as fuck quick drunk brain lets fuck this up asap"..Anyway shit gets good when you stop drinking. Goodluck .
&gt; Isn't that what you're supposed to do in your 20s? Just get shitfaced all the time?..I know right? There is SO much pressure to drink in your 20s. It's insane. ..I'm 29 got sober almost a year ago at 28. As someone who spent their 20s being shitfaced... I really commend you for thinking about this now. I thought about getting sober at 24 25 26 27 practically every day because I hated drinking but couldn't stop. At 28 I was starting to drive drunk a lot and thinking about harming myself and that's when I knew I needed help. I did manage to hold down a job and graduate from college but really my 20s were not much fun because of all the drinking. I kinda feel like getting sober was like waking up one day from a haze and wondering where my 20s went. It was mostly a drunk blur. But I'm also glad I stopped when I did. I could've lost 20+ more years to drinking. ..I go to AA meetings and most people are in their 40s but there are some 20s and they even have a young people meeting on Saturday nights we all go to a diner afterwards for coffee and food and to talk. It's actually pretty cool. And hey the older folks are cool too. My sponsor is 45 and I swear he's more young-spirited than I am. ..I just met a woman in the program who celebrated 28 years sober recently. It was weird because she didn't look much older than 40. Turns out she got sober at age 14. So some people do get sober ridiculously young. It's doable :) ..
I eas touched by your story. I think it's amazing that even in yout young age you can understand the problem and are willing to change. I wish I was as smart as you! Keep up the good work!
Hey bit late but just wanted to say I'm 21 and have stopped drinking after starting at 14 I stopped after new years and had three months under my belt until unfortunately a close friend committed suicide at which point I relapsed (started with a glass of our favourite whiskey to toast him and snowballed from there) and have been slowly getting back to being sober over the past month. You are never too young to be an alcoholic and you are never too young to make the right decision believe in yourself and don't let others tempt you with the classic "are you sure you don't want just one drink?" They aren't there when it's bad so they don't know what that "one drink" means in the long run ! It's hard at first but as soon as you start seeing the benefits it gets easier and easier. I often force myself to walk through the gigantic alcohol aisles in the supermarket as a sort of personal challenge getting out the other end without eyeing up the special offers is a great feeling and even better it's free! Haha keep strong and set manageable goals I aim for a week then two then a month and most of all remember you are only human and mistakes happen treat them as learning experiences rather than dwelling on them as failures. Best of luck with your sobriety I will not drink with you today! 
I'm a 21 year old girl as well!!! My birthday was in march and I havnt had a legal drink. although I've been parting and going to bars for years. I've outgrown it i don't drink like my friends do and that's ok. Definitely try out some meetings! There are a lot more young people in recovery then you'd think! The fellowship of AA has saved my life/ we go out and have fun every other night  weather it be food bowling or music I honestly didn't know it was possible to have this much fun sober. And while these are the years I'm supposed to be drinking every weekend instead I'm making genuine connections and remembering every great moment. It gets easier! Best of luck to you! 
I was in my early 20s when I first wondered if I had a problem--but chalked it up to the social drinking that "everyone else was doing" (I know now that they really weren't). It took me another ten years to finally take a hard look at myself in the mirror and quit. My life would be completely different if I had quit when I was your age...I read this thing once about the culture of moderation that stuck with me. The nature of alcohol is that it is a drug that causes your brain to want more. So the drinking until you fall down is actually the normal part of drinking. Sure not everyone does but the point is that alcohol is like any drug--you start and you want more and more more. We condemn people for having alcohol problems as if there is something wrong with them. But the problem isn't with us. It's with alcohol which is a powerful mind-altering drug...Be kind to yourself love.
I originally stopped at 18 (28 now) but I didn't have any support and I was the only person in my group of friends who didn't drink so I started again about 6 months later. In my opinion the main difficulty in quitting when young is that most people don't really see many negative effects until they start to hit their mid 20s. I remember when I was 18 I could drink to the point where I would have to be carried home and then be fine the next morning with nothing more than a minor headache...As you get older more people start to "get it" as the hangovers get worse and more people quit drinking whether it's because they had a problem or for other reasons (e.g having kids)...As another person from the UK I think that our culture makes it especially difficult as whenever you have a group of friends meeting up it always seems to involve the pub which is kind of boring when you are sober. If you do end up going to the pub I would recommend having an excuse to get out of there ready if the cravings start...As to your question about AA I have never gone to a meeting as I find it almost impossible to open up to strangers (unless I'm drunk of course) but you might find it helpful if you don't have anyone else who will understand what you are experiencing. 
That's awesome that you're having this realization. Things will definitely get worse if you continue down this path and you know that (at 21!) . I thought I hit rock bottom changed for a few days then gave in. The rock bottom kept getting lower and lower until I decided to quit for good. Really humiliating and it's better to stop as early as possible. ..As for the people thinking you're "fun" when drunk - I hear you. I felt the same way until I realized I wasn't any "fun" when I drank not for myself at least. To others it might have been hilarious that I'm embarrassing myself...Here to support you!
You sound like me when I was 21 only you're thinking of stopping. I let myself be afraid for another good 6 years after that. And then I "quit" intermittently. I'm 33 now and quitting for good. (Two weeks done already.)..If drinking is causing you to feel fear listen to that emotion and stop. Just because other people don't experience that very real feeling of horror just because you're 21 and "supposed" to be drinking.. doesn't mean you have to. I've had complete meltdowns while drunk in front of close friends who I thought would totally be like "omg yeah totally don't ever drink again not after what you were like last night". But no.. They've said stuff like "everyone needs to wind down every now and then". Did you not see me screaming at ghosts in the street? Did you not hold me back while I tried to fight someone for something he didn't even do?..It's only your decision to make. But I would encourage you to seriously think about stopping. I wish I had at 21! It was my escape from my life though. Now my life is good; I need to stop escaping...Best of luck!
Despite similar warning signs I continued to drink for several years. I wish I had the courage and honesty to quit sooner so good on you for recognizing the problem. 
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." Anyone who scoffs is undeserving of your attention.  The dose makes the poison and I can't drink moderately.  I was doing myself and those around me a huge disservice by continuing to tread that path.  Coming to that realization at a young age is a blessing.  We all have different strengths and weaknesses.  There is nothing shameful about wanting to be at peace and healthy.
You said "everyone seems to be fine with it" and earlier in the post you said "no one sees me sleep 14 hours and then go home and finish a bottle of rum and bottle of wine" That sounds like me when I was drinking...I got sober when I was 19 and I'm going to celebrate my 21st birthday sober. Is this easy at this age? No. Is it easy at any age? No. Your sobriety is not invalid because of your age. You can have issues with drugs or alcohol no matter what age. When I first wanted to get sober I kept telling myself I wasn't an alcoholic because I'm too young(literally the only reason) but after being sober for 476 days; that was enough time for reflection and I can definitely say I'm an alcoholic.
