-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65o9fb/some_tips_for_a_struggler_please/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Out of respect for this sub's rules I'm going to assume you're asleep and will read this in the morning with a sober mind...&gt;Can you please tell me what you did to start healing?..Well that is certainly the right question. I realized after a time that I didn't really care what anyone *thought*. I just cared about what they *did* to stay sober. Here is what I did:..I accepted that as an alcoholic drinking is the most natural thing for me to do therefore I needed to practice "atypical" behavior. I was unable to do this myself (yes this is one of those things I could not do.alone). Me and alcohol magnetically attract so unless I put things in between me and alcohol and keep them there I. will. drink...They make kits for that and they are called "programs of recovery". I could take bits and pieces and put them between me and the alcohol and it would help a little but there was a certain how to say *critical mass* of things I had to put between me and alcohol to achieve stability. I would say that critical mass is roughly equivalent to...a program of recovery...I started trying to work a program of recovery and while my head was in it my heart was not. So more relapses and suffering and more and more ad nauseum. At some point I reached a jumping off point where I could neither see the way forward with or without alcohol. This lead to my surrender but certainly not out of virtue but rather desperation. "Fine I give up! I will do EVERYTHING in the "kit" this time."..After years of failure (almost a dozen rehabs and almost 1 year of sobriety 4 times) I finally worked a program of recovery all the way through to the best of my ability and without any lingering reservations and...I finally stopped relapsing...It takes more energy to get something to start to move than it does to keep it moving so continuing to work my program of recovery--what I call my "treatments" is much easier now than at the beginning plus I actually have come to like my treatments and somehow every hour I spend on it I get two back (I cannot completely explain this phenomenon)...There was no single direct "leap" to recovery despite my many attempts. Instead there were indirect paths. I took one of them and have stayed sober. It seems like magic but it isn't...This is what I *did* (and do) to stay sober. So far so good. :).
Hi friend! Welcome to SD! I'm 19days sober man. When I started I read many posted stories here and decided not to drink . I really understood the importance of stop drinking from stories of friends..After I started I come here to read stories and post mines every morning.That is so helpful to keep my challenge...I'm so much happier than before so I think you had better start right now..We are together...I will not drink today !
I hope you're doing okay!.I found that posting and reading on here really helped me reflect and reaffirm my decision. It's still the right one. It is something you really have to kind of work at and change your thinking about. ..Its a bit harder for us younger ones too I feel because there's a pressure or an expectation on us to be partying etc and that can really fuck with your emotions and Im sure with bipolar that would be even more heightened. ..Good luck and you can do it. Xxx be kind to yourself.
I had to be honest with my Doc about my addiction.  He was a great help. Then I had to replace my addiction habits with sober habits and practice practice practice until living sober was as much second nature as drinking alcoholically.  I also had to accept that the transformation would take time like any other behavioural change and therefore accept that patience would be required.  Finally I found a group who had successfully stopped drinking and I threw myself in with them and followed their good examples of how to achieve what I wanted.  This way I was transformed from hopeless alcoholic to happy sober recovering human. 
&gt; Can you please tell me what you did to start healing?..Amazingly insightful question! First thing I had to come to grips with the fact that I could not control what would happen if I took even a single drink. I had to find a way to not take that first drink...Once I realized that the easiest way for me to stay sober was to hang out with other people who are staying sober it became pretty easy and my life started to change almost immediately...I located a HUGE number of people trying to stay sober at a place I prayed I would never have to go at an AA meeting...I walked in and they looked happy! It had to be a fraud. No one especially people who could not Drink could be Happy could they?..They greeted me! God I hated that I did not want anyone to SEE me at the meeting what if I saw someone I recognized?..Well some one said they had a few months and someone else got a coin of some kind for SEVEN YEAR'S of sobriety. ..Oh BS No one can stay sober for that long can they? Maybe they can...These people laughed and did not judge me just said "Hi Welcome Want a cup of coffee"?..That was in 1983. I was 24...Still sober still go to meetings. A lot of people recognize me...
