-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/65ydbd/day_one/

I've done this day before. ..My face is full of road rash from Friday night. It doesn't take a genius to tell that these bicycling accidents I have are 100% due to drinking...Everyone knows I'm a drunk it's a small town and my brother was a drunk before me. He's been sober for a few years now. He went from death's door to being happy and successful. I went further and further into it trying desperately to not be noticed and failing most the time. But I live far away from family and have always kept a steady job. I've kept all my rock bottoms just hidden enough and avoided people or situations that would call me out...I'm counting this as day one because I could do nothing but lay in bed with extreme anxiety and sweats and the same conclusion I've come to before- this is going to kill me. Even if I stop this addiction might still kill me. My relapse is constantly staring me in the face. I still don't even feel totally sober yet but I can actually walk today. So we start today...It feels like I've already ruined my life and that accounts for the last 3 or 4 years drinking. Drinking to drown out the pain of drinking. And over over and over. I look and feel 10 years older than I am. I'm exhausted by the mental strain of trying to moderate and always failing and feeling worse than ever before...But today I will do something I have not done in many years. I am going to a meeting at 7. In past experiences I don't even try to talk past the usual introduction because I will cry so hard it's unintelligible. But my goal is to just go and be there maybe get a temporary sponsor if I can. And then go again tomorrow. And do whatever I have to do to save myself. And hopefully someday feel like I was worth saving...I hate this first day. .Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not just speaking for myself when I say the first day is hell. But through the support I receive on SD and my own distractions I've made it farther then I could've ever imagined. You can do it too. You have all the support in the world here. I wish you the best.
Sorry you're down. It might be hard to see right now but you are strong and resilient. You have what it takes to make powerful personal changes. One moment at a time. One day at a time. Taking positive steps forward no matter how small they might seem move you toward your healthy goal. ..If you have access to a doctor try to see them soon. It will ease your mind. Keep coming to SD. It helps to read stories from people exactly like you (and me). Vent or talk about your successes. It is all part of the path...You deserve happiness and compassion. Be well. I will not be drinking with you today.
Welcome friend! Thank you for sharing your story.We are all together. I'm so happy to decide to make today your day 1!..I will not drink with you today !
Hang in there. You can do it. And you can do day 2 and then day 3. I try to let each day be its own day and feel good about making it. I already want to drink tonight but I'm not going to. I won't drink with you tonight. :)
Keep on keeping on! I'm sorry you are struggling I'm struggling too. It sucks!! This sucks! But it's better than laying in vomit or puking every single day of my life. Haven't puked in 20 days. You can do this! We are all in this together! Stay in this place. This sub is unbelievable epic!
And don't be too hard on yourself. Rather be proud you're courageous enough to tackle this problem which we all share. 
I've crashed twice since I started biking 8 months ago. Both times I was drinking. Both times I flipped over my handle bars. I had road rash in multiple places on my wrists fingers elbows my face and the deepest on my knee. my hip would slightly dislocate on occasion and I couldn't even life my arm up past my waist. It's been a long and hard five months now but thankfully all the scars on my face have disappeared. I couldn't imagine having my face that fucked up for life. I have full rotation back in my arm but the flexibility is not 100%. I hope in time it'll return to normal. the scars on my arms still remain but aren't as dark as before. I don't mind though because that part is less visible compared to my face. also my knee which was the worst wound. It still feels irritated when I shower. come to think of it my hip hasn't bothered me in a good while. I guess what I'm saying is in time hopefully you'll heal as well. stay safe and I won't drink with you today   
You can do this. You have tremendous courage and thank you for posting here. We are all with you tonight and moving forward. 
Funny how we tell ourselves that keeping a job and hiding our struggle means there isn't a problem. I was there too for a long time. ..You've made a big step. Stick to it. You deserve to see the successes further down this road. ..Just keep going    
