-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/660bia/went_to_my_first_meeting_after_95_days/

Three months in and I thought I was out of the danger zone. Then on Saturday I got to thinking that my whole family was going out of town for a week and by coincidence I was going to have a light week at work...Suddenly I was overcome by a powerful craving. I was shocked by how intense it was. I could visualize myself sitting in the living room chilling out and getting buzzed for the whole week. The vision seemed so clear it was like my subconscious was already planning it. ..I kept the craving at bay for the rest of the weekend but by last night I knew it wasn't one of those passing moments. I kept running through my list of reasons for quitting and "playing the tape forward". I came here to remind myself how people feel after they relapse. But somehow it all seemed less real and less important than blowing off all responsibilities with a few citrusy IPAs. ..I started with the rationalizations - nobody will ever know it's a one-time thing you don't have to be a role model you deserve a break... you know how they all go...All day today I have been almost tasting the first sip of beer and feeling that sigh of relaxation in my muscles as the anticipation becomes real. That 5 o'clock moment we all know so well. No matter what I was doing half my mind was focused on the nearest liquor store how many I would buy how it would feel.....So I made a deal with myself. I would go to a SMART meeting from 6pm to 7.30pm and see how I felt afterwards. If nothing else I would stay sober for a couple more hours...Well I went. And it worked. When it was my turn to talk I said how I was feeling and people nodded sympathetically. I didn't feel so alone. I still wanted to drink afterwards but the feeling was less intense and I chased it away with a greasy hamburger as a treat to myself...Now the liquor stores have closed and it's approaching bedtime. I've made it through another day thanks to SMART and most of all thanks to all of you guys. I come here every day and it's so special to know that thousands of people around the world know how I feel and are helping each other to find a way through...Here's to not drinking today - or tomorrow!.
----------immediate responses--------

I had a very similar experience around 90 days myself...this stuff is madness! Things get easier! Then they get harder. Then they get easier again! Nice work riding it out I know I'll probably be there again before too long...You should be proud of yourself. I know first hand what it's like so I'm proud of you too!    
Good for you! Congratulations.
Kudos. Well done. AA can be amazing for reasons just like this. Carry an AA local schedule book (or just Google it) there's one nearby more often than not depending on where you are.
82 days here. Had my strongest craving in weeks today. Also treated myself to greasy food. A french toast breakfast with eggs and bacon at 4pm. It's weird how easy it is sometimes to simply replace an alcohol craving with a food one. Seems to do the trick. 
AWESOME.
[removed]
