-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/663qlh/relapse_coming_on/

I can feel it and that badge is wrong. I drank on Easter. I didn't count it because it's counter-productive for me... or is it. I want one today it's raining and I know I can have 1-2 and then be fine... but I also know I will do the same thing in a few days and then a few more.. and then BOOM. I'm throwing up in my bathroom and can't get the kids on the bus in the morning. Alcohol sucks... WHY CAN'T I BE NORMAL? UGH... ..Just needed to vent.
----------immediate responses--------

Not drinking with you. It will be okay. 
Don't do it!! I just relapsed as well and now know that feeling of it coming on. I won't drink with you today. Maybe try and focus on something else... anything to get your mind off it 
I understand your feelings of wanting to be normal. I wouldn't worry about the counter the only thing that matters is today. 
It could be worse than drinking 1 out of 105 days. You can easily get back from this :) I will not drink with you today. 
Keep reading this thread. Read over the stories as long as you have to. It's what's kept me sober when I felt on the verge of slipping before.
Not worth it I had 95 days and blew it. Back to 10 now wish I hadn't done it. 
Not drinking with you today.. or tomorrow.  But let's focus on today.  If you can go 100 days you can go 10000 if you keep the focus and the commitment.  There is a reason you drank on Easter and it goes beyond just wanting to or giving in to cravings.  Find that reason and get back to work.  This is normal.  You are probably more normal than most.  Truly moderate drinkers are not normal in my view.
Keep coming back here.  I'm here for you we all are.  I won't drink with you today   
There really is no normal person.  Every single person has things they do better than most people and things they can't do as well as others.  I am a good skiier but I can't stay up on a snowboard for two seconds.  I am a good public speaker but can't drink just one drink.  Used to wish I could.  But I am all the things I do well along with the things I can't do.  I don't want to wish for the things I can't do and I am grateful for the things I can do.  But yeah alcohol sucks.  
I won't drink with you today.  Sobriety is my first priority for today hoping you don't have a drink today is my second.
Think back to your most embarrassing drunk memory or sometime you really felt terrible because of drinking. Do you really want to go back to something that made you feel that way? ..I'm here with you and understand your struggle. You're strong and can overcome these cravings - you have before ..
