-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/669idz/just_over_9_months_in_been_having_some_really/

I've been sober for just over 9 months and for large chunks of it I've gone without thinking about drinking for days weeks at a time except for the odd passing thought here and there. But lately I think over the last 1-2 weeks the cravings have crept up really insidiously. I found myself thinking a lot about drinking tonight and the past few nights. It takes me aback in that it's almost not a strong obvious craving but this thought/idea that doesn't even seem out of place. I feel a bit like I felt right before the last time I relapsed and started drinking again. I know how that went - 3ish months of increasingly intense/awful blackouts hangovers poor attempts at moderating and wishing every single day that I could stop drinking. I know it's bad and I know how awful it would feel to drink again after all of this work I've done the past 9 months to NOT drink. ..I guess little things have been slipping lately and I haven't paid enough attention - I've been eating worse exercising less socialising less studying less. I've been less interested in talking to people at work I've been mainlining coffee I'm tired all the time. I've been wasting a lot of time staring at my phone or scrolling through Reddit. I've been spending a lot less time here as well - instead of coming by every day it's been more like once a week if that. I forgot how important coming here regularly seems to be for reinforcing my sobriety. ..This post is very me-focused and self-involved but I hope other people can relate to this. I guess I have to focus on getting back on track with being active and protective of my sobriety because without that there is no solid foundation for anything else in my life to rest on.  I am lucky in that I have an amazing partner and family and friends and I owe it to them as well as to myself to stay sober because they all had to deal with me drunk in various awful ways and I don't think anyone wants to go back to that. Also my dog has never seen me drink and I would hate to disappoint him lol. Anyway thanks heaps to anyone that reads this I hope everyone is having a good night/day wherever you are and I will join you in not drinking today! :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this with us. You are very insightful about why it is happening now. I know I will use your truth to help me down the path...I won't be drinking with you today!
Last time I had 4 months and then relapsed and your experience sounds very very familiar to me.   Yet here you are:  you found the strength and inner voice to come here and share.  I wish I knew about this place then but I do now.  And by coming here you just had a huge win.  I am not going to be drinking with you today!.
Thanks for sharing this its a theme i am learning to deal with as well. .Hang in there and I wont be drinking with you today... 
Self-awareness is your super power! You've just pinpointed exactly what you know you need to do. Me and the dog are both proud of you! :)
Thank you for sharing I'm going through a similar struggle at 10 months. The cravings have just skyrocketed the last 2 weeks or so more intense than any I've ever had in more than six years of working towards sobriety. Luckily for me I've developed a pretty strong aversion to alcohol I get sick at the thought of indulging in hard liquor but one day that could dissipate so must remain vigilant. Good job for posting and thank you for my sobriety.
Same here! Both on the time frame and the cravings. I run a mile every morning but I've been skipping it more than often and feeling generally more downtrodden than I had over the last few months. The rational part of me knows alcohol will make it worse but I wouldn't be here in the first place if I was all that great at listening to her  . I don't have any answers for you but it really gave me hope to read your account and realize I'm not alone. Stay strong my friend. I look forward to not drinking with you today.
I can totally relate. I have always had a hard time with long term motivation and can forget that effort begets more effort. It sounds like you're identifying where the cracks in your positive feedback loop are appearing. Each of them are kind of small on their own--a missed workout a bit of extra time wasted staring at a device but if you're like me you may know those are the insidious hallmarks of decline at the expense of growth. Danger that way lies!  A few weeks ago I broke my regular gym schedule due to some travel and then being sick. I started to rationalize why I could skip one more day of exercise and it made me realize how precarious all of my gains since I quit drinking are. Like you said it just takes the effort to refocus to actively take control. You've got this!
Thanks for sharing - hope you can get past the cravings. I will not drink with you today.
Hey buddy hang in there. Remember it's entirely your choice. Choose not to drink and be strong. I'm struggling right now as well but keep telling myself it's my choice and I need to choose right.
Reading your post I see you list several things you are doing less of i.e. exercising studying.  I am speaking from my experience when "not drinking" became "being super human". I noticed that when I was drinking and hungover most of every week there was no room for anything else except survival and bare minimum meeting of work/family needs. Going from that lifestyle into super human mode was a shock to my psyche. Now I do a little more on days I have the energy and rest on days when I have less. Hope this makes sense and helps put things in perspective as it did for me. Not drinking with you today.
Posts like yours are one of the reasons SD is so essential to me. As I  inch towards 9 months I feel myself experiencing some of the things you describe. Thank you for putting this out there   it really helps me know what to expect. Time for me to start paying attention again   and giving myself some relax time too! 
