-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/669z78/just_got_out_of_treatment_relapsed_almost/

So as the title says I just got out of a treatment facility after 14 days. I went to a meeting Sunday night and felt a lot better about things going forward. For absolutely no reason at all I stopped and grabbed a six pack. Just a test I thought maybe I'm not really as bad off as I thought I was. How very very wrong that decision was. Woke up Monday morning and continued to drink throughout the day. Spent all day yesterday trying to sober up and went to a noon meeting. I've got a fairly busy day today including an appointment with my therapist. There is no question in my head anymore about what I need to do. Complete abstinence. Starting over today just going to make it one day at a time... ..EDIT: Thank you guys for all your support and messages. I talked with my sponsor and my therapist about what I did today. I'm not going to beat myself up over it because that isn't going to change what happened but I've definitely got a new attitude going forward. I'm going to see my friends new baby and then heading to a meeting at the clubhouse that thankfully is only about 5 minutes away from my house...I will not and have not drank today.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like a good plan.  I also know that alcohol is not for me.  Not any amount ever.
I had similar "experiments" over the years when trying to stop. I discovered a pretty fundamental truth: I'm an alcoholic. Once I start drinking I can't seem to stop and once I stop I can't stay stopped. I'm either drinking or thinking about drinking...For me I need a program of action to help break this vicious cycle and create a positive feedback loop in all my affairs. SD was and had been a great support but getting plugged into meetings in my area was the key to showing my a solution...It helped me to stop letting my emotions dictate my actions. Instead I was able to start living right which  I led to right thinking and feelings. I won't drink with you today!
Those short-term treatment programs have VERY low success rates and have been instituted in the wake of ever-increasing pressure from the insurance industry. Understand that it's a huge financial/time commitment to enter a long-term in-patient treatment facility and that that may not necessarily be an option for you but certainly something to consider. Otherwise without enough support outside of 12-step programs moving forward it will be an incredibly difficult journey moving forward. This was a great learning experience and certainly something you needed and maybe this is exactly/all you needed to recommit to long-term sobriety. Just be sure to not beat yourself up over it and realize that despite what anyone tells you to the contrary relapse prevention and harm reduction ultimately affords the likeliest chance for you to attain success over a long period of time. Best of luck. 
I did the exact same thing. I got out of treatment and immediately drank for a month straight until I ended up in the hospital again. Even saw my therapist a couple of times in that span (apparently she called me out on it but I denied it). ..Something just clicked I knew I'd be dead if I kept drinking and finally just asked for help and truly did everything that everyone suggested meetings sponsor journaling SD. ..I believe in you! 
As much as I hate it I begin to see it as an allergy. I can buy and eat peanuts but I'll die if I do. If I would be allergic to peanuts I wouldn't go buy a small pack to see if I'm cured. I wouldn't go to "The Peanut Barn" and look at people eating peanuts. I could go to a restaurant where some of the meals have peanuts in them but I would be really cautious to not order something with peanuts...As much as I would like to eat peanuts I just can't. It will kill me. Peanuts would kill me in a couple of hours. Alcohol would kill me in a couple of years that's the only difference.
Welcome back welcome back welcome back!.There is power in the return; keep coming back. We'll be here. :)
I did the exact same thing after I had about 8 months sobriety (living situation made drinking verboten).  I was even planning my first night of drinking before I left.  I'm really glad to hear that you are already committing yourself to abstinence--I was a fool and tried to moderate and failed for years.  I am really finding This Naked Mind (free ebook DL on r/h margin) to help with changing my attitude towards alcohol.  I am starting over today too and I'll commit to not drink with you tonight..
