-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66dxx3/aayay_or_nay/

Hi everyone. So I've been visiting this sub for a while now and have on and off sober time but get to a point I forget I'm an alcoholic and try to moderate it never works. I recently spoke with a couple friends from back in the day who are a year sober with AA. I let them know my struggle staying sober and they are really pushing me to go to a meeting. I keep putting it off and hesitating to make the commitment. Part of me thinks it's a bit "much" and I feel like I'm one of the folks that won't jive with the intensity of this program. What are your thoughts? To those that are in AA what do you like and not like about it? To those that stay sober without AA how are you doing it? I feel like accountability is a good thing but there's the time commitment away from my family. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
First of all welcome! Everyone is different but speaking for myself I wanted to stop drinking for quite a while but I wanted to do it in the way that was most convenient for me (see: doing as little as possible). It took many instances of vowing to stop followed by trying to moderate before I realized that I had to do something drastic if I wanted to live a happy life free of alcohol. I started getting honest with my therapist and doctor and started attending meetings and I haven't looked back. ..One thing I learned about myself in my first few months of sobriety is that if I go into a situation and focus on the things that are "unacceptable" to me chances are I will end up disliking that thing. If I go to the gym and focus on the one machine that is broken or the guy who is making weird noises and not wiping down the equipment chances are I will leave the gym unhappy. But if I focus on what I can get out of it and realize that I can't control how other people act I will get a good workout and leave clear-headed and happy. So are there certain things about AA that I don't see eye to eye with? Sure but to me it doesn't do me any good to focus on these things. AA is huge so I am bound to run into people who rub me the wrong way on occasion but when I remind myself that they are like me in that they are trying to escape this horrific disease suddenly those feelings go away. ..I also want to add that going to one meeting does not commit you to being an AA member for life! :) If you go to a meeting and decide it isn't for you no harm done right? Whatever you decide to do I will not drink with you today!
I'm fresh to this whole sober thing. I started going to AA the day I got out of detox. I go nearly everyday. I don't partake in the prayers but respect that people do. I find the friendliness and companionship with like minded people very helpful. I honestly probably would have started back up if it weren't for meetings even though I'm in an out patient program. It doesn't work for everyone but it works for me...There is one thing I noticed with people who continually relapse in this subreddit. They don't get outside help with AA SMART or other groups out there. Good luck I will not drink with you tonight. 
AA was a bedrock of support to help me stop and learn to live sober (two different things)...I take the best and leave the rest...Support tools resources fellowship and Solid Sober Friends!
I started going I September and I'm so glad I did. It gave me a chance to get to know the program and develop some good habits (sharing talking to a sponsor calling people etc.) ..My father fell ill and suddenly died last month and I flew across the country to be with him. AA got me through that first week. I cried my way through a dozen meetings and everyone offered me so much support. It is an amazing priceless network of people thinking about how to live their lives in a spiritually fulfilling way. 
I was extremely apprehensive about AA. I attended an athiest/agnostic meeting and it was actually incredibly helpful and not at all what I expected. I think being surrounded by people who understand what you are going through IRL is refreshing. This sub along with Naltrexone has helped me stay sober but I would definitely recommend one and if it's not for you no prob no commitment. You don't even have to talk. Also there are lots of different meetings (such as women/men/LBGT youth etc.) especially in cities so if one meeting doesn't work you could try another. :) happy sobering
