-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66epe7/i_relapsed/

After nine days. I feel like shit. I don't know why. I was actually having a really good day and things were moving smoothly for me. I wasn't stressing over anything dumb. I didn't have anything particularly bothering me. I was at a really nice meeting with my sponsor and was all in all feeling good then I drive home. Maps took me right by my regular liquor store. I saw it as a sign to drink and out of nowhere made a turn into the parking lot. Reality my liquor store is like two seconds from my house I pass it all the damn time. I sat in the car it was eight fifty ten till close I called my sponsor and my number 2 go to. Neither answered so sign number 2. Reality my sponsor was just with me not ten minutes before at a meeting doubt he thought I had an emergency situation my other guy was in a meeting. I ran in at eight fifty 8 was asked by the counter lady where I'd been laughed bought my usual and left. Why? I was committed to staying sober not even an hour before? Anyway not trying to waste your time just giving the details before my main question. I don't want to stop AA and I don't want to fall back in but that means I need to tell someone about my relapse right? Or should I just keep this to my grave keep working and doing meetings and hopefully stay sober? I don't really want to tell my sponsor cause he's gonna be like WTF man you were fine and I'm gonna be like I know I thought so to and then he's gonna tell me I'm hopeless. Ya I know that's probably not gonna happen but I still feel shitty and I'm not sure what I should do next. Any advice helps thanks Reddit.
----------immediate responses--------

That's rough. I wouldn't keep it to yourself. You'll be carrying the wait of that around and it won't be helpful. Many people slip and your sponsor should be very supportive and help you get back up. Did your group give you a list of numbers? Even if it isn't your #1 or #2 anyone at that point would have been helpful.
Hey! Listen this whole thing is not easy for anyone. We all have our weak moments. This is a really shitty disease! We all fall down my friend that's apart of life! Here's some awesome advice I keep dear with me. It's okay to think you failed. Like you relapsed that's a fail that's a setback. But that in no means makes you a failure. At all. You fail when you quit. Take some time you yourself and really and truly believe in yourself that next time will be the time you get better!!
I relapsed after two weeks. For the next two weeks I drank every few days each time for no good reason except that I wanted to nap. I didn't have a sponsor yet but my boyfriend who is in AA could tell every time so I had to talk about it. I think that helped keep me accountable so I think it would have helped if I'd had a sponsor to tell. ..Addiction is all about shame and denial and hiding. A big part of the cure in my mind is honesty and openness and your sponsor will hopefully be understanding. ..Don't be too hard on yourself. Relapse is a part of recovery; each time it happens you have learned something about yourself. Talk about it with someone you trust (hopefully you trust your sponsor if not you might need a new one). 
I'm not an AA person but my understanding is that your sponsor (or other people at the meeting) could help you to better understand why this happened and thus help you to not let it happen again.I'd be inclined to fess up...Also for what it's worth it seems like one of my triggers is when everything is unexpectedly good. It gets my brain thinking that I'm in control and pretty happy and --hey-- do you know what would taste really great with happy...? The same thing that many people have with happy and it's NO problem! Etc. 
I relapsed this weekend after 3 weeks and considered not saying anything but called my sponsor and now have 3 days.  I've had under 30 days for 3 months now.  It hurts every time and it feels embarrassing  but no one will judge you for coming back and starting over.  I slipped last year at 3 months and hid it for 6 more months even took a 6 month chip.  Then I stopped going to meetings and I slipped BADLY.  I've decided as long as I still have a desire to stop drinking I'll never keep it to myself again.
