-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66juf4/i_am_the_3/

The 3% is from my last post about leaving detox when the nurse told me that relapse rate was 97%. While in detox I switched phone numbers with the other alcoholics in there with me for support and we really had formed a friendly bond while in there. Over the past 2 days I have been getting calls and texts. ..All of them have relapsed except for me. My heart goes out to them I feel horrible. I am still shaking my body aches still some minor withdrawal symptoms. I feel happy I haven't relapsed but I feel.... guilt? Ashamed for sticking it out? My sister a former heroin addict told me that feeling is normal it's like survivor's remorse. I feel so sad and the urge to drink is rather strong. I have decided not to talk to these people at least not anymore today. ..And I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! to the in the 3%!  be proud! and hang in there.  I will not drink with you today!
Keep strong my friend. Staying in that 3% will be a huge achievement. I will join you in not drinking today. 
That nurse should be fired.  I've heard that stat and it's bullshit.  Other peoples relapse has no effect on my sobriety.  I haven't drank or used today and that's a win.  
I didn't pay much attention to the statistics of my remaining sober I decided that remaining sober was my choice no matter how hard it might seem at first. The only stat that motivated me was one that suggested that relapse probablity drops with sober time which motivated me to start building distance between me and my last drink by remaining sober day by day. ..Another thought that helped me keep going was that no matter how hard remaining sober might seem in the moment I knew the truth was that if I drank I'd be bringing even more hardship on myself. Thankfully things did get easier for me progressively as I adjusted to living sober...I'll be keeping today sober right along with you. I am so very grateful to my past self for hanging in there when the going was tough nice one for sticking it out!
Kudos for 9 days!                  ..I think her percentage of relapse is pretty high but oh well I am with you as part of the 3%. I have never relapsed. It is possible to stay sober although I never could have done it on my own. A therapist rehab outpatient and involvement in AA gave me the tools to build a sober happy life. 
I heard a stat similar to that in rehab.  I didn't really believe it.  Most people seemed really motivated to quit on the inside.  Many people however reverted to old behaviors which led to relapses.  Some headed straight to the liquor store as soon as they left the building. ..When we got out I stuck with people who had aftercare plans and workeded on them. They soon were few and far between.  I found that I had to distance myself from many people.  I did not go to rehab to make friends  I let them know where they could find me.  AA may not be for everyone but it was there for ME when I needed it the most.  .As of about a year ago I was only aware of one other person who was at rehab with me (out of around 100) who had not relapsed.  I went and shared at his one year meeting and run into him every now and then in the strangest situations.  The thing is if you had asked me to guess who that one other person would be I would never have picked him.  .I remember them telling us in rehab "there's no way to know who will suceed".  Try not to think about stats or odds. They may be discouraging but the only demonstrate a possibiliy not a reality.  Just do the right thing every time.  In every situation.  The right thing for me is to not take that first drink.  The rest has been easy! ( /S)
Man she needs a different job if that's her attitude. I see you're at 9 days.. you'll be in the double digits tomorrow! That's a big accomplishment! Don't think too much just keep slowly but steadily moving forward. You can do this and any moment you feel like slipping up come visit this community. There are always people here to help and empathize with you. I am not drinking with you tonight. 
Breaking the cycle for me meant doing things differently. I still had aches and WD up to 15 days in or so. I so very much agree with your decision not to talk with your relapsing detox acquaintances. I needed a positive outlook that I was going to make it. r/sd helped me immensely with the information I needed to **stay** sober. Best wishes and I won't drink with you today.
Moos and Moos research demonstrates that 21 weeks of treatment or AA during first two years of recovery results in 70+% sobriety 16 years later.  Your success rate is really up to you and what actions you are willing to take.  Treatment and connecting with others in recovery are great steps.  Keep it up.
Awesome to hear you are still at it. The others may get there but this time can be the last time for you. The deck is not stacked against you my friend. You deserve the chance you have in front of you right now. 
If you are convinced that you can't ever drink or use like a "normal" person then those statistics don't apply to you your chances are much much greater. ..And it's tough seeing people you care about relapsing but just take it as a gift from them. You get to preview a situation you could easily put yourself in.
[removed]
