-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66kfuw/2_months_its_been_a_trip/

Two months ago I went into work drunk. Stumbling slurring how did I drive there drunk. I worked with children so as you can imagine the choice was an especially poor one.  I lost my job but went on a two day bender so I could freeze time; I was tormented by the thought of the consequences. Two days after receiving a mandatory breathalyzer with my boss in the lobby of a Care Now I sat up all night shaking staring into the dark determined not to drink. That morning I finally made the phone calls that brought me into the  after I lost my job  stage of my 20's... I'm an Ivy league grad with a problematic family. My sister's a completely helpless bulimic who suffers from depression and hears voices. My dad's bipolar but had the mania electro-shocked out of him when I was a child so we only got the rage. My brother is an eccentric alcoholic with multiple DWIs who was at that time jobless. And my mom's an over-caffeinated Catholic who's cranked up to 100 all the time. We're just another small town working class household with a touch of strife. ..I imagined myself as their shining star. The town's only Ivy League student in 15 years! Great grades at a great school! Fearless traveler ! Formidable aspiring artist! Competent and impactful educator!..Boy did I look good on paper. I had to be. I spent my formative years barreling forward through life with wholly feigned confidence and determination saying-  fuck it. I've got this   despite my serious inhibitions and deeply fortified insecurities.  I spent so much time pretending that life was all good. That I was okay.  I thought that's what we needed. ..When I left college I developed a nightly solo drink-till-you-drop habit that I managed to keep up and conceal for two and a half years. Drinking was good from the first drop. It was a time for me to not be me. It's like time didn't exist.  I'd come up for a breath of air during work hours then dive right back in. I didn't have to process my sister's suicide attempt or my brother's newest arrest. I didn't have to lean into my loneliness. That swarm of insecurities that trailed me as I trudged through life dissipated but  with it took my productivity and passion for anything. ..I've had so much good in my life I didn't deserve. I have amazing friends around the country. I take excellent and exciting vacations.  I had a good job. My bossed loved me. I made some real change for my students even when I wasn't giving it my all.  ..After I lost my job I wanted to pack up everything that day and drive 32 hours back home to my little podunk down in New York then repress the memory and live on like it never happened. I was distraught and desperate to alleviate my guilt and shame. I wanted it to disappear... I didn't do that...Instead I  put myself into an inpatient behavioral center. EEK.. It was a loony bin straight out of the movies. Characters included Koolaid an ex-con who hid sugar packets under his bed and sweet talked the nurses. Rufus a geriatric who frowned constantly peed his pants and  tried to have me help him escape. Kristina who because she was convinced she was an angel of God didn't need to eat. And my roommate who had two identities and could be found periodically emerging from our room wearing my clothing or in her bed clutching my pants and concealing my socks in a bag. ..The  treatment  overall was more stressful than helpful. I saw the doctor for approximately 4 minutes during my week long stay. They handed out pills like candy. Beyond one employee's any  groups  that took place were a joke. The place was a breeding ground for anxiety and I spent my days curled up in the corner trying to look inconspicuous while I was barraged by socialization and the sensory stimulation of it all. ...At the end it put a $3000 hole in my pocket. Would NOT recommend. But despite the lack of treatment I emerged with some sort of perspective and an appreciation for the small gestures the patients and staff made to me. Before I left Koolaid gifted me contraband colored pencils as he left the nurses hung up my still-lifes on their station and Rufus held my hand and told me he'd miss me when I left. I left feeling uplifted by those little moments. ..Telling people was scary. But I feel even more dumb because everyone met me with unwavering support. Again I'm luckier than I deserve. I wouldn't describe my slate as clean but I feel less encumbered by my secrets. Got a new job and all that. Sticking to the meds.  Now I'm trying to live  the day to day and  get used to the idea that I'll have ups and downs. I'm busy trying to turn this  after I lost my job  part of my 20's into my  sober  and  getting ripped  and  developing meaningful relationships  and  dealing with my emotions  part of my 20's...I wrote this post in a real depressed state at the start.I  haven't been able to get much done this morning and I ate some not good food choices. Then I wrote this and I checked out the SD page and feel A LOT better. Ya'll inspire me. Your stories give me hope and your resilience and positivity (which I seriously struggle with) make me feel like it's gonna be alright...* cue kendrick/obama* https://youtu.be/18wUjcH4PIg..Just over here trying to figure out what life is ya know? I guess I'll buck up and go to the gym and my improv class today and decide to be excited and not terrified that two of my friends who don't know  are flying in tomorrow. ..Peace..
----------immediate responses--------

Great read and congrats on two months!! It sounds like you've got a really great attitude. Sobriety gives me a kind of underlying optimism at all times because I know the future is better sober no matter what happens. 'At least I'm not drinking' has comforted me in some hard times.  ..It's kind of fun figuring out what life is. I'm not drinking with you today!
Dude yeah you know you made the right decision. Hang tough with it. SD is an awesome place for support - to keep fortifying that wall look up This Naked Mind for sure and The Power of Habit as excellent follow-up. ..I have a lot of people and situations I've yet to "inform" so can relate to your anxiety about the friends. Know what you're going to say practice what you're going to say then say it simply... and most importantly: believe it 100%. ..Best wishes. I'm not drinkin with ya. 
Thank you. You are an inspiration to me. Today is my day 1 and I also lost my job. It destroyed me and I am coming off a 2 day bender. Reading the stories here helps. Congratulations.
Hello fellow mental ward self check in friend.  I only stayed from three days but had a similar experience.....that was almost 5 years ago and it still seems more like a dream then reality.  ..It gets better man.  You are so healthy for being able to see your families true colors and keep it together and not become like them.  And the other steps you are taking are truly remarkable.  Keep it up.
Thanks for sharing your story and also showing us that amazing video!  Holy shit new fave.
I know what you mean. I try to take in the bits and pieces that work for me and leave the rest. Somebody posted this and I added it to my personal catalog - maybe for the image as much as anything! http://thecostaricanews.com/spiritual-consequences-alcohol-consumption/ .
