-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66ovzh/hiding_fear_of_being_uncovered_nightmares/

These have been plaguing me. I remember a couple months ago I threw out an empty Svedka bottle in the garbage it was right on top then took the trash outside. The next morning was a Saturday and we were all going out for breakfast. As we pulled out we noticed a raccoon had gotten into the trash. I was panic stricken. Like sick to my stomach full blown anxiety attack. What if he sees the bottle? Should I just say I found it outside and throw it away? Needless to say I've never been so quick to offer to clean up disgusting trash myself. ..Most nights when my husband gets home he takes a glance at the liquor/wine tower we have. I can't tell if he's noticing changes in the amounts and taking mental notes or if he just ponders taking a drink then doesn't. Last night he asked if I was drinking the scotch he bought last week. I said no why would I (I haven't) and he just said "I don't know". The vodka bottle on the other hand is filled with water unbeknownst to him...That night I had a dream that the bottle of vodka was open and sitting on the counter. Like I was caught. When I woke up I raced to the dining room to make sure it was just a dream. ..Need to replace that today. I should tell my husband about my struggles but right now I'm just not ready. Not even close. He thinks I'm not drinking to lose weight for the vacation next month (which is partially true). I'm just ready to free myself of this burden. This weight. Not drinking today. 1 week... woo hoo!
----------immediate responses--------

Edit: grammar errors
I remember those feelings and they were horrible. I still have dreams occasionally that I've been drinking and have been confronted. Always a relief to wake up and know it was only a dream...I used to see my husband checking out the stores of wine in the house even though he didn't mention it. He knew. He always knew when I'd had even the first sip of wine. Dancing around the obvious was a sad symptom of what our marriage had become. I wasn't ready to talk about anything with him either. After a lot of struggle and difficulty (and the help of a marriage counselor who is also in recovery) we are on the other side of it today and much happier. It gets better eventually with a lot of hard work and (sometimes *brutal*) honesty. ..I will not drink with you today :)
Telling someone is what I did my wife was very understanding and she has helped me get through it. Getting caught pass out drunk was what saved me she was suspicious but once I couldn't hide it An she confronted me the weight lifted was amazing slowly I am getting to a better place. Try being open
I know the feeling. I've been so embarrassed in the past when I take my recycling out. I don't want anyone to see the dozens of bottles and cans. This past weekend a friend of mine came in to town and I had gotten drunk the night before. I made a point to throw out all of the bottles and cardboard just in case because I didn't want him to know what I had done...Back when I was married it was the same way. I'd pound beers and liquor when my wife wasn't looking and then hide all but a few of the bottles to make it seem like I'd had less...In the end the best lifestyle is the one that you don't have to hide in shame from.
My wife once bought a bottle of Patron to keep for when her friend who likes Tequila comes over.  I drained the thing unbeknownst to her in a couple of days and filled it with water and put it back in the cabinet.  And forgot all about it.  Fast forward a few weeks and her friend is coming over and so she gets out the bottle (of water).  I freaked OUT and told her she can't drink the Patron because I'm saving it for something special and I couldn't tell her what that was.  She was very confused but I insisted.  Can you imagine if she had poured her and her friend two shots of water?  So the next day I threw away the water and bought another bottle of Patron and concocted the scheme of infusing it with cranberries and exotic pepper corns. Then when the friend came over I served them this.  Really an unbelievably embarrassing story now that I tell it (for the first time).
I can SO relate to this!  I would always buy what looked like a normal amount and then have different bottles that were hidden that I sneak drank so it didn't seem like I was drinking as much as I was.  (This is how I started drinking hard alcohol which I barely did previously)  I always felt awful gathering them up and sneaking them out in various ways and getting them out for garbage day.  I had various methods. I would do a big sweep clean of the house and then distribute them throughout the trash wrapped in other things so they wouldn't poke or make sounds.  Sometimes I would gather them up when alone and take them all to the community recycling drop off.  ..This has been the biggest burden lifted.  Not worrying about that anymore.  I feel so much better about myself.  I don't feel like I'm a fraud carrying around a secret that nobody knows.  That nobody knows the 'real' me.  ..I have told my husband I'm not drinking.  Just as part of my healthy push right now.  I do it a few times a year so it's not abnormal.  I won't ever tell him about my struggles though.  Our relationship is a big part of the reason I was numbing myself.  I can't be vulnerable and open up to him.  I won't put myself in that situation and admit something that he will use against me.  I do feel a million times better anyway though! 
