-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66p94m/not_having_a_good_day_at_all_sorry_in_advance/

110 days sober and in no danger of succumbing to any form of liquid temptation but today is just not a good day...I felt positively downbeat when I woke up and unusually my mood has not improved as the day has gone on.  I work for myself so am well used to my own company but I suddenly feel very alone and down in the dumps.  I'd love to retire but can't afford to do so for at least another 10 years and the thought of having to try and keep myself motivated until 2027 seems almost too big a burden to tackle on my own.    I don't get any support or help with my work from my wife and am quite literally a one man band and this man is running low on energy and enthusiasm for what I have to do to pay the mortgage and support my family.  It just feels like everything is down to me and it is wearing me out.  ..It is also becoming increasingly apparent to me that I was using red wine as an escape from a very unhappy marriage and painful as the alternative might be I just can't see how this will survive.  We are like strangers in our own home and to quote a line from a song that forever resonates in my mind "There's nothing here we have in common except our name".  It is such a sad situation to be in and I just feel empty.  ..110 days sober should be giving me so many reasons to feel cheerful and positive about all aspects of my life right now but  aside from the obvious benefits of sobriety I'm really struggling to keep a positive outlook on things. ..Sorry for offloading.
----------immediate responses--------

Good grief we are in the same situation aren't we?..'Strangers in our own home' that resonated with me...And I also work alone it's tough going when you have no one to share the day to day stuff with...I'm glad you're here it helps me a lot to know I'm not as alone as I feel.
I relate to a lot of this. I told my husband almost two weeks ago now that I wanted a divorce. I tried so hard to reconnect when I got sober thinking maybe my drinking was a large part of our problems. Maybe this was a chance for a new start. I was becoming the person I wanted to be finally. Maybe we could become the family I wanted us to be too. But it just didn't go that way. I focused on myself and my recovery because I had to find a way to exist in the marriage without it dragging me down. Unfortunately a series of conversations led to me having to finally call it. ..As hard as all this has been I feel really optimistic. And my stomach stopped hurting all the time. I'm sleeping better. ..Anyway I empathize a lot with your situation. Sometimes clarity leads us to some painful situations but ultimately it's a good thing. I'm not drinking with you today. 
I think you and anyone else in similar situation are amazing to stick with your goal of not drinking when you have unhappiness at home. It was just such a easy excuse for me to get smashed...Really hope your home life picks up and you can feel happy. ..Keep going you are doing amazing.
Sorry for your sadness. Happy that you are here and on day 110. Life on life's terms is sometimes hard to accept. I do it by not taking that first drink and then feel like nothing can keep me down. Wishing you peace light and love!
Hey Westy I'm sorry that you're going through this and feeling down. It's a lot to go through but you've got an awesome 110 days and that's amazing! Here to support you :).
I'm so sorry to hear your having a hard time. Wishing you better days and I won't drink with you today!
Oh man Westy..so sorry to hear you're down in the dumps. The journey is tough but we're here for you. I won't drink with you today......
Sorry to hear. One of your paragraphs I can relate to unfortunately. Let's keep on keeping on 110 twin. 
