-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66rrb4/reds_back_back_on_sd_back_to_day_2/

Well fellow sobernauts I have been gone according to my unread messages on here for at least two months. ..BIG MISTAKE on my part..I am currently halfway through day 3 and let me tell you (Not that you don't already know this) RELAPSES SUCK..What sucks more?..Detoxing again. ..HOLY HELL! I forgot how awful this is so in case you are on the edge let me remind you:..Shakes. Not being able to eat. Being stuck on stupid. Not having the energy to do anything. Wanting ... no Needing to sleep a lot. The shame & guilt. Realizing how little you remember. Hearing what you have been up to by others. Knowing better & breaking your promise to yourself and others. Letting yourself & others down. Eating yourself out of house & home after the feeling like death days. Being overly emotional. Crawling back up from the dark hole I dug but knew better...Ugghhhhh..200+ days gone. Well they aren't gone I had them & I can get them again. However I feel I need to reset my date...& tbh I did have 3 bitch beers some where around 6 months. But it didn't turn anything (at least for a while) and I didn't do anything crazy so I decided to keep my count going...However I didn't see that as a reason to get back to here (AA or whatever else works) or to sit and think why I did that and as a red flag something is up or I need to change or I need to reevaluate some things...This isn't my first relapse but this is the one with the largest amount of time under my belt...So.....Things I need to remember to keep a priority in my life:..GRATITUDE is key. The POWER of THINKING POSITIVE. Living IN THE MOMENT: not dreading the future or regretting the past. **MY LIVER HEALTH.** My FAMILY. Keeping a SCHEDULE. Staying healthy. CONNECTION not isolation. APPRECIATING the good things and not focusing on the bad. Staying ACTIVE. Staying BUSY. Giving back. MEDITATION & WORKING OUT. Eating healthy. SELF-AFFIRMATION. Waking up early. Going bed at a decent time. Journaling. STOPDRINKING. Responsibilities. ..So yesterday I went to my first AA meeting with my mom (non-drinker). I have been to a handful of meetings throughout the years but it just didn't work for me (SD worked extremely well for me until I stopped logging on). ....I signed on here & posting & asked for a reset....I am going to my second meeting with mom again in a few hours. BTW I'm 28 - After getting sober in September and completely destroying my life my family took me in while I get back on my feet. I feel horrible that I screwed up but they are amazing & understand &&& thankfully I can still stay. Bbbuuuttt they took my car keys...... yes I am 28 and grounded - well deserved though and could be so much worse...So I plead to you today: If you notice you aren't doing things you usually do (working out SD spending time with friends) or that things are loosing there priority in your life. Take a moment & reflect on it. ..Think about when/why you stopped. ..Jump back in...Those things mattered to you and still matter to you even if they don't feel like they do at this moment. ..Red flags my friends. THEY ARE REAL...Stay vigilant & high five.RHR
----------immediate responses--------

Red I'm glad you're back &lt;3 Look after yourself...glad you're back sober and here's to many more days of sobriety in the future...hugs - Talie
So glad you are back Red! I missed your humor and presence here. Relapses happen...a lot! It sounds like you learned your lesson from this one. All of those warning flags are things I live by now (I mean I pay close attention to them). Some people can just stop and go on with their lives but I need to be attentive to self-care and doing for others on a very regular basis plus checking in here. I expect that your detox hell will be over soon...one foot in front of the other sistah! I'm rooting for you and I will not drink with you today.
WhiskyJim and I were just missing you last week! So glad you're back 
Good to see you again and glad to hear that you're workin' it.
Many hugs RHR. This is what real strength in recovery looks like to me. Thank you for sharing this and for being so honest and open about what you've gone through not just now but in the past as well.  You've always got a home here and I'm glad to see ya back. ..[Highest of fives to you ;)](http://i.imgur.com/qiW1V6E.jpg)
Welcome back and thanks for discouraging us from relapsing!
Oh still in a brain fog - day 3*
Hey RHR welcome back!
Yesssss!! Our Red is back! I missed ya hon...I'm so glad you're here :). xo
Glad you are back.  We missed you!
Hope you feel better soon Red!! Welcome back :) Also s/o to the moms who are there even when times get hard. I'm glad you have somewhat of a support system!
Hi Red!! Happy you are back!
really happy to see your name around here again. you are STRONG and SMART and SO COURAGEOUS for recognizing all of these things and forging on in your recovery. welcome back Red!!! 
