-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/66ysqt/relapse_after_10_months_sober/

I binged big time for about 12 days or so non stop on alcohol. I'm 6 days sober just put in a badge reset. ..I am afraid of alcohol and if I wasn't convinced before that I am powerless to alcohol I'm truly convinced now. This withdrawal has been killing me mentally and physically. My whole face looks like complete shit. Everything in my life just spiraled completely out of control and it's made me realize that I hate my job. I've been in retail for 4 years and I'm done. Apparently 3 people from the 'public' have mentioned their 'concerns' about me to my boss. He is a great boss but my manager is a complete narcissist and I'm over the shit pay and the way I get treated.  ..I need time to deal with grief issues regarding a miscarriage (due to alcohol) properly. ..I have moved back home and my two brothers a messy as hell and I have the pressure of the keeping the house tidy. I'm happy to do this as long as I'm not working. The intense craving for change is motivating me to look at this as a positive change and not a negative one. I can't grow as a person living in a bloody store dealing with a lot of shitty people all the time. ..Now to top of my bad luck every little thing has been irritating the living shit out of me and now as I'm at my shitty job there is this market day happening and a band with full on guitars and drums are perched up right beside my store attracting a ton of people. I need to be left alone in peace but I gotta deal with this. Lol I already broke and now as every sober day passes I'm picking up the pieces. Sometimes you just have to laugh at your major screw ups but still understand the severity of them. ..This is only confirming that I need to quit. I also need to sell my piece of crap car and re-learn how to live correctly. ..If you got this far thank you. I'm just 1 alcoholic suffering among many. We are not alone even though it feels like that a-lot. ..Fuck this music is fucking infuriating me and I have 3.5 hours left at work. Lets hope I don't lose my temper and punch someone. 
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck it best of luck to you!
10 months of sobriety is awesome. I had 28 days and then a slip this Friday so back to 1 for me. It also reinforced for me that I cannot drink. Not one god damned drink. I learned some stuff though. When I go to AA and tell everyone I am fine when I am not and then I drink the next day I should probably just be honest and tell them I am not doing well. Glad you are back. From one cranky alcoholic to another. 
Hey we are in the same boat! Just screwed up 6-7 months sober with like a two week binder (way better than the handle a day for months I came from before that) and on day 4 moved back home while not working. So I can completely relate. Good luck with the rest of your shift just letting you know that you are def not alone I am just one canoe over.
Like friends already commented below 10 months is something to be pretty proud of so you are back on the horse now.  And we have all relapsed (my last one was after 4 months- my longest period).  Its OK and normal to be irritable like you are right now; yet it took so much strength to come here and share it...I really admire you for that.  And I will stay sober with you tonight.
Guys the music has still not stopped. I've been sitting here for 3 fucking hours and it still hasn't stopped. The douche who created this machine (it's this machine that's somehow playing its own music) like this drum is hooked up to something and is playing by its self. So hard to explain it's complete and utter shit. Thank goodness I only have 53 minutes left of this hell. 
Less than an hour left -- you are not alone. ..I will not drink with you today
Everything you are going through uis probably better sober. I noticed that drinking made me irritable and unpleasant. I only noticed that recently. I hope you find a job that you like and you enjoy your time at work. ..I won't drink with you today. 
