-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67btp3/pouring_alcohol_on_my_stage_fright_is_going_to/

Longtime lurker...First time poster. ..Warning: I'm very long-winded but I need to get this all out. Thank you in advance for reading and perhaps helping me to see this through....Edit: I'm just now seeing the many resources provided on the stopdrinking front page and I will do further exploring...for now I hope you all understand that I just needed to share and put this into the universe for peace of mind. Thank you so kindly....A little backstory: I'm in my early 30's. Alcohol has been part of my life since at least 14. I'm an actor out here in LA. I've only been here a short time however I've been involved in theatre & film in other large cities for the majority of my life. It is my passion. It is my dream my goal in life and also my worst nightmare....The stakes are high in this business. The pressure to be perfect both on screen and off can sometimes be overwhelming. And I think if you're here in this sub you know exactly how I deal with such a recipe: by pouring lots of alcohol on it....The reason I've lurked here for well over a year is one I'm sure many of you can or have related to: I'm not an everyday drinker so it all felt somewhat harmless. I don't get the shakes in the morning or have hallucinations when my body doesn't have a BAL....My problem lies on those weekend nights or Sunday brunches when all it takes is one cracked beer or a refreshing mimosa and that's all she wrote until I inevitably shove my face with food late at night in bed or I'm creeping back into my apartment well after the sun has risen. I never throw up. I never pass out. I rarely take a tumble. I hold my booze and I hold it long and I hold plenty of it....What I struggle with the most is that in my mind and I've known this about myself for years; I like the person I am with 4-6 drinks in me. In fact I've even had the conscious thought that who I am at that time is the most perfect form of who I am. I'm bubbly I'm the life of the party I feel sexy as hell....I know in my heart this is fucked...but my head says "Do it up babe! You only live once!"...I've come here today to admit I have a problem. I have an amazing support system of friends family and professional associates...but I just can't let them down again. I don't want anyone in my life to know I'm doing this. Maybe that's unhealthy but I'm just being honest. I can't look into their hopeful eyes and see the veiled disappointment yet again if I fail....My best friend (who after years of friendship has also become an artistic partner in our film and television endeavors) said this to me yesterday and I believe it's what finally brought me here today:..."The only problem I ever have directing you on set is when you've had a drink. Otherwise you're the only actor who gives me exactly what I need and you take direction well. Beyond that outside of our art and I mean no shame or shade but I trust sober you with my life. I can not say the same when you've been drinking."...That was hard to hear but I know it to be true....We have probably the biggest opportunity of our careers to date coming up at a film festival at the end of June. He has offered to flip the bill for my expenses in exchange for my promise to keep drinks to 2 max per night as we'll be expected to schmooze and be taken seriously for our rather heavy project we'll be promoting. As gracious and understanding as he's attempting to be I know I will most likely fail at this....When the time comes I would very much love to be able to smile and say "No worries about me everyone I won't be drinking a drop all week."...Will you help me? It's hard to ask a community of strangers such a thing...but I've come here for just that. I need help....If you've gotten this far I thank you with all of my heart....Some additional things I'd like to share to perhaps better my chances with this endeavor of advice and support:...-I've tried the AA thing. While mildly helpful I didn't find it was for me. The "Anonymous" thing doesn't really fly for me personally (I'm not famous by any stretch of the concept but I still feel very vulnerable about it) and despite the many factions that stay away from all the God-talk I still feel a sense of culty-ness I can't shake....-I do get quite a bit of stage fright & anxiety when all eyes are on me and in the past I've used alcohol to help me deal. I've recently researched and starting using CBD oil which seems to be helping to an extent so that's good I suppose. But any further suggestions would be very welcome. Some may say I need to go completely clean of all substances...but to that I say; I've never smoked some indica and made questionable sexual decisions or gone home with a sketchy stranger. Alcohol is my Big Bad. By all means tho I am open to any and all advice on the matter....-One of my biggest fears about stopping drinking is that I won't be any fun anymore. Or things that used to be fun will bore me to death. I'm sure this is a pretty natural feeling around here but there it is....-I know I'm an alcoholic. My mother always warned me that her father was and it tends to skip generations. I have no delusions about it. I've lied about it. I've snuck it into places I shouldn't have. I've operated machinery and been in leadership roles while intoxicated. The signs have always been there but as I'm sure we here know another part is turning a blind eye to all that....So that's my deal. I have plenty of war stories; some hilarious some cringey af and some downright dangerous....If anyone can help me make the changes I need I will I don't know thank you if I ever win an award lol. But seriously I will appreciate it greatly....Thank you thank you thank you for any and all you can share with me and today I will not drink with you....xoxo
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here.  Congratulations on your self awareness!..Here's what worked for me...I spoke to a counselor which was helpful.  She recommended meetings.  I went and immediately found support from people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources and fellowship...I've never been happier!..Today I forgo just ONE drink -The First One
Wow. I've got to say the first thing that struck me reading that... is that you have a really really good friend. What a brave considered compassionate and amazing thing to say. Many of us have had people who told us *after* we quit: yeah I knew you had a problem.... but for your friend to say that to you...that's the act of a really really good person and friend. ...I would have some suggestions and some bits of info that might help....* Read This Naked Mind. [Free link for you here](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDbookclub/comments/4khj4s/this_naked_mind_available_free_to_sd_users/).  Honestly it's given so many people the tools they need to quit. It helps you change your thinking about alcohol - all those concerns you have there... will I be fun? what about my anxiety?  this will help you address those and give you strategies apart from willpower.  ..* Make sure you find a therapist - one who sits well with you and who can work on your anxiety with you. You may have one but you didn't mention it if so. Alcohol makes our anxiety worse. I know it doesn't seem like it...it seems like it helps. You know how when you feel thirsty it felt like a beer helped... but we know perfectly well that it's just dehydrating us more?  Alcohol's like that with anxiety too.  Yes there will still be anxiety when you're sober but it will be easier to deal with especially if you find a therapist who can give you some strategies for general anxiety and for social situations.  You may even find that prescription medication is the way to go..but better to go that path than drinking yeah?  WRT the CBD oil I know nothing about it... you may like to check in with your very aware friend as to whether your art suffers from it or not. I would not use it personally but your idea of sobriety is your own. ..* You don't need AA if you don't want but I would say you need a support network. If you don't want to tell people IRL we can be that network. For me...the book the subreddit and the chat was all I needed.  There are online meetings too... AA or SMART if you want less god in the mix. ..* Lastly we have an inordinate amount of artists in here. Actors musicians painters writers... there's something about us I believe that makes us vulnerable to addiction. Some have had to find ways to engage newly with their art as sober people...for some of us being sober has been a transformative factor...we are so much more productive and what we do is so much better now that we approach it with unclouded minds. ....sorry I seem to have written almost as much as you did :)  Good luck my friend. Congratulations on that day 1 badge. I believe it will be amazing for you. If you ever need to chat pop into the IRC channel (link on the sidebar!)...You can do it!  I won't drink with you today..- Talie
For me anxiety and drinking were tied together. Wanting the anxiety to go away I would drink. And drink and drink. The next day the anxiety would be back. Lather rinse repeat...It sounds like you're a wonderfully talented actor- what do you want to do with this opportunity that's been handed to you? Please don't sell yourself short- I think you CAN do it...Moderation doesn't work for me so I'd have to promise to not drink at all. It's easier to just say no rather than waste energy trying to moderate...Re: anxiety. It may sound cliche but yoga and meditation really works for me. I try to practice "passage meditation" as started by Eknath Easwaran. As an actor it might appeal to you. You memorize inspirational passages and mentally recite them back to yourself as you meditate. You also practice "mindfulness" using a mantram. I really think it could help with your anxiety. It helps me during times of stress like being in the dental chair or having a panic attack...I would love for you to thank s/d in an award speech. (Except you'd have to give us a way to be able to watch you! Not seriously- I respect a need for privacy!)..I'm sure you'll be fun even if you stop drinking. It is kind of weird to grapple with dealing with the person you are and who'll you will become...Good luck! (or should I say "Break a leg"?) I will send all of the positive vibes in the world to you as you face this challenge. It could be the start of something big! 
Are you aware of Propranolol? It may help calm your nerves before performing. I take it before social functions and it works quite nicely. Does not effect your thinking at all. ..
Welcome. I quit drinking about 10 months ago. Early on I read and commented on this subreddit every day. I started going to AA and after a few months I got a sponsor and started working the steps. I had to keep reminding myself that my thinking had gotten me to the point of needing to quit drinking and that these things (AA and this sub) had worked for other people -- even for people who are smarter than me. I focus on doing sobriety one day at a time. That helps quiet a lot of the overwhelming weight of this task. Also my anxiety has greatly improved since I quit drinking. 
