-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67holj/anyone_feel_like_they_are_cured_8_months_sober/

I've been feeling better lately. Being sober the past 8 months has allowed me to deal authentically with some trauma issues from my past and an eating disorder. I've started to feel like I am cured or that I graduated from treatment. It's hard to describe but I also wonder if this may be how a relapse gets started? ..I know I have still issues to deal with and will my entire life. But I also know that booze ain't the way to do it. Anyone else feel like they've level jumped in this?
----------immediate responses--------

For me that is exactly how a relapse starts. I have a disease that tells me I don't have a disease. While I am not filled with fear/dread constantly I have a healthy respect for my alcoholism and take daily actions to keep it at bay. 
That feeling can become a relapse if you start thinking "eh I'm fine now what can one drink hurt?" As long as you say it's ok you feel better but not ok to go back to drinking you should be fine. Best of luck and congrats!
Well I feel "cured" of any compulsion to drink alcohol.  But I know that if I were ever to take that feeling as a sign that it was OK to have a drink it would really be a sign that I wasn't cured at all.  So sure as long as I don't have alcohol I'm "cured."
It can be yes. That's how I started drinking at 326 days instead of making it to a year. I felt like I was even-keeled finally and deserved to have that next degree of fun. What I didn't realize was that type of fun never worked for me and never will.
Sounds like a relapse on the horizon!!..You can ward it off. ..Not drinking with you today 
Complacency is extremely dangerous for me. I have relapsed exactly because I thought I was doing better. I thought I didn't need to be careful anymore. ..Sometimes people who don't really understand addiction will say something like '...with all that you've been though and how well you are doing now you'll *never* drink again!"...And I am sitting there thinking about how dangerous that kind of thinking actually is... the kind of thinking that says I'm not vulnerable anymore. The kind of thinking that leads me to be less vigilant and concerned. ..The truth is that I can drinking again. It's a very real possibility. I couldn't agree more with /u/thornkale... I have a disease that tells me I don't have a disease. Addiction is insidious.
I thought so on day 240. Actually drove to the store and was going to buy a six pack because I am an adult and g****it I can. Might just open and smell it for what the heck. Fortunately I talked with the folks at the store and ended up buying a Weber grill and a nice steak. Still there when I let myself think I need an 'out' and the other choices don't exist like exercise talking to people anything else. 
I'm only 65 days in so I'm still in the headspace that I'm not "cured" - I still know that one drink will always equal at least one bottle of whiskey. I hope that mentality doesn't change anytime soon. ..What's messed up is that it takes one lifetime of work to stay sober and only one shot to end up down the drunken rabbit hole. ..Not drinking with you today friend! :)
