-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67iblt/what_do_you_do_about_your_drinking_friends/

I recently had a trip scheduled with a few friends. When I landed they were supposed to be there waiting for me to take me to one of their homes. They weren't. Instead when I turned my phone on after the flight I found a text telling me I should uber there. I did annoyed and when I got there they were all visibly wasted. ..We had spoken over the previous month about how I wouldn't go on this trip if it was going to be a week long excuse to be drunk. They assured me repeatedly that there would hardly be any drinking. Two or three drinks maximum. I stressed this point for weeks. They know I'm trying to quit drinking they know I struggle and fail to moderate...The following day I mention that it was a dickhead move not to be there to pick me up and I get criticized for being heavy. Not easy going enough. It's a vacation right? Chill. Infuriating but I let it go for the sake of the trip...The following night we go out to dinner and two hours into the meal they're eight double vodkas deep. Their eyes are swimming and they're screaming and they don't realize it and I want to go. I ask for the keys to the house so I can go back. They can stay and drink if they want but I don't want to be there. They throw a tantrum accusing me of being inflexible and judgmental. They tell me that its a vacation and its their home and I'll go back when the group is ready to go back. I grit my teeth and wait furious. ..I'm sitting there zoning out of their obnoxious conversation and the many many drunken declarations of absolute love and admiration they have for each other that the vodka is making them say and I realize I can't be on this vacation. When we get back I wait for them to pass out I pack my bags and I book a room for myself. I spent the next week alone hiking and exploring the mountains and having a generally incredible adventurous time. ..Throughout the vacation the texts and missed calls from the friends I was supposed to be with grew. Right now they stand at 64  texts and 21 missed calls... I don't know whether I want to open them or if I just want to let them go. I've known these people for going on a decade now. I don't want to be dramatic and wordlessly end three friendships but I don't think they're ready to go in the direction I have no hesitation in knowing I have to.  ..What do you do with people like this when you stop drinking and they don't? 
----------immediate responses--------

Gratefully I don't have friends like that. I hang out with and travel with plenty of normal drinkers who will stop at three. So I guess you need to know that there are plenty of people who don't behave like this to hang out with. I think what they did is terrible. 
That's rough and your friends were being shitty. If that were me I'd have to say goodbye. My sobriety is more important than friends. I know deep down my drinking lifestyle will put me 6 feet under if I continue.
I had to hibernate for a long time in early sobriety maybe 9 months before I saw my partying friends again.  Now when I see them it is in the context of places where there won't be drinking at my place at breakfast etc...There doesn't need to be a big dramatic send off or confrontation but for my own sake there were a lot of no thanks I can't for a while. 
I agree with the first commenter. They behaved horribly. In my view you deserve friends who can be empathetic and caring toward you not selfish dicks. I'm really sorry this happened and kudos to you for taking such decisive action and finding a way to have a good vacation anyway. 
Im sorry that happened! Sounds awful. At least you got to enjoy nature for the rest of the trip! Maybe let them know you're alright cause they might be worried at this point. This trip could possibly make them understand how serious you are about not drinking and might even cause them to think about how obnoxious they were being trying to make you feel bad about it. Again I'm sorry you had to deal with that. I won't drink with you today and I might just take a hike myself this weekend because it sounds amazing!
If my friends acted like yours... I'd find new friends honestly. ..I have friends who drink but they are respectful and kind. Their activities don't revolve around drinking. 
I have been on the sober ride a couple times and it is important to keep in mind the perspectives of others as they adjust to our changing behaviors.  I was a drunk and people treated me like one.  Then I got sober but most people were slow to change their view of me until I earned it.  ..You have drinking friends and you booked a trip with them.  Then you pulled the old switcheroo by getting sober or you would probably be just as deep in your vodka as they were.  Sometimes we have to be selfish in our sobriety to protect it but at the same time it is easy to see how they might feel betrayed by your behavior.  Not being the person they know and love enough to vacation with.  Bailing and not answering the phone...I am not saying you did anything wrong.  But I would suggest to give it some space and time.  You don't need to be around them right now but a preplanned vacation with expectations is an unusual situation.  Some of them might be better on their own when  they see more of what you are going through.
Woah sounds like your holiday was way better when you went at it alone! I'm not sure what advice to give about your friends but you sound like youre onto it anyways! good luck :) 
I was half way through your post when I decided I'd get a hotel room and split. I'm glad that's what you did. If it were me I'd write a letter (email) explaining how that made you feel. They may think you're being dramatic or a buzzkill but oh well. Maybe once they hear how you were left feeling lonely irritated and lied to they may change their tune. If not that's their problem. They should be made aware of their behavior and if it hurts their feelings well.... so be it. ..Luckily my friends have been supportive. I have had one or two say some bullshit like "once you're healed you can drink again!" and I shut that down immediately. People really don't get it until they **get it**. ..Stay strong! I won't drink with you. 
I would probably open them/read them &amp; then give them some sort of reply.  If it were me even if I felt like I didn't want to actively hang out with those folks right now I'd at least try to communicate openly/own my feelings while making the right choice for myself. ..You're changing - maybe some of them will change in the future &amp; it would be nice to leave the door open for them to join you while acknowledging that hanging out with them right now is not where you want to be.  I find direct communication to be the best for me - clear the air &amp; then I feel like I'm both respecting my needs &amp; respecting that not everyone is in that same place. My big thing is that I don't like it to be weird if I run into someone unexpectedly (but not everyone is like that or needs that). ..Only you know what would work best in the context of these relationships though - that whole experience sounds stressful &amp; it sounds like you made the right choice to go do your own thing. Good job taking care of yourself in a tough situation! 
Boy they sound awful. ..I'm glad you were able to salvage the trip and enjoy yourself despite them! Good for you for rescuing yourself. 
If it were me I would 100% cut bait and not reply. They are reaching out for their benefit not yours. 
if i were in this situation what would piss me off the most is the control over my autonomy. whether it's because they're drunk or because i just *don't feel like it* no one has any right to physically prevent me from leaving and doing what i need to do for myself. that is such a controlling and inappropriate way to treat another adult. ..i don't blame you for bailing. it sounds like these friendships have been longstanding and if i were you i would try to honor that while also doing what i need best. ..so maybe something like: ..&gt;Hey I'm sorry that I have been out of touch. I was pretty angry about you not keeping your word regarding what kind of trip this would be not following through on picking me up and then physically preventing me from doing what *I* need to maintain my sobriety--which I've mentioned before as something that is extremely important to me. Perhaps bailing was not the best way to handle it; in the moment it was extremely important for me to get a *lot* of space. I *am* sorry though for disappearing and worrying you...from there i'd also include a plan of action regarding what should happen next. do you need space from them? do you need an apology? are you ready to have a conversation about this? i would state that pretty clearly. also i would send each of these individually so it's not one big clusterfuck of a pile on several against one (and mention that you're doing so and why). ..there's no need to get into a back and forth (your boundaries and discomfort are not negotiable). if it starts to get into "whyyyyyyyY??//???" or mud-slinging or "you're being overly sensitive" shut that shit down. .."whyyyyy?" - because my health is important to me and this is not healthy...mud-slinging - disengage. this is a derailing tactic. "please do not attack me. if i've done something to upset you i'm happy to talk about it but first i need us to address these other things--and in a respectful way." .."you're being overly sensitive/too heavy/taking this too seriously." - yup you're right i do take this seriously and i am sensitive to my boundaries being respected. it's serious *to me*. ..i'm so sorry you have to deal with this. they treated you really poorly and that sucks. i definitely think that if these friendships are valuable to you it's worth leaving the door open but that doesn't mean you have to tolerate this kind of behavior. you can step back and say "the door is open when x y and z happen but until then i'm out." you are allowed to protect yourself. ..to me that's part of sobriety. i'm doing things that *protect* me and *heal* me which sometimes means stepping back from dysfunctional relationships and people who do not value or respect me. will those relationships come back around? fuck yeah i sure hope so. that would be great. but i feel zero guilt or shame about saying "this isn't working for me" because right now i'm doing a fucking hard thing that makes me really vulnerable. anything whether it's a toothpick or a dagger that pokes me in my wounds is going to be set in the yard for awhile. .....
Sounds like former friends to me.  The world is huge.  The world is full of people changing and figuring stuff out.  Those friends of yours seem stuck and seem like a waste of time.  Seems like you dig hiking and getting out in the mountains.  Plenty of clubs and women who would most likely want to do the same thing.  
I am only just starting to experience the snide comments and it's a real drag.  It sounds like you went above and beyond to ask for basic courtesy and it's just so disappointing to hear how many people just DON'T GET IT.  ..I like everything you did thusfar.  So glad you focused on the positive and found your own incredible time.  I'm not sure what the right move is but after being so meticulously careful to communicate with them I would not respond to those messages until home time but I'd make a point to do all of my forgiving within that time and be amicable when that time comes...Best of luck.  I think I will choose hibernation if this becomes a problem for me :P 
That's tough. It's a bad situation to be in and you did your best to prevent it with all those calls. If they completely disregarded you and your needs then I don't think these people are real friends. Real friends listen to you and respect you. It sounds like these friends were "friends" from a former life. Good time guys not people who genuinely want the best for you. That's disappointing but there are plenty of people out there who will care for you as person and respect what you want now that you've taken control of your life. They've got to grow up and who knows if they ever will.  Good for you for realizing that and leaving. ..Sucks but you might just have to leave them behind. Don't think of it as losing friends because I don't think these guys were real friends. Think of it as losing people who liked you when you were at your worst. That's not something you want to carry forward.
Dude that sucks. Sorry you had to go through that. And good on you for taking care of yourself in the end. ..I've only been spending time with my friends who are sober or moderate drinkers because they're the only ones willing (or psyched) to hang with me in a non drinking context. I told my one heavy drinking friend (also my old bar buddy) that I wouldn't hang out with him in bars anymore. Guess how many times we've gotten coffee? Zero. I didn't even have to call that friendship we just didn't have anything in common anymore. 
Always have an exit plan. ..Glad you are taking care of you. 
Lots of advice from some very nice people in response to your post. Me? I'd cut 'em off. Let them figure out why. Friends? I've done this with family who turn into total boring assholes when they're drunk. Once in a while my wife and I will see them or actually go out with them just out of curiosity. ..Nope. Still drunken boring assholes touting their latest expensive wine find or old time cocktail. We'll try again in six months or so.
Congrats on your courage.  My worry about losing certain friendships has caused a lot setbacks for me. When are my own needs and desires going to be more important than holding onto old friends?  I am super impressed with you.  I would handle each friendship on an individual basis rather than all as a group.. and i bet it will become clear who you want to keep in your life and who you don't .
