-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67mu6x/day_10_note_to_self/

Firstly a huge thanks to SD for being here when I've needed you over the last 10 days. I can truly say I wouldn't have done this without you. Just wanted to record some notes to myself for posterity: ..   The daily commitment works - its just enough commitment to be cope-with-able without overwhelming me. Its giving me the opportunity to build my inner strength with every passing day. So far on Day 10 its held strong everyday. I'm not naive that it will always work but if I slip up then at least I know all I have to do it commit again the following day. No judgement no self loathing just a tacit agreement between me and my inner healthy adult. .. .   Playing it forward works - there have been a few moments where without this trick I'm not sure I would have resisted the temptation. Remember it use it and own it. ..   Cherishing NDVs works - its the counter balance to playing it forward its like switching the tape out and figuring out that the new one with no discernible label on it is better. ..   Reading SD works - knowing I'm not alone knowing other's are experiencing exactly the same sensations temptations and ruminations as me it's useful it's helpful invaluable and honest.  ..   Recording voice memos works - its weird to listen to my own voice but its also valuable to have a record of those inner dialogues with my self. When I listen back they remind me of struggles and strengths and keep me honest with myself. *Plus these days with bluetooth headphones no one thinks you're talking to yourself when walking down the street chatting away they just assume you're on the phone to someone.* ..That's all for now. Remember there will be more challenges ahead but you know the weapons now you choose what suits you best in any given moment. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!!!! Awesome list....yes playing the whole tape has saved me from relapsing many times. Just seeing that end outcome instead of the 1st drink thru rose colored glasses makes all the difference! I won't drink with you today...
It took me awhile to fully embrace "one day at a time" (I'm a big worrier). When I did making it through the cravings an *ah f$@k it* moments did get easier; not easier but more manageable. ..Congrats on 10 days in a row! I will not drink with you today. 
Hmmm I may have to try the voice memo bit. For some reason just thinking about it - I am scared lol. Usually means it is something I need to do though :)..high five
I also like "one day at a time" approach. It's easier to manage knowing I am on track today despite what happened yesterday or what's to come tomorrow. I know this weekend I will probably have a drink. Or maybe not but I know today I won't be drinking my usual non-alcoholic beverages. 
