-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67n2s9/recently_started_taking_something_for_my/

I was pretty set on relapsing for about an entire year. I don't know why maybe it was that spirit of rebellion in me. Up until about a month ago my depression was relentless even in sobriety. Alcohol had nothing to deal with my mental issues just my broken brain did. ..I was hopeful when I got sober I would just be happy somehow but it wasn't that way before I was an alcoholic and I should have known it wouldn't be that way afterwards...Recently I have started taking meds for my depression and I'm finding that gnawing apathy I have for life and that wanting to just kill myself is somewhat subsiding. And so are my urges to drink again. I have different cravings for different moods. Maybe someone out there understands. When I was first getting sober I had insane cravings that pretty much defied all law or reason. It was really my rehab keeping me sober then...Now the only time I ever want to drink slightly is when I want to just end it. Rather than really hurt myself I decide drinking is better than actual suicide so I rationalize it for a second. But then I quickly play the tape forward and remember it's not worth it whatsoever. I have 406 fucking days. That's insane. ..I really just wasn't prepared for the amount of work this was going to take. I had to overcome alcohol and then mental illness. That is still a huge trek in progress. I have a really weird personality that is neurotic and erratic. I have found ways with therapy to combat that though and am doing it each day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi first of all 406 d. - that's damn impressive. Looking forward to 407 :-)...Although I don't have personal experience with depression treatment I'd just like to say that IMHO battling with what's inside your head is pretty badass as it is. No need to make it harder by drinking ;-)..Stay strong!
&gt; I really just wasn't prepared for the amount of work this was going to take. ..I hear you. The effort to stop drinking is enormous. The effort to seek and continue with help while depressed -- what's a word bigger than enormous? ..Yet you *are* doing the work. That is huge. With time (and perhaps meds and therapy) there will be more variety to feelings beyond 'less' apathetic and suicidal. From personal experience the time and effort didn't always seem worth living *through* so that I could feel like living *for* something. After making it to the other side of one major depressive episode I know that my life is worth making it through the next episode (have had 3). It sucks but the apathy is temporary; not short but not permanent. ..I came across a quote recently --- Your life belongs to you. Your death belongs to everyone who knows and loves you. --- or something like that. .. 406 days is fantastic! I'm glad you are here. I will not drink with you today. 
I've been wondering how you were doing!  This is a great update.
I tell people all the time it took me 14 months to get clear.
I often found my thoughts were like my cravings - they pass quickly if I let them. While my mood might be low for a day or a week my thoughts change frequently and if I can distract myself long enough I won't act on them. For me they're intertwined as I only get cravings when I'm angry/depressed. ..The longer I didn't drink the easier it got to ignore the thoughts/cravings but obviously once that problem got solved I had to deal with my mental health as a separate issue. Dammit!
high five
Thank you for sharing your challenges and triumphs.  So proud of you. I also think I have some ADD and depressive tendencies (though neither is "severe" enough to be diagnosed) and that definitely was intertwined with my alcohol abuse.  It will be uphill and tough to untangle all of it but one day at a time. All I know right now is no matter what I am not drinking today.  
I have struggled with this myself.  I think my problem came from telling myself that when I stop then everything will be amazing.  ..Life will still happen and there is no certainty life will be better the only certainty is that you will have no new problems caused by alcohol...Don't be too hard on yourself 406 days is freaking awesome.
I'm a dual diagnosis person so I can relate. It does seem like an immense amount of work but what is the alternative? Insanity or death i suppose. I drank a lot when I was really depressed and just wanted to end it all. Fortunately I have discovered those periods of my life always come to an end and things do get better. I'm glad you're getting treated for your depression.
I've had a cycle of relapses recently. I thought back to 3 years ago when I felt I could "run" my way out of a depression diagnosis. Recently I truly believe I had started self medicating with alcohol...I've taken a break and actually took the medicine my doctor asked me to take 3 years ago. It turns out that this medicine (Welbutrin) also helps with addiction issues. ..So I'm still running daily getting lots of sleep. Now I'm also not drinking and I take my medicine. The total package is helping dramatically.
For drunks depression is no joke. I suffered from it for years being too stubborn to seek help.  Cudos to you for taking it head on. It never felt to me that I was making enough progress until I looked back to where I was a year earlier. Often I was able to honestly say that my worst day today is better than my best day a year ago. If that's true for you then you're right where you're supposed to be. Cheers. 
I am proud of you. I've been in and out (mostly out) of depression for many years. Sometimes it's like a weight that I am carrying around and it's exhausting...I found that when drinking I was putting myself into a loop of anxiety-drink-more anxiety-drink...reaching escape velocity was hard...I truly believe you will feel better. You are doing so well and working so hard. Great job!
