-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67sn10/got_promoted_today/

Two-plus years ago I had a pretty major relapse lasting a few months. There were a lot of factors involved but a major one was work. I was contracting at the time and had been passed over for a full time hire. I was bitter and took it out on myself by drinking again. Heavily...I was eventually called out on it nearly lost my job and marriage but luckily stopped in time before it all fell apart.  Getting (and staying) clean again has been a long and sometimes difficult process but every day it gets a little better and a little easier. Some days it's only 0.001% better but even my worst days are better because I've been able to face them sober. I'm a better husband father and employee. ..Today I was asked out to lunch by my boss. I've been taking on more responsibilities lately and I was thinking he just wanted to show his appreciation for that with lunch. Instead he offered me a promotion making the "little extra things" I've been doing now an official part of my job. I was floored humbled and very appreciative. There's no way this would have been possible if I were still just a "functioning" alcoholic like before. I was able to show my additional capacity and the value I could bring to my team. I'm so grateful for that. ..As with most things there was luck and good timing involved. It might not have happened for me if my situation was a little different. But my ability to do more for myself and family and job would not have been different. I owe so much to my sobriety and I hope I never forget that. ..My life is better sober. Always.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesommmme! Go you. 
Hell yeah!  That rocks.  Congrats on the promotion man.  Way to go.  
How long do you have?? I got called out on smelling boozy today at work and got sent home. Hopefully last time that could ever happen 
How long do you have?? I got called out on smelling boozy today at work and got sent home. Hopefully last time that could ever happen 
That's huge man! Congratulations!
I don't know why but your post got me pretty emotional. It shows whats possible in measurable real ways. Being a better husband father employee. Being appreciated for what you do... Really glad for you really glad. ..Good job man. You should be proud. 
