-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67uj2r/now_i_start_to_grasp_the_long_term_problems_of/

After 5 months without being drunk... I can see the long term problems my "hobby" got me. I remember how so many times I didn't drink for a mere month and thought "oh thats it? it was easy I feel better... But it is not THAT different" and relapsed. I was a fool - didn't see just how deep my wounds were and how much more work had to be done...Going to sleep without cravings is one thing but gripping realizations that after 5 months sober I still avoid intimacy am distant to people who are supposed to be the closest ones... realizing I have anger issues that my work ethic SUCKS that I was living in a freaking fantasy world for as long as I remember... That's whole another thing...I used to think I know myself. Now I can see there are layers upon layers of things I have no idea about. That I still avoid many questions and many realizations. that I still avoid doing what must be done and ignore whats around me in different ways - without alcohol. My life is different - outside that is. But I can see how my inner workings still haven't changed THAT much. Maybe I am being too critical today but I see how problems which led me to the bottle are still here. The deep inner issues...Right now I put my faith into long term deep therapy - it seems to help. But it is freaking hard. Realizing that most of my character is just empty defenses that are venomous spit on people all around me. That I'm still dishonest with myself and people around me. That after 5 months without being drunk - which seemed like the main goal its just the mere beginning...I don't know where this journey will lead me but I hope I will be able to become an autonomous functioning person. Because after all is said and done I can see how right now I am neither...Bless you all and be strong!.
----------immediate responses--------

When I feel like you've expressed I try to focus on the progress in the journey.  You are further along today than you were yesterday.  It's work but it is so freaking worth it.  Keep on keeping on.
I relate to this one big time. I feel like now the real work has to start for me soon. It's nerve wracking for me because I'm inherently indecisive and probably just lazy to boot! Well said OP. Good luck to you on your journey maybe I'll catch you down the road!     
Like you and I a lot us are still fairly new to Sobriety. All you are feeling may be true about you but it seems to me you are being really hard on yourself. I had to realize that just *not drinking* had to be enough for me to work on in the beginning. And that has been plenty hard for me! Working on our better selves will come with time. I'm afraid to rush that cause I don't want fuck with just being sober. I know in the long run it's not enough to just be sober but for right now this is what I can handle ... Good luck to you!
Wow what an amazing post.  It seemed like you had a lot of self knowledge.  You know exactly where you are and you don't like it.  You have some ideas how you would like to be different.
[removed]
This sounds so familiar. I feel like all I have is my behaviours my addiction to escape reality. 
It's quite possible that your problems aren't caused by alcohol. Alcohol was simply a tool you used to dampen your perception of how bad these issues were without ever addressing them...Keep going to therapy stay sober and be careful. A little faith in your own humanity is a fragile sapling. You gotta give it time.
I am reading this and saying YES YES YES.  You have just described my character and my life and exactly how I feel about me and where I am and who I have been/am.  Thank you. It is good to feel that there is someone else out there going through it.  Like you I at at the point of realizing all those things but I am also really daunted by how much work lays ahead.  It seems like a full time job that will take the rest of my life so how will I manage it?
I can see a lot of myself in your words. Removing the habitual side of drinking has been only one thing. ..Working on the under-lying reasons why I drank in the first place is something else entirely. But I'm getting there...
I know it's not for everyone- but going to meetings has really helped me. I have so much anger since getting sober and having an outlet with others in the struggle is big. More tools in the toolbox. Good luck right there with you!! 
&gt;Realizing that most of my character is just empty defenses..I realized that too and it began to really kick in after I'd been sober about a year.  I'd often cried in my booze about how people reject me and push me away.  Was a huge epiphany to finally realize I'm the one doing the pushing.
This is a wonderful post - thank you so much.  I'm a few years down the road but far from a complete and fully functional person without problems and dependencies...I also found myself beginning a difficult process of confronting my own internal inconsistencies phobias and fears negative impulses that are so easily mis-translated into negative attitudes and behaviors toward others...I just finished re-reading "*Quantum Psychology*" by Robert Anton Wilson.  In this book (along with "Prometheus Rising" and "Cosmic Trigger") Wilson lays out an interesting model of our internal consciousness and the sources of our subconscious motivations and emotions.   Most interesting are the deep-seated internal worldview he suggests we develop at a very early age an unspoken worldview that shapes our reaction to the world throughout our lives...One of the best things about humans is that we are capable of understanding our own motivations actions and reactions and that we are able to change them.  It is a difficult process and a never-ending journey and it's one of the main things causing me to remain optimistic about our species...
Great post.  I completely agree with what you wrote.
Congratulations! You are seeing the fog clear and accepting that booze was really medicine for a deeper issue. I'm going through the same thing right now. I think long term sobriety rests on this realization and tackling it's demons. Just regurgitating the 12 steps and not addressing the real issues that lay beneath makes for a miserable dry drunk. I also think it sets the foundation for relapse. True inner soul searching will help someone become a happy and growing person in recovery. I still think AA plays a part but personal work plays a major role as well. Just my humble O. 
You just described my situation perfectly... Glad to know there are others who feel this way. I will not drink with you today bud hang in there.
I feel the same way. My method of hiding was smoking weed and not drinking and I would never equate the two... and yet I feel the same struggle and many of the same realizations about who I really am without the illusion of self that being high all the time created. ..Respect and support to you on your journey.
Thank you for sharing this it sounds so much like me. I'm only one month into sobriety and just yesterday I was thinking "this isn't THAT great I could have a drink." Posts like this help. Best of luck bud 
I heard a good thing about therapy vs. AA. Therapy is talking through your emotions in hopes that you can change your actions. AA is changing your actions first and hoping that your emotions change as a result. ..It's rough at first because you still feel like trash but when you can get into helping other people out that really start to pull you out of the other bad habits. In my experience anyway. ..I'm doing both AA and therapy. They both have their upsides. 
I've been lurking here for a while. I've been wanting to drink a lot less and through therapy and reading posts here daily I've gotten to a very (seemingly until reading this) healthy point where I don't get drunk but I still come to bars to socialize a couple times a week. ..Reading this is one of the most powerful things I've come across. I'm just now seeing what this has done to who I am as a person in the last 3 years and realizing how these changes I saw in myself weren't me changing as a person but changing behavior as an addict...I wish you the best of luck my friend if you've come to this realization I feel that you have the whole world ahead of you and everything you want within your grasp. Maybe it's a realization that many of you sober users have had happen already but this is the first time I've read it and it's hitting me hard. I want to thank you for posting this I'll never forget this. I feel aware for once and I feel inspired. ..Thank you again and stay strong. 
I'm realizing that while alcohol is a legitimate problem for me my drinking I think was also a symptom or bad form of self medication to avoid dealing with deeper and more important emotional issues. I relate. Won't drink with you today.
Congratulations!  Realizing all that and getting serious about therapy with 5 months of sobriety is great!..I don't have ton of sober time but I've found that it gets better and easier.  For about 8 months I was in individual and marital therapy and doing a lot of self help.  I realized that I was pretty messed up after 10 years as a drunk and that it was going to take time as well as effort to get better.  It was hard and tiring and very emotionally taxing but it was worth it.  ..You are on a powerful path.  :)
well said. thank you for your insight! and I'm happy as hell for you.
I've looked at it this way - it was only in sobriety that I could've addressed my own flaws my codependencies my low-self esteem/self-abuse tendencies etc because I was too numb to even be aware enough of them before too drunk to sort it out or even think coherently...So once getting sober - there's a lot of stuff piled up. And it's overwhelming to think about. And it's tempting to think "Omg I'm such a horrible person." ..Very few people are actually 100% horrible people. Most of us are good people with flaws - some flaws serious some flaws pretty insignificant...I think it's important in the early days to - like /u/Dartaga said focus on the sobriety first because self-improvement comes in time. But also to look at yourself in a balanced way. Most of your character is not bad. Looking for the good in yourself and learning to love yourself are part of this journey too. :) 
I felt like I was reading my own post reading yours. Thank you. Often times when we push people away we feel like we are alone in our struggle. The common thought that goes through our mind in this negative state is that why are we the only ones going through this while the rest of the world seems normal. It's comforting knowing that other people have the same issues and more importantly are working on making them better. ..thank you for your post my friend. 
Thanks for sharing so deeply. It helps me gain insights into my own issues. I'm thinking of you on our journey.
I'm very similar to you friend.  Sobriety only unmasked root causes and character defects that I had been self medicating with alcohol.  Basically drunk me really didn't care if I had character flaws..I am on a pretty strong prescription of weekly therapy meditation and Eckhart Tolle now and I'm starting to see things how they really are and s t a r t I n g to figure out how things that happened 40 years ago can still play on an endless loop in my brain and effect how I behave today...I used to chalk things up as "personality quirks" until I really examined them and tried to figure out how I got this way and how a lot of those "quirks" were really flaws and only led to hiding and anxiety about who I really am...I'm changing and it isn't always easy.  But it feels right and that's enough.  One positive thing about all of this is the fact that drinking now scares the shit out of me and I have no desire for even a drop of alcohol.  So I guess that's good...
I hear you and feel you on all this SO much right now! Comin' up on 9 months and the past 3 months have been soooooo difficult. Keep on keepin' on. We got this!
You are going to be fine! You are fine. Just work on doing the next right thing.
I will say congrats just on doing some self-reflection in general! I read recently that more than 1/2 of americans would rather get electric shocks for 5 minutes than sit and listen to their own thoughts. I have been on a huge meditation kick trying like you to dig up the unresolved issues which lead to alcohol abuse in the first place. I have no advice or tips just saying congratulations for stepping up as a human and at least attempting to wake up. We need more of this worldwide. 
I dont think you are being to hard on yourself... how else are these problems going to get addressed if you dont see them. Best thing i found is just go to a friend and talk about it. By saying whats really on your mind you let it out. You free up that space to let new ideas in. You can look at it for what it is instead of what you think it is. 
Could have written this myself. Congrats on your sobriety. I will not drink w you today!
Yep and yep! I get where you are coming from and it takes time to change things as well as work but it is well worth it! The late Robin Williams summed it up pretty well when he said in one of his comedy routines "When I sobered up I realized I was still an @$$h0le I now just have fewer dents in my car."
I've been feeling kind of lost lately. Thank you for putting it into words. 
I completely agree.  I remember thinking how I was totally fine the next day and could function just fine.  what a lie I was telling myself!  compared to how I feel at work now I was running on half the brain power.
I'm at almost 5 years and still having to deal with realizations about myself and my problems. 
I've been exactly where you are.   And great job on coming to these realizations. ...4 years in and I'm finally out the other side.  I feel good most of the time.  And very content.  The majority of my anger has been let go.  And my self hatred has evaporated. ...It took therapy 12 steps lifestyle changes and ultimately antidepressants. ...But dammit it was worth it.   Keep going.  You'll get there.  
What an excellent post.  Coffee cheers to you in your important growth.
