-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67vi8c/the_day_after/

I hadn't had a drink for over 30 days until yesterday. It started as a seemingly innocent after work dinner out with coworkers. I have been stressed out at work and also by the mental and emotional strain of not drinking. I used those circumstances to justify "just a couple beers" to blow off some steam. A few beers turned into an all night drink fest full of bad decisions wasted money and a full blown hangover the day after. Aside from the physical symptoms of my hangover I am struggling now with depressive thoughts. The familiar conversation with my wife ("I made a mistake" "I'm sorry I disappointed you") and the sudden loss of self-respect and self-esteem are all too familiar at this point. Why do I keep doing this? I have friends and family who chalk it up to a lack of willpower. I don't disagree with them. The kicker here is that getting down on myself only makes things worse and my drive to self-medicate even stronger. I've spent so much time beating myself up and spiraling downward. It is very difficult to ask my friends and family to help lift me up when I am the one who has made mistakes and brought this on myself. I wish I had answers that worked for me to share. Instead as I sit struggling through the "day after" all I can do is share where I am at. If nothing else I want others who struggle like I do to know they aren't alone. I'm picking back up my sobriety today and attempting to focus on the future and good things in my life (day friends career). I'm trying to balance my remorse and responsibility for my bad decisions with a desperate need to stay positive. I have people who love me that is why they and I am hurt by my actions. That is something to think about for me to help pull me back up from the floor.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry this happened. I think of my journey as a road trip. I have taken a few wrong turns myself. But just like a road trip I get pissed pull over and look at the map. Then I get back on the road. It is a mistake that I have to let go and focus on the road and all the tricky merges off-ramps and interchanges. Get back on the road friend! I wish you well...I won't be drinking with you today.
&gt; Why do I keep doing this? I have friends and family who chalk it up to a lack of willpower. I don't disagree with them. The kicker here is that getting down on myself only makes things worse and my drive to self-medicate even stronger. I've spent so much time beating myself up and spiraling downward...Quoted for truth.  I found that not getting too down on myself was key because it wasn't helpful.  The question 'why do I keep doing this' is a good one.  I started to identify specific triggers why I picked up that first drink that day and what I would do differently so I could avoid the situation entirely or failing that so I could have a different reaction to the trigger...People say 'willpower' because to them it may be true.  For me it's not.  I know plenty of people that don't actually want another drink after having 3 or 4.  For me I want that next drink more than anything else in the world.  So their opinions on 'what's right' for me are obviously not coming from a place of understanding.  I proceed from there.  Not giving up takes strength so good job coming back and I won't drink with you today!
[removed]
I say this a lot but it really has been so important for me... I try to talk to myself like a friend. I wouldn't kick a friend who was down ya know? I might be real with them but I certainly wouldn't beat them up about it. We say things to ourselves we would never think were okay to say to another person. ..It's great that you're here. You haven't lost any of the progress you've made. Progress not perfection right? What can you do differently next time to try to avoid this situation? Can you learn something useful from this relapse? ..I'm proud of you for coming and posting here and being honest with your wife. It's not easy to face unpleasant things. Especially for us drinkers who have learned to run escape from and forget our problems. I'm not drinking with you today!
I'm a pretty independent person. Fiercely so...And yet when I needed  move my couch I couldn't do it alone. It was too heaviy too cumbersome.....It's okay to ask for help especially so if that group or person has experience with your struggles...This sub has helped me tremendously but if I find myself needing more help then I'll find a person or group that can help me...Gladly not drinking with you today my friend.
One day of drinking after 30 days of sobriety is not a failure. You made a mistake but if you learn from it and it sounds like you did you can look at it in a positive light. I know it's hard. I've made the "never again" promise and blown it too. But I have started to string more and more days together and to really reflect on and remove what triggers me. ..I am reading a fiction book right now and two of the characters are recovering alcoholics. One of them mentions HALT as in think about if you are Hungry Angry Lonely or Tired before you have that first drink and deal with that emotion/issue instead of drinking. ..FWIW we are all here for you and in this together. You are on the right track. You just stopped at the wrong station last night.  
I found it helpful to accept it isn't about willpower.  It is about alcohol being an addictive poison that is "powerful cunning and baffling."  Me vs. vodka vodka will always win.  But me + something else ("higher power" this sub other drunks - WHATEVER) vs. vodka - I have a fighting chance.  Use last night to empower your fight to be free.  
You got it! Be well!!! 
