-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67xv68/one_year/

I just passed one year sober. I thought I'd make some big post about the wisdom I've acquired or the inner peace I've found but neither really describes where I am. I'm basically the same as I was before but sober. My problems didn't suddenly go away just my ability to escape from them with booze. Sober life is unrelenting. Whether it's hard or easy happy to sad it never stops. I appreciate this engaged form of living even when it's difficult. I'm going to stay sober because sober life at it's worst is never as bad as my life was with alcohol. ..This is an awkward anniversary because I can't celebrate it publicly. I can't post to Facebook or tell all my friends. My brother called me to congratulate me. He's also in recovery (for far longer) remembered my sobriety date and called. It was a really touching gesture and I'm grateful for those in my life who understand the struggle including everyone in here. I will join you all in not drinking today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Soberversarry!
Awww yay brother! I put a picture of my 30 day yellow chip of my facebook one time and I shit you not I had someone comment if there was a poker and beer night they were missing....... I didn't explain &amp; let it go lol. Happy cake day!..high five
That's awesome. I'm lucky that everyone I know knows I sober even my bosses. We make jokes about it (usually about mushrooms my favorite substance). But we're happy to share your monumental achievement. 
One year is so awesome! I'm trying not to get ahead of myself and be content with where I'm at but ohmygawd I'm jelly of y'all with one (+) year. I'll get there tho. ..I feel you on not being able to shout it from the rooftops. I mean we *could* tell everyone and their mother but that might get awkward. How kind of your brother to remember! I don't even think my husband knows my date. ..Keep it up! You're a rock star and an inspiration to folks like me. I will not drink with you.
congratulations.  keep on the well train and good things will continue to happen.  i liken sobriety to the stock market over the long run.  peaks and valleys but the trend line is up.  
Hooray for you that's awesome!
You can celebrate with us! Rock on!
Congrats on a year! :)
Congrats!..Yes it is unrelenting. Usually good but it's all there all the time. Today we can walk through it. 
Gave me goosebumps reading this. Thank you. I'll stay sober with you today.
Bravo!!   That is a huge accomplishment. ..Go buy yourself something nice.  
Congratulations! We know how great you are. I will follow you !..Congratulations again!!
Appreciate the realness. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations! Yeah I know the struggle it's kind of hard to celebrate this stuff.
congratulations on a major milestone!  you deserve to be celebrated for your accomplishment!  you rock!
Well done and all the best for the coming year and beyond.
Congratulations! This truly is a great feat - a whole year! 
Congratulations!!! I look forward to the one year sober.. 
I don't feel comfortable telling too many people or being very open about it. Mainly because I don't feel like my reasons are valid enough (to societies standards) to warrant recovery. My rock bottom wasn't the worst. So I keep it to myself and a few close friends. 
