-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/67z4g0/new_here_and_hoping_this_helps/

I've been lurking for a while and recently saw a post that was "calling  all lurkers" so here I am. :) And it's a little bit scary to be here because it's the first time I've ever actually gotten involved in admitting that I have a problem to other people...I'm not sure when I started becoming dependant on alcohol. I've never before considered myself an alcoholic because I always thought "alcoholic" meant someone who couldn't have their morning coffee without adding a shot of Jamison but I recently read something on the interwebs somewhere where someone described alcohol addiction as being a very personal thing and everyone has their own definition of what it means to them. That was actually a really good thing to read because it started to help me put things in perspective...For me it's gotten to a point where don't even think about it I just have a glass of wine and then another and then another each night. It's a way to wind down and relax but then I end up being unproductive and feeling like crap when I go to sleep. Wake up lather rinse repeat...My partner and I have both tried it all stop drinking completely stop drinking at home stop drinking during the week and limit it to just the weekends. We both get really into it at first but then fall back into the same habits. We enable one another and we both know it...Last night I bought a bottle of nice wine and we drank it while watching TV. No amazing meal to go with it no special occasion. Just wine and TV. What's the point? I felt like crap when I went to bed I felt like crap when I woke up. My partner did too. I'm out $30 for that bottle of wine that tasted good but did nothing outside of get me drunk before bed. We both decided (again) "no more drinking at home." My fear is that it won't stick and I'll fall back into the same routine. I don't want that to happen. I guess I feel like I need it to be an "all or nothing" thing but I'm struggling. I know that whatever road lies ahead is going to be a tough one...Thanks for listening and I'm looking forward to being a part of this group and not officially lurking any longer. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Let me be the first to welcome you! You're absolutely right - each of our relationships with alcohol is a very personal thing. And good for you for coming out and admitting that you're relationship isn't healthy...For me the key to making things stick and not falling back into old habits continuously was realizing that I didn't like alcohol anymore. It was leaving me dissatisfied with life. From there even when I was (and am) tempted I remember that I made the choice to stop because alcohol got me nowhere...I'm really glad you're here and I hope to see you stick around!! 
Welcome to SD!! I only drank at home and eventually the daily bottles started adding up and I am in a huge mess - so happy to hear that you can quitting now before things blow up ") I wish you the best of luck and congrats on take the leap into posting - it can be terrifying the first time for sure throwing it all out there and being vulnerable. ..[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I drank beer every day for 20 years and I never thought I had "a problem". I went to work came home cracked open a few beers but the truth is I was just coasting through the work day waiting to go home and have a drink. ..Looking back I see all the bad decisions I made all the mountains I made out of molehills all because I was living those 10 hours a day half-hungover and never really seeing beyond the day to day. 
Thank you for sharing. I spent a lot of nights lurking. It was so hard to admit to myself I had a problem but sharing online (and eventually in AA) was really helpful. .I hope this doesn't come off as flippant because it is 110% sincere - have you ever tried La Croix? 
I was you 117 days ago.  ..6.00pm = wine time.  In fact any time after 5.00pm was a good time to open the wine.  Not every day because some days I would have a beer or two or three instead.  But it was a real habit and I was living what felt like a perpetual hangover...Now if you offered me a glass of wine I would politely refuse.  My life has been transformed.  Just take it one day at a time and if you are like me you'll suddenly find you don't actually want to ruin how well you are feeling...I wish you well :).
