-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6841sv/finding_new_ways_to_celebrate/

Hello SD.So I crushed it at work yesterday. Got and e-mail from my supervisor that she was sharing my success story with the leadership team. Then I got an e-mail that they were planning on sharing this info with everyone agency wide. So i done did real good  Haha. But the thing that really bothered me the rest of the day was that immediate thought of "I can't wait to get off work and drink some beers to celebrate" I honestly considered it. I thought ill just have 2. Nobody will have to know. And then my reality kicked in. I CANT drink just 2. I don't drink in moderation. As much as I wish I could be that person I'm just not wired that way. So I kept beating myself up all day but I didn't do it. I didn't drink. I told my partner about the internal struggle I was feeling and she suggested I drink a coke "maybe the bubbly would help" or we could go shopping for some make up to congratulate myself. But neither of those seemed "right". I just stayed homewatched tv and went to sleep early. So my question is.... how do you all get out of that funk? Should I have taken my partners advice and forced myself to do those things?.... they probably would have helped. But I was just feeling so crummy at that moment. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome about your day and so good to share it here.  I am having one of those days myself now: totally high energy things going well and right about now (late pm for me) as the day is winding down on every other Friday I'd be planning my friday nigh/weekend binge.  But today is different; not only I am not doing that I have no desire to.  I have had a great day and that is good enough. I am going to let the day be what it was: a great day. I am not going to change it by using alcohol and feeling like crap tomorrow and change tomorrow too. I'll let tomorrow be a day where I wake up early with tons of energy and do good things.  .Like I am not focused on the alcohol buzz that I am going to miss because I am so much more excited about what I have planned for tomorrow and getting up early and getting it started hangover-free.  
There are a million things to do that don't involve drinking.....but sometimes doing nothing is ok as well.  I have found it useful to be a bit bored on occasion as I can then remind myself how much wine I would have drunk trying not to be bored!!..It gets easier....
Nice work!!..Over time that impulse to drink will fade.   But you should absolutely celebrate your successes.  A coke is nice.  But a fancy dinner or buying yourself something nice as a reward is great. ..It's easy to justify when you start tallying up what you haven't spent on booze so far.
I've learned that it doesn't matter what's in my glass. What matters is What's in my heart. I've toasted to anything and everything with club soda and a lime. I love that feeling of looking loved ones in the eyes and smiling like a fool and raising my glass and clinking. Gives me a thrill. Who cares what's in the glass? I don't! 
&gt; So my question is.... how do you all get out of that funk? Should I have taken my partners advice and forced myself to do those things?.... they probably would have helped. But I was just feeling so crummy at that moment...I made conscious efforts to remove alcohol from the equation and enjoy things based on their own merits. Deliberately and directly associating alcohol with enjoyment for so long made it really really hard; I had conditioned myself to immediately go for a drink when I wanted a reward so I had to more or less re-teach myself how to enjoy things like a normal person. ..When I was feeling up or down and wanted a drink I did something else. Shitty week at work? I treated myself to a massive greasy dinner on Friday not worried about calories cost or anything else; I just absolutely CRUSHED that dinner and enjoyed every single bite. Got a raise at work? I went and bought myself a video game that I was eyeing up and paired it with some snacks and soda and relived my childhood days. Bored on a Saturday? Went to the grocery store and decided to try cooking something that I had always wanted to try (there's obviously a theme with the food here lol)...Honestly the transition in thinking happened so gradually that I wasn't even conscious of it. I can't pinpoint the exact moment but there was a point that I realized I was defaulting to healthier things and not even considering alcohol as an option. ...
Congrats that is awesome!! I am sorry the day ended in a funk for you though - you seem to have a lot of good responses though! I would say I would force myself to do it.... although realistically I would prob just pout lol. I need some reprogramming still...Congrats again on your NDV!!!
Just getting home from work and seeing your responses. Thank you all so much for your words. Yesterday was weird but today was another day and work went by smoothly. Had I gone through with drinking last night I know that wouldn't have been possible. Again thank you all for your responses. There is just something so awesome and validating that I feel when reading them. I know you all understand and we continue on this sober journey together and that feels good. I will not drink with you today. :)
