-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/687k8b/weekend_writing_codependence/

For me and I know this is true for others my dysfunctional relationship with alcohol indicated other likely dysfunctional relationships (*how you anything is how you do everything* so to speak). Codependent relationships with significant others with parents and/or with authority figures are fairly common. I found this description of it helpful:..>Dysfunctional relationships don't necessarily involve codependence but they may. Codependent relationships are close relationships where much of the love and intimacy in the relationship is experienced in the context of one person's distress and the other's rescuing or enabling. The helper shows love primarily through the provision of assistance and the other feels loved primarily when they receive assistance. The intense shared experiences of the other's struggles and disasters and the helper's rescues deepen the emotional connection and feelings of intimacy..In the codependent relationship the helper's emotional enmeshment leads them to keenly feel the other's struggles and to feel guilt at the thought of limiting their help or terminating the relationship. This motivates them to reduce the other's suffering (and their own) by continued helping and makes them quick to back off of any limits they set...**How have codependent or otherwise dysfunctional relationships been affected by your choice to stop drinking? Have your behaviors changed? Have the relationship dynamics changed? What do you notice?**
----------immediate responses--------

I tend to get into (and stay in) relationships with toxic people people with self-esteem problems people who are emotionally abusive etc. I too once had very low self-esteem and still struggle with it although now I have a sense of what loving myself looks like. ..So anyway I'd get into relationships where the other person treated me like crap or where there were red flags etc and I'd just stay. I would tolerate it. Because being alone was worse. Because I didn't deserve better. Because I'm so ugly and blah blah so I'm lucky this person even wanted to date me. And I'd drink to get away from whatever problems there were. ..My last relationship was miserable. I dated a narcissist for two years. She was controlling manipulative belittling. She threatened to break up with me if she wasn't getting her way in a fight and she picked a fight about EVERYTHING. ..My drinking problem was a secret. Very few people knew or suspected. And it was a secret to my ex too. Until she came home 324 days ago and found me drunk. Alcohol is truth serum right? I'd been angry about her emotional abuse all day and when she came home to pick yet another fight about how the house wasn't spotless the moment she walked in I fought back. I said some dumb things - what exactly I don't remember as my brain was soaked in an entire bottle of cheap Chardonnay. ..She figured out I was drunk. It all came out about my drinking problem. She was screaming at this point "if you don't leave this house right now I might hurt you!" ..I did. I left. Lived at my Mom's for a week. I was terrified by her words. Would she really hurt me? Could I go back? Ultimately I did go back for another 6 months. I didn't deserve better and especially not since now I was a useless alcoholic right? At any rate that night of the fight was my last drink. ..Getting sober in this environment was eye-opening. Suddenly I couldn't drink away the fights. Suddenly I had to feel how much she made me feel like trash. Suddenly I had to realize that literally every day of being with this person was hell. When I was drunk all the time her words weren't so sharp. ..I decided to break this cycle of enabling her constant angry behavior. I decided to put myself first and believe that I did deserve better that I deserve happiness. So I left. ..I don't know what the path looks like from here other than - building my own self-esteem so I don't become an easy target for more toxic people. I'm scared to date again. I feel like trying the same thing over again and expecting a different result is insanity. ..So I'll stay single and do my therapy and AA until I figure out what a healthy relationship looks like. But it's only sobriety that gave me this chance. 
My partner doesn't drink.  I naturally take charge in the relationship and is a very go-with-the-flow type.  He does 100% of my alcohol purchases and has no radar for what is problematic behaviour.  As such past attempts to quit were lackluster because I knew I had a huge enabler by my side.  I work 3 jobs and all he wants for me is to relax so he will run out day or night whether I needed tequila or ice cream - if I am distressed...When I got serious (this time) I had to sit down and have a deliberate talk with him and manually change our relationship.  I guess I had an idea of how to structure it because I watch a lot of Dr. Phil (for whatever reason??) and made it clear that he is only hurting me by giving in and that there needs to be a power shift.  I told him exactly how to hold me accountable and he's done so pretty well!..The ripple effect is neat too.  I am prone to lazily whining for drinks or the window open etc.  When I do that my partner now chuckles and tells me I'm perfectly capable.  Hmph.  :P  It's been really nice to let down my guard with him and admit to a side of me I've never shown anyone. 
I am THE enabler... Ot at least I think so...It all strarted when Iw as a kid and my mom and pa were fighting all the time. I played the role fo a little saviour the mediator. Talking with them calming them down... Soon after I started to feel the stress of keeping the emotional balance at home at bay. And from the looks of it my parents started going to me with their problems themselves. I became the emotional tampon for the family...Later on from rpimary school to highschool... people loved to tell me their problems. during that time my best "buds" were constantly neglecting my needs talking behind my back simply being dicks to me and etc... When I moved out it started to change a little... I developed some sense of self but it soon came crushing down when I started getting into romantic relationships... It became all about those girls I dated their needs... I wasn't like the greatest boyfriend or something but my self esteem was tied to them. I was dependant to the relationships to survive like I am too weak to live without it. ..And it was hell. It is hell. I have this urge to "save" to "help" but I am myself not safe or helped. I feel constant stress from this responsibility like I am always not good enough not helping enough.....And I enable and enable... I enable being a tital dick from my father so that he would feel better. I would enable my friends drinking byr elapsing so they woulddn't feel alone. I would enable my friends bullshit by not calling him out by being "nice" two-faced and all that......It is just so much to grapple with. SO much to grasp I am sure I don't quite get all of it... I feel conflicted... I want whats best for all of us but what is it? I wish I had enough money to live alone... With no "friends" or my family members. Maybe I should move in with stragers... But I am scared.. Scared that I'll have to be social after long day at work... Scared that tey will be noisy load demeaning or in any way worse than my current ararngment... anyway.....What worries me the most is that I am starting to feel that my current gf is abusing me in her own ways always being a victim. I can't relax with her anymore because she always has some tragedy around the corner. I can't share my worries because hers are so much bigger. I feel truly lost this morning and want to get away. Far far away. Probably going to play some computer games or something.
This is something I've given a lot of thought to in the past months as I've wondered if my marriage will survive me getting sober. When I was drinking we certianly enabled each other I have no question of that but was it a codependent situation? The facts about us would suggest I am the dependent; he's 8 years older and as such would seem to be the one in charge I'm not great at being responsible where he gets things done ahead of time he makes plans where I play it by ear and see where life takes me. As much as I rail against the idea of depending on somebody else I have to be honest in saying I rely on him a lot to get things done...Confounding the situation is the shared tragedy of losing his daughter. Everything certianly changed after that while I was devastated myself I also had to be the strong one to keep us going. And our enabling of each other's drinking maxed out. You're going to start drinking everyday? Well that's OK as long as I can too. It went on like that for two years before I stopped...And that's where we are now. Me not drinking and him drinking every day. I still have a lot of questions around our relationship it's something I don't feel like there's an easy answer to. I'd like to be able to move past any codependency where we mutually build each other up and grow solely because we love each other. I'm just not sure if we'll get there...
I once heard codependency described as "When I want to see how I feel I take your temperature.". Sometimes I say I am codependent on everything and everyone in the world because I do so many things I don't want to just because someone else has expressed a need and asked me. Then I get mad at myself and go for my reward: wine. 
It's interesting because in other relationships *I* am the saviour. I pick relationships where I can be the crutch for the other person. Projection maybe? 
My ex and I were both drunks off-and-on and when she was in the dumps I'd clean up my act and take care of her and vice versa. We never could get on the same page. She left and got sober and I'm getting sober apart from her now. She holds me accountable now--won't come around at all if I've been drinking. We could have saved ourselves a lot of anguish if we figured this out years ago. At any rate it feels so much better to be healthy and to get a taste of what a healthy relationship looks like. The discipline is not backsliding i.e. "I relapsed because you hurt my feelings" etc. This time around my greatest realization is I drink because I'm a drunk--no other explanation. It's unfair to put that on anyone else and it's weak.
I do see some changes lately in how I approach relationships.  The main change actually has to do with my relationship with myself especially becoming more aware and accepting of certain emotions in that I've tended to avoid. (My means of avoidance have been numerous but drinking and codependent relationships are probably the biggest two.) Loneliness and grief are the two main emotions I've avoided feeling. Accessing these emotions seems to be leading me into a slowly unfolding (but real) renewal of the spirit adjusting of life expectations and readiness to move forward again. ..So I can't yet say exactly what all will happen in my relationships with others. But as I change my relationship to myself and to my own emotions I am discovering hopes that I'll be able to adjust old relationships away from codependency  as well as build new ones that are not codependent at all.  I think I have some self esteem issues to also tackle too before those hopes come to fruition. And a good bit more sobering and centering to do. One thing I know is that right now every day I don't drink is some of the best progress I could be making toward having the types of relationships I want. 
earlier this week i went back and re-read the email thread i exchanged with my friend after my ex grabbed me and hurt me in a bar. ..&gt;He knows everything. ..&gt;This is also tied into a bigger thing--he's been super resentful and shitty lately and if I try to point out to him that he's doing a tit-for-tat or being really aggressive about something he tells me that I'm "smug and malicious" and will basically remove himself from the conversation (which is totally okay except then he'll yell at me and basically tell me how I'm feeling even when I'm like "that's not right at all I don't feel that way" etc.). ..&gt;This seems symptomatic of a bigger problem (that I can't totally identify and he refuses to recognize or even talk about) but the escalation to something physical (and sexual which is of course def. triggering based on past experience) is seriously troubling. ..&gt;"So was it J____-related shit or is he just getting caught in the blast radius?"..&gt;I'm not even angry about the thing as much as I am shocked and betrayed you know? Like he knows *everything* every detail more than I have ever told anyone I think and I know that these physical things are rarely one offs. It also puts also some other things into perspective that I wrote off as harmless "he's a lot bigger than me and sometimes we horse around and he accidentally hurts me" and now I'm questioning that harmlessness. Also maybe unfair. I don't know. ..re-reading this scares the shit out of me. if a friend told me what had happened and then sent me this i would be like GIRL RUN. when i think about our relationship in retrospect with what i know now i recognize it for what it was: a financially abusive straight up abusive situation. i was being *worked*. and i just couldn't see it. the whole narrative of our relationship was "this wonderful man seems to want me and i'm a fucking mess" and it set me up for tolerating escalating bad behavior...i almost married this person...i almost *married* this person...i almost married *this* person...you know i worked in a domestic violence shelter for years. i know how this works. i know that physical events are *never* isolated incidents; there are usually a bevy of red flags of manipulation control verbal abuse etc. before you get there. and i knew that in the moment which is why i was so shook by the situation. there were nearly three years of red flags that i had just...missed. refused to see maybe...my romantic relationships are uniformly disastrous with men who range from merely withholding to outright abusive (and always always always addicts and alcoholics). i basically repeat the same relationship i have with my mom over and over again where i sink a ton of emotional and creative and financial energy (sometimes more one than another) into another person hoping they will return it to me and basically living on feelings of rejection and abandonment. i got by on breadcrumbs. i think a part of me is so afraid of receiving a real meal of love from other people because it means i'd actually know what it's like to feel full and that would be something too painful to lose. at least losing breadcrumbs feels like "oh well i guess it wasn't much anyway." ..and yeah those people are totes available and present when i don't have any needs when i'm doing them a favor when i'm giving them insight they can't give themselves but the minute i am like 'hey i'm here too' they either treat me poorly or bail. the minute i wave the flare they're *out*. and i put up with it because of their good qualities (which somehow to me in the moment should balance out the rest) or because they're wounded (excuses) or because i don't really know how to get out of this cycle. their behavior is not my fault but i've long known that i play a major role in this dynamic that i keep getting into. i've known it for years even though i keep going through this pattern...sobriety has caused an upset in any and all friendships that have *any* parallel to this pattern because turns out being present and clear-headed means i just can't keep doing it. i'm not bouncing out like i used to (in a blaze of glory! former me would be chill chill chill...until i burned the fucking city down on my way out of town). it feels more concrete than it used to too and i feel much more capable of following through. ..i'm really glad that this is not all or even most of my relationships at this point (i have so many fucking solid friendships it's unbelievable and i am literally the luckiest person alive to have them) but it's still really sad and painful and disappointing. most of all i'm disappointed in myself. i feel like i should know better and like i'm just such a weak weak person. i feel like i'm mourning all of the time i've wasted and wonder if i'm just too broken to fix this. ..i don't know how it impacts relationships moving forward as i'm primarily focused on work and my well-being right now. those relationships were established by lil drunk me and it's not like she was making solid choices. so i guess we'll see. ..
Woof. This is something I've been thinking A LOT about lately. I left my last partner (whose inability to tolerate distress took a large toll on both of us) at three months sober. They would snap at me for the tiniest thing criticize me constantly for the way I dressed cooked grooming habits etc and react in ways that terrified me whenever things didn't go their way. I live alone now and it's been better but I think I'm still not taking care of myself the way I need to be -- I want to be in another relationship. I'm falling into this fantasy of running away from my life/job/town with this friend of mine who is planning on moving across the country at the end of the summer. I had sex with them recently and it's been fucking with my head. I was very sure before then that what I wanted was a stable life with a partner etc but this person is making themselves available for an "intimate friendship" (emotionally and physically intimate -- they're a good listener and communicator-- but they're not available in the way I would like which I think might be a good thing since I have a tendency to start feeling abandoned when people aren't at my beck and call and I want to get past that). I don't know it's all very confusing. I used to travel and make art all the time and I miss that life. I even did it sober for a while and that was the happiest and healthiest I've ever been. Part of me is seeing the developing relationship with this person as an opportunity to get back to that place but I need to reign in some of my codependency issues and ambivalence...I'd welcome any advice on this because it's been very troubling to me. I'm torn between "stay where you are work the boring but stable job be alone" and "run away accept a little more financial instability make art possibly continue building a relationship with this person but realistically we're probably just gonna stay friends"
I am not able to talk about it yet - I cut off my codependent and otherwise dysfunctional relationships. They told me to in rehab the first time (mainly refering to my then husband) and basically I said screw that they were wrong. They were indeed right though so round two of rehab and a divorce later I am feeling freer/lighter/that I actually have a possibility of not only surviving this disease and the ability to manage my life but having a successful &amp; happy one...[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
She wanted money for a gift for my cousin's baby shower.  She wanted money that I didn't have.  She wanted money on a Saturday while I was rushing out the door to go to work.  She wanted money now...I'd had enough.  She called me on my way to work and I told her exactly what I thought and felt.  I didn't hold back sugar coat it use any euphemisms.  I wasn't nice.  But I was honest...She texted me that she didn't want me to come home that night.  She left a backpack for me with a change of clothes.  That night I slept at my sister's...I paid 100% of the rent.  She worked drank got high and chained smoked cigarettes.  I was upset that she wanted me to leave I paid the rent.  I told her that I wanted her to leave for a couple of nights. ..That didn't go over well.  She was blacked out drunk before noon on a Sunday.  I had to leave work to go pick up our naked daughter. ..This is enough for today.  I've never really typed all of this out.  Co-dependent... everything was tied up through her.  My daughter my ability to work my bed.  This was over 2.5 years ago and I'm still dealing with the wreckage but I'm not drinking.
I'm the breadwinner of the relationship.  I own the house I pay the bills I have the car I make the plans.  It's exhausting.  I drank to cover up these feelings and to take the edge off so I wouldn't have to face them...After I stopped drinking I chatted with my therapist about how tired I was of being the leader and the caretaker she gave me homework assignments to do with my boyfriend.  Have him pick a place for lunch.  He can plan a fun saturday night out.  A meal to make for dinner.  Nothing too big but would empower him...Without booze to hide behind I'm no longer afraid to ask him to do things and to express how I feel.  It's really great.  But scary because we're slowly changing our relationship....but ultimately really great.
Ugh. My mother is my narcissistic father's codependent enabler. My sister is my alcoholic bro in law's codependent enabler. And either one looked away (mom) or enabled my 'party hard Lyfe' with me (sis)...Codependency is F'ed.
