-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/689utk/i_am_struggling/

I had 7 months sober and thought i was cured. I remember the moment i lost the battle wasnt at 7 months but rather at 5. I was laying in bed at 2 am not able to sleep and thought man just 1 shot right now would send me off to bed comfortable. From that day on it was a fight that i eventually lost on my birthday. Now its been 2 months of binge drinking every other weekend and i dont want to go on. I have a house two cars a wife two kids a great job and i just want to not wake up tomorrow. I finally decided to go to rehab and have an appointment to see the therapist in a few weeks. I know its the alchohol that causes this chemical embalance but i am just tired of life. Even on these antidepressants. Maybe they take a while to make you happy. Any thoughts or experiences are welcome.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you are going to get some help.  I think I'm looking more for satisfaction as opposed to happiness.  Happiness comes and goes.  Satisfaction comes from sticking to principals and working toward goals.  I won't drink with you today.  Sending you a cyber hug.  Things will get better.
Welcome back.  You can do this!  Good job seeing a therapist and for your rehab plans.  ..Have you read This Naked Mind?  I gave it a shot and it actually helped to curb my desire to drink.  
I had a void in my life. A void that no person place or thing could fill. I turned to alcohol in an attempt to fill that void. That void was a relationship with the power greater than myself. I have that relationship today and my life has changed. My hope for you is that you find what you are missing.  
I would ditch the antidepressants if I were you. They are bad news. Happiness isn't inside a bottle or a capsule. 
When I first came to this subreddit I was at the 1 day sober mark.  It's the worst and it took me 4 days to completely recover and get back into the groove of things.  I don't know about you but for me when it gets the riskiest is when I recover and I am 100% sober. Because by then I forget about the pain of being hungover and I think to my self that a few beers wouldn't hurt.
