-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68f2is/lapse_or_relapse/

I have been almost sober for about 19 months after I passed out and fell down the stairs (or fell down the stairs and passed out) shattered my heel and had two surgeries. I say almost because there have been three work events where I had two drinks each and once when a friend brought beer and I had two. I haven't even told anyone I was drunk when I got hurt or that I have decided to stop (except my husband who is burdened with it all). The times I have had drinks for work outings I didn't even want to I just felt too embarrassed not to. Then yesterday no one was home it was a beautiful afternoon and I drank the two beers left in the fridge from when my friend visited. I am terrified and feel so guilty. Nothing else happened. I ate dinner had trouble sleeping and am crying this morning. I don't want to go back. Any hints for "renewing" your commitment to sobriety? I do not participate in treatment or follow a program and no one really knows my situation. My foot is still in pain every day as a reminder and you would think that would be enough but it isn't I guess. 
----------immediate responses--------

Might be a dumb question but have you considered something like AA? I have a convenient meeting nearby my club house at 7am or 7pm everyday. I'd go usually in the morning unless my schedule forbids me. It definitely helps me with the thoughts of drinking or social loneliness (used to go out often with friends). 
I don't really follow a program but I do have a therapist that knows my issues.  I think its pretty essential for there to be somebody other than myself to help hold me accountable.  Therapist recovery group even being honest with a close friend or family member.    Fwiw I passed out and fell down a flight a stairs after a wedding a few years ago - and that was not enough to get me to stop drinking and I could have killed myself.  
Physiologically it is ill - advised to drink even small amounts when we want to stop drinking because the reward system remains activated.  Some medications can surpress this system and an MD may be able to help with those.  A non-pharma solution may involve seeking help from others if you can't stop when you truly want to.  When I could not stop by myself but I truly wanted to I sought help.  Help is all around us right now.  Best wishes reaching out for it.
From my last relapse I decided to go to AA meetings so I can have some sober friends. I also got back on here. I am soooooo tired of fucking up so I am pulling for more support...Hope you feel better and your heel heals soon. I understand the whole "thought my foot would be enough". I thought the doctors telling me the results of my liver tests would be enough. After a while it got better and I stopped thinking about it and then drank like a friggin idiot lol. Well it is pissed again and so am I at myself. Only way to go from here is forward though...I wish you the best...[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I have been sober for over 7 months (this time). I am in a great out patient treatment program &amp; my counselor recently told me he thinks I need to "recommit to sobriety". So I am starting The 30Day Sobriety Solution. Today. I'm very committed to staying sober but I did it once before it lasted over 3 years &amp; then I relapsed. It was all fucked up. If you stayed "almost sober" for 19 months then you know how to get it done! So do it. Just don't drink. When I relapsed after the 3+ years I let that go one for over 7 months. It ended badly for me. I don't want that to happen to anyone else. You know what to do. Good luck! 
For myself I found it helpful to tell several people close to me that I was stopping and why I was stopping.  If I hold too tightly to secrets it burns a hole in my soul and puts my mind in a bad place.  For me counseling and psychiatry were essential as well but your milage may vary on that.
