-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68fzw6/partner_relapsed_at_my_apartment/

We've been dating less than four months. I went out to DD for my friend's Bachelorette party last night and when I got home something was "off" and he confessed that he was drunk. My one rule in my home is no alcohol...I tried to comfort him as he was a mess. He had 14 months. This includes the ten months he was in prison for repeated alcohol-related nonviolent offenses. When comforting him didn't work he refused to let me sleep and became combative and manipulative. He opened a beer in my bedroom...That was it. I grabbed my stuff and told him I was going to my mom's who lives an hour away and was watching my kids for the night. He tried to stand in my way but I pushed past and left. He's been messaging all night...He won't leave my place. I'm practically begging him to leave. I won't take my kids back home when he's there and there is work and school in the morning...I'm afraid I'm going to have to threaten to bring a police escort along with me. If I am accompanied home by an officer he will probably end up going to jail...I am mostly venting. I'm going to do what I have to do. Despite the fact that we fell hard and fast for each other and talked often about the future I've realized that it's too early in the relationship for us to survive a relapse. I'm putting myself and my kids first and I think I might have to end the relationship.
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you! It's gotta be heart breaking but it sounds like the right choice! You are not alone! 
I admire your response. I really hope he comes around and leaves before he digs himself a new rock bottom.  It's the least he could do for all involved.  Great job Mom :) ..Keep us posted yeah? I'm biting my tongue here not to spit out how I REALLY feel about his behaviour :p 
Time to call the police.  The safety of you and your children come first.   
Combative manipulative and drunk. What a trifecta of fucked-upedness. I would call the police if it were me. You're worried about your safety and that of your kids - the cops will understand. 
I know you said you're mostly venting but I would see this as a HUGE red flag at four months into a relationship. Not that he relapsed but relapsing in YOUR home which should be a safe place for YOU and your family and where you have clear rules about alcohol that he chose not to respect. Good job for clearing out when you did from my own experiences I have an image of situations like this escalating quickly (of course usually both people were drunk then). 
