-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68kpuf/tired_of_alcohol_always_being_on_my_mind/

Hi all..I've been a lurker here for a number of months and it's a great place I find myself reading when I am successful on days I try not to drink. However after every relapse I completely forget it exists; I hope by posting for once this might make it change this time...I have the same old story as a lot of people on here - I am not physically addicted to alcohol but I drink far more than I should often alone or in secret and know that I have a problem...I think one of the things I am most tired of isn't the hangover at work (although I can do without ever having that dreaded anxiety again) but the way that as soon as I wake up from a heavy night's drinking or on a day that I know I'm going to drink it's all I can think about that day. Whether it's clock-watching counting down the hours until I can have a beer or tearing myself up in my mind umm-ing and ah-ing about whether not I will drink tonight (I always do obviously) having alcohol on your mind all day is an abnormal and worrying sign...I am 25 and haven't gone longer than 14 days without drinking since I was 18. The second longest I have gone is 10 days and that was 10 days ago. The third longest I can't remember. I live in the UK in one of its most alcohol fuelled towns and most (but not all) of my friends are heavy drinkers. However in the past when I have stopped there has been no change in the relationship so I am confident I can do this...This is just me putting a post out there as this sub is an incredibly supportive place and I hope it can really work for me this time. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I hope you can do this. I knew I had a problem with drink not because I drank everyday at your age but would drink till I fell over. I don't like to look to the past as that's gone and made me who I am. But I do think of the wasted years times and people I've upset. I wish I had stopped when I was younger to enjoy life better. Try your best it's worth it. I know I've only done 3 weeks but it really is life changing. Good luck and I won't drink with you today and it's back holiday 
I'm so sick of the mental obsession with it all too. I'm trying to create some distance with it (with some success) but it hasn't completely faded away yet. But if you're not drinking today then I won't be drinking with you!  
The mental obsession fades with time spent sober. My urges are now very rare. But I stay vigilant because all it would take is one drink to start the mental games and re-kindle the obsession.
I know the feeling of waking up and almost instantly thinking about drinking that night. It actually hasn't happened to me today bit it's still early. I'm bound to have thoughts. But I am determined though I can and will do this. ..Let's not drink together today. 
the UK runs on alcohol...? lol: so does Wisconsin! The sun never shines crap weather and adults here don't do anything... all the fun activities put on in this place are 'for the kids'. I'm 41 and regret spending 19 years trying to work alcohol into my life as a sustainable part.... I also drink alone far too much in secret and yeah... I really don't like it either. Thinking about how to plan my week: now it's Monday... and I'll make it to Thursday evening just after 5 I can stop at xx-gas station and get a 6pk... or should i get a 4pk....may be I'll get food to-go and have a beer while I'm waiting for take out... Yes I have had similar thoughts to what you describe as a countdown. Let's plan to not drink today. (I'll likely say the same thing tomorrow but for me right now... it's 1 day at a time) 
The mental obsession is/was one of the worst parts of it for me. All that will I won't I left me so exhausted that I'd normally just think fuck it and let loose (with predictable results) ..What's helping me at the moment is a day by day (sometimes hour by hour) check in with myself of my mood I'm slowly realising that the "release" I felt from those first few drinks (before it got messy) is pretty much the same feeling I have all the time now (after the first few days of recovery) I not saying things are peachy all the time life can still be a fucker but the hours in the day that I can appreciate being genuinely content have increased ten fold...I've also slowly getting room for better problems (like how to achieve all the many things I'd love to achieve). And that's all I can ask for really Well done for getting this far and here's to better problems...I will not drink with you today!
