-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68m3gq/laid_off_from_my_job_and_hit_100_days_almost/

So I will do my best to keep this short but I wanted to be able to post this somewhere...Last Thursday I came into work and knew we were doing layoffs. We're a pretty good sized company but I knew there was a chance I would be one of the 20% selected however as humans tend to do I figured the percentages were small. Well suprise suprise I was called down and told the job I have held from 25-34 was no longer mine...This was devastating on multiple levels. I am a high school graduate with a few semesters of college and yet I had risen through the ranks to have a team of 16 people. I made above the average median income for families in the US. I was doing better than many of my friends with college degrees even advanced ones. ..At first I had given up smoking my last cigarette was December 26th 2016. I had gone on chantix to quit - while my relationship with alcohol had always been unsteady and prone to emotional outbursts I had never really become violent while drinking until this point. Since I quit smoking I figured I would move from defining myself and my weekends from smoking to drinking. My consumption increased even more than it already was the weekends now stretched into drinking from Thursday to Sunday with only 3 sober days inbetween. Passing out on the couch and then slumbering to my bedroom was a common occurrence. Finding I had pissed in closets corners the laundry room whatever was happening more frequently.... and then I had two almost psychotic breaks in a span of two weeks. I still don't know if it was just the booze or if the chantix had a large role to play - but I don't care I know I never want to wind up in that situation again...The day after I was hospitalized and taken there via ambulance I quit drinking. That was 100 days ago. I went from defining myself by smoking then drinking to doing so by my job. Which I now no longer have. I was lucky enough to receive close to a half year of severance - so I will be OK from a financial standpoint for awhile - but that doesn't make any of this sting any less...My days however have improved dramatically. I can sleep. I can breathe. I can dream. I can love. I can be present. ..I don't know what the future holds for me but even now in a dark hour I had a thought. Would I rather be overweight an alcoholic drinking four nights a week and a smoker with a good job. Or would I rather be a 40 lb less version of myself than I was 100 days ago not throwing $10 into a pit every day on cigarettes and not drinking - but without a job? I think the latter sounds OK to me. With that version of myself I Just have one thing I need to figure out and fix - and that's getting myself a job...I hope all of you going through this struggle on your own paths can find your own strength and succeed. I know that the drunk life isn't for any of us. I can feel momentarily happy when I'm drinking or when drunk - but for me to find true happiness I have to be sober. And so I set off on the next leg of this journey not knowing what lies ahead - but knowing that I will face it sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry. That is rough. You are on the best footing to be able to move forward. Glad to hear the severance was given to you. You have my well wishes friend! I won't be drinking with you today!
Good for you. Thanks for sharing
Your attitude is inspiring! I can see why you've been so successful and why you'll bounce back from this - sober...Proud to not drink with you today 
Even though you received severance you probably still qualify for unemployment.  You are going to do great!  
This is an opportunity I know it may not seem like it.  This is actually one of the best times ever to be laid off.  The economy is doing wonderfully and it is a job seekers' market.  Dust off that resume my friend.  With your positive attitude and networking and job applications you'll be just fine :)
I'm sorry about your job. But I'm also glad that you have some time to plan out your next career. I was laid off a few years ago and spent way too many days hungover instead of writing with my head in a fog instead of being creative. I will not drink with you today.
I'm really sorry about your job loss but so impressed by your attitude. You'll find new work -- so much more important to be your best self! 
It sounds like you have a great opportunity to dream up dreams and pursue them.  Change is rough but you got this!  Great job on 100 days!! I will not drink with you today.
I was so grateful to be sober when I unexpectedly lost my job last spring.  I took the opportunity to get really clear about the kind of organization I wanted to work in (non-profit) and doing what (human services) and went on the hunt for that.  It took over five months which was scary but I made it work financially and now I am making less money but am a whole lot happier.  Best of luck on your journey!
