-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68mt3q/almost_drank_earlier_this_week/

I was in Italy with my gf and we told a restaurant on the street we'd come back for dinner so they said they'd have a gift waiting for us. It was a fancy looking drink and when my gf asked me if it was alcoholic without even thinking I said "I don't know lemme check" and raised the glass to my mouth...She pulled it away from me and took a sip and it was alcohol. Swapped it out for a coke...I almost reverted to old habits and ruined a lot because I grew complacent. Nice to read here about how we all struggle constantly. Helps me feel like I'm not so alone and this time it was just so fucking easy to revert. I didn't think. That hadn't happened to me before I've usually been sad or angry or happy or felt SOMETHING before wanting to take a drink before...So posting for accountability and to say thanks to all who come before me. We stand on the shoulders of giants.
----------immediate responses--------

Close call.  Good thing your gf was fast thinking there.  It's really cool to have someone catch you when you might slip. ..Enjoy Italy.  So lovely!
Seeing a post like this with your 858 day badge reminds me we're all vulnerable - and that's okay. Just gotta keep with it. I hope one day to have as many days and I'm glad you'll hit day 859. :)
What a great post - perfectly described a feeling I've been trying to nail down the last couple of days: complacency.  Thanks for reminding me that we all struggle and to stay vigilant.
Thanks for posting this. It's great that your gf is supportive and was quick to think to try it herself first. ..My gf is trying to convince me that we should go to Italy this summer (her stepmom lives there over the summer so we have a free place to stay). I'm terrified of reverting to old habits if I say yes. I know it's possible to go and not drink but I also know it'll be a challenge. ..Great job sticking with it while traveling. Your post gives me hope. And I hope you had a great time on your trip! 
That's awesome that she was there to remind you. I recently had 100+ days but took part in a small rum/coffee/cigar sampling on a plantation in Cuba. I Was so caught up in the moment that I didn't even really think about the fact that I drank alcohol until after the fact. Kinda terrifying to see how easy it can be to slip if you let your guard down. Enjoy Italy!
I struggle with time like that too. On a vacation where everything is already ideal brain is like "we have everything lets really have everything. its fine." ..when the reality is you may not have even been on that vacation or having any fun at all had it not been for sobriety. 
I'm curious- did you not care if it was alcohol or were you just acting automatically when you were going to drink it?  I'm very new to this so today I started acting automatically (opening the alcohol cupboard my BF still drinks) and then realized WTH I was doing and stopped.  
Wow that's interesting! So easy to fall back into old habits. Thank you for sharing your story - strong reminder to stay always vigilant!
Thanks for sharing. Complacency is something to watch out for it sounds like. 
