-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68mxpk/my_boyfriend_doesnt_think_i_can_do_it/

I'm prefacing this by saying that I'm going to give up drinking for me and me alone but a plus is also saving my relationship...We've been dating for three years. As I've been really trying to cut down this past month it hasn't worked and as usual I've been binging and making dumb decisions. He's seen me saying how done I am on one weekend then getting fucked up the next...Skeptism is one thing but he doesn't understand that I'm struggling and why I can't "just stop" or "avoid those situations". He just doesn't believe that I can do it and it honestly breaks my heart to see someone I care about not have any faith in me...Advice please...I will not drink with you all today...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

just do it. prove him wrong.
I disappointed my wife countless times. The last time that I told her that I had quit she laughed...It hurt but I totally earned her mistrust...I show her everyday by living a sober life and am gradually earning back her trust.
Really stopping is hard if you leave the door open. I might drink after a month is what I'd say to myself. Only to be back at it full time. It is difficult to quit. To put your mind and actions into it is really hard. As many long-timers here say: you'll know when you are ready to stop. I found that to be true in a deep way. I don't feel at all like the other times I have stopped. Completely different...I wish you well friend. You deserve happiness and health. I won't be drinking with you today!
My husband had similar comments for me. I would get upset because I would swear for the umpteenth time that I was really quitting for real and he would say "I'll believe it when I see it." I came to realize it's not that he didn't have faith in me it's just he was seeing the reality as it had been and was naturally hesitant to congratulate me before I had actually changed anything especially since he didn't understand the process I was going through (the process of realizing with every failed attempt just how serious my problem was). I just focused on me and stopped trying to get him to really "get it." I realize he doesn't understand because he has no problem with alcohol and in the long run that bodes much much better for my sobriety than having a partner who REALLY understands everything I'm going through because they're alcoholic as well...
I tried cutting back on my drinking I just couldn't sustain it I'd rebound to abusive drinking sooner or later. ..The day that changed was the day I decided to quit altogether. Adjusting to living sober was hard for me especially at first but it turns out that it's easier and more achievable than trying to control my drinking was...For me the analogy of "it's easier to keep a lion in a cage than on a leash" applies!..It took me time to rebuild trust I'm grateful for the opportunity to do so. 
Same here my wife who is also not very supportive has always said "why can't you just stop" or "you are so weak" or "you'll start again"..meanwhile she smokes and even when the Drs. told her so many times she should quit she hasn't be able to do it.  You'd think she should understand...lol...now it matters to me not the least bit.  ..I'm doing this for me and nothing else is of any importance.  I would even say that making this realization in itself has provided with me with more freedom of mind in itself regardless of the freedom of not drinking! ..I'll stay sober with  you today!
You're gonna get that. I know it hurts but trust is hard to build and easy to destroy with broken promises.  He doesn't have any faith in you because up to this point you haven't given him a reason to.  You're not the victim here. ..That said you don't need his faith.  You don't have to have it in order to quit.  If you're doing it for you then really do it for you.  And yes you do have to avoid situations in which there will be temptation at least for a good while at first.  Don't set yourself up for failure. Don't "cut down".  Quit. 
I do one thing to stay clean and sober:..Whatever the fuck it takes.
Not everyone (in fact most) will not understand what we are going through.  On Friday right before we had friends over my wife told me that she just "didn't trust me".  Ouch.  ..But that's *her* issue... not mine. ..All I could do was say "I understand and really don't blame you" ... and then go on to not drink a drop. Because when it comes down to it as you say we are ultimately doing this for ourselves.  ..When my wife was going through hypothyroid issues (believe me a BIG deal that was tough to understand at first) it was MY responsibility to do research and figure out how to understand.  ..Since you asked for advice... same goes for your boyfriend.  It is HIS responsibility to educate himself and understand so he can support you.  It is YOUR responsibility to stay sober... that's hard enough as it is.
I was a shit show by the time I tossed out "I'll stop drinking" so you can bet your ass that my husband did not believe me. ..I'd also never said anything remotely close to "I'll quit" before this time because I knew it'd be hard and I didn't think I could do it. That goes to show just how sick I was by the time I decided I should dry out. He's never just come right out and said that he didn't believe me but I've known this guy for 15 years... and tone says a lot. ..I've just got to prove to him that I'm serious. That's the only way to get him to believe me. He knows I'm sober and he sees me making choices to be stronger in sobriety. I tell him when I'm struggling. I tell him when I'm proud. And now... 8 months into this sobriety thing we both believe me! It's great! ..Good luck to you. All you can do is be true to you and he'll hitch along if he wants. I won't drink with you! 
We broke our promises to them so often that they end up not believing us. My SO was even angry at me when I told her I quit. It's been 15 months now and now she believes me!
"What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sometimes other people 'don't' want us to succeed because they have a particular role that they play in your addiction and they have defined themselves in that role and if you stopped a certain behavior they would loose their role or some power.  
YOU CAN!!! That's all. :) 
Wow did I write this? My boyfriend (of three years) and I had this same exact conversation today. ..Let's do this first and foremost for ourselves.
One day at a time. ..I give up drinking just for 24hrs. Then I do the same thing the next day and so on...You don't need his faith. Just believe in you xxx
Prove him wrong.
He might simply be protecting himself from disappointment. I think my girlfriend did this. And I couldn't blame her. After failed quit attempts in the past what reason did I give her to believe in me? I even explained that quitting is a process which probably only sounded like an excuse. In my head it's like this I've made up my mind: humans don't need alcohol to exist. I may not be able to control my emotions or heart or mind or whatever but I can control my arms.  So I just don't pick it up. I'm feeling better now. And as a bonus our relationship has a chance to be even better and that is something that I can do for both of us. I've never tried hard drugs simply because I know I'll get addicted and I've lived enough to know that addiction sucks. I know alcohol may as well be a hard drug to me so I'm choosing to leave it alone. As someone else said in another thread I've never woken up wishing I had drank the night before!
Be determined to surprise him and prove him the heck wrong...There's no fun in proving someone right! :)
