-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68nz7v/loneliness_dopamine_and_alcoholism/

Hey stopdrinking ..I have frequented this sub for a while and now I want to journal my thoughts and hear any feedback people have. This is a great resource and I plan to contribute and become a member of this sober club. I want to stop drinking alcohol. ..My brief story:..I've been feeling rather low recently and I put this down to alcohol withdrawal. I'm a heavy drinker but also quite functioning. I run my own business and have a lot of freedom meaning I can get drunk when I feel like because I don't have a boss to shout at me when I turn up to work hungover in the morning. The problem is when I turn up to work hungover in the morning my solution is to have a drink or four at lunch time to take the edge off. This inevitably turns into another binge (sometimes to a blackout) and I end up passing out at 8PM with no idea how much money or who I've spoke to the last few hours. This results in me waking up at 4am with horrendous anxiety crippling depression despair loneliness fear and an all over feeling on impending doom. This has happened every day for the month. During this time until the early morning when I have to get up I question my decisions and actions during past relationships and breakups and feel shameful I fear my health I worry about my business I stress about my finances I worry that I'm going to die. I feel my heart beating in my chest hard and fast. I sweat. I worry. I'm anxious. I'm depressed. I'm 29 and turning 30 in 3 weeks and I don't ever want to experience this feeling again. ..I have been drinking heavily for a few years now. It started out with binge drinking in my late teens to heavy social drinking in my twenties due a constant source of alcohol in my home my ex-gf's parents' home and my job (I was a touring musician). I broke up with my ex-gf last summer and hit the bottle hard to numb the feelings. I became a daily drinking taking the odd few days or maximum a week off here or there because I was feeling suicidal from the withdrawals. Yeah it was that bad. I questioned throwing myself in front of a tube in London because I felt like such a fuck up and regretted everything I've done over the last few years including finishing with my long term (6.5 years) girlfriend. Life fucking sucks when you feel like that. I've tried to reconnect with her but she does not want to talk as she says she needs to move on. That hit me like a tonne of bricks 2 weeks ago so I went on a 2 day binge to numb those emotions. Now I'm dealing with those emotions and it's really fucking hard...I struggle with loneliness when I'm not drinking even though I speak to friends and family daily. As soon as I'm on my own I become lonely. I struggle with having fun when I'm not drinking. I struggle to feel at peace when I'm not drinking. Alcohol wipes out my anxiety and depression and makes me feel normal in a very short space of time. It really is a wonder drug the only trouble is it doesn't last long and when it wears off I feel a hell of a lot worse. ..In the past when I've done say a week or two sober I've felt great. My finances quickly get in check (because I'm not spending  40 per day on alcohol) my relationships improve (because I am present) my mental and physical health improve greatly (because I run and go to the gym) my business thrives (because I am sober at work and turning up with a clear head every day of the week). So why do I keep going back to the bottle?..I spent a lot of time reading yesterday when I was suffering my withdrawal and I feel that I drink alcohol for three main reasons:..1. I feel lonely.2. I have screwed up my dopamine receptors due to abusing them for so many years.3. I'm suffering withdrawal giving me intense anxiety and depression..After reading more I've put together an action plan in an attempt to overcome these two issues that lead me to pick up a drink:..1. Form meaningful relationships via daily AA meetings picking up new wholesome hobbies and doing volunteering work.2. Release dopamine in my brain in more healthy ways i.e. running the gym cooking hobbies I enjoy walking and most importantly avoiding drinking smoking gambling and anything that I know will give me an instant hit of dopamine but will ultimately make me anxious and depressed.3. Not picking up that first drink..--..I'm extremely interested in the relationship between alcoholism/sobriety and dopamine. How long does it take for our receptors to go back to 'normal'? How long will it take until I can sit and watch a movie without feeling anxious throughout? How long will it take until I can enjoy the things I used to enjoy before my drinking spiralled out of control? I've spent so long drinking I'm no longer to enjoy anything without alcohol in my blood. ..I will not drink today and I will wake up tomorrow feeling better than I did this morning...Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I think I'll join you! You won't be lonely here:)
I wish I could say precisely how long it takes for neurotransmitters to normalize but sometimes there are other factors at play-- depression maybe or anxiety disorder or both or other stuff-- and that changes things. When I quit it took about three months for the ship to right itself emotionally. 
Hey on The plus side you're 29... I've been drinking for 30 years heavily for the past 20 I was up to a bottle of spirits. I knew I had to stop when I opened the second bottle 3 weeks ago.  I feel normalish now no highs or lows but.I did have to cut out caffine help with my anxiety and I'm happy being boring now so give me Netflix and a takeaway.  ..You'll get a lot of great advice here and I got support last week when I was tempted to buy a bottle for the long weekend.  ..Good luck and keep posting 
Sounds like a good plan Stan!
The studies I've read on rats shows dopamine receptors start to move towards genetic baseline in a month but theoretically it could take 6months - 2 years of abstinence to see robust positive change. ..My primary approach is twofold:..Direct Physiological Fitness:.Routine vigorous aerobic exercise is one of the biggest hopes of getting rid of anhedonia lifelong as it upregulates  FosB expression in nucleus accumbens D1-type MSNs (pleasure center). It basically increases dopamine receptors and also causes a large amount of global neurogenesis...I prefer lifting weights but I have to run at least every other day to remove anhedonia. ..Here is more depth: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neurobiological_effects_of_physical_exercise..Equanimity Fitness:.Mindfulness meditation is the only way I know how to change my orientation where I don't have overwhelming urges for alcohol. It's not for everyone and there are plenty of other psychological paradigms you can follow but it's what works for me. ..I hope this helps!
[removed]
Thank you for taking the time to write this. Your description of your feelings nailed how I feel too. You are not alone. I spent last week home not drinking and I was so lonely while my wife was at work. I paced around the house    worrying about everything and paralyzed by fear of impending doom. .I'm at 114 days and the paws symptoms are still there but I don't cry as much as I used to. I'm curious about my dopamine receptors too. .I try to be patient. Patient with myself and used what I learned in AA "This is exactly where I'm supposed to be at this moment. "..I've read about shame. This is the feeling that I identify with most. But I learned that everybody has shame. Shame lives and thrives in secrecy and cannot live in the light. I learned that owning my story is hard but it gives me moments of peace when I truly accept myself as I am right at that moment. ..I will not drink with you today. ..Thanks for sharing.
