-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68qefo/i_turned_21_six_days_ago_and_i_am_an_alcoholic/

Life for me has always been very volatile depending on my overall mood and self-esteem. When I feel like I'm "hot" I feel good. I live life to the fullest but when I'm "not" I sink into that feeling and get sucked away...It all started the summer after graduating high school--I would have the occasional drink or delinquent night on a grass field with a bottle of vodka and friends. It was fun careless the warmth inside of me though is something that became addicting...I went to college soon after and always thought that in college "no one can be an alcoholic." All of this alcohol around me and people encouraging me to drink it is normal and this is now my social life and I told myself I loved it. Until.. I dropped my sorority realized I wanted different priorities in life but found myself taking a walk to the corner store nearly every night to buy a bottle of wine to just "chill" and "have fun." It makes me so much less anxious. Those overwhelming feelings of worthlessness disappear and I am a fun person at all times...I replaced Greek Life for the Food and Bev world which to me is actually worse for people struggling with addiction. In a restaurant drinking is as common as peeing. It's a basic need and none of my coworkers define it as addiction or a problem. 10 hours on my feet and all I want is that amazing feeling of a shot of vodka hugging my insides making me tingle as though it is a simulation of love...I love it so much in fact that on my days off I get my homework done only to make sure I have wine to drink later. I still love the way it makes me feel. I can sleep at night and not feel insecure or afraid of what people think of me. It's like a surrogate mother or boyfriend--telling me everything will be okay and that they love me. The sinking feeling of overtaking anxiety in my stomach simply dissolves...So here I am. I am an alcoholic. I am still so young and the problem started in the last year and a half at college that this is my first attempt to seek help. I had to attend an AA meeting last year for a human development class and did not identify with the people there. They were much older with "real" problems they were not like me. Alas I justified my alcoholism and told myself it wasn't a problem...But lord I am an alcoholic. I love it more than food. And that used to be my refuge.. I don't know what to do. How to fix this. I am very broke and cannot afford professional help. Any insight would be appreciated. ..Right now it is just me and my problem but I don't want to grow love someone have children and ruin their lives because of this craving that has become a part of me. Someone please tell me how to stop...I am posting here tonight because it is my first night sober in a long time. I have $5 in my bank account until Wednesday and am finally ready to tackle my problem. Thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I was welcomed at AA. I didn't need money just desperation. 
You are going to get through this.
Good job coming here and looking for options.  Everyone has their own path to sobriety..One thing that really helped me curb my desire to drink was the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  There's a link to a free digital download in the sidebar.  ---&gt;..Happy belated birthday!
That book The Naked Mind was super helpful! Also this sub had been my LIFE saver! I'm 34 and I sooo wish I would have stopped at 21 I knew then too and just pushed it off. Trust me when I tell you from 21 to 34 has been NOTHING but hell for me and it only got worse WAY worse! I too worked in the industry bartender @ a popular restaurant for 14 years I just quit 34 days ago (for me personally I had too my addiction had become so bad I couldn't work in the restaurant any longer). So I completely understand how you school work &amp; drink then rinse and repeat. I totally understand. For me tho my first attempt to get sober I did 9 months and still worked. I completely changed my routine tho. I changed the way I drove to and from work I made plans with friends that really didn't drink and made plans like hiking bike riding and things of that nature to ensure it wouldn't be a bar meet up and I was also DETERMINED! I went to a bunch of different AA meetings mostly church meetings so it wasn't so "AA-ish" and I attended church every week if not multiple times at different churches (just for sober activities that I knew wouldn't involve drinking and would fill up time) and finally I LIVED here in SD I posted tried to respond and read pretty much every post even days old ones again just to fill time. I know you are anxious I was a complete basket case inside for a few days then it did get way easier and I got to moving along sober. You can do it! I promise you that you can! Keep us posted and stay STRONG!   
Welcome to my story......24 years ago. Good for you that you've acknowledged this now I can't say it will be easy but ignoring it for another 21 years like I did won't help. ..This Naked Mind was a godsend. 
My story is pretty much identical to yours except replace sorority with frat and not dropping out of it but transferring schools . I'm also a year older. All in all I've never been happier then since I got sober! Everything has fallen into place I have no anxiety confidence is through the roof energy is unreal. So many positives. If I can do it pretty much anyone can 
After DECADES of a very unhealthy relationship with booze I decided my life was just better without it. I'm in control over alcohol. Not the other way around. And the only way I maintain that control is to be a "rebel" and NOT drink. ..I didn't have a "rock bottom". I just was tired of waking up hungover everyday and DREADING what I had said the night before. I embarrassed myself at work functions (highly successful overachiever here who called drunken outburst "truth bombs" or "life-coaching") was a jerk to my friends and family and couldn't IMAGINE a life without wine. That all ended and I'm better than ever. ..It's one day at a time sometimes. I have cravings. I do a lot of meditation and exercise now. The first few weeks are HARD. It gets easier and you feel more free. 
