-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68sc12/relapsed_and_angry/

Almost made it to a month and consciously relapsed yesterday. I don't know how to deal with my depressive episodes all my friends always meet at a bar and is fuckin hard that's why. Learnt something from it will do differently the next time blah blah I know all the theory. I am just so angry with the world right now and with people from AA who hold hands but then ignore newcomers at the end of the meetings and walk away all together leaving you behind. I will go back though. I'm gonna keep pushing it damnit.
----------immediate responses--------

I might be inclined to share what you just wrote in a meeting.
I am sorry your AA meeting didn't feel inviting. When I am new at a meeting I feel a bit overwhelmed with attention (sometimes) The friend thing rots too. maybe try a group or club? Sports? or ask your boozy friends to do something that would be very hard to do with alcohol. Like meeting for breakfast before work. Or a hike. You could also tell them your taking time off from the bottle.
Yes AA is difficult socially in the beginning.....But first welcome back...If they haven't given you phone numbers - ask for some when you share - then call - Say you are "just practicing" or ask a question you may have - also if you ask "is this a good time" it makes the call less awkward...
Thank you all. I am going to a meeting tonight and talk about it.
I felt the same way at meetings always standing by yourself then I figured out it was me!
People have been more friendly to me in AA when they see I am making an effort to keep coming back. I bet they see a lot of new faces constantly as it is somewhat of a revolving door. I have maybe 3-4 people now that I talk to on a regular basis and that's fine for me right now. I also hear a lot of old timers say they were afraid when they went into meetings and they didn't want to talk to anyone or be bombarded with attention. Do you have a sponsor? My sponsor helped to introduce me to some people she knew and she has given me good suggestions.
For me it has been worth the effort to resist that first drink. It isn't always easy but always rewarding. My initial experience at AA was similar - no acknowledgement of my newness. Then I began to chitchat at the coffee pot. Finally I volunteered- helped clean up eventually coffee-maker and secretary. It helped me break from my isolation and start to network. It's a process.
