-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68ur0r/finally_want_a_shot_at_a_normal_life_again/

As is pretty common I suffer from a lot of depression/anxiety as well as alcoholism (most of my dad's family has struggled with both at one point or other). And in a perfect storm of mental instability I've managed to royally fuck up my life. Without going into too many details I've basically had a ruse going with EVERYONE (family boyfriends friends) that I'm still doing well in school and graduating this summer to pursue grad school. ..Reality: I haven't been academically (or otherwise) useful in any way for like two years. I've been letting this situation fester and get worse because for two years because I genuinely was planning to just "kick the bucket." When inevitably it all came crumbling down around me I figured I'd just sort of quit because I didn't care enough about life and actually had a few close calls. ..Recently though I think I've been getting mentally stronger/just so sick of being alcohol-sick. For the first time in a very long time I'm afraid to die. I want to live the normal addiction-free lives that I see my peers having. ..The acute problem then becomes that I did not prepare for this! Drunk-depressed-me did not prepare to deal with the future she'd ruined! And every time I really think about the huge mess I've made I get insanely anxious and all I want is to drink so I don't have to think about the mess for one more day. ..I have no idea what I'm going to do or how I'm going to deal with any of my mistakes and I'm petrified. But I didn't drink yesterday so I have that for now. I didn't even have the desire to get better for the longest time and I'm grateful that I have that little seed of hope now. But I'm scared I'll lose sight of it (I've made a couple worthless attempts to get on the wagon before). I'm largely just a lurker here idk if anyone will even read this although maybe I just needed to say it. Thanks for your time. Wish me luck?
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  .The way I see it I always have the ability to change my life as long as I am alive.  To change mine it took a lot of work and effort but it was all worth it..Good luck and I hope to see you around here sharing your journey.
I had resigned myself to living a miserable existence merely going through the motions until I died. Then I almost died. That made me realize exactly how much I had to lose and I realized I must change. Change is scary but leaving my husband as a widower and my son motherless was way scarier. ..It ain't easy but drinking myself to death was no picnic either. I wish you the best. Sobriety isn't half bad once you give it a really *really* good effort. I will not drink with you. 
You are brave- you have a seed of hope and that is brave. Bravery doesn't always look like we think it does. One day sober is braves if it is against your norm. Face your fears as best you can. When I come clean about my mistakes even with the consequences I feel a thousand pounds lighter- like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. ..No one really knew I had a drinking/drug problem but once I came clean with my family and friends it has been such a HUGE relief. If someone judges me well they probably either have their own issues or aren't my true friend. Anyone who truly loves you will only want you to succeed and take care of yourself. ..You can do day two! ..P.s. My life is far from perfect but it is getting better all the time! I won't drink with you today! 
