-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68us45/sobriety_gets_better_with_every_day_with_drinking/

Well I finally made it.  Five years after my very first AA meeting and my first stint in outpatient rehab I made it to a year sober.  ..I used to drink to escape from reality but I think I've finally built a life that I don't want to escape from.  In the last 6 months I've gotten married got a promotion at work watched my wife give birth to our first child and bought a house.  Hopefully it all starts to slow down for a little while now.  ..My days of drinking and obsessing over alcohol seem so far away now but I know I'll never be cured of this disease.  Back in 2014-2016 I was going to AA quite often.  I had a sponsor and a home group did the steps had a job the whole nine yards.  But I was a constant relapser.  After my last relapse in March/May 2016 I lost faith in the program and stopped going. There are a lot of annoying people in AA and there are a lot of opinions in the room that I don't agree with but on the whole I think it is a good program and I would like to go back one day.  For the past 12 months antabuse has been my "higher power" and although I don't view it as a permanent solution it has worked so far.  ..Now I think of drinking alcohol like I do drinking diet soda.  I really don't like drinking diet soda because it just tastes "fake" to me.  I used to long for the euphoria I got from drinking alcohol but now after spending so much time sober the euphoria I got from drinking seems so fake and doesn't do it for me any more.  There is no way to avoid reality.  For better or for worse you can only find happiness in the real world not drowning yourself in a bottle.  ..The only thing that has dampened the effect that alcohol has had on my life is time away from the bottle.  In the beginning when I was first trying to quit even though I could get one or two months sober I was always OBSESSING over the idea of getting drunk.  Over time that obsession has simply faded.  I've had dozens of relapses and have a drawer full of 24-hour chips but with each day sober that allure of alcohol faded just a lit bit further...I think that over time I have become mindful of where my thoughts are going and I know that mentally there are places I know to just avoid.  Once I notice myself beginning to think of drinking in a positive way I am quick to shut down those thoughts and remind myself of what drinking was really like.  I never used to be able to do that.  I used to sit around and fantasize and romanticize the weekends I used to spend by myself completely loaded drinking and playing video games until I passed out.  Those were the days!  But the truth is I was completely miserable back then.  Although I acted like I had no responsibilities I was just avoiding them.  There is no escaping reality.  That old life was simply not sustainable.  ..I think one of the reasons AA was very useful to me was that it kept me planted in reality.  Whenever I began to romanticize drinking I would get a really good reminder of what it was ACTUALLY like and would deter me from taking that drink.  But I was so stubborn and so many times I managed to convince myself that THIS TIME would be different.  It never got any better.  I drank all the fun out of the bottle.  ..Good luck to everyone just starting out on their journey towards sobriety.  It does get better!  Just stay sober and stay mindful!  Always remember why you quit drinking in the first place.  Sobriety gets better with every day- with drinking it only ever got worse.  
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your year of growth! It sounds like you've got your head on straight. Recognizing that even though sobriety gets easier it's always going to require work. I'm game for that work! I will not drink with you. 
Oooohhhh antabuse. That shit tried to kill me lol. Seriously though they gave it to me in inpatient the day before I was getting discharged to see how it affected me - lets just say I am glad I tried it a day early. Really happy you had that working for you and have made it a year!! SD keeps me planted I am giving AA a real shot this round on the wagon &amp; I am actually enjoying it and happy to meet ppl IRL and a sponsor to harass me to make sure I am not drifting/and to lean on in times like today...[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) one year - very inspiring.
&gt; I used to long for the euphoria I got from drinking alcohol but now after spending so much time sober the euphoria I got from drinking seems so fake and doesn't do it for me any more. There is no way to avoid reality. For better or for worse you can only find happiness in the real world not drowning yourself in a bottle. ..Soo well said. As someone who still longs for that euphoria it's encouraging to know that it goes away - or more accurately that you see it for the lie it really is...Great job. :)
