-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/68vfou/28_years_old_been_drinking_daily_for_5_years_is/

I drink a six pack a night sometimes more every night of the week for 5 years. After reading Web MD it is likely that I've done irreversible liver damage and will die early sue to liver failure even if I quit drinking. ..Is this true? Or how likely is it that I'd be fine if I quit really soon? I've tried to stop drinking a few times but keep relapsing due to insomnia. ..Many guidance would help. 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone is different. There are people who have drank longer than you and more frequently. Only a medical professional can really tell you what kind of damage you've done but I wouldn't say hope is lost or that it's too late for you. The liver is a strong organ and can often repair itself if you let it.
**It is NOT too late!** ..I'm 34. After 15 years of heavily drinking I had gotten up to drinking at least 3 handles of vodka a week. I did do damage to my liver and it was pretty scary there for a hot minute... not gonna lie. Now my doctor is happy with my improvement and says I'll make a full recovery as long as I continue to abstain from alcohol. ..I also used not being able to sleep as an excuse to poison myself nightly. I'd gotten to the point of physical dependance so sleep really *was* difficult without booze. I am now a well rested individual who falls asleep easily. This did not happen over night as did none of the other benefits I now enjoy due to sobriety. Alcohol robs of the restful and rejuvenating rest we need. ..It can't hurt to give sobriety a try right? I won't drink with you. 
I waited until I was around 40 to start my attempts at sobriety. I drank for 20+ years a minimum of 1-2 bottles of wine a night more on weekends and then shots on weekend nights too (and when I was already drunk). It's truly amazing how quickly and effectively our bodies can heal once we no longer poison ourselves...For me I found it best to be 100% honest with my doctors. I went to the hospital to detox went to counseling meetings was prescribed medication and come here to SD every single day...Seeking medical attention is always a good safe bet. There are plenty of other healthy ways to get good solid sleep and if you hang out here you'll hear all about it. We've been there we'll fight it with you...Great job on taking this step! Hope to see you more often.
It's never too late until you're in the ground.
i'm 34 with alcoholic neuropathy. didn't even think about my liver and it's fine. they're resilient little fuckers. now's a great time to stop and get yourself to a doctor. keep stopped even if the news is good. 
Nope not too late. Get a real medical opinion too. Seems like every time I go on webmd my sniffles are diagnosed as rectal cancer or something. ..Aside from the human body being amazing at recovering...it is NEVER too late to stop. ...
Livers are amazing organs. I went to my doctor &amp; had mine checked out it wasn't pretty. But by not drinking (and I googled things that were good for liver health like dandelion root etc) my enzymes got back down to normal levels after time..Check [this](http://thehealthydrinker.com/2011/04/liver-regeneration-damage-drinking-alcohol/)
I remember when I first quit I especially feared for my health I spent time googling my prognosis but realised that was pretty futile and that I should visit my doctor...I got an appointment with my doctor the day I quit. I disclosed to them the extent of my drinking problem my intention to quit and the health concerns that I had. They were able to provide advice and arrange for appropriate testing...
I was in a similar boat but drank at least a 6 pack of beer for 14 years...My liver was not well and I had pancreatitis on the day I stopped 77 days ago...I went in for a check up 5 days ago. And everything is great. Liver test is already back to normal. Pancreas is fine. Everything was fine. ..The liver is pretty resilient. Most of our organs are. Despite our best efforts to destroy them they keep functioning and in some organs repairing themselves...Talk to your doctor. But you are probably just fine.
First of all no of course it isn't too late. I'm 47 and have 20 years of drinking on you and my liver is just fine according to my doc. ..Second of all what would you do if it WERE too late? Just continue ruining your liver and your life as fast as possible to get it over with? Or try to improve your situation and mitigate the damage? ..Finally: the insomnia passes. I didn't sleep for like a week. But it got better. 
got sober at 30 i thought that too and was drinking heavier than that at age 28! i got a physical and had lab work done and was fine and of course drank for two more years ha. webmd is dumb i diagnosed a pimple as herpes once
Six beers is the very bare minimum i drank every night the last 3-4 yrs more like 8-20  i am not concerned about my liver at all.....i feel fine...just stop drinking right now and you will most likely be ok
It's never too late!!!! I am a 42 year old woman who has been drinking most of my life.  Started working on my issues for the past 3 years - it has finally stuck for the longest stretch and I have no intention on going back.  In the beginning I struggled with sleeping but just suffer that first week and you'll be ok. I work out everyday - feel fantastic and my most recent visit to the Dr was off the charts good.  My only regret is I didn't get to this point sooner.  BTW - WebMD sucks. ;-) 
It's never too late. I drank a fifth a night for roughly 6-7 years and was hospitalized with liver failure right before my 26th birthday. I was told that I needed to say my goodbyes and make peace with my family because it'd be a miracle if I survived through the weekend. My family was told I had anywhere from 24-72 hours to live. I had what was the told the worst jaundice anyone had seen by at least 30 medical professionals I was as yellow as a character on the Simpsons. That was just over 7 years ago. ..I quit drinking about a week before I was hospitalized and haven't looked back on that decision. I chose life despite everything telling me I didn't have a choice. My liver levels are normal now and have been for about 6 years now it took about 1 year to get them back down to that point because I was so pickled. I had my gallbladder removed 2 years ago and the surgeon told me he'd never seen a liver so bad and it was amazing that I was up and walking around like I am essentially like nothing is wrong because nothing is wrong miraculously. Don't get me wrong I'm not in perfect health but I'm good. I may need a transplant down the road but I qualify for one because I am sober now. I'm well enough that I could get a living donor where they take half from someone who is healthy and alive and it fuses to mine and grows. The liver is an amazing organ that can regenerate not 100% but quite a bit.  ..I know my story isn't common and my experience is unique but I can't be the only one who can make the recovery I have no chance. I'm not special I just tried. I'm more than happy to lend an ear if you need one or answer any questions you might have. 
The body is pretty amazing with healing on its own. I am 33 and drank 2 bottles of wine every night and turned into fractal soup every weekend on a rainbow of drugs. I got a liver and kidney tests done a few months ago and the doctor said my test were perfect. I was shocked but stoked. The moral of the story is you are young didn't drink an insane amount and should see a doctor if you are worried not a bunch of drinks on the internet :) Good luck with everything! 
While 6 beers a night isn't healthy it really isn't that much when you compare to other people. You are most likely fine tons of college kids drink more than that a week who aren't alcoholics and slow down after they are done school and are fine...Get a physical get your enzymes checked but relax you are most likely fine. If you had been doing this for 20-30 years... maybe not. But of course I'm not a doctor.
A 6 pack of what I assume to be light beer? Haha dude every young adult I know in Portland drinks that much or more. That's actually not a particularly scary number.  I doubt you've done massive damage. There's guys that drink a fifth a day for 40 years and somehow still get a second chance at life after a Dr warns them. 
55 here and began drinking at 16. So NO it's not (or ever) too late to stop.
as far as insomnia goes I found benadryl (generic diphenhydramine) to be helpful early on in helping me reestablish a regular sleep cycle. Plus it worked for my allergies too! --damn dust mites. Anyways I wish you the best! 
It wasn't too late for me at 31 after 10 years of daily drinking. I went to my doctor and was honest and I got the help I needed. Nearly 2 years later I've never been healthier! I have no doubt that quitting saved my liver and my life.
It's never too late to make a change for the better :)
Nope...Never too late. 
I was beginning to really freak out over my health (drank about a bottle of wine a night for 15 years).  I figured if I was really that terrified I better quit.  All weird physical symptoms cleared up within a month - I'm going for the full medical work up in a few weeks and I expect it to be pretty normal with nearly 6 months clean.  Quit now before it's too late! 
Shit no it's not too late.  I drank alcoholically for 30 years from age 13 to 43.  Haven't had a drink in more than 13 now.  Getting going now will save many heartaches aggravations and consequences.  Good luck!
When I quit drinking in my mid 20s I was worried I had done all kind of liver damage. I spent a lot of time thinking about how I was going to die because of my drinking. After I got tested and everything was fine I came to understand that a lot of the anxiety I had resulted from alcohol's effect on my brain and quitting was great for me regardless of what my blood tests said.
[removed]
Not too late. The liver is amazing in its ability to rejuvenate. That said it wouldn't hurt to get a physical with a baseline blood test to check liver values and see where you're at. Stay sober and you Should make a full recovery. I won't drink with you today!
My best advice is to stop reading WebMD and go see an actual health care provider. Also it's never too late to start making good decisions for yourself. ..Best of luck take care.
I was in a similar situation. I drank either a 6 pack or 1-1/2 bottles of wine almost every night since I was 22/23. I stopped 11 days after my 28th birthday last year and haven't had a drop since. I've had lots of ups and downs in that time but it's incredible how far I've come. I was in a dark dark place in large part to the drinking I was subjecting myself to. Facing mental health issues head on without the cushion of alcohol since then has been tough but far superior to the nightmare train to death I was previously on. 28 is definitely not too late or so says the 29 year old who quit when he was 28 lol. Good on you for being here.
The alcohol consumption causes insomnia.  Once you quit your brain will adjust and you can sleep again.  In the meantime melatonin valarian root and gaba one hour before bed can help sleep.  No one gives medical advice on here.  The liver regenerates really fast.  I'm sure you can have a full recovery.  Some people on here drank bottles of hard liquor for years and recovered.  Good for you quitting now.  I won't drink with you today.   A good diet with vitamins and minerals is crucial.
Short answer: you're probably fine. The liver is incredibly resilient and 28 is still pretty young to be developing any major problems...Long answer: I was in the exact same place at your age (I'm 31 now). Five years of drinking a six pack per night. I went in for an exam and the doctor said my liver was swollen and recommended an ultrasound. The ultrasound came back normal no scarring or any other sign of damage. I quit drinking and the swelling went away...I relapsed big time a few months ago and developed a dull pain in my side that I was scared shitless meant liver disease. I went to see a doctor again and he didn't even detect any swelling. The pain was either psychosomatic or just a pulled muscle or something. I'm sober now and feel perfectly healthy. 
Just jumping in here in case anyone thinking of quitting alcohol thinks it's safe to do this alone. (as one or two comments suggest: just quit)  The reason we rapidly relapse after one or two days is because alcohol withdrawal (from a decent regular amount) is a SERIOUS and DEADLY game. YOU MUST seek medical attention within 24 hours of quitting.  You can literally seizure and die at the 72 hour mark with no idea what is happening. Please at the very least make sure you are NOT alone when you are detoxing you can die if you try this alone at the least someone needs to keep an eye on you for seizures. 
