-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6916m1/relapsed_after_four_months/

On April 23rd the day before my 25th birthday my dad had a massive stroke. He's still in the ICU on life support. He has "locked-in syndrome" so he's cognitively there he can think and he understands what happened to him but his entire body is paralyzed. He communicates to us through blinking. There is no chance of recovery. It is the most devastating thing I've ever experienced...On April 25th I couldn't be strong anymore. I didn't care about my sobriety anymore. I relapsed on alcohol and other drugs as well. Drinking with my brothers felt like an important part of the grieving process. Even at the time I knew I was making excuses but I just didn't care. ..It was difficult for me to come back to the sub and request a new badge. I feel ashamed but I know that my progress isn't all lost. It is going to take a long time for me to heal and I know that I need to be sober. I'm going to take this as a learning experience and keep going...Thanks for reading. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry for your dads stroke. It can be devastating to be sure. ..Welcome back. ..No better way to honor your dad than with your sobriety. 
No need for shame my friend...Let's pick you up dust you off and get on with the journey. I'm very sorry about your father. That's a heavy burden.
Very sorry about your dad.  
So Sorry for your Father..I will not drink with you today.
Sorry. I wish you and your family well. 
The loss of my dad was one of the things that started my downward spiral. I feel terrible for you your family and your dad. It's a terrible diagnosis. Hang in there and be kind to yourself. 
So sorry for your struggles. Welcome back - one day at a time!!!
If you're going through hell keep going...I won't drink with you today :)
I'm really sorry about your Dad. Locked in Syndrome sounds like pure hell being conscious but unable to move. My deepest regards! Use this as a motivation to fight even harder rather than give in. Good luck!
Wishing you strength!
Welcome back keep strong
Don't sweat it! Glad you're back on with us and keep going strong!
My father had a massive stroke in the basal ganglia which paralyzed his right side and prevented him from being able to play guitar speak move...basically anything. He was 59 when he had the stroke (I was 18) and spent the next four years in the hospital before passing away. It was the most devastating thing I have ever experienced and I drank my way through it heavily. I am so sorry that you are having to go through this. Do not be ashamed of your slip but try to stay strong. Even if the doctors say there is no chance of recovery try to keep him active talking to him reading to him allowing him to read books music moving his limbs etc. I didn't know what to do when my father had the stroke and I wish I had done more than allowed him to rot away in that bed. :( .PM if you need to talk. XO.
I can't believe you even made it back here i don't know that I could. Don't feel ashamed not many people would have the strength to pull themselves back up and try again in this situation. Man you've got me crying like a baby - hang in there xx
