-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/694fs5/looking_for_some_advicemotivation_for_going_to_my/

So I'm currently on day 4 of my 5th attempt to quit drinking. At the moment I'm feeling pretty good about it. I'm finding that each time I try to quit is easier than the last time I tried to quit. I experienced the same thing when I successfully quit cigarettes last year. It took me several attempts but each time was easier than the last and eventually I was able to quit for good. Now I have completely lost any interest in smoking cigarettes...Anyway even though I'm feeling pretty good about it right now I can't help but a be a little nervous that a relapse is inevitable. I've already gone weeks and even months alcohol free in my previous attempts and I felt good about it then too. So I've been seriously considering starting AA meetings this time just to help really solidify my sobriety. I don't know I some how feel like attending meetings will make both my alcoholism and my sobriety "official" and will psychologically make me feel like staying sober is my only option now. Does that make sense? I hope that makes sense. ..Naturally I'm a little nervous to attend my first meeting. I'm nervous for all the obvious reasons but I'm also a little nervous because I'm fairly young (22) and I have this notion in my head that everyone at a meeting will be way older than me and probably went through some more traumatic experiences than I have. I realize that that's kind of a silly way to feel and from what I've heard AA meetings are always welcoming of people no matter what their circumstances may be. But I can't help but feel that I might stick out like a sore thumb if I'm noticeably younger than most of the people there and I really don't want to draw much attention to myself at least on my first visit. ..I also don't really know how to even go about finding/attending a meeting. Do you just look one up on the internet and go no questions asked? How do I know which place would be best for me? And how do these meetings usually go? Is it anything like they are in the movies or are they a little more laid back than I probably expect?
----------immediate responses--------

I know a couple people in AA that started coming in their late teens or early 20's. I first went to a meeting when I was 25  but drank for a few more years after that. When it got bad enough I started going again after I went to a rehab. I felt like I stuck out at first and didn't fit in. I think there are meetings I've been to recently where I'm 20 years younger than anyone else. Age doesn't matter even if I feel like it does sometimes. I don't always like going to meetings but it keeps me from isolating even if it's only for one hour a night a few times a week. Just looks up a meeting online and go. People will probably greet you and introduce themselves to you. If you can find a beginners meeting you might not feel so out of place. I was really scared the first time I went to a meeting that is totally understandable.  My life now is something that I could not have imagined two years ago.
It's that simple. Google youth AA groups. I went to one and was so nervous and had no idea why. I realized though that Every one is there for the same reason. It's comforting in that regard because you don't have to hide or feel ashamed. 
Check the sidebar of /r/Alcoholism; scroll near the bottom where I found interesting info about AA meetings. 
They pointed me to young peoples meetings! But the first meeting i went to was kinda older. It's different every time - i am still meeting shopping which is kinda fun. Except I've cried at a few tbh. Ive seen others cry too so i don't feel that stupid..Good luck tonight!
From my experience they are nothing like the movies. I looked mine up and calls the hot line &amp; asked the person who answered the phone if it was a big or small group &amp; what to expect because i was terrified lol. When i got there though i raised my hand for being new said nothing they gave me a welcome packet after explaining this kinda like a q&amp;a phone numbers of other woman if i wanted to tall to someone and a schedule of meetings in my area. A few meetings later i take to people and they suggested young peoples beginners agnostic &amp; one that does a lot of activities. 
It totally makes sense that you feel like going to AA will make things official. Of course as I am sure you know - it's already official. ..I have never met a single person who walked into AA for the first time and felt comfortable. Every person I have talked to felt nervous or afraid or whatever. if you are concerned about the age of people you may want to find a meeting with a younger crowd. Have you taken a look at your local Intergroup? It can give you a lot of guidance about the sort of meeting you want to attend. ..I have been to meetings where logically I feel like I should stick out like a sore thumb. I've been to LGBTQ meetings and I am straight. I've been to meetings with people in their late teens and early twenties and I am 34. I've been to meetings where I was the youngest person by 20-some years. I've also been to meetings where there were young and old people alike. ..Not once do I think anyone ever cared about my age. The only comments I can think of pertaining to age is usually when someone who is older talked about how they wished they could have gotten sober earlier (like some young person in the room) because then they would be able to actually remember their twenties. ..One of the best things about AA is that everyone is there because of our shared problem - addiction. Nothing else matters - or at least should matter. It's kinda like SD. ..If you are worried about getting attention you may want to try a speaker meeting. If it's large enough you can basically be anonymous. 
Welcome! I was 29 when I got sober but I know a lot of people who were in their teens or early 20s when they stopped.  Yes it's that simple. If you google Young People in AA and you're in any kind of a decent sized city you'll be able to find meetings geared toward young people. ..What you're worried about in regard to sticking out is a pretty common fear. Most people have this idea that to be a real alcohol you need to have 3 DUIs or have lived on the street or spent time in jail but that's really not the case. If you go to meetings you'll see people young and old from all walks of life some who have had many consequences and some who saw the writing on the wall before experiencing any major ones. AA has been a huge help to me so I always tell people to at least give it an honest try. What do you have to lose from giving it an honest try? Glad you're here. 
u/fucksalt88 how did it go?
I went to my very first AA meeting today myself and I was pleasantly surprised that there were more people in my age bracket than I imagined there would be. I'm 29 youngest person in the room looked to be around 20 I'd guess.  The solidifying aspect of you going makes sense to me which is actually why I felt like I was going to panic just walking into the building. It was a warm environment and it definitely impacted me positively. I haven't entirely made up my mind about AA or how right the twelve steps are for me. But I intend to go to the same meeting tomorrow to keep feeling it out. 
