-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/698cok/4_days_sober_i_am_struggling/

A little back ground on me. I have been drinking since I was 15 I am now 28. I used to only drink on the weekends that progressed into long weekends then to almost everyday and for the last 2 years I have had more than 2 drinks every day and the weekends get out of hand. I am a combat veteran with 8 years in the Army. I was self-medicating my PTSD. I started going to the VA and they gave me pills but beer worked better so I kept drinking. However this weekend I chose to stop drinking and had my last drink on Sunday. 4 days in and all I think about is beer. I stopped smoking cold turkey 4 years ago so I know this feeling but I am finding myself lacking energy not being able to sleep and I am grinding my teeth. at this point I am about to start drinking so I feel like myself again but I made a promise to myself that I would stop. I need some support. 
----------immediate responses--------

i needed real life connection with others in recovery and i found that in meetings of alcoholics anonymous.  i found hope and support and realized that i wasn't alone.  
Glad you are here.  If you need support wisdom encouragement there is lots of it here. This forum has been a life line for myself and I noticed many others feel the same way.   I know how hard it can be at the early stages but I can tell you it gets so much better and easier down the line; not that I am that far down the line. ..Besides this forum what has really helped me is to turn my focus to how good sobriety feels (like better sleep waking up with more energy/positive) and put less attention on thinking about missing drinking etc...That is a lot easier said that done and it can be difficult to do but it has been helpful for me to do.  ..Today I will join you in not drinking!
You can do this homes you just gotta persevere. Tough it out it gets easier. It is just really rough the first days. :)
UPDATE! I didn't drink last night and my god was the temptation there. My wife wanted to drink last night and I almost broke down. so this is the start of day 5. . .I didn't sleep well and when I did get to sleep I tossed and turned. I dreamed that I was drinking. This is HARD AF! but anyway I can do this I can do this! I CAN DO THIS!
