-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69995g/how_do_i_help_my_alcoholic_father/

Hi everyone..I am literally at my wit's end. I really want to help my father get rid of his addiction but I just don't know how. I frequent this subreddit because it gives me some perspective into alcoholism and the struggle of quitting...A little bit of backstory here. My parents have been married for 30+ years. They met at work at fell in love. My parents have faced tremendous struggles in life starting from losing both parents pretty early on to on of them committing an act of infidelity. Although they have rarely had marital discord and our lives have been pretty okay so far. I am almost 30 and moved to US whereas my parents still live in my birth country. My father has always been the slightly emotional one. He has always had anger issues he gets affected by other people very quickly he also tends to get hurt or tends to get emotional on certain occasions. ..My father has always had drinks but it was very rare. I remember a few occasions growing up when me and my sister used to make jokes about whether he was drunk or not. Basically  him having alcohol had never been an issue. I moved out of my house for college almost a decade ago and so I was completely unaware of the change in his drinking pattern. 2 years ago my parents visited me during Christmas and that's when I saw the true extent of his addiction...He would beg me to take him to Walmart to get "something/anything". I must say I didn't handle it very well because I just wasn't used to seeing him like this. I just hadn't seen him gulping down one drink after another and ordering the waiter for more during dinner. It was then that my mother shared that this has been going on for at least 2 years. He had too much stress at work so much so that he had lost sleep and now was also on sleeping aid. ..At this point everyone in our extended family friends neighbours are aware of his habit. He was also drunk the day before my wedding. Sometimes he takes sleep aids and a drink both. He retired from work last year and since then has also started drinking in the morning.  ..All of this is having a tremendous effect on us as a family. My mom is always stressed out. I also need to mention that my grandma with depression and early dementia lives with them. Also my sister has had mild developmental issues as a child and is financially reliant on my parents. All of this troubles me and my mother so much so that a good night's sleep without stressful thoughts is a luxury. ..I call my parents almost every day and to hear my father's slurred speech is so painful that I just cannot concentrate on work after talking to him. Over the years I have learned to tame my irritation down while talking to him because it tends to push him away and that's the last thing that I want to do.  ..Today when I heard him do it I just couldn't  bear it and I hung up on him. He got so upset afterwards that he refused to eat. I had to call him up again to kinda patch things up. This is getting frequent now. One of my uncle's passed away due to liver cirrhosis a few weeks back. One of my father's uncle has died due to esophageal cancer. He too had at least 2 drinks a day. ..Reddit at this point I don't know what to do. He refused to go to meetups or support groups. Refuses to acknowledge that there is a problem. ..Any input is greatly appreciated. Thanks a lot. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry to be the one to say this but you can't force your dad to put the drinks down. He has to want to do it himself. Many on here highly recommend Al-anon which is a resource for family and friends of alcoholics. Hopefully it is available in your parents' country as well as it sounds like your mom could benefit from attending. Very sorry for your pain sending well-wishes.
You don't owe your dad any apologies. You are free to set boundaries on how you will engage with him. Example: I won't talk with you while you're drunk Dad. Sounds pretty reasonable. You might restrict when you call home to less often so that it does not upset you and distract you from work. ..Do you send your parents money? If so do you think your dad takes some/all of that money? Maybe talk with your mom about how to cut him out of the finances so that his addiction does not threaten their livelihood. 
Sorry but alcoholism is way more powerful than any one person's good intentions. The only thing you and your family can really do is don't enable him and let him experience the consequences of his drinking. Pressuring him to stop will likely only make him dig in his heels even more.  As others have said setting firm boundaries is a good idea. Al-anon is a place where you can learn how to take care of yourself in a situation like this not where you can learn how to fix him.  If there are AA meetings in your area there are likely Al-anon meetings too. If not you can find online meetings. ..At this point the best thing you can do is switch your point of view to how to take care of yourself rather than take care of him. If/when he decides to ask for help the healthier you are mentally the more able you will be to be there for him when he needs you. 
Sorry to hear about your situation; sounds like your dad is a highly emotional/sensitive person and that is one factor contributing to the drinking; so is mine and he is a functional alcoholic same with uncles cousins etc...just like yours.  ..And same with me; family pressuring me always made me dig in my heels as some else here already said and either take the stance that I don't have an issue or admit that I do but go on drinking in hiding.  Amazing how much/long you can hide your drinking if you want to.  I came up with some ingenious ways to hide my drinking. I won't go into detail but it was tactical CIA - level good.  Until I slipped and got so drunk that there was no hiding it...The only reason I stopped now is because I realized I wanted to. A big part of that was coming here and reading books that explain exactly how alcohol is addictive and what exactly it does to the brain by re-wiring the neurons and taking over the brain literally.  Reading books that explained this in detail really helped me understand how alcohol is physically impacting my brain and body and that I have the option of undoing much of that damage if I stopped.  So after 20+ years I have decided to try a new way of living and I am loving it- but it is totally my own decision and journey...despite the nudges from family the light bulb had to go on in my own head for me to actually stop and develop the strong desire for a sober life.  
You are in a very difficult position. Sorry it is happening to you. If you read SD enough you will hear from long-timers: "you'll know when you are ready to stop." The converse is also true: many do not want to stop or cannot. ALANON works with families and friends. It helps focus on you and what you are dealing with. Support like this is invaluable...This is a powerful disease. It changes how you think which changes how you act. You are wonderful for reaching out. I wish you all the best.
It's been said by others already that he has to be the one to decide to stop. This being Star Wars day I'd like to quote Princess Leia: "He's got to follow his own path. No one can choose it for him". From my own experience I can tell you that the only person you can change is yourself. Reading your post I can see that your fathers drinking is having a pretty big effect on you. Even though there's no Alanon near you you can still find them online even on Reddit. /r/AlAnon can help you cope and you can speak with others who are in the same position as you. 
