-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69ct8i/i_hate_this_impending_doom_feeling/

Hey guys! So I am currently living in a transitional living facility and one of the conditions of me living here is that I wake up every morning at 6:30 for "morning meditation." Basically what this place is about is teaching recovering addicts how to live life on life without relapsing. They teach us how to be productive members of society instead of the junky nuisances we were used to being. I know that may not seem like a hard thing to do but when you try to change your normal behaviors/lifestyles like having absolutely no structure in your life and doing what ever you want you don't really know how to be an adult. I love this place and everything that it has done for me so far but I know I have a lot more to learn. I am terrified they are going to kick me out because I am not carrying out my end of the agreement. I recently found out that I have hep b and c which causes you to have less energy. Which I have noticed that I am extremely tired all the time and I have trouble waking up and staying awake through out the day with out a nap. (Which is also not allowed) I can't use that as an excuse though because many that have been through this program before me have successfully completed under the same conditions. I am afraid to get kicked out of here. It scares me so bad because I know that if I leave and go back to my old life then I will relapse and die. I want the opportunity to have a good life and this is it. They help with housing after you complete here so I won't have to go back around the same people or places. I have tried setting an alarm and putting it across the room my house mates have tried waking me up I go to bed early... I don't know what else to do and it is a terrible feeling when you feel that your life is on the line over something as simple as waking up early and I can't even get that right. I just really want to stay sober and live a happy life so any suggestions with this would be helpful. I know it seems stupid but I HAVE to get this. It's not a matter of just wanting it any more because I will die if they kick me out. I don't care how dramatic that sounds I know it's true. 
----------immediate responses--------

You mention going to bed early but then you've been posting about being a night person? I also struggle with sleeping at night. Developing sleep hygiene and using doctor prescribed medication helped me stabilize.
I know exactly what you mean when you say that sometimes you feel like you don't know how to be an adult I'm the exact same way. As someone who struggles to wake up I use multiple alarms spread out in different rooms loud music (that I like) right when I wake up and a quick cold shower if necessary. BTW it sounds to me like you will make it because you sound like someone that really wants to bad enough! I'm rooting for you hard!     
No naps sounds like a pretty bad rule but if you need help staying awake through the day perhaps experiment with what sort of caffeine/energy drink works best for you?  Overdoing it with them can have its own issues but they usually do the job and can help fill the beverage hole left after cutting out alcohol...As to waking up I don't know that something I've my own struggles with but my one tip would be try to maintain as consistent a sleep schedule as possible.  If you got to bed at the same time every night it gets a lot easier to always wake up at the same time in the morning.
i feel your pain...i wanted to go to a 5 week rehab at one point but realize they want us up at 6-7 am...no way i could do that...have been a night owl all my life...no naps either?  what are these places Nazi camps?  i would get the boot for sure...i am taking sleeping meds right now to regain some semblance of a normal life...if i was you i would want to start sleeping REALLY early!  I wish you the best....if you get the boot for whatever reason....dont pick up!!!!!
Are you able to connect with a staff person about this? Just because someone else had hep b&amp;c too doesn't mean it's manifest in with the same symptoms. ..I wonder if you can share your concerns with a staff person and figure out if there's a way they can help you get your sleep needs met and still get you up for meditation etc. The staff want you to get the most out of your stay at the facility. ..I'm so sorry about your diagnosis. 
