-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69j4mb/4_weeks_update_my_bo_no_longer_smells_like_cat/

I also had a face hiding somewhere under all of the bloat. It's starting to come back and I barely recognize myself. I must have looked like shit before. ...My everyday used to revolve around what time will I start drinking. First thing with coffee? Probably. Now it's just coffee and boy does it make me feel fantastic. 100 times better than a **"trying to pretend you're not hungover"** coffee...I somehow thought I was functioning and getting things done. I could plow through things if I really needed to... but I was really just a drunk shitty robot for a few hours tops (until I forgot what I was doing or blacked out)...Now I have the entire day to do things. It's like I have twice as much time. Days are no longer lost because I am in them. A daily journal/log and a to do list help me stay focused when my mind starts to think about what is next. I can make plans for the day without bailing. I can drive around now and go do things (didn't drive when I was drunk just always stayed at home... alone). ..Also note to self: I am terrified of my next relapse. Thinking about it feels like a nightmare...My youngest child has a birthday this week and I am so excited to make it to that day with one month of sobriety under my belt. Never thought I could do this. I am confident but don't want to get too ahead of myself and jinx it. So here we are one day at a time. I won't be drinking with you tonight no matter what happens. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep at it! You're doing a great job. I'm glad you don't smell anymore :D haha
Nice going! Fear of relapse sounds like a good reminder to stay vigilant. Rock on with your de-bloated sweet-smelling body. :D 
Yeah! Congrats! I smelled so awful after I dried out the last time...so much worse than the first. The smell alone is enough to make me think twice about drinking!
Love this! You are awesome! 
What next relapse?  That shits old news man.  You got this.  I will not drink with you tonight.  And only real hangover-free coffee for us tomorrow.  :)
Well this feels like something to look forward to. Congrats on almost a month!
Oh noooo...that damn raw onion odor! Bleh. That's such a distinct scent that I absolutely do not miss!..Congrats and have a great time at the birthday party this week!
Lol @ cat piss and onions. Think I got lucky with not smelling like shit during detox.
well done!  NOT drinking with you today!
Congrats!  Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.
Damn dude you're making me wonder if I've smelled awful while not sober and during detox! Even when I thought I smelled like death from the cheap vodka seeping from my pores girls would randomly always tell me I smelled nice. I wonder if the smell is mostly in our head. I have an irrational fear that my breath always smells really bad since I've read alcohol does that.
Ahhh! That's what's going on! Lol 
