-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69j5d6/day_10_cinco_x_2/

I didn't really think the planets would align so quickly to challenge me to this degree but they did. .After ignoring the case of "not-available-in-my-state" beer that my boss put in my car as a late  "Administrative Professionals Day" gift tonight I went to my dads house (who I would often drink with) for my new step brothers 21st birthday/Cinco de Mayo (handles as gifts and margaritas) party. (Holy F*>%ing S#!t Universe).There was enough booze there to hospitalize all in attendance for sure. .And I didn't drink a drop. I danced with the kids and ate cake. .I know this probably would have been a whole lot easier if I would come clean with everyone that I'm not drinking but I guess I'm still struggling with the stigma. I know I have a million miles to go on this journey but this is one step in that journey I am proud of. .Any one else ever feel like the deck was stacked against you? What's you're plan for those situations? 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been either trying to show up with something to drink of my own (sparkling water soda etc) or have some pre thought of excuse ready to go. Sad that we have to have a reason not to drink but I feel the same way it would be easier just to be honest. At the same time that seems like a whole different can of worms I haven't felt like dealing with at family gatherings. Good luck not drinking with you tonight!!
Great job getting through it!  I had a couple full months under my belt before the holiday madness hit with one party event after another so it wasn't so bad.  Every "first" really seems to add a lot of power to my determination to stay sober though.  Congrats on hitting double digits.  I will not drink with you today.
I have rules for going to events. ..1. Always have a way to leave that doesn't depend on someone else. I usually drive or uber by myself so I can just leave without making a big deal or really telling anyone. ..2. Show up early and leave early. Showing up early allows me to socialize with people a bit before they really start drinking. Then when they do I just leave because of rule #1. ..3. If an event is purely focused on drinking I just don't go. I'm pretty comfortable with this now. I don't go and I don't feel bad about it. I also don't get upset with people for planning events all about drinking. They can do that all they want I can not show up all I want. ..These rules have served me pretty well for the past few years. For most events I found that people didn't care that I wasn't drinking as much as I cared that I wasn't drinking. It takes a bit to build up defenses. I miss fewer events now than I did at 10 days but I still miss them and I'm fine with it. 
So cool that you didn't drink. Nice work. ..Its hard with the temptation sometimes and they are little tests but you're stronger than that...also if I'm ever tempted or tested I just remember all of my shitty shitty hangovers and times where I have said and did things I regretted and that snaps me back to sobriety loving pretty quick. Lol. Fuck hangovers and easily avoidable regrets.
