-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69k959/sos_out_of_town_today_and_its_saturday/

... which would usually mean it's time to get drunk. I'd crack a beer open by noon and then continue from there...Not today. The weather's absolutely beautiful one of the first properly warm days this spring. Nary a cloud in the sky the wind's but a gentle breeze and I'll spend the day working in the little plot of land I've rented for this season. Got to put up fences to keep animals from eating the harvest get rid of whatever unwanted weeds I've got growing there and start working on the potato tower. For the evening no plans whatsoever. I think I'll keep it that way - only one thing's sure though: the day's too good to waste by drinking...I feel so damn nice and calm. It's been a while since last feeling this good not even during my last sober period this year. Maybe it's the sun maybe it's that the end of the semester is nearing and stress is slowly subsiding maybe it's the work I put into bouncing back from my relapse. Doesn't matter. Right now it makes me feel so free that I'm able to enjoy the day in whatever the way I like to instead of ending up drinking like always before. Freedom from drinking instead of the false freedom to drink I had before...I hope that everyone here has as good a day as possible!
----------immediate responses--------

Your post is so lovely - I hope you have a great day in your plot and your freedom.
Hey thats so awesome! I wont drink with you today...Hope your day is great!
Me too...in the same boat.  Right about now early saturday morning I'd "normally" be crawling out of be looking for a glass of water trying to remember last night and also trying to not face the day for as long as possible with a terrible hangover. Instead I am on here having a cup of tea by my window with the sun on my skin and planning to go ride my motorcycle shortly!  This IS life; the other thing was DEATH.  Glad to share life with you today; hope you have a fantastic day!
&gt;Freedom from drinking instead of the false freedom to drink I had before...Beautiful. Enjoy that garden.
Tending a garden parallels sobriety. Super cool way to spend Saturday! 
Happy weekend!  I won't drink with you today.
