-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69lu8o/alcoholic_neuropathy/

Pretty sure that is what I have from +30 years of drinking. Toes and finger tips feel numb and I get pains in my toe joints every so often that hurt like crazy.  The numbness was starting to creep up my legs before I figured out what was happening. Blood pressure was also creeping up something that I've never had a problem with before. I'm on day 6 this time. Quit back in 2012 and was sober for 3 years. Then I relapsed and have been drinking everyday (pretty much) since then.  The relapse was aggressive. I was drinking more recklessly than before. Pretty scary.   This time I'm trying to hold on and just take it 1 day at a time. My SO drinks every day and does not think he has a problem. There will be no support from him. ..I am going to make an appointment with a doctor for a complete check up to find out exactly what is going on. I have started supplements and am hoping they will help a little bit. ..I read here everyday and the stories are very inspiring.  I'm hopeful that I can make it this time. 1 day at a time! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your story. We are here to support you as you do a great thing for your body mind and spirit!
Supplements are huge.  Even with a good diet the soil is depleted.  I learned that quality matters in vitamins.  Like for E you want the real want with all 8 parts not the cheap costco one.  You want real everything.  I actually got Norweigian lemon flavored cod liver oil.  It tastes ok.  I take a swig or two a day.  Good luck.  Don't get the cheap stuff.  Flinstones vitamins are actually toxic.
Get checked for diabetes. 
Whatever you do do NOT let the doctor prescribe pain pills for the neuropathy. I know an alcoholic that prides herself on quitting alcohol but has become severely addicted to pain medication.
Please be safe and go see your doc.  I think abstinence will help if it is alcoholic neuropathy.  I'm not drinking with you today. 
I hit the drink hard for 28 years.  I stupidly believed when I stopped drinking my health would return.   Doesn't work that way.  The only guarantee you get in recovery:  ..IF I CONTINUE DRINKING THINGS WILL GET WORSE.
Hi-- both a drunk and a medical professional. You should get a soup to nuts physical and everything but a lot of time we get really deficient in B and D vitamins and this can lead to numbness and tingling. Best of luck to you and I will not drink with you tonight! 
