-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69mueg/starting_over_sucks/

I've done it many times before. I'll swear off drinking forever have a few great weeks of sobriety then throw it all away for a stupid reason. ..I never can seem to get past a month or so without relapsing. I started this year off saying I was going to quit but only made it 29 days before I gave in. Last year around this time I quit and made it 41 days. I've probably tried to quit at least a few times each year for the last 6 or 7 years. ..It's hard on my body but more importantly it's hard on my mental state to keep starting over. Every time I try to quit I feel convinced that this is the time it's going to stick but so far it never has. ..The good news is I haven't given up yet. I'm still trying. I have almost a week sober and I'm grateful. I'm trying to learn from my previous relapses instead of letting them make me feel hopeless. ..I've already decided I won't drink today. I plan to be here sober and thankful tomorrow. Hope everyone has a great sober Saturday!
----------immediate responses--------

That's all it takes deciding not to drink today. I made 124 days then broke for nine months then I got another couple of days drank for six days then tried again and here I am at my one year. The difference has been deciding that I'm done with alcohol. I was miserable for a long time without it but more miserable with it. I take a walk when it all gets too much. I get away from myself and get some perspective. If I'm still feeling awful I eat a satisfying meal and just sleep. Then when that day is over I can carry on.
Can you want it?  I've been off and on but w/ wine.  I had huge success dumping the cigarettes.  Almost 2 years.  Do not miss at all and am grateful and hoping I dodged COPD.  So anyway by comparison the wine is small. But important.  I feel like I am so close to the point where I say I love no alcohol and it feels great and I have no desire to have any.  That is how it is w/ the cigs.
Yeah I know the difficulty of starting over... On the other hand I _know_ it's worth it. Besides from every attempt we learn something. I've already faced very hard challenges since quitting for the first time and succeeded so I know I can take them on later on too. Time to learn the lessons pick up the pieces and try again. And again. And again. As long as it takes. You only fail when quit trying. It's like the last time I tried and faced a certain challenge I wasn't strong enough I didn't have enough tools to beat it. Now with what I've learned I am better armed...I'm not going to drink with you today and great Saturday to you too!
