-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69qtb3/relapsing_does_more_damage_to_my_spirit_than_body/

I relapsed yesterday. My cunning plan was to start early so I wouldn't have such a bad hangover today. But only an alcoholic thinks this way...I started at 4pm and finished at 12. Had 10 beers and the hangover's not so bad. But it's not the whole story how about the shame I feel over how stupid I must have looked to my friends who were visiting. How about the drop in self-esteem when I yet again broke my 12-day streak. How long does it take to build it up? It's gonna take another 12 fucking days to get to 12 days again. All the damage I have done to myself are not visible...Well. Bashing myself is not good. Just continue the good fight. Another go. Let's make this stick. I want to be sober. Those 12 days were super nice. I felt clear headed confident and content. ..My big trigger was coming back home. I was visiting my mom and I never drink there. But now I came home and I have such a strong association to get drunk by myself in my room. That feeling of being drunk by myself and having plenty of beers in the fridge is so assuring. It's just me and my buzz nothing in between. .I even don't like drinking with people anymore because it messes up my own experience of getting drunk.....I didn't go to meetings and wasn't keeping my head clear about why not drinking is the best thing for me so I relapsed. I was waiting it for the whole day; when can I pop that first one open...There are bits that I can't remember from last night like what happened between 8 and 12 pm?..It's time I start taking this seriously. I am powerless over alcohol. I have the power to choose whether I take the first drink. Today I will not take the first one...Have a great day r/stopdrinking friends! Let's stay strong together!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back friend! It's your process to be a better person and most of us did experience it..Let's start again!.I will not drink with you today !
I remember the feeling of a fridge full of beer. It was my definition of happiness. Nothing else mattered if I had a fridge full of beer.  None of the other good aspects of my life could make me happy without it.  Stopping drinking has made me see how insane that was. There is so much to be happy for in this world.
Hey; thanks for sharing this.  Today I am happy to stay sober together and share our strength.  
Thank you for sharing. I also drank recently and I can relate to much of what you said.
Welcome back and kudos for bouncing back so quickly and not sinking deeper into the booze. I got lost for like min 2 weeks this recent relapse.... so that is better than the previous but it was also my longest go of sobriety. So I feel you on the mental beating yourself up but I have accepted - took a step back and looked at what was going on addressed it put in a plan of action for this one. Sounds like you have done similar. I am glad you are here and being home is also my trigger. I have signed up for volunteering at the animal shelter trying to be more active in an exercise sense cooking daily (its delicious and takes up some time) found a project to work on (fixing some bikes) got a job I start Monday go to meetings and get on here. For my sobriety I have to stay busy I have to get out of my house and IRL interactions seem to be something I need which I have never had part of my "recovery plan" before. Anyways... I am glad you are here and thanks for sharing! [High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I'm with you!..I'm more powerful than ALL the alcohol in the World *Outside my Body*...That's why I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..I can have one anytime I choose.  I choose not to do so today.
When I first started AA I kept hearing people say that if you drink again you will die.  I always kind of rolled my eyes and thought they were being melodramatic.  But eventually I realize drinking again won't necessarily kill me physically but it will kill me spiritually.  Mentally I have done a complete 180 from where I was when I started.  I would hate to lose that. Keep fighting and keep going to meetings.  It is worth it.
I can't tell you how many times I did this before it finally stuck. Each time I relapsed I tried to learn from it. Now I have a whole arsenal of tools at my disposal..You have the right attitude and a boatload of support :) Have a great sober day!
You shared a page from my diary SoontobeSuperman. Seriously... I've typed nearly every word you have above [I don't have friends that visit me]. And you are making progress on various fronts... identifying triggers was huge for me. I will stay strong with you Clark Kent. Let's not drink together today.
I'm not a smart man but I can be stubborn. That damn badge has been the most influential factor in my sobriety. I used to tell friends "I haven't had a drink in two weeks" until someone pointed out that they drank with me last weekend. Oh yeah. I forgot about that. But I haven't relapsed since joining SD. No shit. Really. And it's that damn little whatsit and the associated counter that keeps me going. ..But really what happens is that I look at that number start reading some of these posts about relapsing and moderating and make my choice to skip another day of drinking.
I came here to post this. You beat me to it mate. I also had a twelve day streak and broke it last night. And for the first time in a long time I feel 'hurt.' I wish I could go back and not drink....
Had to do a double take---I *literally* thought I had written this right down to the trigger being back at my mom's place in my old room. I feel you...I made a similar post to this after my last relapse a week ago. The big question---one I'm still trying to figure out a week later---"what are you going to do different?" It looks like you've already arrived at some of the best advice I got---go to meetings reflect on your habits etc...I won't be drinking with you today. Cheers!
Thanks for sharing and for your honesty. Get back on that wagon. You can do it 
trigger's are a bitch. i try to have a back up plan for triggers just in case. and i definitely agree that relapses take a real strain on the spirit. plus each relapse is frightening because i'll always have another relapse in me but i may not have another recovery in me.
It's happened to all of us. On my streak before this one I got up to 153 days and had a heart to heart with my friends on a Saturday night about how I was finally turning a corner with regard to my feelings about not drinking and how it was a major part of my life. The next day they all saw me drink at a football game. I did feel shame but then realized that all humans fall short of perfection all the time so I came back to r/stopdrinking and read posts to get me back into a positive state of mind. ..Just know that the first few days/weeks are the hardest and keep trying (if that's what you want to or feel you need to do). I'll gladly not drink with you today. 
Reading this while mulling breaking my 3 month steak gives me pause. ..My trigger is vacationing the 'I'll stop again back home' routine. Fucking sucks. 
We don't have the power in regards to choosing whether we want to drink or not we lost the power of choice.  No human power can relieve our alcoholism.
man i know how you feel totally and i seem to be going through the same motions 7 - 10 days off 10 days back on etc... Just need to break the cycle.  ..Similarly I've planned early sessions to get the hangover out of the way and i'd just end up drinking more as I'd have more time... so they didn't work out...Day two again for me... not drinking with you today!
When I start to drink I can't stop when I am not drinking I am thinking about the next time I get to drink.
Today's a new day. And I won't drink with you in this day.
Never quit quitting. 
Every time I drink after a sober streak I feel horribly anxious and depressed the next day (even when I pace myself to avoid the hangover headache) to the point where I can barely force myself out of bed. ..I've been doing a bit of research on nutrition recently and was stunned to learn that our gut bacteria produce 50% of our bodies' dopamine and 90-95% of our serotonin. Considering that alcohol wreaks havoc on the digestive system inflaming the stomach lining and upsetting that bacterial balance it's no wonder that we feel like shit mentally and spiritually after a night of drinking. The hangover is the least of it. 
