-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/69udtm/never_give_up/

Four months ago I thought I was cursed. I could only white-knuckle my way to three or four days without a drink before heading right back to ten or twelve days of seemingly endless cheap vodka...There was nothing classy about my drinking. The days of deluding myself with expensive scotch telling myself I was sophisticated in some way had long since passed. I drank for no reason other than to run away from my problems...But I never gave up and that's what matters. I kept coming back and fighting for something more than the pathetic existence I had tumbled into...This is not to say my life is by any means perfect. On the contrary I sleep way too much (a tactic to avoid the real world) I'm not as physically active as I'd like to be and I'm still working on my mental health...But the beauty of the situation is that all the other problems are secondary to alcohol. Alcohol buried me in a place where I didn't even have the strength to admit and address my problems. Now I can face them head on and things get a little easier every day...It took me over twenty resets to get to this point. I urge anyone struggling to keep fighting. This can be done and it is worth doing. It has been the hardest thing I've ever done but also the bravest. Please don't give up. Keep coming back. Keep trying. Keep fighting. Come to SD go to a meeting talk to a friend read a book listen to music take a walk WHATEVER. Just don't give up.
----------immediate responses--------

Needed to hear this today. Thank you &lt;3 we are worth it. 
You should be proud of yourself. That's huge stuff buddy. 
Love this!!! Thank you for sharing it was perfectly said!
Amen!
THIS! THIS! THIS!..It took me many attempts. Finally it just took!..Never quit trying!
Thank you. Needed to hear this as I had to reset my page today.
You are awesome! Thanks for telling your story.
Keep up the great work brother. 
Nicely put...thanks for this
Never! I second all of this. I was on the verge of losing hope several times over many relapses. Huge congrats on the four months! That was when things really started looking up for me.
Great post! Thank you from a guy that is fighting through day 3. This is inspiring!
[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) glad you are here and glad you never give up.
Awesome job! Keep fighting the good fight my friend :)
Way to go!
Way to go!  Keep it up.  Much healing has taken place after 120 days sober.
Thanks for posting this.  I have really been struggling with beating myself up over my drinking.  I am going to be staying with my parents for the week and ask for their help.  I have asked friends for help but I have gotten terrible responses back from them.  These type of postings help me continue to trying and keep fighting.  
Thank you for this! I will not drink with you today. 
CRIINNGGGEEE O man I can so relate to the fake sophistication or whiskey and scotch was right there with you for a year or so.  It's all the same in the end; poison...Don't beat yourself up over sleeping so much.  Our brains heal and change during sleep so a change as big as this one takes a lot of time to heal.  Early on I would take days off from work just to sleep all day...Anywoo GREAT work on battling AMAZING job on your progress keep it up!
Yes never give
Yes never give
Never give in!.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTGDMTqKFM8
I really needed this. On my 8th or 9th try.
Proud of you bud. Keep on keepin on.
Well said.  Happy 4 months to you!  You are rockin' it.  Sparkle cheers to you.
This!..This is awesome. ..Keep up the great work:) you are doing amazing!
Thank you like many others have already said I needed to hear this so badge reset it is empty vodka bottles into the bin which quite handily is being collected today so no unhappy reminders and fingers crossed one day I get to where you are
Thanks dude need this today! 
Congratulations !!!  Don't Give Up - is great advice.  Perseverance and resiliency. 
Thank you!
Awesome post and congratulations! I'm in the same boat as you got to the point of drinking just to escape reality. The funny/sad thing? Reality isn't even that bad. Nowadays anytime I have a suicidal thought/ low day/ or I'm stressed for no reason I just remind myself that alcohol made me this way.  Guys/Gals in your early days I can promise you that it's worth it. I still feel like shit sometimes but it is so much more manageable without the shame and guilt knowing that I feel like that because I'm only human and not because I drown myself in poison to "Escape". ..Keep fighting you're worth it!
Well said. I've lost count of how many times I've reset but I won't give up. In the end I'm still making progress because I keep trying and every time I make it further than before is a little piece of success..."Success is getting up after you fall down." - my stop drinking app...I won't drink with you today!
Fine words . I especially can relate to 'all other problems are secondary to alcohol ' .Never give up . ..You and I are gonna live forever - N Gallagher 1991 
Good work champ. I always say the same thing to myself when I want to drink. I've been down that road before. I know where it lead. I didn't like it. So why do I miss it? 
I needed this today.  I've been doing a lot of the 3-5 days off then 2 days on and it has to change.  It has to change.  Thanks for your post- it helps!
You had me at cheap vodka...thanks for the words
Thank you for your post; it is so heartwarming to hear this.  And proud of you for 4 months.  
Thank you for this. After a certain number of resets and failed attempts you start to feel hopeless. But it just takes one time for it to catch and change your life. Never give up. 
Needed to hear this as well. I don't even know how many tries I am on now but I always screw up around the end of the first week off the sauce. Then the self hatred sends me on a week long binge before I finally pull myself together and go back off for a week only to do the same thing again. I did my screw up last night after 5 days off but I won't be going on the normal binge this time. Getting back on the horse immediately.
This should be "Post of the Day"!  Keep up the great work!
Thanks for posting. I relapsed hundreds yes hundreds of times over 15 years trying to stop. I went to many meetings classes church services yoga classes etc. I fought and lost over and over and over. Until one day all that I had learned experienced fought for and cried over..... Clicked. I was a very slow learner and it nearly killed me. I stay sober one day at a time; every morning when I wake up (rather than "coming to") I give thanks and get better. There IS hope!
always love to see your posts. 121!!
Hey! We both stopped on the same day! Gratz!
Thank you from someone on their 4th reset this year :)
