-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6a53xh/struggling/

This is more of an emotional dump for me than anything. I'm struggling these days. ..*My 12 year-old seems to be having some kind of mental health crisis and I'm worried sick about her. .*I'm not sleeping well at all. I wake up many times during the nights and have trouble getting back to sleep. .*Everything is annoying me lately. EVERYTHING. Things I can usually just ignore are getting on my last nerve. I'm super crabby and cranky and I hate it when I get like this. .*My ex-husband hasn't paid child support in months and because he fucked off back to Canada it's very difficult to get money out of him. .*Said ex-husband also hasn't talked to his children since August of 2016. The girls don't understand why and I have to deal with the fallout. It also makes me the sole caregiver 24/7 and I am tired. Bone tired. ..It's not making me want to drink per se but I am really having a hard time coping with my day-to-day life lately. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry for your troubles. ..We can only do what we can do and take care of ourselves. 
I'm sorry that you're struggling right now...Sometimes the only bright spot in my life is my sobriety. No matter what happens or what I lose it's the one thing that can not be taken from me... except by me...Sending out some positive energy and love. Hang tight.
Sorry to hear that; so courageous of you to come here and talk about it rather than hit the bottle!   Sending positive thoughts and prayers your way.
you sound an amazingly strong person and thats proven with your 53 days with all the struggle you are having. life sometimes seems full of downs and downs as opposed to ups and downs and hanging in is all you can do but your strength will pull you through sending energy to you to continue the excellent job you have already done!
I hope you have enough support from friends/family...&gt; Said ex-husband also hasn't talked to his children since August of 2016. The girls don't understand why and I have to deal with the fallout..My dad left when I was 9 and I never understood why..I have a lot of memories of waiting on the weekend for him to turn up playing in the lounge room but really just watching the drive way out the window...My mom never gave up trying to make my dad care and keep in contact with us - would ring him on our birthdays and get him to wish us a happy birthdays try to get money for school clothes/shoes/whatever was needed - at the time I never really got why...My mom had to deal with a decent amount of fallout as well a lot of disappointment and anger and not understanding why he just cut all contact...I learned in my teenage years my dad paid about $1 month each for his kids for child support (creative accounting with his own business)...What I remember the most out of it all is how my mom handled the situation she always tried always cared for me the best she could. Always fought for everything I needed but not giving me everything I wanted (which was another distinction that took till late teenage years to figure out)...Personally it took me until about 16-17 until I figured out the 'why' with my dad - I still don't know why he cut all contact and never seemed to care never called on birthdays never showed any interest in how i was doing ever - but I realised that it did not matter to me anymore and realised how much my mom did try did care and everything she did for me as a kid...I guess what I'm trying to say is stay strong I'm sure your kids will eventually figure out the 'why' part for themselves but will eventually. Hope this made some sense.
The struggle is real and you have every right to feel the way you do. A saying I heard that's helped me is this: "Someday this pain will be useful to you." To me it means I'll come out of this pain with growth strength and appreciation for the good things in life after having lived through the bad. I wish the same for you!
I know what you mean about feeling super crabby and cranky. Constant irritation. It just hurts *so much* and never seems to go away easily and all I want is for someone to just...help. But oftentimes nobody does or can...I feel for you. Be kind to yourself. ..Could you lean on the school for help for your 12-year old? Sometimes they have programs assistance etc. to help with emotional support. 
