-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6a9oqr/here_i_am_starting_all_over_again_feeling/

Long story short a few years ago I lost two members of my family one to cancer and one to a heart attack. I was fresh out of college and I had landed a good job in the city. I had drank heavily before that but at least I was functional or so I thought...After those deaths I took it really hard and started drinking even harder. As a result I lost my job due to my performance slipping and soon after that the love of my life told me they didn't love me anymore...I was crushed and started drinking even harder regularly blacking out and hurting myself. Sometimes on accident sometimes on purpose. I ended up in legal trouble for a DUI but I kept drinking. By then all of my real friends I had had distanced themselves from me some even going as far as to block my number and my contact...Now I've started probation (3 years) and I realized that now the only "friends" i have now are only drinking friends and I have to distance myself from them. Tonight I'm not drinking but it's sinking in that I have to start all over again from the beginning. I'm still unemployed but I have gotten accepted into a Masters program that I start in September which feels like a lifetime away. Im only on day two after a massive relapse and I feel like I have no one to go to except my therapist and my family. I'm not going to drink tonight but I feel like i've made so many mistakes to get here and I wish I could forgive myself. Tomorrow I'm going to try to find some sort of event or something where maybe I can be around some people so I don't feel so lonely. If i relapse again and get caught by probation i'll end up in jail...It wasn't supposed to happen like this I was doing so well I just hope I have the strength to build my life back up to what it was. I wish I could see my old friends again but they don't trust me anymore or want to be around me. I need to be sober for a quite a but longer than just a few days before I feel comfortable trying to contact them again. I've tried getting on Tinder or something to meet someone just someone to hang out with and do positive things but I dread having to explain my problems like I'll be treated like some sort of leper...I'm ashamed I'm frightened and I'm so lonely. But here I am in my apartment drinking water and smoking cigarettes (which I also need to quit) but at least I'm making the first steps right?
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone!  We're here!..Also I found meetings were a wonderful source of support.  I'd call the AA hotline or look online.  They want to help.
You can heal. You can be happy and healthy again. Stopping is the first step. We are here for you! You can do this friend!
You can do this.
You can do this! When I moved to a new city and didn't have any friends I picked up a weekend job as a server at a local restaurant. Met some really fantastic people there and a few were even sober! (I guess unhealthy relationships with alcohol can be pretty rampant in the restaurant biz). It was a great way to get out of the house keep busy make some extra cash and meet some really fantastic people. Three years later and I'm still good friends with a few  of them. Congrats on making it this far.
Man you have had a rough go of it I'm so sorry especially for your lost loved ones. ..I did the same as you very functional then moved to a new bigger city after graduating college ended up losing my awesome "real" job 150% to alcohol then got a DUI. It sucks. I can't even imagine your losses and breakup on top of it ugh. ..But you can bounce back! I thought my career was screwed but hey I have a job better than a lot of people in our generation. And I finally have an interview for a similar higher level position to the job I lost this week I'm excited. Still have an embarrassing blow-n-go in my ride but what the hell?..You can totally bounce back from all this. Now it's so disturbing to me I actually tried to kill myself after getting fired/my DUI. So stupid. We can gradually fix our mistakes and get a happier life just gotta hang in there. I wish you the best of luck and I won't drink with you today! 
