-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aahrv/42_days_struggling/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

My addiction wanted to use something to make me feel a different way. Doesn't really matter WHAT got me there: drugs alcohol cigarettes starving food anger fear obsessions...the list goes on...Once I realize what is going on "Damn my brain wants to be numb right now" I can decide what to do next.
I never got hooked on anything but alcohol so I can't speak on shit with pills from that angle but I can say this: addiction is fucked...I stole plenty of booze from roommates in the past though...You're not a psycho.  Addiction is experienced by many people.  ..Have you thought about telling your family about your problem with pills?  
if you have been drinkingand taking pills for awhile you have to give your brain a chance to heal itself from the addictions.....everytime you take a nother pill you are weakening your resolve...i can easily see it within what you wrote....STOP using anything and ride thru the withdrawal feelings....that is the only way to go !!!
I'm too whatever to spew a wall of text like I sometimes do so I'll just chime in that you aren't alone. I've been unhealthily close to DPH lately in part to stay away from drinking. There's also the matter of the tramadol I had for gastrointestinal pain that all disappeared even though the pills showed up after my pain did. Then again they went great with the weed I also finished off. I may or may not have purchased some beer after the fact as well (really stupid because it was gastritis... As in I burned my stomach lining away initially with beer then with junk and energy drinks before it was healed.) And look... A wall of text. At least here we don't have to be complete messes alone.
I started out with pills after a car accident in 2001.   I didn't get clean until 2009 when I got sent to treatment by the Fl board of nursing.  I stayed clean for three years until I started drinking.   Within weeks my disease was out of control.   Turns out that drugs and alcohol affect the same receptor site.S in the brain so my disease just took off.  Now I'm two years clean and sober but don't take anything that can awaken the beast.  
