-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ahqhh/rebounding_with_pride/

In spite of myself I bought a 1.75L of rum and Pepsi for last weekend. I pretended like I was going to put it up and I could just have a drink or two after kids went to bed. That didn't happen. Fast forward to Sunday afternoon when the bottle was 2/3rds empty and I excused myself to bed and passed out. This left my wife to take care of the kids dinner bedtime etc. ..I woke up at 1am and couldn't go back to sleep. I had slept off the booze and was just so disappointed in myself. So after struggling to get back to sleep I got out of bed and was staring hard at the bottle. I looked at it and knew I was making a choice. I had given up on blaming or making excuses. I really was of two minds though. I took that bottle and realized I really wanted to just pour another drink and hope I could disappear into the drunk sleep again. More than that want was my need to be done making that choice. ..With great difficulty I dumped the rest of the rum into the sink. Something I could NEVER bring myself to do before. The thought of wasting alcohol would fill me with a guilt and dread. ..But Sunday night/Monday morning I was able to choose to believe in myself. I poured it out sat on the couch and put my mind into how I can make Monday a great day. ..Monday evening I took my son out on an "adventure" after dinner to get him new shoes and grab groceries we desperately needed. During that trip I walked through the alcohol section looked at the rum and said no. Looked at the hard cider and thought hard almost got some. Made my choice easier this time no. Pushed the cart through and passed the soda. Son points at the Pepsi and says "daddy you can get that." Like I forgot it. I told him I didn't forget it and I didn't need it anymore...Last night my withdrawal was giving me heartburn and not letting me sleep. I went to Cvs (where I generally always got my rum the savings!) and picked up pepto and melatonin. Walked through the liquor aisle and didn't even pause I made my choice. ..I am choosing me my family my life. ..My biggest challenge is going to be this coming weekend. I won't fill myself with dread and worry that I might fail. I am putting into my mind one thing "make your choice."..Thank you for listening wanted to put how I feel out into the world. I feel proud of my victory. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a great victory.  Feels good huh!?  I just went on a store run and walked out with just a gallon of milk.  Still makes me grin after months.  Cheap thrills. :)
HUGE NDV! High five!  I have never poured out a bottle i don't think.... i was a rum drinker too. Beer i could easily toss and pour but rum... ughhhhh it killed me actually it nearly did.  ..Water cheers to sober mornings and better sleep! 
Your post reminded me that a monk once told me that the way he quit smoking was by "choosing his way out of it." When I applied it to my drinking situation that sounded like a lot of work at first--like I always had to resist temptation every time a choice to drink or not came up. But I think I get it now. I have a choice to not drink or to be a heavy drinker. I just don't do anything in-between for long and I accept that. And like you I am proud of my current choice. :)  
Congratulations on a great day!  I won't drink with you today.
WOW - great accomplishment! Wishing you well this weekend. You can do this - one day at a time and always play the tape forward...
That is awesome! 
This is awesome dude....the realization.  If you make the correct decisions and pass them onto your children this is something they hopefully will never have to suffer through...For me...every time I make the decision not to drink I celebrate in my head...Best of luck dude!  Great job!
