-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6alyqo/my_badge_is_a_lie_long_time_sober_first_time/

I was one of those people who said under their breath "thank GOD I'm sober" when I saw a drunken mess. I always thought (in a maybe arrogant way) that my not-drinking made me somehow better than those drunks. But then a few months ago I started tasting it in my mouth. I was salivating just thinking about a gin & tonic. The cravings were day-in and day-out. Quitting drinking allowed me to start exercising quit smoking and be with a man I truly love. But I saw it one day in my psychology textbook; it discussed the different stances on alcoholism. Most generally believe alcoholism is genetic sure-- but some believe its behavioral and your country/cultural views can affect the rates. OH! That's all I needed to read. My twisted mind thought "Yeah kids in France drink wine and don't get wasted; they don't have rates of alcoholism like us. I can just keep that in mind and moderate myself like some Parisian woman." I was wrong. When my first glass of wine tasted bad (I was never a wine drinker) my little reptilian brain thought "It's ok! Just drink liquor!" Oh great idea. I had a few good nights. One drink with a friend and a buzzed drive home. But then I was buying packs of smokes before going home. Then I only smoked when I drank (after 5 months smoke-free). Now I'm getting rides home. Now I'm puking. Now I have 3-day hangovers. Despite the few good times I had trying to moderate it's just not for me. I can't do it. The booze really is a depressant and I can't stand the physical and mental pain of drinking. Actually I had forgotten the physical affects AFTER drinking (the headaches the jitters bad breath). I am not a drinker. I have a few days under my belt now but I'll reset my badge tomorrow. For today I'll keep it up as a reminder for what I've lost. Thanks for all the great users and abundance of help here I'll be back when I'm at 1181 days again!
----------immediate responses--------

I invite you to return here before you reach 1181 days again. We'll miss you if you go.
Yeah maybe you lost 1181 days but 1181 days is just a number.  All that really matters is today.  Having 1181 days didn't stop you from drinking again so what makes you think it'll stop you again in the future?  Screw the badge.  ..You made a mistake and that's okay but you've got the knowledge and experience of getting through one day 1181 times and losing your badge isn't going to strip you of that knowledge.  Just trust yourself and try not to be too hard on yourself.  Relapse isn't the end of the road.  Don't think of it as having to start from the beginning again.  Think of it as "I lost my way somewhere along the road was lost but managed to find my way back onto the road."  You're still on the road!  Keep going! : )
Thank you for sharing. I too just relapsed after a lengthy time of sobriety. I will not drink with you today!
One thing I've come to find on my own journey is that in order to achieve the best results in recovery at the optimal pace I absolutely can not be judgemental of anyone or anything else for any reason. The deep irony of going around thinking you're better than every/anyone is that it actually makes you a shittier person than every/anyone due to that attitude missing the point of life and existence that we are inherently equal and interconnected none better or worse than the other. The other thing is how could I ever be judgemental of the people still drinking when at a certain point in time I was right there with them? Even though I've stopped it would still make me a hypocrite and being a hypocrite just doesn't work for being happy and confident. ..On a different note you've lost absolutely nothing by relapsing the whole day counting thing does help slightly but it is a farce. The only day that ever mattered is today the only day that actually exists in reality. What you did *gain* from relapsing was a lesson. The universe put you into a position to see very clearly the challenges and obstacles you will need to overcome this time around. Now you have a choice take what the universe has given you and move forward or view the whole thing as a loss and stay stuck in place. Good luck on your journey I won't drink with you today!!
Well to me the badge represents continuous sobriety and it sounds like it probably does for you too. Still all of those days sober weren't for nothing if you learned something and were able to grow as a person. ..What are you going to do differently this time around?
I quit for 21 years once I'm just one drink away learned that can't ever just have one no worries stop the drinking and don't worry about the past one day at a time it's a cliche but it's so true!
You drank a whole lot less and your body and mind are probably a whole lot better off after not drinking for 3 years.  I don't think your recent drinking negates all of that--at all.  Please don't beat yourself up and maybe just pick up the not drinking where you left off?  Lord knows I've had to do that quite a few times.  In fact I'm nearly positive the overwhelming number of people here on SD have had a number of "slips"!
I'll chime in here and say that in my view you haven't "lost" your time--even if you reset your badge. You were still sober those days...And you've learned something that maybe you needed to learn...Finally thanks for sharing. This is a good lesson for all of us--certainly for me.
