-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aobx7/any_grad_students_academics_here/

Hey long time lurker here...Basically I was hoping for some advice about alcohol in academia...It seems like every event we have is focused on alcohol - receptions after talks dinners with visiting speakers drinks after those dinners... It's not helpful that our head of department gets drunk at every single one of these. That used to be me too a couple of years ago. I found it really hard to say no to free alcohol...Since I quit drinking I have still been going to about half of these but with a sparkling water in hand instead. That was okay - I wouldn't usually stay for the whole thing but I still made an effort. But a few things have happened recently that have made me feel like I might have benefited from a kind of special treatment while I was drinking too much - stuff like being offered paid tutoring or research opportunities and being sent articles relevant to my research - and now that I have stopped I'm not being treated with the same level of familiarity and the 'extras' seem to have dried up. I feel kind of disappointed because I thought my relationships with the drinkers was based on more than just drinking. I struggle a lot with anxiety (currently medicated for it which is working well) and being socially successful in academic circles is something that worries me a lot...I guess I'm just worried that I might miss out on professional connections by continuing this way. I think that even if that did happen I would be much much better off without alcohol in my life but it's quite a competitive field so it does worry me a little...By the way I'm a grad student in Classics...Any thoughts would be much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

phd student in medicine here. i just drink soda nobody has ever asked me to drink anything else. the connections i have made in this program now are much stronger than they were before (described below). depending how far along you are in the program there are just ebbs and flows in my experience - it could be that people don't want to put extra stress on you if you're close to defending or during exam time. you can also reach out and request the extra work - you won't be penalized for being a keener which is the best part of grad school...i used to be a phd student in another program and i let me drinking get the better of me and had to drop out. don't remember anything i learned though some of it would be helpful now and it was a waste of money. didn't make any friends or real connections that have persisted. .
I'm a graduate student in my last year of a master's degree. I have never had it be a problem. I go to any social event I want; I just don't drink. The thing is that no one ever cares if you are drinking or not. I usually have ginger ale or sprite because it is easier to turn down drinks when you have a drink in hand. Literally noone notices or cares if you're drinking but people will notice if you become sloppy drunk. I don't think you will miss opportunities because you aren't drinking. If anything you will be able to make a great impression because you will be the sober guy in a room of drinkers. 
PhD faculty member here..My professional connections are much stronger and more productive now that I've stopped drinking. I am much more consistent in my mentorship as well. I wonder if my students have noticed a difference? I'm not curious enough to ask however. ..Yes much of the socializing includes alcohol but I have noticed that I'm not the only one not drinking. ..In terms of mentorship I do a lot more direct prescriptive mentoring for new grads (1-2nd year). I assume that more senior grad students need less direct supervision and therefore provide less supervision as students progress through the program. I wonder if you are experiencing something similar. 
Fellow academic here. .There are departments that are like that. I didn't personally experience this but my husband did his PhD in one of such programs:  tweed-clad scholars at least some of whom are problem drinkers who encourage each other on a self-destructive course take pride in how much they can drink and have their own little "club". That particular program had an "old-boy" culture that was really exclusive and had other problems as well. I am sure the details are program specific but you get the vibe. ..A few thoughts:.  You don't have to feel like an outsider! Chances are these people are not "punishing" you as you stopped drinking you simply lost touch as you embraced a different lifestyle. But even if they were willfully excluding you keep in mind these people are not the cool trendsetters they make themselves out to be. Being drunk is not having the "life of the mind" it's just being drunk. It's just a way to romanticize what otherwise would just be seen as a problem. .  Do you have a graduate student steering committee a liaison officer or other ways in which grad students are in charge of organizing socials and/or opportunities? If so I'd talk to them about having an inclusive environment and maybe having social ideas that do not revolve around alcohol. Sometimes event are organized around drinking (think "pub night") simply because those in charge do not think about it being a problem. Some different input might help change the conversation and create an environment more inclusive for everyone (think about grad students with children people from different religious background those who can't drink for health reasons etc.). .  As many have already said nobody will care if you don't drink. .  Not drinking will only positively impact your career. To make it as a researcher you need clarity of mind. If you ever get a TT job you will be subject to a lot of stress and pressure. Being able to cope with such stress as a sober person will help you immensely! Also I have never taught a 150-student lecture while hangover but I can't imagine it being fun. .Good luck in your recovery and in your career. 
This is a bit dated but my father was in academia in fact worked closely with Edward Albee then a student who went on to write *Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolfe* after being expelled.  ..My parents socialized me by having me hand out hors d'oeurves at massive cocktail parties.  **All you are missing is being the focus of the next day's gossip.**..My rebellion was not to go to graduate school.
After I quit drinking I finished my thesis in about 2 months...  So whatever I may have lost in terms of socialization I more than made up for in productivity. 
