-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aqtqz/another_friend_is_gone_because_of_this_disease/

A member of my AA homegroup died from this disease earlier this week. We all just found out about it last night before the meeting. He was a good man who tried for years--longer than I've been around--to maintain sobriety. I knew he struggled with recovery but I always admired him for the fact that he kept coming back. He always kept trying. But for whatever reason sobriety didn't stick. And in the end this disease did what it does and another friend is dead...I'm reminded of the saying *some must die for the rest to live*. I hate that saying right now. I hate that I see the truth to it. Knowing someone who has died from this disease as painful as the loss may be can act as motivation to keep moving forward in recovery. But knowing that some good may come from this doesn't ease the loss. My logical mind and my heart are in two different places out of balance and it hurts...I hate that this young man is dead because of this disease. I hate that his daughter is going to grow up not knowing her father. I hate that his father also a homegroup member has lost a child. I hate that this scenario isn't uncommon. I think it's fair to say that I'm in the Angry stage of grieving...Don't drink. Go to meetings. Call your sponsor. Read the literature. Pray. These are the five basic tools of my recovery program. I don't know how much work I'll get done today but I do know that I'm going to continue to use these tools.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry for your loss. Stay strong. Looks like your five basic tools are working. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing this. Losing people never seems to get easier. 
I am so sorry about the death of your friend. But I have to say every time I hear this and it seems that the person kept going back and back to one recovery program without success I can't help but wonder if the person was ever told of or supported in seeking an alternative path to sobriety. ..And the notion that some must die so that others can live? No. There is more than enough recovery for everyone. ....
I am sorry for your loss. &lt;3 Not drinking with you today
This is hard.  ..I still do not understand the process the selection perhaps where some "get it" and some even though they may have large parts of the Big Book memorized don't.  I have seen some people take 6 years to finally get one year sober.  Many don't survive that long others just don't.
I am so very sorry to hear about your friend. It's so hard to see those we care about slip through our fingers. While indirectly I lost someone to this disease as well (suicide) and another directly (septic ulcers). Still it's taken me years after their deaths to recognize how much it's ruining my own life. Even knowing it was their downfall I kept on. But I want to honor them by living my life how they never could and I think I'm finally getting there. 
I am so sorry...I lost a Sponsee because this smart pretty educated hard-working wife and mother just couldn't stay sober.  She got drunk one night and fell and hit her head of the coffee table. ..The police called me because there was a Post Note on the refrigerator that said ..BEFORE YOU DRINK..CALL JILL ..(with my phone number) ..I wish she had called me instead of dying that night :( .
I'm sorry for your loss and for your homegroup's loss. If it's of any comfort when I read this .....&gt;My logical mind and my heart are in two different places out of balance and it hurts......I thought about how one of my lessons in recovery is that two things can be true at the same time. Accepting two different POV at the same time has helped me accept things that I've found very difficult to accept before. It doesn't mean things are broken it's just that it's very hard but that's not the same thing. I'll pray for your peace.
:( Sorry for your loss
I'm sorry for your loss. No one gets out of here alive but we're playing in a particularly brutal and cruel game. In your anger your hurt your lack of balance know that your loss is already helping others like me.
I'm reminded of something I heard Eric Clapton say when I was going through the early stages of sobriety. They asked him how he didn't take a drink after the tragic death of his Son Connor. He said "If you forget why you got sober in the first place you will relapse". I will never forget that. I am not sure if that is the reason I can keep sober but I do believe it is very important advice.I'm sorry your friend is gone  especially for his young family..
My condolences.
Sorry for your loss..
Thank you for sharing your loss and your grief with us. I'm not drinking with you today. 
This is terrible but thank you for sharing.  That some must die for the rest to live quote is cold for sure but by sharing this you're making the second half of it true. 
My condolences I'm very sorry about the loss of your friend. I won't drink with you today.
I am very sorry about your friend. My uncle died because of this disease last year. I don't know that he ever really tried sobriety. He was a really funny guy with an amazing engaging personality. The disease consumed him though. I am reminded of him in reading this post. Our struggle is real. The bond that unites us is real too. Life is delicate and can be lost in the blink of an eye. A somber fact. A reason to keep on. ..I hope you are well friend. You are in my thoughts.
