-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ato9s/relapse_er_then_detox/

I relapsed a few weeks ago. I had been drinking for ~7 years and quit cold turkey. It kinda worked at first and I had about 10 days sober. Then I stopped caring. It wasn't even like I really had an urge or even mentally tried to fight it. I didn't slowly slide back into it or even have a mental fight with myself. I just did it...I ended up in the ER on the 2nd. When I woke up that morning after drinking the night before I didn't really feel hungover or anything so I just continued on with "my day" like normal. After a couple hours I started to feel really weird. It was like something was agitating me but I wasn't getting any physical sensations from the feeling... it was purely mental. Then things stopped making sense. I was getting even more frustrated that my sister wasn't helping me turn on the TV even though I hadn't asked her to. After pacing around the living room saying that I don't feel right and that I'm afraid because I felt like my "lights were about to go out" I felt like I was about to have a seizure. I told my sister that and she said I should lay down... as I sat down I knew I was going to need medical attention. I told her I need to go to the ER and after crawling across the living room floor so I didn't have to walk she helped me to the car...On the way to the ER I kinda wished I would lose consciousness. My arms and legs had gone numb from the elbow down and the knees down. The scars on my knuckles were blue. I closed my eyes but I could still see what looked like static with bright blue pinholes. The worst part was the anxiousness/restlessness that had become so strong it was almost all I could feel. Everyone was driving slow and I hated them...When I got to the ER my sister helped me out of the car and we started towards the door... The entire front half of my body started to cramp up and constrict. We finally made it in the door and then I hit the floor and curled up into a ball and started crying like a baby. Everything had just caught up to me and there was no way to deny it anymore...I don't remember a whole lot of what happened after that but I do remember a few things: I had said yes to enrolling in their inpatient detox program and the curtains were waving around like ocean waves (it was a hallucination)...I detoxed and was let out in a week (on the 9th)...Being in that detox program was literally the best thing that's happened to me in a very long time. I had no idea what routine was or what it was like to follow a schedule. Those two things alone have done me an immeasurable amount of good. The day after I got out I started going to a secular AA group and I have gone to one each day since. The first two were awkward but helpful. Today's was really good. After being secluded for so long it's great to get out and talk to people you can relate to. But above all else it feels so good to be sober...I hope it'll stick this time but even if I stumble I've glimpsed what it's like to follow the path that's right for me. This is getting kinda long and I have more to say... so I'll schedule myself to post again tomorrow lol
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck with your sobriety. I won't drink with you today.
I'm glad you're here! This place is amazing. ..What a scary situation! I'm glad you were able to get help. I also wound up in the ER and then hospitalized. It scared the ever loving shit out of me. I'll never do that again. ..Stay strong! It's worth the fight! 
Looking forward to your post tomorrow.
Detoxing at a rehab center helped me immensely. 
Yikes that's scary! I can understand now why my friend has a hard time explaining what is going on with her when she's about to have a seizure from whiskey. I won't drink with you today.
