-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ayjo1/update_first_aa_meeting_impressions/

Hi all. I'm chugging along at nearly 2 weeks. Feeling great this Saturday however I've had a few struggles. Although I haven't had any real drinking temptations yet I did buy a pack of cigarettes the other day because of this weird nervous energy (I'm not really a smoker but I did bum cigs if I was out at a bar). I just felt like I needed some sort of "I know this is bad for me" vice because I have been so used to destroying myself with alcohol. I only smoked a few over the course of two days before I gave away the rest but it did have me feeling like crap about myself (so mission accomplished I guess). ..I also went to my first AA meeting on Wednesday. It was a "atheist and free-thinkers" group. I'm not against a regular AA group it just happened to be the one going on at a time and location that worked for me. I was glad I went but I'm not sure I will go back to that particular group. I'd like to try some other meetings to see if it is a better fit for me. ..One thing that I didn't like about AA was the "Hi I'm blank and I'm an alcoholic." I don't really want to call myself an alcoholic. The label bums me out. So instead I just said my name and that I wanted to quit drinking. I guess that's allowed. I don't ascribe to the powerlessness thinking of AA but at the same time I really feel like I need to belong to some sort of community of non-drinkers if I want to protect my sobriety. ..Still loving the feeling of going to bed and waking up sober. Breakfasts have been amazing lately. Workouts are on point. I know life will get better if I keep this up. So here's to not drinking today!
----------immediate responses--------

Well I am not an alcoholic (I certainly do not fit in to the description of one that is in the AA bible the Big Book). I just wanted to stop drinking so I did. I like Smart Recovery Online and I read and continue to use Allen Carr`s book Stop Drinking Now...I certainly am not "powerless" to help myself --- or deseased dishonest immoral and fatally flawed ---- like AA says I am...I wanted to stop drinking so I did.
I wonder if AA has thought about changing that "powerless" thing/mindset. Seems to be untrue and off putting for so many (including me)! 
I have used aa to success and I don't believe that I powerless either. I just rephrase it as allpowerful. But some things I'm not in contol of.I can control what my hand bring to my mouth but I cannot control what I crave. I'm not powerless I'm just not all-powerful
Here's what "powerless" means to me. When I drink I become powerless over my life. It falls apart. However when I am sober I have a modicum of "power" as much as any of us has over my life. ..When I drink I lose power--the ability to make healthy decisions. When I don't drink--I am not powerless. 
At meetings I say "I'm PG and I'm here to respect my sobriety"
I was powerless the moment I put alcohol into my body. Other than that alcohol has no power.
AA helps me.  I don't agree with everything about it but it has worked wonders.  Take what works and ignore the rest.
the book Alcoholics Anonymous is very clear "once more: the alcoholic at certain times has no effective defense against the first drink ....... His defense must come from a higher power" P43 = You are powerless to save yourself..Well what about learning some effective tools to avoid the first drink -- Smart Recovery --- the tools on the side bar --- I like Allen Carrs book Stop Drinking Now ..Teaching peeps that they are "powerless" over the first drink is a good way to kill them.
Hi I'm Pierce and I'm an alcoholic. ...I'm sober today and loving it. ...As far as being an alcoholic  I was the last person to know that all my friends and family knew it years before I admitted it....Today it is what it is.  No big deal....Best of luck to you.
