-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6aza4i/im_desperately_in_need_of_treatment/

I recently lost a job. (Corporate reconstruction) I no longer have health insurance and without my meds it will be $500-1000 a month. I'm also taking a few meds outside of the prescribed ones and drinking to try and keep my mood in check and to be able to function. The amount I have been doing it dangerous to stop. I've been on somewhat of a bender lately...Realizing I need thousands of dollars just to exist I'm debating just killing myself. The stress and depression are just too much. I'm tired of trying extremely hard to try and have a basic life. I still live with my parents. I've tried more than most people can fathom at trying to have a normal life and failed terribly...The thing is my friends and family think I'm doing relatively well. I've been working out and eating right. I have a great resume some experience and references. Even if I get a good job I don't want to live in this shit place while relying on meds for my brain to function normally. It's far more trouble than it's worth. Not to mention living in a place I hate around people I hate. I think I might be able to get off meds in a place that doesn't have winter 9 months out of the year. ..I've been so sick of living in the Midwest. It's boring and lacks culture or any progressive movements whatsoever. I want to take my little bit of saved money and just go somewhere where I can get healthcare or check into rehab. I can't live with my parents anymore. I'd rather be dead than keep going through the same endless hoops in this shitty place. I can't stress enough how much of an issue my situation and location is part of the problem. Telling my parents about my drug use or telling them that I need rehab is too stressful and depressing to think about. I could white knuckle it but even just laying in bed for a day my parents are up my ass. whats wrong with you! if you are depressed go for a walk/run! (They are very conservative/judgmental/strict) I see no good reasons to exist here. I'm desperately in need of a scene change 100 grand or both. ..My friend who has had similar struggles found a place out in California who is going to take him in and treat him. They said they will charge him but he can write it off if he does not have money to pay for it as they care more about helping people. They even pay for his flight out there. I feel like what's the worst that could happen? I want to take a month's worth of meds I'm prescribed and just go out there. The worst thing that happens is I have to fly back. Maybe it would give me a chance to network and start a cool job out there. I'm realizing that living where I am is killing me slowly and I need out any way possible. I really think something drastic has to or is going to happen. 
----------immediate responses--------

