-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b0rgh/todays_been_a_bit_of_a_struggle/

But I managed. I'm still sober and in bed listening to music. I had plans to go see a band tonight but I decided to give it a miss as my sobriety was feeling delicate. .This last month or so has been a bit of a mess and I'm still not really used to dealing with life's little problems without just drinking myself into a stupor to forget about them. .I'm glad I'm sober and I'm glad I've got sd to come to when I'm having issues. I don't post loads but reading helps me a lot. .
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here glad you posted and not gonna lie kinda envious of your .... i don't know how to phrase this. .. connection to self? Self awareness? The ability to know that today is wonkie for you &amp; your sobriety is feeling delicate &amp; strong/wise enough pass up something you want to do for the greater good. ..High five
It's been rough for me too. I can't stop hating myself today. I'm trying but I just can't stop the train of thought.
It was a tough day for me too I was plagued by thoughts of loneliness and self-pity. I went to a meeting I was sorely tempted to go to a bar but came home instead and made dinner. I realized recently I'm not really any less lonely going out talking to a bunch of other drunks. It's just a temporary band aid at best. 
I am glad you stayed sober! 
You're smart to listen to yourself. Like another poster asid that takes a lot of self awareness!.
Tough day for me too. Granted I'm still 'new' at this with only a couple weeks under my belt right now but the last several days have been so smooth and tonight suddenly the urge to drink kicked back in. Doesn't help I'm not feeling too confident about myself in other areas of my life right now...Anyway not to go off on a tangent. It just helps to remember I'm not alone with those kinds of days - and neither are you. Not that I want anyone else to struggle with this but at the same time since that will happen anyway it's good to know there are others who understand...Good for you for not going to the concert. I hope things are smoother for you going forward. We know the cravings (or feelings causing them) will pass. I will not drink with you.
I'm right there with you. My sobriety is feeling delicate today as well it's because I've been neglecting it. I'm starting to take it for granted and today when the romantic thoughts of day drinking on a patio surrounded by laughing happy people crept in I started to take them seriously was having a hard time playing the tape forward. Then I mentally started justifying a relapse (oh it's mothers day and I don't have a mom anymore I'm getting older and it's going to be impossible to meet a partner unless I get myself out there I start a new job tomorrow I should celebrate oh look I've lost 40 pounds I should go out and let people SEE the new me...BLAH BLAH BLAH). Seeing your post helps. Thanks. I won't drink with you today.
