-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b15un/had_a_long_think/

I've been thinking an awful lot about where I stand in life lately. This past year has been one hell of a challenging time for me more so than all of the other times in my life combined. ..I'm at a tipping point in life where I really need to figure out some major things about what direction to head in next and it's really kicking my ass...I'm writing now because after flipping through the pages in my mind of the story of the past year of my life I had a bit of a moment of clarity which had its roots in something I thought about in SD all the time when I first started and which I believe I had been beginning to lose sight of...I really struggled with the "higher power" thing both at the beginning of last year when I stopped drinking as well as in previous struggles of mine. I don't believe in God and didn't at the time and so that was one of the hardest direct issues I had with sort of "traditional" AA-oriented thought. Then I read on here an [incredibly helpful message](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/44gfzg/so_i_gave_an_atheist_my_higher_power_last_nighti/) from one of our fellow SDers. In short the message was that ultimately it doesn't matter what our higher power is: it's simply that we have to be willing to turn over our will to anything at all that can help us with the things we aren't able to resolve on our own. ..I've been struggling a lot lately both with urges to drink as well as with a great number of life issues. I've been running through my head all the different things I could be doing better and in the midst of a bit of a crisis this evening something came back to me: I have been taking on WAY too much of this on my own and I've been forgetting to turn this problem over to a higher power; or in other words anything at all that can make my situation better. I simply have to be willing to stop taking all the burden on myself. ..I am not a god nor can I single handedly solve every problem. I am just one dude and it should be totally fine for me to be that dude warts and all. I am under no expectations to be perfect and I need to stop beating myself up for all of the issues going on around in my life both because genuinely I am not to blame for all of them as well as because I cannot -- and likely no one can -- do it all on their own...Just some thoughts I thought i'd try to deposit here if they're of any use as I continue to work through this difficult time. I'll not drink with y'all today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.
Have you considered trying some new things?  ..Perhaps a mental health professional? ..Part of my concept of a higher power is understanding that I need consistent help from others. When I try to shoulder everything on my own I suffer. 
Sorry. Relationship issues are very difficult to sort. Good that you are thinking things through. Wishing you well friend.
Reaching out for help when I could benefit from the assist is something I struggle with a lot. I am fortunate that I have a fairly wide group of people to call on depending on the situation. I keep having to remind myself that..&gt; Many hands make light work..which I have found to be true even when the work is interpersonal stuff. .Thank you for the reminder. My load has been getting heavier over the last few weeks; it's time for me to reach out. ..I will not drink with you today. 
I struggle with the higher power myself. It seems like a really strange stretch and some weird mental gymnastics that I can't quite make myself do. This did make me think though maybe a seed got planted here...perhaps I'll just get myself a super ball!  Great post! Be well my friend     
I can definitely relate to this. For the most part I don't want to be a bother to people. I am grateful to have found SD because I've been a closet alcoholic for over a decade and still can't tell my mother or best friend. .Unfortunately I have had negative experiences trying to get professional help before. I'd end up lying to make them feel like they were helping me and that I was getting better.  I told half-truths and downplayed the severity of my issues out of fear of judgement. Lying only made things harder to the point that I'd give up completely...It can be really hard ask for help. I'm going to try again and hope you can too. Its really hard to carry it all on your own. 
