-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b38ia/wife_and_kids_gone_on_a_trip_finally_able_to_stop/

Hi all ignore the badge it's inaccurate. I've been a heavy drinker (4-10 beers nearly every day) for about 10 years now. I started drinking heavily my last year of university and became a daily drinker while living in Japan for a 2 year stint 7 years ago. I also got married and had two boys. I love my family to death and it's actually the birth of my second son two years ago that pushed me to get healthy and moderate/quit. ..Anyway I tapered off over a year ago and things were going well. I went a few months being completely dry. Then I went back to Japan and wasn't prepared for it and slipped back into old ways with old friends. Since then it's been a struggle of a few days on few days off. For the last 3 months though I went back to daily drinking of a 6-pack a day. ..Two weeks ago my family left for a trip but I couldn't go because of work. Lo and behold after I drank through the remaining beer in my house I was somehow able to resist the urge to go buy more and now I'm over week dry and my cravings while still there are VERY manageable. ..The stress of a 2 year old a loving yet often "nagging" wife to get chores done and the stress that comes with an 8 year old has made my life somewhat stressful and dare I say uncomfortable? I'm seeing that I was drinking in part to sort of numb me to the pressures of being a dad and husband. Washing the dishes and listening to a temper tantrum were easy when half drunk. Not so much vividly "awake."..I love my family and I miss them terribly. I'm worried that when they come back I'm basically going to go off and start drinking to cope with my menial daily duties. Obviously my drinking started before I had a family but it evolved as my life evolved and now I'm worried that once things get back to normal I'm going to go back to being "un-normal" and restart drinking heavily again...How can I prepare for their return? What are some ways that I can avoid the stresses of family life while also dealing with them? Any other advise?
----------immediate responses--------

negative thinking is https://www.anxietybc.com/sites/default/files/Challenging_Negative_Thinking.pdf ..That link was posted in the SD Chat room by one of the bots earlier. We are not really supposed to promote any particular method or ideology  but I like CBT. ..Smart Recovery Online has a whole toolbox full of CBT Tools and for sure they have saved me from killing myself or throttling the now former wife...There are similar tools here. http://www.rebtnetwork.org/whatis.html..But ultimately I had to be honest with myself and say that I liked the effect of alcohol. Allen Carr`s book Stop Drinking Now helped me to see that I drank because I believed that alcohol helped me to cope with depression/stress/anxiety/nagging wife/financial pressure ---- when IN FACT alcohol was helping to CAUSE most of those things...CBT/REBT is a great tool that I use in lots of areas of my life --- but basically I have to face upto the fact that no-one chased me down the road held me down and poured the drink down my throat. I did that to myself...Even though we are not divorced I still love my former wife --- when she gets on my nerves it helps me to write a list of her good points. ..She is a great mother loves to teach wants me to survive and be happy has been left with the entire cost of raising our son has taught him to be independant and confident and strong...That kind of thing...Not sure if that helps. .
I go to meetings and get support
I don't really have much advice for you but I needed to respond.  I also became a heavy drinker/alcoholic when the stress of being a wife husband in your case) and parent became both too stressful and mundane.  I however have never been able to express it as well as you.  So thanks.
