-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b3fq0/i_had_to_reset_about_5_times_but_it_was_soooo/

I never thought I would get passed 2 weeks I just struggled to break the habit and the longing of drinking through boredom loneliness and routine. .60 days ago and enough was enough. I was done with it. I wasn't enjoying the day here and there I would break my run of sober days for. The drinking that I had thought I could never live without was giving me absolutely nothing anymore...I looked at myself and thought its now or never. I can't commit to AA because of having young kids so I knew being on SD and fully committing to the DCI and the supporters on here was my best and only chance to quit...In the last 60 days so much has changed......I am undoubtedly healthier I even drink 2L of water a day and eat 5 a day of fruit and veg (I used to gag at the thought of so much water) Other than cakes I eat none of the takeaway junk food that I used to including Mcdonlads!..I know my kids are happier. My eldest comes into my room to talk to me before going to sleep and it just feels so fantastic not to be drunk/drinking. I actually cried last night after she left because I was just so happy and content...I dont hate myself. LikeI dont completly disgust myself like when I would look at the cans or bottles all over the house every single day or when I would be avoiding eye contact with people while buying cheap crap beers. There is just such a freedom that comes with not being tied to booze in some way every day of life...Life still has its issues but the depression and anxiety that followed me everywhere I went is all but gone. I never for one second figured that the alcohol I was using to deal with these issues was actually making me so much worse...60 days down and I want to make it to 61. I wont be drinking with you guys today. ..Thank you!!
----------immediate responses--------

Yay what a great post --- thank you.
So lovely! This is an especially wonderful reflection for me on Mother's Day (here in the states). I too count sober conversations with my child as one of the best things about not drinking...Things are going well for you socks! I'm so happy for you :))!
Congrats!!! I am SOOOO happy for you that your here celebrating 60 days!!! Your.Inspiring to so many!! ..Happy Mothers Day!! You deserve a great one!!! Enjoy it to the fullest and give your beautiful kids a big Sober hug!!!!
Congrats! That is awesome!
Great work! 60 days is huge! 
Great to hear. I'm still trying to sort out what's really sticking for me and what's just a part of the honeymoon/pink-cloud phase... and trying to prepare myself for it going away. I noticed you said you have an urge to drink even with a routine and routine has been sort of my lifeline at the moment. I'll have to keep in mind that I might get tired of my routine and not let it cause a relapse. Good luck! As a child of alcoholics thank you for working on being sober.
Congrats! Great post!
Congratulations!! 100% agree. Won't drink with you today either!
So great to read this you deserve to be soooo proud of yourself!! :) it's reading stuff like this that helps me through trough days so thank you!
But whatever means necessary. Well done OP!
I'm very happy for you!  How I feel is like now that this is out of the picture I can truly be open and MYSELF with everyone and really put myself out there.  Before it felt like even if I was myself I still had this little secret nobody knew about...they didn't know the "real" me.  I feel so much freer now that I'm not hiding anything.  
Congrats on 60 days my dear friend!!!! I'm so happy and proud of you - this is such a beautiful gift! I admire and applaud your strength and vigilance; for getting up every day coming here to check in and support us giving your children the love and care they deserve and being an AMAZING Mom on this sober Mother's Day!! Your children must be over the moon...so much happiness and so much love in the Socks house today! ;)..I hope you enjoy your 60 day celebration and a fantastic Mother's Day - you deserve it sweetie!! Love you xoxoxo
Congrats man you're nailing it!
This is awesome Socks.  I remember the shame I felt when I couldn't remember conversations with my son and the confusion it created for him.  I am grateful I can be present with him when he needs me (even though he's 1100 miles away).
 Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.  .  James A. Michener..Congrats on 60 days!!!
Focus on today and tomorrow will be a tiny bit better. Here's to not drinking with you today 
    high five really proud of you 
Well done friend read back through your posts and you're doing great x 
Way to go!..I won't drink with you today.  
Great post! Thanks for sharing!
What a beautiful post to read after a long day at work on Mother's Day. I relate to this so much. Thank you for putting it into words &lt;3  I'm not drinking right alongside of you.
Congratulations on your 60 days. Nice milestone and post. I definitely won't drink w you today. 
&gt; Life still has its issues but the depression and anxiety that followed me everywhere I went is all but gone. I never for one second figured that the alcohol I was using to deal with these issues was actually making me so much worse...That's exactly what I found too. I drank largely because I drank...
