-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6b6j6o/we_never_gain_immunity_ive_relapsed_after_3_years/

Yesterday I was 1140 days sober. Today I am starting again. I'm writing this as a cautionary tale to others but also to myself...Life was - and is - good. Since getting sober 3 years ago I've learnt to drive I've started speaking to my family I've been living on my own in a nice flat/apartment I've started studying mathematics at university I've gotten the most amazing girlfriend I'm no longer in debt I found myself my dream job hell it is more than I could have even imagined. These are all things which I considered to be impossible during my long drinking career. I could not see the way out. I was a failure. ..But here's the thing - I got each and every one of these impossible things by stopping drinking and by doing that one day at a time. ..And here's the other thing. Life is great! Actually the most important thing which I've gained is *myself*. I am now a friend to myself...But I let my guard down. And why? Who knows... Nothing went especially badly nothing went especially well. All I know is that I had a craving and I let that craving chip away at me. I let it fester. And it won. I suppose that I was probably arrogant...But you know what? **My alcoholism was there as hard as ever**. It was there waiting for my moment of weakness. It took that first drink and turned it into a full binge. One beer turned into a half litre of vodka. I'm lucky that I was on my own didn't gamble away too much money and didn't get on the phone social media or go and see anyone. *I am lucky*. ..I write this as a cautionary tale and as a commitment to myself. I cannot take that first drink. Not even after three years. This is a disease/affliction/addition which will be with me forever. ..And I commit to this channel. I will be posting my experience and commit to helping others as often as I can - I hope once a day - in order to help us all. ..I feel blessed that there are others who I can share this with who can understand. I am lucky that I have caught this relapse before it got hold of me. ..I choose to call myself an alcoholic because when I take that first drink I have no idea what I'll do or how many more I'll take. I chose to be a recovering alcoholic - and I re-choose that. It's far superior to being an active alcoholic. It's hard sure but it's damn worth it! ..Oh and I must add this. The relapse was NO fun! Being drunk didn't offer me anything except feeling... well I can't really describe it... kind of tired kind of stupid kind of slow. I couldn't concentrate. I was watching videos on YouTube except I really wasn't. I had to keep rewinding them. I didn't enjoy it at-all. *But I needed more*. I was drinking against my will. Alcohol had me. This is not how I want to live. **I am so incredibly pleased to know first hand that recovery is not only possible but so much better than drinking as the alcohol was forcing me to do.**
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting. I'm in awe of your ability to go 3 years. You did it once you can do it again. I'm starting over myself. I won't drink with you today. God bless. 
That amazing 3 years was not wasted; you knew right where to come &amp; what to do when you decided that relapse wasn't the end for you when it comes to your sobriety.   I am proud of you &amp; in admiration of your strength.  You are my sober hero today friend!
I'm with you.  I've seen people with 15 to 20 years or more go back out and it's the same story.   We never recover from our allergic reaction to alcohol.   It will always be with us.   I'm at two years again and I've gotten most of the material stuff back too.  My second to last relapse I overdosed on alcohol and stopped breathing.   The paramedics had to bring me back so I know what's waiting for me should I relapse again.    
This testimony is so imprtant for you and everyone else. I thought that such long time would be sometimes more difficult than a week or two.
Thank you for this post.
Thank you for this very instructive post.  For those like us the compulsion to drink and drink after the first drink apparently never goes away.  I'm thankful that your relapse was brief and that you're back at not drinking! 
Thank you for this. We need posts like this to remind us.
This kind of post really helps me because it helps me to know that I must never let my guard down. Thank you for sharing your experience.
Thank you so much for this. I must stay vigilant and never let my guard down regarding alcohol. ..I will not drink with you today and best wishes to you. 
Small potatoes compared but I had 95 days (my longest stretch) let it slip very recently. I'm back as well I will not drink with you today. Best of luck!
I'm sorry for what you had to endure but I am so appreciative of your sharing.  Kudos for you for getting right back up! 
Sobriety time is overrated.   The main thing is you're back. 
Thanks for posting this. It's good for peeps like me- newly sober- to read. 
Awesome post thank you for sharing this timely lesson.
Thank you...  FTZ!.
Thank you so much for this post!! So important for me to keep in mind and beautifully written &lt;3
Thanks for this.  I've read other experiences like this that remind me that sobriety will always take some work.  ..There are things in life I can do without thinking that others cant.  My career music running carpentry stuff etc... Living my life and occasionally "letting loose" at a big event like a wedding isn't one of them.  Having a few beers over the weekend without the goal of getting trashed and then relaxing for most of the week isn't one of them...Then there is the sorcery of those people who go out for "a beer" with a friend and literally drink one beer.  The drink or two is secondary to the conversation.  ..I'm an alcoholic because I obsess over these things.  Social drinkers don't.  I can never take the first drink.  Not drinking with you tonight.
This is poignant for me. I'm coming up on 3 years sober myself and was considering giving drinking another shot. Thinking maybe I could get a handle on it. ..Although it sucks that you drank and had a bad time I hope it makes you feel better that you've inspired me to stay sober! So thank you! And here's to another 3 years sober (and more)
Are you in AA? Can you please go into more detail about why you relapsed? What was your thought process like immediately preceding the decision to drink?
&gt;  I didn't enjoy it at-all. But I needed more. ..Oh do I understand that. Glad you're back thanks for sharing with us.
Glad you are back not drinking with you today. 
Thank you for posting super respect for you. Not drinking today.
Hey I was you about 8 months ago with over 2 years sober. It took me 3 months of oh I'm getting right back into sobriety speeches and relapses to get my act together again. Congratulations on recommitting and good luck.
good man great story. stay strong bro. 
Good luck friend. I'm a compulsive drinker and I work at two bars. I came across this on r/all and I'm constantly fighting work my own issues. I will keep up with your experience as it's a valuable experience to digest. 
Thanks for this and glad you are taking it in stride. My own story includes having almost one year 4 times and going out!..In my case when I finally worked a program of recovery all the way though I stopped relapsing. ..You have done the readers here (and yourself) a great service in writing this out.                                                                                                                                                                                        
A similar thing happened to me with video games. I quit gaming a few years ago but last year I was bored so I thought about playing a few games with friends. A week later I was back to playing 8-10 hours a day. ..Addiction is hardwired in our brain and it will take a long long while to recover. ..The good thing is it's a lot easier to recommit after a relapse. We notice the patterns we can see why we are quit in the first place and we know what to do to stay clean. ..Good luck buddy.
Your post will help me in times of need. I'm glad you are back here and not out there. I won't drink with you today. 
Congratulations on 3 years and so proud of you for coming back immediately. That is a huge victory in itself. And thanks for posting this I really needed to read this. As somebody already said- you are my sober hero today :) well done! 
There is a lesson here for all of us. You are a hero for catching it straight away. You are stronger than you think. 
Thank you for this.
I'm drinking right now and am loving it.
This was a great post. Thanks for the reminder. I especially liked the part where you said you call yourself an alcoholic because you don't know what will happen after you take that first drink. I am the same way and I appreciate the reminders that I have to stay on guard as well. 
this is exactly how i drank. thank you for sharing your lesson
Sorry but glad you are back. It is tales like yours that helps me remember that I can never ever drink again. I know some folk that had 30 years that relapsed for no good reason besides forgetting that some folk like them and me can never drink even one ever!..For some reason I logged into SD today. Just had a feeling. I know now this was it to remind me. Thanks...
Thank you for sharing 
Thank you for sharing your story! I also relapsed after 3+ years of sobriety. Like you say I thought I had it in the bag. Alcohol proved me wrong. I let my relapse go on for over 7 agonizing months. I'm glad you didn't do that. You still know how to be sober and you will do it. I will keep at it with you!
Welcome back. You're a miracle because many do not make it back. Thank you for your honesty. I need to hear this every day to be reminded that the disease is as alive and well in me as it was the last time I picked up a drink. I won't drink with you today brother. Be well. (Oh...and..."meeting makers make it.")
Thank you for this. It reminds me to never take sobriety for granted. 
Your relapse was unfortunate and it should not happen again but this doesn't change the fact that you were sober for 3 years thats a big victory. This is just a small bump in the road. Your body and your life benefited greatly from those 3 years of sobriety. Here's to 3 more years of sobriety!  I will be sober with you today.
My brother is an alcoholic. He's had a few times of being sober for a short period before caving to his Four Lokos. .."We never gain immunity" is very well said. This is something I wish I could pass this onto my brother the days he was sober. ..He is currently in jail awaiting sentencing for aggregated battery. I am the victim. I will be saying this when the court gives me the opportunity to speak. Thank you.
Man I needed this. ..This is so well written and makes so much sense. 
I wouldn't beat yourself up over one day. As long as you get back on track it's all good.
The Drink Monster never goes away it just waits.....You really helped me today.
Excellent read glad you are headed back in the right direction and you have my support!!
Wow I am glad you shared this story. After three years  I keep reminding myself that it's not 'behind ' me and that the danger is still there. ..Thank you for reminding me to keep awareness of the dangers of the booze. ..Your attitude to your relapse seems great and positive. I have no doubt that you will succeed once again. ..Choose life buddy 
You got drunk ONCE in three years? Please don't beat yourself up over that. Not saying you should keep drinking but 1 time in 3 years is a great record to be proud of!
I am there with you man I went from 1.75 liters of vodka per day went to rehab for a week was clean for a month started again for a month or two went back in then was clean for 1.5 years lost 130ish lbs worked out all the time even got a 6 pack. I am not unfortunately back on the sauce. It started out with just a drink or two a night then now like 8 months later I realized it was a problem again. I gained back like 30lbs and the last 2 nights I tried not to have my normal amount of alcohol before bed and woke up several times to terrible nightmares and full body and also individual appendage convulsions. ..I don't have insurance now as I can't afford it with my fiance having M.S. and she lost her job because of it. I am hoping and trying to ween myself off but its not going so great. ..When I was sober I learned 4 different programming languages started making my own video games was building a turbo car and a custom digital dashboard application using multiple pieces of hardware now... I just go home and play WoW and hate myself. I just hope I can get off of it again.. As you said life was so much better when I was sober.
Thanks for sharing your experience and highlighting an important lesson.
&gt;And if the addict resumes using the substance after a period of abstaining the addiction soon picks up where it left off - or further along...- Robin Barne..Thank you for sharing your story.
congrats on 3 years but no need to reset...you already have a bunch of sober days so mark off the days u drank and continue the soberness as before.
Thank you for sharing this and reminding us all to be vigilant and that alcoholism isn't disappearing. I won't drink with you today. 
I've had this lingering feeling that this is ahead for me. It's so powerful to hear your story. I know if I keep coming back here I'm way ahead and feel a sort of safety net almost. You caught yourself and were so lucky.  Thanks for letting us know. 
I'm sorry for your relapse. You have insight though which many don't. Thanks for reminding us of the pull of addiction. I will not drink with you today. 
thanks for posting this.  It's not good for you but it's good for me to read and reaffirm what i keep telling myself.
Thanks for taking the time to respond.
Thank you for sharing your experience. I've been stopping drinking since 2009. Unfortunately I've not stayed stopped for more than 15 months at a time (twice) but each time I stop I have arrested the progression of my disease (alcoholism). Why would I ever want to pick up again? Baffling; not only to those who love me but to me! However I will continue to not drink today with you. 
&gt; Being drunk didn't offer me anything except feeling... well I can't really describe it... kind of tired kind of stupid kind of slow. I couldn't concentrate...I had a single glass of wine around 100 days sober and this was my same experience. Tasted bad didn't make me feel happy and light like it used to. And even though I hated it I felt myself wanting more an hour later. ..Thank you for posting!
