-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bcie3/hey_im_a_year_old/

This has been both the longest year of my life and the quickest. Sometimes I draw parallels between being sober and being a kid. You are learning life all over again it seems and at the beginning just like when I was a child each day seemed like an eternity. It helped (and still helps) to keep things simple. Just for today I wont drink. Just for today I will move in a positive direction even if it's just one step. I realized I couldn't think myself into right action but I could act myself into right thinking. ..As time went on it started to fly. After 6 months the pieces of that broken mental puzzle had come together I had practice at a new way of living I had become the best version of me. I've continued to become better and have been awakened to a new sober way of living. I have found a way to live comfortably without drinking. ..Although I don't post very much here I get a lot of inspiration out of reading your stories and struggles. I see myself in you. Life is about more than just not drinking. But it's a good start. Thank you and keep it up SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and thank you for the encouragement! I have already started to realize how much easier personal growth is when you're sober. Like you said even if it's just a small step a day it's still more than I'd be doing if I was drinking. 
Very cool. thanks.
Congrats! I definitely relate to learning life all over again. It has been the most difficult the past few months. I'm really getting down to some core issues finally and it's exhausting but worth it. :)
Congrats!!
Great post and wisdom thank you for sharing.
*"I realized I couldn't think myself into right action but I could act myself into right thinking."*  - This is great...Congrats on 1 Whole Year!  That's incredible.   
Congratulations.  I love the image of the broken puzzle coming together; that's really accurate for me too.
Congratulations 
Congrats on your 1 year!!!
