-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bf1k3/almost_two_weeks_feeling_both_good_and_bad/

This place has been a beacon of hope for me even though I don't post all the time (though I have been doing it more in recent weeks/months). I thank you all for the encouragement support vulnerability and reminders that I (we) are not alone...Tonight I'm struggling...I know this is what I need to do for myself and some days I'm really damn glad I'm doing it but the last couple days it's been kinda hard. I have more-than-fleeting thoughts of drinking. Some days I have a lot of energy and feel like my body is restoring itself other days I have a hard time getting out of bed...The biggest problem is crippling self-doubt that I didn't (fully) realize I was covering up with drinking...I'm experiencing what so many others talk about experiencing: realizing that without drinking you don't know how to cope. Things that I would usually drink to cover up are more raw now. Eight-hour workdays are easier to get through because I have more energy (sometimes) but forty-hour work WEEKS are harder because there's not as much sense of a reward and I don't wind down from the stress as well...I'm trying. I really am. I see a counselor. I'm on antabuse and neurontin. I drink La Croix and Sleepytime tea. I try to be gentle with myself. I read all of This Naked Mind. But there's STILL this part of me that just... can't let go. This part of me that feels wound up and empty at the same time...The worst is my lack of confidence. I write and my dream is to publish a series of novels. It's not a passive dream. I have about 400000 words written over 5 books (the last two as of yet unfinished) and the first and second one I've revised several times. I've tested the waters with agents not expecting to get an offer of representation just to get an idea of what I need to do and how much further I have to go...There's this part of me - always has been this part of me - that worries that I'm not only not good enough YET but that I never WILL be good enough that there's something fundamentally wrong with my writing that I don't have what it takes. I feel like I'm kidding myself or that I shouldn't even call myself a writer...Drinking covered up a lot of things. Most of those things I knew I was covering up on some level. But this... I mean I knew I doubted myself sometimes. I knew there was still work to do and that I need to keep improving. But drinking muted those feelings or at least turned the volume way down. Now there's nothing that takes the edge off. I'm overwhelmed with self-doubt and sadness. I feel embarrassed or hopeless at the slightest negative comment even in the form of feedback which is something we all need to get better. ..Logically I KNOW it's irrational but knowing and feeling are two different things and on that front I can't convince myself there's any point at all. I've been writing less and editing less even though I still really REALLY want to do this and I've put so much work into it already... and I think it's because there's this part of me that doesn't think it will pay off anyway...Anyway I went off on a tangent there and I apologize for that. But this is connected to drinking in that I don't know how to cope without it. I was covering up a problem with self-confidence that I knew I had - but I didn't know its severity and that part just hit me like a drunk...The self-consciousness and doubt seems potent enough to be worse for my writing than the drinking was. I don't want to think that way... but sometimes I do...Also I wanted to be healthier. Less calories = healthier and more weight loss which is something I need. Right now that's the biggest thing keeping me on the wagon. Even with that I keep thinking to myself... "I can just eat less food drink again a few nights a week instead of every day and be healthier than I was before I stopped."..I have two problems with that: one I'm pretty sure that's bullshit and doubt if I'd be able to moderate; two that was SUPPOSED to be a big reason to stop drinking but it wasn't supposed to be the only thing keeping me on board. I was supposed to stop drinking so I could focus better on my writing too. It means so much to me. But if not drinking is going to make it even harder to achieve my ambitions than it already was... That's one huge facet of my motivation gone...On a cognitive level I know I really need to not drink. I know that's what's best for me. But on an emotional level sometimes I don't feel like it's worth it...I can't decide if I'm trying to fall off the wagon or trying to stay on. I'm almost at two weeks. Last time I relapsed I was almost at one week. This is progress. But I don't want to use "hey I made progress at least!" as an excuse to relapse again.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I especially liked the part where you called yourself out on your bullshit (your words not mine!). I can relate to so much of what you said. I guess I just keep choosing the difficulty and exhaustion of not drinking over the CRIPPLING SELF-HATRED I felt while I was drinking. It hasn't been easy but jt has been worth it.
I'm sorry you are struggling. Something I know first hand - it gets worse before it gets better but it gets so much better. (Learned that with intense EMDR therapy tbh but it also applies in sobriety for me) &amp; something I heard in a meeting yesterday "irrational fear - it seems like a roaring river 5 miles wide but it's only an inch deep". It helped me with my perspective on things currently and my future both financial &amp; as an artist.... &amp; well a lot of aspects too. Hope you stick around. I'm rooting for yah! &amp; if you happen to stumble I will keep your seat warm while you dust off.
I've found that just as drinking seems to make things better but really makes them worse NOT drinking seems to make things worse but actually makes them better. For example about a month in my long term relationship ended. The pain was intense. I wanted to numb it with alcohol. But not numbing it was what allowed me to actually get through it. I think in the end you're going to be a better writer if you stay sober than you were when you were drinking. You're feeling the self-doubt and all the other emotions really strongly but your writing abilities are actually heightened and you're more alert and able to observe and to grow. 
I can relate with a lot of what you wrote. My most difficult time was between 2-3 weeks. It gets better. I still have ups and downs but the result is net positive if that makes sense. Congrats on your progress so far. Healing takes time and it's not easy. Proud of you for sticking with it. You will continue to reap benefits. 
