-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bgrp8/how_if_at_all_did_you_tell_others_you_were/

My parents definitely know. It's been obvious I just got sneakier as they got more concerned. ..My friends have no idea. I'm afraid if I tell them about it I'll be a party pooper and they won't want to talk to me which is insane because these people love me. I think I just first need to get comfortable with being sober myself and then open up as I feel more comfortable with it. ..Just wondering how anyone else's experiences went so I can feel more comfortable even opening up to someone like my therapist first. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think before I speak: "what do I want to create by sharing this information?"..That leads me to my proper choice...
In general I don't tell people because most of the time the information would not be helpful to them or me...I talk to my closest friend even *before* I decided to stop drinking because I need IRL support and she provides that. ..I have shared my struggles with 3 other people in response to their expressed concerns about their own substance use. In those cases these were/are people that I feel entirely comfortable with being open. Others have made comments about sobriety/substance use and I chose not to share my personal experiences.
Starting out I would say "I'm cutting back" "I'm laying off it" "I'm not feeling well" and "I'm doing this diet where you can't drink alcohol."..Then people noticed that I hadn't drank for a while and asked if I stopped drinking. Then I would say "I stopped for a few weeks and liked how I felt" or "I'm enjoying not having hangovers."..At one point after about six months I just started saying "I don't drink" and if someone asks me if I want a beer I just say "No thanks" without an explanation or excuse. ..You ever see American Psycho? Patrick Bateman doesn't want to have dinner with some people throughout the movie and his secretary keeps asking "What should I tell them?" He looks at her and says "Just say no." ..
If you have a therapist that is a fantastic way to start. Their job is to be non-judgmental and to help find a way forward. I kept it close to the vest at first (my family knew there was no getting away from that) and gradually my self-esteem improved to the point that I'm comfortable sharing with anyone who asks. Many people don't really care however; it was a bit of a shock to find out that people don't think about me nearly as much as I worried about telling them :) 
For some reason that's the one thing I don't have a problem with . I told the girl yesterday that cuts my hair I just came out of detox . lol   . Maybe its therapy for me I don't know . lol
