-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bmxw2/more_interesting_sober_observations/

Hiya SD! I feel like I've been posting in here a lot but full disclosure the SD community is my most frequently visited subreddit honestly. You guys are starting to become my rock...My sober days are ticking on by. I noticed today that not only is my face softer and smoother than it's been in a year or two if practically looks 2 times smaller and less puffy than it had been too and I couldn't be happier...How long does the "pink cloud" usually last in your guys's experience? I know I felt pretty euphoric for the first week after I stopped drinking and then immediately the sadness and alcohol cravings hit like none other which Instruggled with for the rest of the month. That all seems to really be lessening quite a bit and now in week 7 I'm starting to feel way better again. Is this another pink cloud? Or is the alcohol finally out of my lymph nodes or whatever?..Also I was always a voracious eater while I was drinking; just unstoppable. I would eat entire bags of parmesean cheese if I got through everything else (one night I ate an entire pack of salami; I know fucking nasty but I WANTED IT AND I WAS STARRVVINGGGG because booze). Now my appetite has gone entirely in the other direction. I haven't eaten properly all day and am laying in bed trying to go to sleep and ignore my hunger. My appetite is way easier to ignore and I'm having a hard time getting ENOUGH food in my body. Did that happen to any of you? Is this just part of PAWS that everything gets wonky for a while?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes. My appetite has fluctuated for the first 2-3 months so far. I know it's not the healthiest solution but milkshakes helped getting enough calories when I found I wasn't eating at all. It has balanced out; I am in my fourth month...
I ate more when I was drinking too. I no longer had a connection with my body's hunger signals. ..A big part of me getting sober (this time) is that I want to be healthy for the life I have left. So when my body tells me that I am hungry I eat something nourishing. Ignoring my hunger would be counterproductive because that isn't healthy either. Also listening to my body (not ignoring HALT) has helped me deal with cravings immensely. It might make me sound like the most boring person on planet earth but I shat on my body - a living thing - for so long and there just isn't any glamour in doing that anymore. I'm going to take care of my body now and learn to cope healthily with whatever comes my way...So TLDR: Yes. And I don't ignore my body's signals. 
This actually happened to me last night!  I was hungry but I just couldn't be bothered with eating anything.  I had eaten OK all day up until that point.  I'm trying to eat when I'm hungry even if it's just  a little snack.  Congrats on 49 days BTW!
From what I've read this is part of PAWS and the mood swings are totally normal as your brain is trying to stabilize after years of dopamine and hormone disruption due to alcohol.
