-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bph28/my_brain_is_planning_a_relapse_i_feel_like_im_on/

I've been here before I can tell! I'm fantasizing about getting fucked up my list of reasons for not drinking don't seem so important anymore my memories of how miserable I was don't seem that terrible compared to the fun I think I'll have if I start drinking again...I know it's fucked up. I keep trying to play the tape back but the last two days (all of a sudden and WHY? WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?) have been pretty rough and surprising. I have a cruise coming up in August and I am *this close* to calling and adding the booze package..My lizard brain is telling me that unless I get back to the social/boozing scene that I'll be alone for the rest of my life. LIES I was a single drunk..My lizard brain is telling me that getting wasted will be fun and I'll laugh and relax and dance and have sex and enjoy the weather and that I'll find the cure for cancer and win the lottery....Mostly LIES it may be some of those things but it'll also be HANGOVERS DEPRESSION ECONOMIC INSECURITY NO MOTIVATION and everything that goes along with it. My lizard brain just said "so what?"..FUUUUUUUCK. ..I feel better venting. I'm not justifying it there is no "lizard brain" it's all me. I'll keep you posted.
----------immediate responses--------

Vent away! I wonder if the season changing has anything to do with this. I associate summer with drinking more than any other season. Today I made myself my usual greyhound sans vodka (so just grapefruit juice ha!) and threw in some seltzer to jazz it up. It's satisfying that old feeling that I have when I'm on my patio enjoying the sun and breeze.  Hang in there and I'm not drinking with you today!
Glad you're here!..I go to a meeting when these thoughts occur!
Glad you're here!..I go to a meeting when these thoughts occur!
I think when you go on the cruise you will see a bunch of drunk loud fat trashy low-brow types and thank yourself that you aren't one of them. I don't even. Have fun watch the noro virus or whatever can never be too careful around drunks not washing their fucking hands. Gross. :)
