-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6brhmr/lizard_brain_or_shame_or_isolation/

I am on day 4 of not drinking after my last relapse. I've had a very hard time staying sober this past year. LSS on Saturday night my in-laws came over and found me drunk off my a$$ - they're teetotalers...Hubs and I live states away from my family and I really haven't made close friends here. ALL my in-laws are here so my business is everyone's business. My mother-in-law and I have never had a very comfortable relationship. And this time my spouse gave me an ultimatum: get sober and stay sober or get on a bus and go home to my parents. I want my marriage and my husband so I've cold-turkey'd it for now four days while he has worked 12 hour days (except yesterday when he only worked about 8.)..The rest of the time I've just been white knuckling it. Hubs has all my access to funds and I've been at home diverting and distracting and sleeping. Today he was off and reminded me that next week he has a business trip and that I'm supposed to go stay with my in-laws to keep me sober while he's gone. ..I flipped out and had a panic attack that has lasted most of the day. I don't even see how I can look these people in the face that early in my sobriety without it having major repercussions later. It's only two days so I was thinking I'd just stay home maybe hit a meeting or so and destress from detox.  Now it looks like I'm going across town to stay with the same people who saw me last time I was sloppy drunk. ..Hubby says they aren't judging and this is my alcohol brain trying to find a way to relapse (and the number of relapses I've had I can't blame him). I am terrified that yeah I'll stay sober while I'm there and then relapse afterwards. I really really do not know what to do. The other inlaws (sisters brothers) either drink or have a million kids or have already dealt with me tough-love style which is not really working for me right now. ..Advice sobernauts? I'll have about ten days in by then and my brain might feel differently before then but right now my flight reflex is kicking in and I just want to be gone. I told him I'll go because I will (I can't go on the trip with hubs or that would be the option) but I am really concerned about the ramifications. I also understand his concern at leaving me alone. Halp?
----------immediate responses--------

First of all congrats on the four days. That is not easy at all. ..Second of all... I wouldn't be going to stay with anyone to "keep me sober" because I'm a grown ass woman and I don't take kindly to being treated like a child. **But** I would be worried about relapsing if I stayed home alone. I'm sorry I don't have advice on that beyond just hanging out online and trying to keep yourself busy. ..My in-laws are also teetotalers so I feel you on the feeling judged crap. They've never said anything directly to me about my drinking but they looooooove to gossip so I can only imagine. There's no way in hell I'm sitting down to discuss this with any of them especially not while I'm still trying to figure myself out. ..Stay strong. I know it's difficult but it's worth the fight. I wish I had better advice for you but just now that you're feelings are valid! 
I don't really have any advice as such.  But you acknowledged in your post that you might feel differently by the time this trip happens.  Maybe just mentally set the issue aside for a few days and revisit it.  It's kind of an extension of the one day at a time approach.  Meanwhile congratulations on three days and a fast-approaching conclusion to a fourth! 
What normally drives you to drink may I ask? ..What do you normally do with your days? ..If it's boredomI suggest bikram yoga to fill the void. It's addictive but a very healthy addiction. ..Go a minimum of three days in a row to begin and if you have time go every day. ..Take three towels and at least a litre bottle of water. ..It's painful you won't be able to do all of the poses but just stay in the room. ..
Hey I don't know if I have any advice for you just wanted to comment that one of the things that helped me quit drinking the most was being kind to myself. So by extension feeling judged or watched would probably be pretty upsetting for me...I agree with the comment that you are an adult and can do what you think is best but I might be nervous too. What a shame there isn't another place you can go that would help you stay strong with less of that negative vibe hopefully by the time the trip comes you have a clearer picture of what will be most helpful for ya. 
I think on Day 5 (because we're SO clear on Day 5 lol) that part of this issue is that I am over 40 with two sets of parents essentially plus an older sister and brother in law that tend to treat me like a child. I am an eldest child so that doesn't set well with me. I hate being controlled and oftentimes my relapses have come in response to anger at being or feeling controlled. I've got a clean driving record I've never physically hurt anyone while drinking except myself. I need to be sober for ME - not under threat of having my marriage dissolve not under threat of needing a babysitter. I WANT to be sober therefore I will be sober. But I need to know that I am choosing it for myself and not being held hostage to sobriety in order to save my marriage or make other people happy. That's where I came out in my meditation this morning.  ..(And also that hubby's idea of volunteering at the animal shelter is a good one.  I'mma look into that today.) 
Congrats on 4 days and reaching out here! I hate to admit this but we act like children in our addictions. People treat us as kids that need their hands held. My sobriety is lost this past week I was heading for 6 months and got peer pressured by my 24 year old son. I do not blame him  it's me I'm asking what failed me ? I do bet your family means well. And you will gain strength each day!!!!
