-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6bs6a4/relapsed/

Hi everyone.It's not easy to admit but I relapsed last night and a few more times over the course of the past few weeks. ..I left this subreddit alone for a while because I thought I didn't need it anymore. ..But I'm dealing with the mother of all hangovers the second set of bedding I have to throw away from vomit and a whole bunch of embarrassing behaviors that I have to own up to. ..I relapsed because I was lonely and the people around me drink and drug constantly. I was tired of hanging out by myself and feeling like not a part of the group anymore. But after last night I don't care about being in the group. At the end of the day the only person that cares enough about my life is me. ..I'm ready to get back on track and I'm wanting to circle back to r/stopdrinking ..Thanks..EDIT (5/22/17): Thanks for all the love everyone. It means a lot. I'm 4 days no alcohol now and I feel much better. Slow and steady wins the race. One thing I'm going to do this time is stop looking so far ahead. I'm going to not drink today and keep it at that. Rinse and repeat. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're here and you know you want to get right back on track. Everyone makes mistakes and the main thing is you're back!..I've had to stop socialising with some people I really care about mainly because I'm just not ready to be around hard drinking. I know i'd cave in eventually if I'm around it. ..The only person you need to care about your life at the moment is you you're the only one who can help you...Welcome back and good luck!
Happy you're here again. I'm struggling with the same thing about finding people to be around. But you're not alone; it might not be the same thing as in-person people but you're not alone!..I will not drink with you today.
Ugh.  That doesn't sound like a fun relapse.  Well I guess pick yourself up dust yourself off and start not drinking again!  I can totally relate to relapses but sooner or later the abstinence will stick.  Thank you for your post which just sucked the life out of any post-work urge I had to drink!  
Loneliness was one of the reasons why I liked AA meetings. Being with people who understood was comforting. Seeing people staying sober gave me hope that I could do it too. I also got a therapist and went to rehab. I never could have made it without help from others. I hope you get the support you need. It's too hard going it alone. 
Hey man the date counts are alright and all but as a lifestyle choice fuck counting. Yeah you slipped up but step back on the right track and keep riding don't beat yourself up. 
I see you have made the most important realization that the only one that is going to save your ass is you.  We all have the instinct inside us not to die tap into that and then change everything.  We'll all be right here to help. But it can only be you that does it.
You might benefit from surrounding yourself with different people. I know that may not be possible or desirable but think about joining a group where drinking or drugging is not the norm
Welcome back!
Extra support is my goal against relapse. I wish you all the best.
I'm glad that you are back. You know from the past that you are able to achieve sobriety. Good job on not giving up!
That's one of the best parts about SD - we're always here. Waiting to welcome you back with open arms you're home :).
Welcome back!  You can do this.
I know this very well may not work for you but when the urge comes I take off running; pump some weights; stretch the limbs. While doing so feel the body improving. The endorphins help to trigger positive decisions. 
So glad you're back. I admire your strength and resolve. There is power and beauty in the return..
Welcome back. The great thing about this group is that there's always someone around in times of loneliness. 
What all are you going to do differently this time?
Relapse sucks. It never has to happen again. Welcome home!
It happens. The last time I relapsed it was because I was lonely. I tried to hide it and it just got worse. What matters is you are here now and I will not drink with you today. 
I've only ever relapsed for one reason--I wanted to be drunk. ..That is it. That is the one and that is the only reason. ..It took me thousands of failures over more than a decade to figure that out. Which is too bad because I never made a lick of progress worth mentioning until I did. But that's another story...Welcome back. [ ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhzzAUaOzsk)
Welcome back.  I will not drink with you today.  
Welcome back buddy.
I can relate
It happens seems to be a common part of the journey.  You get overconfident leave your disiplined support group and end up relapsing.  Next time will be better next time you will be able to hold up.  
Welcome back! I have lost many "friends" since my drinking days and it's definitely not worth going back. We're all here for you. 
[removed]
Must suck to have to reset back to day 0 go for it buddy!
I've recently found my way back here after also relapsing at a couple of months. Can totally empathise with your description of what happened. Good work on coming back and I won't drink with you today. 
Been there. I've relapsed probably 5 times. What helps me now is to tell myself it only causes me to become depressed and isn't "fun" at all. Especially when you realize you're the only one trying to get shit faced when the normal people are just casually drinking a little. For me now I'm doing so well because anyone who drinks for "fun" is someone I will not hangout with. Also surrounded myself with a better job and better people. Meaning people who have fun without that shit. It's so hard tho I know to get out of that mind set where you think you can do it occasionally which always is a no. Lol... Because the second you start drinking again it is soooo hard to stop. Goodluck to you on your journey! I hope this made sense I'm half asleep. 
I'm currently drunk so you can take this advice with caution but at the end of the day if you want change in life you just have to make it happen. You're done drinking so tell yourself that over and over. Drinking is bad and you don't do that anymore. Whenever you get the urge remember your relapse and how shitty it felt to relapse and how much more you want to be sober because of it. I know it sounds super basic but at the end of the day if you don't want to drink then all you have to do is not drink. Whatever "negative" effects you might feel while sober and having the urge to drink do not outweigh that of alcohol dependence. Stay strong brother you'll make it through this. I believe in you
I feel like you and I could write a book about it. The hangover the loneliness the "friends". You can lean on me the same way I lean on all of these wonderful people. As they say...  "you are not alone".
Welcome back. Sorry to hear you slipped up but on the bright side feeling like shit is a good motivator. One day at a time my friend
Welcome home. I will not drink with you today..
Aw sorry for ya mate; i'm proud of you that you work so hard with this and stay so strong and that you pull yourself together after relapsing. ..I really honestly wish you find better circumstances so the process of letting go will be easier! Right now you're doing the grinding. The grinding of countering your old habits. That's tough work. It's supposed to suck. But eventually it will be easier bro. .Stay strong!.
Glad you came back!  For what its worth I never really got it into my head it had to stop until I relapsed.  I played all the games (moderation "how about I take a few months off" and finally "what could it hurt" when friends from college visited) and it all registers as part of my "story" now...Some small advice: Start with checking in here every day make it like brushing your teeth.  I don't lurk as much as I used to but I make sure to at least check in.  Somehow it helps me remember that during time when my heads upside down during this other probably have or are currently experiencing the same thing...Just a thought.
Glad you came back - I will not drink with you today.
Sometimes the pain and shame are what it takes to motivate us to stop. I hope this was a final straw for you. Have you thought about joining a gym learning a musical instrument going to church learning a new hobby traveling painting etc? I found that Being alone was bad for me so I stay busy. I am constantly sore from working out everyday but I realized that God didn't make me to be a drunk. I now force myself to have long conversations with my friends and family too which has enriched my relationships. The richest we will ever be is rich in relationships and it is interesting that alcohol oftentimes ruins that. How are you going to stay busy? 
I'm sorry you relapsed. Welcome back. All you can do is move forward from here. We're all with you.
Many of us have relapsed it is part of the recovery process unfortunately.  It is good to see that you now know that making your mental and physical health is a priority.  Stay strong. 
I relapse because I'm an alcoholic and that part of my brain is fucked up.  All the 'reasons' are just justifications. ..Why is that important for me?  Because I have to know that I'm at risk even if I avoid or 'fix' the things I pretended led me to relapse.  Because I'll find new reasons or no reason at all...Stay vigilant !
Being lonely is one of the toughest feelings. I can relate. Glad to hear you are getting back on track. .
Relapsing sucks. I almost had two years and then I relapsed hence my 100 days. I think I grew complacent in my sobriety. So I'm stepping it up a notch. Or two. It was really hard to admit but I'm really glad that I told people including people here. It helped me recommit to my sobriety. I commend your courage for posting and getting back up on that horse!
Find a new group. Welcome back. 
I find so much wisdom in the formula "Dry people dry places". I learned to drink amongst other people. It's normal I also learned to stop with other people. Obviously not the same ones though... This SR is great place to hang in.
I've relapsed so many freaking times and SD has *always* welcomed me back.  This is a nice subreddit.
