-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6c107a/86_days_feeling_great/

Hello again SD! Thought I'd share a little about my experience up to now..After a little more than 2 years of bouncing in and out of AA half-heartedly trying to stay sober and relapsing repeatedly I finally surrendered completely to the realization that I can not now or ever drink like "normal" people. To be honest even though I had repeatedly admitted that I was an alcoholic I hadn't truly found the willingness to *accept* it..I believe this time is different because I finally found that willingness...Days 1- 10 or so were great I was riding that pink cloud of brand-new sobriety. ..Days 11-30 got steadily worse with serious cravings and the little voice in my head telling me to drink dozens of times a day...Days 31-50ish were touch and go; the cravings seemed slightly less intense for the most part but I came very close to slipping a number of times and felt very shaky...Some time around that point things started to smooth out considerably and I began seeing real progress in a whole bunch of areas: the weight I'd been trying to lose started coming off my mood was getting better daily and my head really started to clear for the first time in many years...And I can honestly say that things just keep getting better. The cravings still come but now seem ridiculous and less threatening. It's almost like I'm watching them happen to someone else. I find that I can laugh them off now and am *so* grateful for that...Thanks for reading if you made it this far. I will not drink with you all today..
----------immediate responses--------

Days 11-30 got steadily worse with serious cravings and the little voice in my head telling me to drink dozens of times a day...This.....o man the dozens of time a day is literal torture.  So glad that is over.
[removed]
It's great to read this! I'm on Day 41 and your timeline sounds very similar to mine (pink cloud cravings). It's good to hear that it leveled out a bit. Congrats on the great work and I won't drink with you today!
