-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6c9khy/my_friend_an_alcoholic_killed_himself/

I've posted a few times about my struggles with alcohol. I've come to a really great understanding of how alcohol influences my life and how little it does to make it better. I still have alcohol in very limited quantities occasionally but it isn't to satiate the hands trying to grasp onto something to make coping with life easier it's just to enjoy. My badge reset is the last time I had a negative experience with alcohol though I may reset my badge to the last time I drank to help cope which was the 10th of May at Andy's wake....Andy was my friend and I met him through work five years ago. He was 22 I was 21. I also met some really great guys who were also Andy's friends at that time; Chuck a mentor to all of us and our manager and Adam another leader and the man who would act as my wife and I's officiant at our wedding. Through the five years we knew each other we made a "core group" of guys that would all hang out together. We all still do even though I moved on to another career in 2016. I have made some of the best friends I will ever make from that job and I'm very thankful. In Andy's suicide note he said this group of guys were his best friends....Two weeks before Andy died on the 5th I asked him to hang out just the two of us. When we worked very closely together in 2012 and 2013 we would frequently end up drunk at each other's apartments and crash. They were great times at the time. Sad to think about now. He would drink five or six Natty Daddy's and get so drunk he couldn't function. He'd fall over and pass out on his couch or bed. In response to me asking to hang out he didn't say yes but at nearly midnight he did send me a text a drunken response and inside joke we had. That's the last I had talked to him....I got a call from Adam at around 4PM on May 5th. It woke me up - I work nights and usually sleep until 4:30PM. He was crying his eyes out and all he could get out was "Andy's gone." I knew what that meant. I knew Andy killed himself. I squeezed the bridge of my nose and let my chin sink down to my chest. I couldn't really process what was going on. I really still can't though day by day it's sinking in....Andy had gotten really drunk last 4th of July. We had a party we all got trashed. His family situation was bad. His mom had done something bad to his dad and his dad was going to make the two hour drive on 4th of July to crash at Andy's. Andy couldn't drive home he was worried how he was going to take care of his dad and in a moment of openness and anger he said he was better off if he just shot himself with his 9mm. I sat him down and told him he had a lot of friends that loved him and would miss him if he ever did anything like that. I was drunk and I can't remember if I told him to get help but I know I told him we all loved him and he should talk to me more. He clammed up we didn't talk about it again. I talked to Adam a month later after stewing over it I said we should have an intervention for him. He agreed but we never did. I think mutual fear of realities and broaching the topic with Andy scared us. We let it slide. Life got tough for me Adam has a lot on his plate. Andy seemed to be OK besides the drinking. But that was normal everyone at this job drank. Everyone. It was almost a requirement to have a DUI to be in management....A month before his death Andy hung out with my best friend another mutual coworker Tony. Tony is an alcoholic too. I'm glad to say he's really wanting to quit now. He told me tonight. But I guess Andy mentioned killing himself then too. Tony talked him down but I don't know what happened. I heard a little about this but I didn't speak up. Andy wasn't emotional he hated being touched he would say something like "I'm not a fag" if you asked him to open up. He hated asking for help he hated anyone thinking he was weak. So I didn't talk to him about it after I heard that....Hindsight is 20/20. There were so many signs. He in his own way asked for help by bringing this shit up. We didn't act. We didn't intervene. I didn't intervene. There are so many shoulda coulda woulda scenarios. I feel awful. Adam and tony feel awful. I've cried a lot....Andy took his 9mm and shot himself. He wrote a letter detailing why. He said he didn't want help he didn't want the pills the therapy whatever. He wanted to die and there was nothing anyone could do to stop him. His anxiety his anger his depression and the alcohol all contributed to his death in major ways but nobody will broach the drinking topic. Everyone seems to think it's okay that he drank until he passed out every single day of his life that I knew him. His liver was failing and his Doctor said he'd be dead soon if he didn't stop drinking. It hurts me to know that my friend felt so helpless and alone that he felt he had to kill himself. It hurts me to know that I didn't do more. I know that regardless of what I did I couldn't stop Andy from killing himself. I couldn't force him to get help but I could have done a lot more than I did. I regret it. I regret the fact that everyone who showed up to his wake drank in his honor and all the stories about Andy involved him drinking. I regret the fact that nobody really seemed to know the real Andy. Even I feel like I didn't get to know the real Andy because all I knew was drunk Andy....The funeral home was not prepared for how many people showed up. Even though Andy could be a drunk angry person... we all loved him. I wish he could have seen the amount of love we all shared for him. I wish we would have expressed it more....I needed to share this. I needed to get this off my chest. Andy was a good person an incredibly hard worker and always held integrity first. He was too drunk to realize how much he had to live for. I want everyone here to know that they have so much to live for. There are so many people that love you and all we want is to see you sober and happy. I wish Andy would have stopped drinking long enough to realize that. But he didn't. And he's gone....Please learn from my mistake. If you see any of the signs of suicide from someone (https://afsp.org/about-suicide/risk-factors-and-warning-signs/) talk to them. Make sure they're okay. Don't let your loved ones slip away. Don't assume it will be okay and that they're not serious. And just as important reach out if you need help yourself. /r/stopdrinking is here for you as well as your family and friends....Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry for ur loss 
So sorry to hear about Andy's passing it's so sad that he did not seek out help. Please know this is not your fault. I've been through this with a family member and it is a horrible horrible gut wrenching experience. I wish you peace.
I'm sorry for your loss. You did what you could and it's great of you to post suicide awareness info in this post. You might be helping a lot of people with your story.
I'm so sorry..Stay strong. Xoxo
Thank you for sharing your grief. This is a very nice tribute to your friend. I will not drink with you today.
I am really really sorry about your friend. Please try not to be so hard on yourself - it sounds like you did as much as you could. You tried to get to open up and get help - he wouldn't.  Like you said - you cant stop someone from killing themselves. You and you friend did more than most people would have done.  Please try to not beat yourself up on this - it will take time though.  .  ..A friend of mine died from alcoholism last year - she was in her early thirties and had a young child.  She went into rehab but just couldn't stop drinking.  And at the funeral people were talking about all the 'funny' things she did whilst she was drunk!!! arghhhhhh. They were also drinking at her funeral and toasting her memory. Arghhhhhhhhh. If they really wanted to honour her memory - they should not have drunk ANYTHING.  And those 'funny' stories (all involving drink) are not very 'funny' at all when you put it into the context of how she died. ..Your (and mine) stories are not unique in this community - sadly -. Keep coming back here there is some great support here :)..... The very same thing happened to a friend of mine last year. 
Sorry for your loss. 
I am so sorry for your loss. The could've would've should'ves will plague you if you allow them. I found his article helpful a while ago. Trained professionals have difficulty diagnosing and treating and predicting who will commit suicide.  I have had friends who talk about suicide constantly who take no action and ones who say nothing and do.  It is painful and awful for everyone left behind like passing the grief the deceased lived with on to all who loved him. Take care of yourself. That is the best thing you can do now to honor your friend's memory. I am guessing he would not want you suffering because of this. ..http://harvardmagazine.com/2017/03/foreseeing-self-harm... As psychology became the domain of empirical research clinicians came to rely on factors correlated with suicide like depression poor impulse control or substance abuse to determine whether a patient was at risk. But a recent review of several hundred studies of suicidal thoughts and behaviors during the last 50 years co-authored by Nock and a team of fellow scholars in the Psychological Bulletin finds that risk factors have been virtually no better than random guesses at predicting suicide.
Thanks for sharing man. It really shed some insight on me.
I am so so sorry I know this pain all too well. In 2015 one of my best friends (who also happened to be my cousin and like a big sister growing up) took her life. She was so young in her very early thirties. She had been planning  to enter inpatient rehab later that week for alcoholism but she swallowed a bunch of pills along with her Svedka. I remember so clearly when she called me that night she had just gotten out of a 72 hour psychiatric hold. I wanted so badly to go spend the night with her because I had this awful feeling in the pit of my gut but I was too drunk to drive to her house. Not a day goes by that I don't regret not going. I recognize that I hold far too much guilt I think most of us who've lost someone to suicide is wont to do. I don't have any advice for you only my own story. You are not alone. 
This was gut wrenching to read...Bless ya dude....really regardless you were a great friend.  Hopefully Andy's story will save someone.  Take care man.
Hey StrikersRed thanks for sharing this and I'm so sorry for what you are going through. I've had this happen with a few friends and I especially identify with the thought that you should have known and could have stopped it. I often think about the last time I saw one of my friends the immense sadness I saw in his eyes and the fact that I didn't do anything about it because I was kind of irritated with him...It's not your fault of course. I'm glad you recognize that. Depression lies just like alcoholism and the two of them together really do a number on the brain. Your friend was in the grip of some powerful forces...Please get yourself some support a little counseling session something like that. It sounds like you have the right attitude but it's worth it to take the time and dig in to what's happening...Thanks again for sharing this. It's important.
Sorry for your loss man. Thank you for sharing 
I am so sorry for your loss.  I sit here weeping as I remember my best friend who committed suicide.  Suicides a bitch.  It was 8 years ago. We were roommates for 3 years many years ago.  He didn't drink.  He always said he didn't want to be an old man.  We had a pact when we lived together if one of us had a horrible accident and was paralyzed to do me the favor of slipping me a mickey in the hospital.  The worst thing was he called me and we were talking and he said in a high pitched joking voice "I'm going to kill myself honey"  I said you are not :(  Come on don't kid me like that!  The guy was a huge success but probably having some financial issues.  I hope your friend Andy is RIP.
That's a rough read you have my thoughts man. :(
I'm sorry. 
Having lost an alcoholic friend to suicide last year I still mourn her even though we weren't in close touch at the time. My last message to her (I was in a period of fairly long sobriety for me) was that alcohol did not have to kill her. ..She died in a hotel room having drunk a handle and taken all her medications. She too had organ failure. Just days before she had been discharged from long term care. I don't know where she got the money for the booze - probably stole it from her sister. She left a mother a stepfather a sister and two nieces - and three children and two grandchildren of her own (she started young okay). ..I did not react well to her death and soon found myself in a year-long relapse with a month or three of sober periods. My anger and grief surprised me. I am hopeful that for you clarity will ease the pain rather than my "if you can't beat em join em" approach. I hope that you will be gentle with yourself. I'm so terribly sorry.
I am so very sorry for the loss of your friend. You tried to help him the best that you could. It's truth that you cannot stop someone intent upon killing themselves. I wish you peace in the coming days and years. Be kind to yourself and try to remember the joyful times you had with your friend Andy. By continuing on with your journey. You are helping others and yourself and keeping his memory alive.  Good luck. 
Rip
Thanks for sharing StrikersRed. It took a lot of courage to get this off your chest and lay your emotions out there. The part about Andy not asking for help real and being too proud to open up about his problems really struck a nerve. All too often we build up all these negative ideas about how people are going to react if we open up and expose our problems. We think we're going to be mocked laughed at or derided as weak. But I see time and time again how people are shocked when they finally do seek help and receive all the outpouring of love and support even from total strangers.  I'm sending some of that love and support your way my friend. If not for the darkness we would never move toward the light. If not for death we would never know the wonders of living. God bless!
I am so so so sorry. I've lost several friends and family members to suicide. That loss cuts particularly deep because you always wish you could have made them see what you see--how important they are how loved they are. ..I hope you're taking care of yourself right now. So so much love and warmth to you and yours. 
The alcohol did not help in this at all but I would venture to guess his mental health issues were his biggest demons. Him not opening up put him in an ever enclosing box in a sense suffocating him. I'd guess the alcohol gave him the courage and took away his inhibitions so he could act on those demons. You tried. I am so sorry for your loss and for Andy too. I can only hope he is finally at peace. I've been at the door and even taken the step over. But I'm still here. At least for now. And I will not drink with you or Andy today.
I have been thinking about suicide a lot lately.  I can't seem to shake this drinking problem and I just keep messing up my life. Sometimes I feel I would be worth more dead. Thank you for sharing this story! I needed to hear this today. 
My cousin didn't leave a note. I tried to stay sober for him at first but I couldn't deal with it at all and I got sooo much worse. I am sorry for your loss I wish I would have read something like this back then I wish he would have read something like this back then. ..Actually I remember there being too many ppl to fit in the church at his funeral... I remember tailgating in the parking lot of the church after words... and then going to to grandma's with all my family everyone just drinking in honor or drinking away the pain.... I wanted to stay with my family but I had a bf at the time who didn't wanna be there so drunk me just left.... the last time I saw my cousin was at Christmas we were two peas in a pod at one point - kinda the screw up of our own small families always late always getting into something but we worked really hard &amp; proved them all wrong went to college together got scholarships to do it we were kicking ass but we were screwing up still..... that Christmas he was late..... like hours and hours late I stayed long enough to give him a hug and then had to leave (same bf who didn't want to stay uugghhh I am such a push over when drunk). I hated that he gave up I hated that he didn't reach out I hated that he abandoned me - but I know he felt the world crashing down and abandoned in his own way. I went to therapy for other reasons and he came up here and there but I think this is something that is effecting me &amp; I need to work on. I was sober for 6 months and during that I did the OutTheOfDarkness walk in his honor - first time I have done it since he passed. Always wanted to but was drunk instead. Sorry for the word vomit. It is a off day. I miss that damn ginger...Sorry for your loss &amp; I hope your links help those in need. &lt;3
Suicide is heavy shit. I hope I never have to deal with it and I'm sorry you did. It has to take the wind right out from under your wings when someone you care for so much takes their life because they don't think they mean anything to anyone. It's tough losing someone that close to you and i'm sorry you had to experience and endure this. ..I'll be thinking of you and I'll be thinking of Andy tonight and I will not drink tonight. Thanks for sharing your story.
sad to hear
I'm so sorry. I live in constant fear of this with a friend who is like a brother to me who I've talked down and stayed up with so many times over the years that I have lost count. I can't imagine how it would destroy me and I can't fully appreciate your loss. But I hope you can move past it and realize none of this is on you. Sometimes you just can't do anything. 
First off I'm terribly sorry for your loss. .This really moved me because a friend of mine just took his own life this past Wednesday. The guy was one of my two best friends through high school until we had a falling out the year after we graduated. (We're 23 now) Just a couple months ago he messaged me on twitter apologizing for what had happened in the past. I accepted his apology but responded with something along the lines of "I accept your apology and have nothing but love for you but at the same time too much time has passed for it to ever be the same." I can't help but feel really guilty. I feel like that was his way of reaching out and I somewhat shut him down. I'm sorry to be rambling I just want people to know that it's ok to get help. Suicide is never the answer. You do matter to somebody even if you don't know it. .Again my condolences OP. Stay strong. 
I'm so sorry for the loss of your friend. ..I wish people would recognize the signs earlier or that people were taught them as they grow up. I've been suicidal before and not a single human I knew could tell or knew what to do or made any effort to attempt to help. I have also lost people where I couldn't see the signs myself. ..There is always that "I wish I could have done something" or the woulda coulda shouldas as you said. ...
I am really sorry such a terrible thing occurred and feel saddened for the loss of your friend Andy. I cannot begin to say that I understand what that phone call must have felt like or the sense of loss that you and your friends felt. What I can say is a deeply appreciate your courage to share this story with all of us and your honesty and love for your friend...So thank you and today I will not drink with you. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. :(..
I'm really sorry for your loss. I've lost people close to me one who was as close as anyone I've ever met and it's fucking horrible and I've never truly got over it even 5 years on. ..And I hate to sound like an asshole but I'd be careful trying to justify your choice to continue drinking. 'I'm just drinking for enjoyment' is one of the oldest and most pernicious traps in any alcoholics book. You've posted several times about your own brutal struggles with alcohol and I'm pretty shocked and concerned you feel drinking 'for enjoyment' is in any way the same as living sober...Sorry bro. This comment will probably be downvoted to hell and maybe even removed. But someone's gotta say it. Man you kidding yourself that it's okay for alcoholics like us to keep drinking if it's 'only for enjoyment'. You'll no doubt find out for yourself how dangerous that belief is soon enough if you haven't already.
[removed]
My husband's cousin committed suicide on the 12th... it's hard man. 
As a survivor of suicide in sobriety I highly recommend seeking help in dealing with these emotions. You made a positive first step in posting here I just urge you to consider doing more. &lt;3
