-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ce5cr/i_remember_coming_here_the_day_this_photo_was/

[Before & After](http://imgur.com/a/k9XEL)..It's been a while since I've been here but I remember so clearly waking up in bed that morning with my face (and my pride) beaten in feeling hopeless alone scared sad depressed -- you name it. I wanted to share a bit of my story because I hope it will help you (and selfishly it will help me too)...That first picture was taken during my final year of university (aged 21). I was a daily drinker a binge drinker a buy a bottle of whisky at noon drinker a cocaine user an ecstacy user ketamine pills blah blah blah. I abused anything I could to get high (that meant doing drugs at work sniffing crushed up pills in my university library) and of course drinking until I blacked out at least 3 or 4x a week (the rest of the nights I'd still be drinking of course). ..Here's the crazy thing. I tried to get sober after that first picture was taken -- the night before I was rushed to hospital in an ambulance ran away when they wouldn't give me pain killers (note: if you want a hospital to give you drugs don't scream at the top of your lungs and fight them for it) and nearly got run over by a car when I decided to stumble across a highway at 3am. I think I stayed sober for 6 months and then went back out on Halloween 2015. ..Upon relapsing I stayed out drinking for another 6 months or so (bouncing in and out of AA). By this time I was working in London and I had decided that I wasn't really an alcoholic or a drug addict I'd just liked to party a lot at university so I could definitely control it now (classic alcoholic thinking). After all I had a job a steady paycheck and a nice apartment. Long story short it got so much worse... sleepless nights coming into the office hungover still high or drunk. Every morning I felt like I was going to pass out have a seizure or just straight up give out and die on the tube to work. Not fun...One day six months later (April 17 2016) I woke up from a blackout. I looked around my room -- it was dark I couldn't tell if it was night or morning. My room stank of piss. My bed was disgusting. There were clothes all over the floor. I hadn't showered in 4 days. I hadn't showed up for work in 3. I checked my bank balance and I'd spent over 2000 pounds on drugs and booze meaning I had about 200 pounds ($300) to live on for the next 3 weeks. I got on my knees and started crying. I put my hands up and kept saying "I have a problem I need help. I have a problem I need help."..I have to remember this experience because at the moment I've drifted away from AA and the program that has kept me sober (this works for me not pushing it on anyone else). For the past month I've become the center of the universe again. I'm full of fear anger and resentment. I'm scared about life. For an alcoholic like me I have to continually work a program of recovery. Otherwise there's only one outcome (and trust me it's not good!!). ..But aside from my recent struggles I wanted to say this... if you have 2 months 30 days 1 week or even 1 hour sober you're a winner. I was sitting exactly where many of you are now. Scared alone broken. I didn't believe I could get sober. But I could. Life gets soooooooo much better. I can't even describe it all but here's a brief summary. I've been promoted (at 23) to run the entire US operations for a British-based digital marketing agency. I've lived in 3 countries since being sober. I've saved money and gone on two amazing holidays - one to Turkey and one to the Caribbean. I've fallen in love with the most beautiful amazing girl. I've talked to and helped other alcoholics. I've showered and brushed my teeth every day. I do my laundry now (so yes I can wear clean clothes!). ..As I write this I'm watching the sun set over the horizon dipping behind a stunning landscape of blue-stained mountains. It's such a joy to be sober and recently it's something I've taken extremely for granted. Sobriety is a precious gift and we have to nurture it and take care of it. If you think you have a problem with alcohol or if you know you have a problem with alcohol I just want you to know that you can stay sober. If I can do it you can do it...So don't give up. Life is far too beautiful to throw it all away. ..One day at a time we do recover. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing your wonderful story and thank you for the pictures. You look like an very nice person; I am so happy for your success.
Wow!  Congratulations!  You are an inspiration!  You look beautiful and present and alive.  All the best.
You look happy and healthy. Keep doing the work! Thanks for sharing.
Man you are killin' it!  Keep up the great work.  It's paying off.  
Wonderful! Such inspiration.
Man you said it so well. Love how you're thinking. I'm in the same boat. ..It really is a blessing sobriety. ..Kick ass. 
Hey this made me feel better today thank you 
Sobriety is a precious gift and we have to nurture it and take care of it. I like this a lot! Thank you for sharing your story
Touching story. Great words of encouragement. And good for you and everyone else out there battling this battle. I agree wholeheartedly with the sentiment that ANY time sober is a beautiful time and only gets better. Thanks so much for sharing : )
Amazing you are such an inspiration and a beautiful person. 
Congrats you look good man 
Damn man you look so healthy in that second pic congrats on your sobriety...I'm  really early on in my recovery and it helps a ton reading the posts on this sub but so many details of your story hit close to home for me in a way that other accounts often don't. Thanka for the inspiration to stay clean.
Thank you for being an inspiration! Stay strong my brothers and sisters! 
What a wonderful inspiring story you have.  Thanks for posting it.  
Wow you look so vibrant. Thanks for giving me hope tonight. 
What an amazing transformation! You are the bomb!......I really needed to read your share. I'm sober yes but lately it's been a hell of a struggle. Life is throwing me all kinds of shit curve balls. I can barely keep up only because I am sober. But there's still the temptation.....I raise my diet soda to you. Sober on;-)..
Thanks for sharing and congrats
Thanks!
Awesome work mate. An inspiration and you look so very well!
Very inspiring story. You look good
You're looking amazingly healthier lol. Good stuff :) 
Much love brother. Keep up the reat work.
So awesome! Keep it up! 
Thank you for sharing your story you are an inspiration to all of us x
Amazing. Great job man. I'm almost a week sober now this is great encouragement!
I can't believe anyone could brush their teeth everyday for over a year ! Congratulations.
Thats nuts man well done!
Wow you just look like a totally different person - and it sounds like you are. Congratulations on all your hard work x
woah I remember that picture too. You look great man. Thats awesome to see. Always helps me to remember that other people besides myself knew they had a problem at a young age. Keep killing it.
You know what else is far too beautiful to throw it all away? This post so I'm bookmarking it! Congrats and keep at it! I'll join you in not drinking today!
Thanks for posting this. It's always encouraging to see people in recovery at a younger age... It shows there's nothing wrong with being young and sober! It's doable!   congrats on your new role that's fucking cool at 23 - enjoy the success x
Anyone else think he looks like Shia Labeouf in the first pic?..Thanks for sharing your story its just what I needed to read today to give me the kick up the arse to get back on the waggon. Cheers mate. 
You are amazing. Thank you.
Beautiful story.  Thanks for sharing dude!
Wow! Thank you for this... your struggles sound just like me. I LIVED to drink I LIVED to eat pills I LIVED to just be outta my mind. 54 days here and the alcohol has been pretty easy to forget. The pills and other has been a struggle still sober but sill at the forefront of my mind constantly. Hope it goes away. But either way I will stay sober. Thank you for your share and congrats! 
Inspiring story glad you pulled it together.....Continued success to you
So happy for you! Thank you for posting your story with us. I will not drink with you today!
Big impact looking at those 2 photos. Thanks for the encouragement.
I needed to hear this today! Thank you! And keep fighting   
Thanks for reiterating the fact that sobriety isn't something you get to keep without constantly  working on it. ..That's a hard lesson I had to learn by going through a terrible relapse but that's just how my story was meant to be. Now I have a healthy fear of knowing exactly what happens if I ever think *I have this* again. ..I've also been struggling with my connection to AA lately. It's in my nature to want to take control and fix issues using the knowledge I've gained throughout my life so when AA sends me messages like "how dare you think for yourself" I feel like pulling away. ..Deep down I know the program has no other motive than to help me but I find myself asking "at what cost?" and "how much of myself am I willing to give up." It's not that I don't value my sobriety over everything thing else in my life but I often question whether or not going *all in* on AA is the only way to get there. ..Ok end rant. You're looking great and I'm so happy to hear life is treating you well. Thanks for sharing!!...
Well don I won't drink with you today!.
I can't say enough how much I love this!! You look fantastic and sound like you are doing amazing. Recovery looks good on your my friend - KCB!!..[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Sober living is good stuff isn't it? :)  Congrats on all of your success. 
You've got me teary eyed on the train! I'm so proud of you. You've truly inspired me with this post.
Congrat on your recovery! you look very charming in your recent picture!  keep up the good work!  one day at a time mate!..
Thank you brother! You brought tears to my eyes with your story. 
You did help someone else today thank you.
It always crushes me to hear stories like this. I'm so happy you're doing better now!
So inspiring! Thank you so much
Thank you for sharing this. i really needed to remember where i came from and you just reminded me. I wont drink with you today..
Thank you for sharing this and so proud of you;  when I looked at the pictures I had a fully body jolt running through me; just can't believe the difference.  I appreciate your words of encouragement.  They really spoke to me so thank you!
Well done mate. Very motivating stay strong!
Wow you look terrific! Very inspiring :)
Dude you look 10000x better congrats!!!
Thank you for sharing this just what I needed to read! Congratulations on 399 days!
Thanks for sharing. I appreciate your efforts and help in reminding me and others why we are doing this.
Great Post!
I remember your previously published after photo from Turkey. Good luck in your new job role. Keep on keeping on.  
God I needed to hear this. Havent slept in 36 hours but at least I didn't drink tonight.
I'm struggling on Day 2. I needed to hear this. Thank you and congrats!
Chupacabras to the south
