-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6chq5n/relapse_prevention/

I realized that our relationships to anyone (including to ourselves and our sobriety) are very fragile things. I think of mine as a delicate glass bubble that I need to handle with care. ..Something I learned recently from SUD treatment literature is that there are keys times in recovery when the likelihood of relapse spikes: 7 days 30 days 6 months and 12-14 months. ..I hit the 6 month mark yesterday. There was a large part of me that was tired of sobriety. My mental health issues are still a daily struggle I miss being able to celebrate like my friends life can be excruciating without a way to numb out the list goes on. ..Instead of falling back into the bottle at a party yesterday I took my dog on a long run. I read posts here. I looked over miserable journal entries from my past when I was deep in my use. ..What I realized is that there is no reality on the pink cloud. Life is tough but it is so much richer for me with a clear head and unburdened heart. ..I didn't drink yesterday and I won't drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for six months!    ..Without a therapist and support group I never would have made it. I'm impressed with the actions you took to fight off the urge to drink.
6 months is amazing! I am on day 4 and doing okay. I know I can make it through the rest of today as well as day 5 and day 6 but on day 7 I have an event to go to - a college alumni baseball game with a big group of my college friends. We partied together then and we still party together now. In fact what led me to finally stop drinking was being out with one of my closest college friends last week. We went to an industry party - fancy over the top open bar great wine food etc. The drinks just kept flowing. My friend drank as much as I did we parted ways and I stopped and bought a six pack on the way home and had another beer or two before going to bed and getting up early to get my daughter up and off to school. I felt like crap all day. Both physically and emotionally. I wish I didn't like to drink so much. I love celebrating with friends too. if I could limit it to that I'd probably be okay but it is all the drinking at home and after the party is over for everyone else and it goes on another drink or two for me. It sucks. I'm sorry to not be a better morale boost for you but I so understand where you are coming from. For me I really don't want to be that person anymore. I'd like to break the dependency. I have no idea what will happen at the alumni event. Part of me thinks I should not go. Another part says tell them all ahead of time that I won't be drinking so that I feel more pressure to stand by my word then to drink with the group. Another part says to take a night off sobriety and control myself. It's hard. ..I too am liking my clear head. My heart is still burdened because I don't know if I can do this. Your 182 days to my 4 is proof of your conviction. I think you should be really proud of yourself. I hope you are.
This is really interesting. I have always found 30 days to be nearly impossible to get over--I usually rationalize as I'm coming up to my 30 days why I can start to moderate now although clearly that doesn't end well because here I am. Tomorrow will be a week and today was a really tough day. I will try to remember these milestones so that I am prepared for them.
Thanks for that especially as I am in the 12-14 month bracket now. I certainly felt no inclination to try moderation after a year so I hope that is the cause of the spike.
"There is no reality on the pink cloud". Thanks OP  I needed to be reminded of this. I'm at 6 months currently having a tough time...Your post makes sense.
