-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cjimu/im_an_alcoholic_whos_103_days_sober_unfortunately/

I'm about to turn 33 years old. For the past 15 years I found every answer I thought I needed in the bottom of a bottle of Jameson. If I didn't have a full bottle going in to a night of drinking I was worried I wouldn't have enough to get properly blackout drunk...I started barbacking in bars around 20 years old. I've done it all bartending and for the past couple years assistant and general management. It made it so easy to tell myself I wasn't an alcoholic that it was just part of the job. "Research" is what I would tell myself. All these samples that breweries or distilleries would bring in was just me doing my due diligence for quality control. And I'd constantly make other concessions to myself... "Well I just spent 12 hours serving all these drunken assholes why shouldn't I deserve a drink or two now?" But it was never just a drink or two. It always started off that way and a bottle of Jameson later it was 3pm the next day and I'm waking up having no idea how I made it from the couch to my bed. Do the panicked "check to see who I called/texted" last night so I'd know who I'd have to apologize to. Cancel any plans I had that day because "I wasn't feeling well all of the sudden". If I could tell you how many times I flaked on plans because I was "sick" which more often than not I would just take my medicine with a whiskey and a beer figure hair of the dog right? I can't feel worse so why not ease the pain a little...I started being stupid. Careless. Taking a little bit of this trying a little bit of that mixing some shit I shouldn't have all because when I was blackout drunk I thought I was impervious. ..I should've died. I didn't but I should've. And I woke up that day looking at the mess of bottles and packages and wrappers laying around me curled on the floor of my bathroom soaked in sweat and decided right then and there that I wanted to live. I destroyed all the booze I had an decided I wanted another shot at life...Today today I have 103 days sober. For me it's hard still to grasp that that's possible. I used to have a hard time going 3 days without a drink let alone 103. Unfortunately though for my career up until this point I've chosen to work in a bar. I thought at first when I got sober I could handle it. Until I couldn't. I was getting anxious panicking worried about going in to work and making myself physically and emotionally sick. So I talked to the bosses I was running the bar I was working at at the time and asked them if I could step down. I thought the solution was less hours and less being there I could still make a couple bucks and maybe feel less stressed. So I gave them about a month to find and train a replacement and I went from 5-7 days a week at 50-80 hours a week scaling back to 2-3 days like 12-20 hours a week. It was a relief at first. And then the anxiety started again. I would have 4 days off and then the day that I had to go back to work I would wake up and fall apart. Dreading the hours I would have to walk through those doors and my world my career revolved around the very thing that was trying to destroy me...So last night I gave my notice. I told them I couldn't be around booze anymore that I had to choose my own health my own well-being over a job and at this point a family I had come to love. Over the past 10+ years I have spent grooming myself learning the ins and outs of the bar business craft beer brewing selling pouring and everything else that comes with it. And not to pat myself on the back too hard but I was damn good at it. And I never brought my bullshit in to work. I suffered alone behind closed doors where I could just drown in a bottle...Well now at almost 33 years old I'm leaping out with faith instead of fear. I have just recently finished a short web development course while also taking a bunch of online courses. I've built two websites one which was ok the other I'm a bit proud of. So I'm going to start looking for internships hopefully in that field just to get my foot in the door. I've always excelled at anything I've put my mind to so I'm hoping by some divine cosmic power that something affords me the opportunity for this career course correction. I'm honestly terrified I have enough funds in my bank account to last me maybe two months before I start to struggle having pissed most of it away on booze and whatever else. I'm scared to start over to have to figure out what to do with my life that doesn't involve the very thing I've spent the past decade trying to be the best at. But what I do know and this is what I'm holding on to is that my soul feels better. That for me I know this is the right choice because I'm choosing sobriety over certainty because in that bar environment I'm only one stupid decision one weak lapse of judgement away from it all falling apart again. ..So while I'm terrified I'm also confident in myself. I know that I'm a better person sober than I ever was drunk. I've repaired some relationships that I thought I had destroyed and have built a really strong network of support and friends who are in my corner. My family has been incredibly helpful and while it feels like starting over this time it feels like I'm doing so with a cleaner slate. One that's not dripping in alcohol. ..So I'm sorry for the wall of text if you've made it this far but I just wanted to share this because I'm scared. I have no idea what I'm going to do for money but I'm sending my resume out to anyone and everyone that will give it a look. I'm willing to take whatever comes to me grunt work doing image gallery layouts mopping floors somewhere but whatever it is I'm going to be doing it sober so I have faith that karma will help guide me to being a better person the person I've spent the last 15 years drowning in the bottom of a bottle until he was barely there..So thank you for reading this and know that while putting down that last drink is tough and that's the first of many battles you'll have to face that if you really want it you can overcome this disease. I know I'm still in the pink cloud in my infancy of sobriety but everything is one day at a time. I'm not worried about where I'll be a year from now I'm not even worried about tomorrow I'm just worried about today. And today today I'm not going to drink. And when I lay my head down on that pillow tonight and drift off to sleep I'll do so knowing I conquered this demon again. Came out the victor in today's battle and that that that's a battle I plan to keep fighting and keep winning...Thanks for reading and if you need help while I'm still newly sober by all accounts I'm here for anyone that wants to talk or just bullshit with an internet stranger. We all need help sometimes I'll gladly offer what I can. Thank you....**EDIT:** Thanks to everyone for the tremendous amount of support you all have shown me on this post. I cannot express my gratitude enough. While I did this for me because I knew it was what I needed every little bit of support that you all show bolsters my resolve and makes me stronger in this fight. Not only that but it gives me confidence in my future that things are going to be all right...And most importantly to the others commenting that they're either just starting out their journey with sobriety or are well in to it just know that for us much support as I've been shown here by complete strangers all of these people are rooting for you just the same. And I'm sure that in your own personal life you'll find just as many if not more people who will gladly get in your corner in order to help you beat this motherfucker of a disease. And you're going to be alright. ..So again I can't say it enough but thank you all so very much from the bottom to the top of my heart. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have 3 days sober. You've just made me cry. And more determined. 
Hey dude are you good with a wrench and can push flightcases? If you're based in North America check out to see if you have an IATSE Local near you. They always need grunts for big load in/outs and usually pay pretty well.
I too am newly sober. Life is good now. Have you considered teaching or counseling? There's something about your struggle that will resonate with many people. 
WoW! Talk about self-care! I'm so inspired by your story. Thank you!.I'm so proud of you!.
If the search for a new job ends up taking longer than you're prepared for you could look into working for a substance abuse treatment center in the meantime...They pretty much all have positions supervising patients and such where you'd be qualified solely from your experience being an alcoholic. Just a thought
Good for you!  I've found a real purpose in my life over the past few months. I work for myself at the moment I'm single so no major financial headaches.  But I've started to do a lot of online courses you can find some great ones for around  10/ 20.  Now I don't know if they are as good as courses for  1000 but I know they are probably 90% as good as them for 1% of the price...It's a brilliant feeling knowing I will wake up rested tomorrow morning and ready to get cracking on them again.  Like sobriety I'm doing these courses for me no one else.  I'm the one that will benefit in the long run...My aim is to be able to work remotely and to continue never having another boss...My first aim used to be always not to drink but now thankfully that is a bit more automatic.  My latest obsession is training myself and building my businesses rather than obsessing about drinking or which for me was actually worse obsessing about not drinking...Will pm you a link to the courses as I'm not sure of the posting guidelines...Good luck!
So very impressed! I know you will land on your feet. Sending positive vibes your way in terms of finding a satisfying job. You deserve it!!
[removed]
I'm a similar age (31) and began bartending in my early 20s too. I can't say for certain that it put me on this path but it certainly normalized my drinking and deterred me from realizing I had a problem for a long time. I still miss bartending but I left the industry a few years ago. My drinking actually got worse being away from it so I hope you are more successful than I was. I wish you luck with your new career path in any case. I'm not sure when sobriety gets easier but I hope eventually it will become as normal not to drink as it used to be to end my day with a nightcap (or several).
Your post makes me happy. I'm not drinking with you and I can't wait to see sobriety give awesome things to you. :) 
WOW! You are SO strong! I'm so inspired.
Dude I'm on day 2895 and you just told my story. I was 33 and couldn't do it anymore. Had worked in bars for 12 years in great towns. Burned every single bridge. At 33 I got sober haven't had a drink since. A fellowship of likeminded people and spiritual principles saved my life. I'm now 41 working again in restaurants. I was just hired as a GM and my family and I are moving 1000 miles to start over. I'm grateful for the opportunity. My 2 daughters have never seen me drunk or high. If I can help you at all message me. I'm happy to just listen. Good luck man. I know exactly how you feel. 
Thank you for being an inspiration to me :) Let's stay strong brother.
I was 5yrs in may. For you and all the others with not much time I does get easier. You're doing the right thing getting away from the bars tho. I know it's scary jumping without a net but the alternative is much worse. Hang in there and you can find support in every town to help you. If you live in Austin TX message me and I can have you a good job tomorrow. Stay strong. 
I once quit for 5 weeks and I started again.  Today is the end of 5 days and I'm feeling good.  I still have left over beer and tequila from a party last week.  It doesn't bother me but it was suggested that I get rid of it by a lovely member here on SD.  I can't remember who it was but I'm going to look them up and thank them.  I don't know why I hadn't done it yet but their suggestion and your post tonight has convinced me to do it.  Thank you for your inspiring post.  I wish you the best and I just know that you are going to find what you are searching for.  Your strength spreads across us like ripples in water.  Thank you thank you thank you!!!
Hey I'm really impressed by your courage and strength. Don't doubt you can do this. If you haven't already done this I would recommend finding a web dev or general tech related meet up near you. It'll be easier to get an internship through that than by spamming indeed postings. Best of luck!
I'm so proud of you!
You should be so proud of yourself. What an inspiration you will be to others!
Awesome I have had to do the career restart before...it takes work but I believe you can do it in the name of Mother Dark.
I would never be able to stay sober working around alcohol.  In fact when I got sober it took me 18 months just to walk down the liquor aisle at Walmart or go to the sports bar for trivia night with my colleagues...Good for you man.  Stay strong.
good on ya man!!!.i was an alcoholic butcher and got sober and became vegan. so i quit my career i that shitty trade for 2 reasons the drinking culture that goes and and the meat. i started over. I'm 34 and left new zealand and moved to sydney and got any jib going started washing dishes getting payed more than as a qualified butcher back in NZ. a year later I'm a cook at the same place getting payed more sure its not glamorous but i made the switch up and now I'm getting cash together to do some evening classes. only was it up bro! good luck and get some PMA (positive mental attitude)..
Get a real job!
Good looking out for yourself.  Wishing you the best in your new career pursuits. Rooting for you.  
Man this sounds like me. I bartended and served nearly right out of high school while going to college and took a break for a few years after that. Then I took up another gig while also working a professional job. But alcohol always played a prominent role in my life. ..And then one day the buzz you're searching for disappears no matter how many drinks you have. Furthermore you're pretty much laid-up for the entire weekend while you cope with what has become a multi-day hangover. ..I haven't drank in just about three weeks. Longest I can remember since high school. But I feel pretty damn good!..Also OP you can setup a free Box folder that gives you around 10-GB of storage if you want to build a portfolio. GitHub can also work. Either way including links and a cover letter will increase your odds in the job hunt...Good luck! 
keep it up bud.i wont drink with you today!
Thanks for a unique and fascinating read.  I always looked at bartenders as being the adults in the room and never really considered what happened to them after close.  Very best wishes to you on your recovery.
I realized a few months ago when I was doing a month sober that my job was making the process even harder to get through. I just turned 33 and have been a server/bartender for 12 years. It's amazing how that industry normalizes drinking all the time and drinking to excess. When I'd quit before people at my work were basically like "what? Why would you quit DRINKING?!" Even though I only did a month of sobriety then it was really important for me to step outside that bubble and examine my life with a clear head. I made the decision to go back to college for a graphic design degree and starting the end of June I'm going to school full time and cutting back to working two days a week. I'm very excited to pursue a career I'm interested in and be on my way out of the service industry that in itself makes me more motivated to stay sober. ..Thanks for sharing your story I've often wondered about sober people in our line of work it doesn't seem like there's a lot of us maybe for good reason. ;) I think it's great you're stepping into the unknown and switching up your career that takes a lot of courage! Let us know how it goes!  
Leaving my bar job was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I couldn't continue to stay sober in that environment. And my sanity was more important than my financial security. I wish you the best of luck and I know you won't regret this. 
I've seen another post in SD about brewers transitioning jobs/ staying on their field that you might be interested in. You can probably search SD for it:)
Saw a lot of me in this--we can do this. No more panicking about what texts we sent :)
Good on you mate!  I will say that the anxiety does go away after time but there are still moments where I think just 1 couldn't hurt because of XYZ reason. But I am quick to tell Pedro to shut the hell up. .. (Pedro being the alki-voice in my head telling me that it's ok to drink.  He's an arse)..But I had to walk away from things too that would trigger my addiction.  Mainly work events where it was all the booze you could drink on the company dime.  Also where most of the networking at my company happens as well.....But I too choose a different path.  I am still with the same company but moved to a different division that is FAR different than the one I was in.  Much more laid back.  And things seem to just be working...karma as you say.  But I notice that things that would normally set me off don't and it's easier to just let it go.  ..Best thing I could do to stop a relapse is what you are doing changing your view.  Not only inward but your surroundings as well.  Yeah it's scary as f**K.  but as my tattoo on my arm says.. "Fear is a choice."  And the rest of the line goes.... "It's the little lie the devil tells you that you aren't good enough."..I refuse to fear the future.  It's unwritten so why worry?  Just focus on not drinking and being better today. it's all us broken alki's can do...Proud on ya for making it past 100 days.  That was the toughest part for me.  Long as you got a good support system (which it sounds like you do) it does get easier from here..
Thanks for sharing so honestly.. I will not drink with you today.
