-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cld8q/does_someone_ever_stop_becoming_a_recovering/

I've heard the phrase "recovering alcoholic" many times before and I'm just curious can/does anyone feel like they move on to the next step (as a full "recovered alcoholic" for lack of better words). We're all human and I know many people have relapses after a number of years. It just sounds scary that the terminology makes it seem like a life long affliction like the rest of my life will be a middle ground of progession. 
----------immediate responses--------

You do not get rid of addiction so I would say you are always recovering. .Think of it like any other disease take diabetes for example (completely unrelated but same concept) .You don't "recover" from diabetes you just do things so that it does not effect you as much or at all. 
I think it depends on a host of factors specific to a given individual including (i) how "alcoholic" they are (the term is often used in a binary way but there are clearly degrees); (ii) on a related issue how much and how long they drank; (iii) their genetic and epigenetic composition; (iv) their psychological resilience; and (v) environmental factors.  In my case I doubt I'll ever stop being "recovering" because I am quite! an alcoholic who binge-drank copious quantities for over two decades I come from a family prone to alcoholism I could get psychologically addicted to just about anything and I live in a culture in which I am inundated in alcohol!  You may be different... Best wishes MM. 
[removed]
The thing I try to remember is that it's a drug. It's also a drug that is a poster boy for having fun perpetuated by the drinks industry (which is bullshit as we all know)..You don't get a recovering heroin addict that can in a few years pop down the local park and just get one hit for old times sake...There also isn't a stigma attached to not doing heroin (what do you mean you don't do heroin anymore?  ...you mean...never?)..It's an extreme example perhaps but what I'm trying to do with myself is remember it's not quite my fault. I've been addicted to a drug for 20 years. ..The day we choose to stop is the day we take our lives back into our own hands. .."I don't do drugs anymore" is easier on the soul than "I'm a recovering alcoholic". ..Hope that helps a bit?  
It's not an affliction or a disease if I dont consume alcohol...I have Alcohol Use Disorder- AUD.  If I *Use Alcohol* I have *Disorder* in my life.  If I don't I don't!..A poor analogy is that similar to a peanut allergy if I don't consume peanuts I'm fine!..I'm not "recovering" from anything...I'm living a full active and vibrant life.  I dont want nor need any alcohol.
I used to smoke. I gave it up and do not want a cigarette. I do not consider myself a "recovering smoker!" I used to drink. I gave it up and do not want a drink. Same thing! It really doesn't matter what we call ourselves we don't have to call ourselves anything. When the waitress asks what I would like to drink I order an ice tea. I took out the trash cans this morning and enjoyed the new morning without my head pounding and gasping for breath. This is a new life; welcome to it!
I don't announce myself as a "recovering alcoholic" in fact it has been used at me as a belittlement. When that happened I just said I don't drink but please don't you feel threatened about that...That said when I think of myself I realize I just can never ever drink again. I know this for a fact from other times when I thought "well just one" and went spectacularly off the rails...So I think of myself as someone who just can' drink as long as I don't drink I am done with booze. So in that sense I am "recovered". But if I drink anything I will start up again so in that sense I am "recovering". ..I am an addict to booze who dips into SD from time to time to remind myself of that fact and to help me stay the hell away from it. Otherwise I don't think much about labels...Best wishes...
Recovery is a process - growing up learning to live happily - overcoming new challenges (without reverting to past behavior) - though some use  the term recovered to mean their compulsion to drink is past.  I don't because although I have not wanted a drink in many years I know that my inner addict is still there though dormant at the moment...Not an affliction - any more.  My life is good but I have to be careful a diabetic should not hang out in donut shops I do have a severe nut allergy so I stay away from them too... ..I have seen people relapse -  and for them it becomes an affliction again.  Coming here going to AA meetings 'keeps it green' for me.
It's personal preference. ..I personally will always call myself "recovering" because at any moment I could relapse. It's conscious work to stay in recovery for me...But some people can and do choose to say they are a recovered or former alcoholic. ..Semantics. :P 
