-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cls71/i_did_it/

I'm sorry I've been flooding SD lately the past few weeks have been challenging. Let's go over my NDV's that I am so proud of!..1. Visited family <1 week prior to flying internationally. This is family I almost stayed drunk 24/7 to deal with in past visits. Did not drink and was not tempted..2. Traveled to India for work - where I was 6 months ago and drank as much as I could. Went out to SO many fancy restaurants with delicious sounding cocktails. Did not drink...3. Traveled to Paris for pleasure by myself - I couldn't imagine spending time on a vacation and not drinking but I did it! Some days were hard see previous posts.....4. Spent god knows how many hours in airports planes places where I spent A LOT of time drinking before. Nope none for me. Sparkling water coffee tea gingerale some fancy fresh juice. Anything but booze...5. 50 consecutive days! 93/94 total days since I decided I needed to change my life...Thanks so much to this sub and my apologies for tooting my own horn but damn! I am so incredibly proud of myself. 4 years ago I suffered from such bad panic attacks I was nearly agoraphobic. I could NEVER imagine back then that I'd be capable of what I am now. ..To anyone still struggling either with anxiety/panic disorder or alcohol abuse/addiction there is hope things do get better. Ever think to yourself how good your life could be if only you did or stopped doing something specific? DO (OR DON'T DO) THAT THING even if it's terrifying. I have known for YEARS my life could be better without alcohol I am just happy I figured it out sooner than later...Much love you guys! No amount of thanks is enough for all of your positivity.
----------immediate responses--------

The hardest thing being sober has been looking back on all those wasted years. ..However the BEST thing is the future and what I'm going to do with all this time! WOoooooo!!..Great great work dude. Choose life!
This post and your NDV are ace thank you for sharing and congratulations!! Keep it up we got this
Really really love this post. I've only recently come to realise that anxiety and stress has been leading me to drink badly and nearly two weeks on I'm amazed at how much calmer I feel. It's a Monday morning in London I'm on the tube I have no hangover no anxiety and I am feeling ready to make this a brilliant week. ..Where you mention no drinking on holidays and at airports I know this will be really hard because it's literally part of the DNA so such things for me. But one day at a time. ..Well done to you!! 
Congrats on your victories! Glad to hear you made it through India and Paris without drinking. ..Your comment about your experience traveling was immeasirably helpful for me last week. A sober fist bump to you my friend. I'm heading off to Italy tomorrow. Will be keeping your words in my mind. Again way to go!
Congrats on your victories! Glad to hear you made it through India and Paris without drinking. ..Your comment about your experience traveling was immeasirably helpful for me last week. A sober fist bump to you my friend. I'm heading off to Italy tomorrow. Will be keeping your words in my mind. Again way to go!
I've been patiently awaiting this post Kalamity! Congratulations on 50 days!!! I'm glad that you summed up those beautiful NDV's doesn't it feel amazing when you write them out?! Look what you've accomplished!! YOU'RE a Victory!!..I'm so happy and proud for you - have an amazing day and enjoy! &lt;3
Simply awesome!  Your journey is absolutely inspiring to someone like me who is new to all of this and is still trying to figure out how I'm going to navigate with this new world order!  
What a great post!.Toot away!..I am hoping to go on holiday one day too! Sober I mean....Went on a cruise last year but do not remember any of it!.
