-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cswo3/day_7_and_struggles/

Today is day 7 clean. I have been struggling with depression cravings PTSD flashbacks and suicidal thourghts...I have also been having using dreams ( they seem so real!). ..I am really worried about a few friends of mine who i havent herd from in awhile. Last i herd one of them his oragans were failing and the other is also a recovering alcoholic/addict who was also keeping my updated on my friend. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Mate ONE FREAKIN' WEEK!!!!!! WAHOO..Very proud of you bud..You may be able to seek professional help with your PTSD issues in time so you will hopefully be able to manage them better..But as for your friends I am sorry. The best thing you can do is stay sober yourself and set a good example for them. .&lt;3
Congratulations on 7 days. I'm not drinking with you today and sending you best wishes:-)
You did it!!! Congrats on a WEEK Kolya! ..I struggled with those feelings like depression and cravings too; the way I looked at it was - hey I drank uncontrollably and dangerously for 20+ years - this stuff is gonna take some time. As an alcoholic I don't have a lot of patience; however I had to find other activities seek counseling and change my lifestyle to cope with those feelings. Every day gets a little better! ..I've been keeping up with your posts and I'm so glad that you're here sharing this journey with us! Keep 'em coming and hang in there :).
Congratulations on 1 week! It looks like I'm right there with ya! I can definitely sympathize with a bit of what you're feeling. I just had a dream last night where I knew in the dream it was morning before work but there were these cups of mixed drinks on my desk and I was very inclined to have them but was able to tell myself that it's been much better going to work sober. I'd say a strange improvement over a dream a couple nights ago where I did drink and felt terrible about it that I had let everyone down and was a bad person for not even staying stopped a few days...And I'm getting cravings and idk if it's depression but I feel lonely quite often. For the cravings I've just been getting back into exercising which helps clear my mind. What I also need to do is when I have a craving remind myself why I've stopped and come on here and see why other people have stopped. I think my loneliness I have to work on though. I have plenty of friends at work and outside of it. But for whatever reason they seem almost superficial. I think it's more of an ego thing where I have to be everyone's best friend and they should be talking to me all the time. Idk what I'm rambling about but I think I needed to this morning...But hey! Congratulations on the one week! I definitely feel like it's a great achievement. I won't be drinking with you today.
It seems like a major milestone has been reached a week of facing whatever live has thrown at you You are still dealing with it sober. I; not drinking with you but I'm on the path with you. Good luck.
