-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ctwb0/dealing_with_self_pity_in_recovery/

Hey all..So I am nearing 5 months clean from drugs and 1 from alcohol. Had a 2 day pity fueled bender. I'm in a 3qtr house now moved in after relapse April 20 and deal with a lot of self pity. You see I'm a 26 year old who up until 24 was very successful in life while hiding my addictions. Professionally socially etc. I was a serious bodybuilder but have had 5 shoulder surgeries in 2 years and have dwindled to a twig and deal with a lot of image and victimization issues. I'm 6'6" and going from 240 to 200 doesn't look so great...There is a strong chance if I heal up this time I'll be alright but it involves a 1 year recovery and I'm 2 months out of my last surgery. Sometimes I feel so different and unique that I want to scream and quit. I'm actually handling it quite well right now but I would appreciate suggestions...Just for the record my addiction spiraled to 10x the strength after my injury...Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

Man I hear you on the self-pity. Even though I know logically that it's a negative emotion it rules me often...I'm starting over again today so I'm no expert but let's both acknowledge the self pity for today call it out by name then make a healthy choice...Clearly you've accomplished a lot in your recovery. Give yourself credit for that and keep moving forward!
First off congrats on your 5/1 months that's fantastic...Second and this is of course only my opinion - acknowledging abuse/trauma/injustice/disappointment is perfectly okay and very often needed in moving forward. ..There is however a line and self-pity whilst appealing is really destructive. I applaud your honesty in identifying it. You got dealt a bad hand at a shitty time as do many of us at some point. ..Keep looking forward not back.
I can tell you that from about 14 through 25 I was prone to terrible depression.  From the outside it looked like a lot of different things - anger self-pity laziness obsession etc...I guess all I'm saying is that people want to find reasons or blame for the feelings they have when it's honestly just wonky brain chemistry that can be easily adjusted.  I wish I hadn't spent a decade thinking I was just a failure as a person.
I feel like in early sobriety I had to give up the appearance of being healthy in order to actually become healthy. In my case I gained some weight and had to let go of my tough persona. Now I've lost that weight and I'm hoping that honesty and vulnerability continue to serve me better than the masks I wore before. 
