-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cuait/ive_been_struggling_with_drinking_for_six_years/

So this is my very first post I'm sorry if the formatting is weird and if this is a bit long . I wanna give an overview of how bad the drinking has been throughout the years so everyone can get a full understanding on my situation . I'm going to start at the very beginning and work my way up to where I am now with the drinking . I will also give some information that could be useful so I'm sorry if it maybe seems unnecessary ....I started drinking when I was 13 years old . Although it wasn't the first substance I ever abused . I started doing pills when I was 12 and continued to until I was 15 . I started drinking because I never had tried it before and my mom and her boyfriend left bottles of vodka around my house . I decided one morning I'd drink an entire bottle  to myself . I don't remember anything from that day but that I ended up with alcohol poisoning  I was arrested at school  and I got sent to a mental hospital . That was the first time I had ever drank and it has been that bad since . Once I started I never stopped . I hung around an older crowd because they would drink and they could always buy me what I needed . I would drink before school  after school  at school wherever you name it . If you saw me I was either high or drunk . I would skip school and hang around liquor stores  I met bums and older guys that would buy me what I needed . I would run off for days at a time  sleep with older guys  party all the time  wake up not even knowing where I was or who I was with . I was arrested plenty of times  was on probation  and in and out of juvie . Now I never had a limit when I was drinking like when I first started . I drank and drank until there was nothing left and even then I would want more . I drank until I would blackout almost every time . I would be taken home by cops drunk all the time  or even taken home by my friends . ...When I was 15 I had a seizure  broke my jaw  and split my chin open due to an overdose on pills . I mention that because I managed to kick that pill habit all on my own but I never stopped the drinking . I should also mention I was in rehab which I did complete but I don't think that did anything . I was also on probation for two years and have seen many therapists and counselors . When I was 15 I also developed a meth addiction which I also managed to get rid of myself which I also wanted to mention . ...When I was 16 is when I started to realize my drinking was pretty bad I never really acknowledged it before because of everything else going on in my life . I started meeting guys and people online so I could party and drink with them . At that point I had been enrolled in 4 different schools and I never stuck around the same people nonetheless people my age . I was always hanging around older people so I could always drink . I would go out as much as I could every week just so I could drink . When I came home i pretty much was just a depressed mess that slept all day until it was time to go out and drink again which was the only happiness my life had . During this time I met a guy who helped me improve a lot of things in my life but who also ruined some of it . He saw I definitely had problems and he was willing to help which initially made me so happy . He helped me get back into and focused on school  he showed me how to truly be happy and enjoy life again  and he also managed to repair the broken ties with my family which helped so much . I was happy and in everyone's eyes I seemed to be doing so much better than how I was . Well this guy had problems of his own and slowly became very controlling . I quickly found myself moved in with him and under his thumb . He was a heavy drinker as well and also a big fan of cocaine which up until then I had never tried before . Well we started drinking a lot  just as bad as I was before i met him . He turned 21 and we were drinking almost every night and he introduced me to cocaine which we were also doing very often . We would wake up at his friends houses after parties completely hungover  coming down  and wanting more . All the drinking and drugs completely shut down any hope I had that I thought I was getting better . We started fighting to the point where he started abusing me really bad . We would be drinking at a bar start fighting and he would just up and leave me stranded . He would do this at his place  at my home  at parties  and anywhere really . He choked me often even in public at times . He would push me around his friends and anywhere really . We would party together and I would wake up not wanting to anymore but he'd just give me more drugs and drinks to keep me going . Basically the guy i thought was helping me get better just pushed me so far back down I didn't know what to do . ... I was 17 now still with him and worse than ever before . The drinking had gotten worse  the abuse followed  and I couldn't take it anymore . I was drinking heavily by myself one night and I decided I had enough  I tried to OD on pills . If I wasn't as drunk as I was I know I wouldn't have done it . Well I obviously didn't die  instead I gave myself kidney failure . Yes my drinking caused me to want to kill myself and instead of that my kidneys started shutting down . I waited a week before I went into the hospital and by that time I was in such horrible pain I couldn't take it . Nobody knew what caused my kidneys to start failing but me . I kept it to myself . I was in the hospital for a couple weeks getting shot up with morphine every couple hours because of my drunken decision . Eventually I made a full recovery but because of that drunken decision I now have to have lifelong kidney monitoring . The doctors I saw all couldn't figure out why that happened because I kept it to myself . ...I was 17 still with the same guy and feeling better after what had happened . I got my first job in a pharmacy and everyone thought I was doing really good . Well the drinking and drugs started back up. My boyfriend kept hurting me . On my 18th birthday I went to jail . My boyfriend choked me out to the point where I thought I was going to die and ditched me in a bar parking lot . Well in a drunken rage i smashed the windows of his truck and he called the cops on me . I spent my 18th birthday wasted in jail . They dropped the charges on me but I had a hefty bail fine to pay off and my mom was wondering what the hell happened cause I was doing good in her eyes . Basically lots of drunken fighting  abuse  too much drinking and drugs led me to finally leave my boyfriend and that I did January of this year . ...Well I was 18 and finally free from that guy great right ? I got really depressed . I knew it was for the better but I felt just as empty and alone as I did before so I turned back to the drinking . I started drinking and partying every single night . Despite having my job i was out drunk and high 6 days out of the week . I met a group of guys that partied hard and of course they were in their 20's . I started doing xanax with them and seeing a guy who had a girlfriend who was just a huge all around asshole . I was spending my entire paycheck on buying bottles  pints of beers in bars and shots for all my new "friends" in bars . They liked me cause I was fun  had money and was always ready to drink and party more . We would all wake up at someones house and we'd go to the liquor store right away . I drank as soon as I woke up . I drank before work . I drank at work . I would show up drunk with 0 sleep from the night before . It got very bad again . My work had to let me go because of other reasons but I'm lucky they never caught on to the drinking . I stopped hanging around those guys and started realizing once again I was getting bad .... This is where I am now . I have a few good friends I see . I met a nice guy who I've been seeing for a couple months and I'm trying to find a new job . The drinking is still horrible . I drink less but it still rules my world . I'll go out with friends and I get completely blacked out trashed . I put myself in danger . I wake up with no clue as to what happened . I wake up piss drunk . I get mean and nasty when I'm drunk and the guy I'm seeing definitely sees it . He wants to help me but I'm not sure how he could . I've been telling him I'm fine and can handle it on my own  but he knows I can't . The reason why I'm finally reaching out here is because three days ago I'm pretty sure i got a concussion  from drinking . I always say I'm going to limit myself  learn to control it  not drink hard liquor  say no but i never manage to . I probably drank 5 different types of hard liquor that night and ended up falling hard on my head onto asphalt . I can't remember a single thing . I woke up the next morning in my bed my hair completely soaked in blood . I was completely out of it and i still feel like it . I can't see the cut but i sure as hell can feel it and rinsing out all the blood wow . I'm pretty sure i needed stitches and I'm pretty sure I got a concussion all from drinking and this is why I'm finally ready to stop because I don't know how . Part of me wants to stop completely but I don't know how . I try limiting myself  I try sticking to certain types but I can't do it . I'm willing to do anything except go to my family because to their knowledge I'm fine and they don't know half the things that happen or have happened to me due to my drinking . The guy I'm dating wants to help me and I'm know willing to let him in but I'm not even sure what he could do ? Do I or should I stop drinking altogether ? Can I stick to beer and actually manage to do it ? Should I stop drinking for a while ?  I'm not sure what options I have and this is why I'm reaching out . If there's anything that worked or works for you I'm open to anything now . Or if theres anything I'm definitely doing wrong I'm open to hear anything . The amount of pain that has been caused from drinking isn't worth it anymore . It's a bad cycle I drink to not feel but end up doing more damage . I just constantly realize when it gets bad and i always choose to ignore it but I'm finally ready to actually do something .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. That sounds like a pretty toxic upbringing but you do not have to live that way if you choose not to. It sounds like you could be physically dependent to alcohol so I would definitely see a physician before you quit cold turkey.... it could kill you... and it sounds to me like you want to live. He or she can help you withdraw safely. After that it's as simple as not taking that next drink. Simple not easy. I would recommend rehab to help you gain the skills and coping tools you'll need to enjoy a life without alcohol. If you can't afford rehab then I would go check out some AA meetings SMART meetings celebrate recovery or a whatever support groups you have in your community. Listen closely to what they have to offer and be willing to follow thru on their suggestions. You'll probably meet people whose story is a lot like yours. .Staying sober is simple but it's not always easy especially in the beginning ( at least for me ).  Listening to and taking good advice from people who have managed to remain sober for some time will help get you started. I recommend reading all through these pages.... especially Saturday Shares in the sidebar. Read the book "this naked kind" also free somewhere in the sidebar- this book will help give you some perspective about your relationship with alcohol. That's about all I've got for now. I think you're at the right place and you're head seems to finally be where it needs to be. I'm glad you're here and look forward to reading more of your posts. Good luck :))
You don't have to live this way.  It sounds like a dumb thing to say but it really isn't when it comes to someone who grew up the way you did.  I know (oh god do I know) that growing beyond your upbringing is a real challenge because it's hard for us to imagine living a life we don't know anything about but I believe you can do it.  You've already proven you can drink and party fearlessly so I'm sure you can get sober the same way...Look for some meetings in your area.  It will help a lot to find people who aren't drinking people you can spend time with.  Listen to their stories.  Tell them yours.  I know that the more I stay sober the more natural and right it feels.  There is a better way to live and you deserve to have it.  You are not a disposable person.  Your life has meaning.
Congrats on having the courage and honesty to come here and seek help - this is truly an amazing step in recovery!..Although we cannot provide medical advice if I were in your position I would seek medical attention as soon as possible - particularly for help with the concussion; and be completely HONEST with the doctors about alcohol consumption. I found that by being honest I received the best possible quality care...We're here for you please keep us posted &lt;3.
I read your story and it sent shivers down my spine. Very sorry for you've had to endure at your young age - you were essentially a child for most of this...A clear answer to your question: you need to stop. You need to stop completely. Otherwise you will live a short and tragic life this much is clear. ..You need to talk to the doctors and explain all that has been going on. It is their duty to help fix this heap of problems - not to judge your moral fibre. You need to be truthful or someday your family will wake up to some very sad news. ..You can't stop without medical help or withdrawal might kill you. This is why you need to act quickly while still in this mindset. Don't wait until another year has passed drinking and getting beat up and destroying your inner organs and hitting your head on concrete. Your body can't take that any longer...Sorry if this sounds harsh but what you wrote paints a desolate picture. ..The world is a better place than what you've been seeing all these years. If you manage to quit and stay sober you'll find a lot of light in your life...I really hope things turn out for the best. I believe in you. Hugs. Take care!
Wow you have had one tough battle! While I can't identify with everything you've been through - I do understand to a certain extent you not wanting your family to know what's been going on. I too was worried about them finding out so I went to a doctor sought help anonymously. I went to a brand new doctor that did have a connection with my family and asked them to devise a safe way to detox. I'm bringing this up because if you're serious about quitting and don't want your family to know - it might be better to seek medical help from a doctor than end up in the ER with a seizure or another injury. It sounds like you do want to make progress and I really do commend you for speaking out here - this is the first step in getting help - talking about it. Good luck!
Have you tried talking to a doctor or therapist? They may be able to provide you with medication to prevent you from drinking/cravings for alcohol. Or they do have AA groups for younger people in certain areas so you can meet people your own age who are struggling with the same thing.
