-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6cugi7/my_situation_twisted_alcologic_and_wanting_to_be/

I have data from the beginning of 2016 of how often and how much I've drunk so I made an excel file to see my progress. I was surprisingly disappointed. ..I figured that even as I've relapsed I'm still moving forwards but relapsing every other week isn't exactly "quitting" (as I've sometimes found myself believing). Yes last summer I did drink more in fact I drank more days than I didn't (7 none-drinking days last May). Now I'm sober more days than I drink (3 drinking days so far). It's an improvement but not a win. Not when looking at the bigger picture. Not when looking at my own arrogance over how "good" I've been doing...Yes I have managed to make it more than a week (and even two once or twice) which I hadn't managed this winter so that's a step forwards. But it's not normal. It shouldn't be *that* difficult achievement to go two weeks without drinking. The fact that I have made it once or twice doesn't make me "Normal". It doesn't mean I can "control my drinking". And it certainly doesn't mean I should celebrate it with a drink. It doesn't automatically make me superwoman it doesn't mean I'll be able to go out with my friends and magically be sober. But my stupid alco-brain keeps telling me that it's okay. That I can do better this time. That it's okay to go out to a bar. That it's okay to have "just one" and I keep falling for it! Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me...I have to remember that it's a marathon not a sprint. I *have* made progress but not as much as I've been wanting to believe. It seems like such a long time since I last drank. It's not. 3 days is a beginning but it's not a long time...In the beginning I though every time I "quit" would be the last one. I saw my whole life being free of this stupid manipulative drug. I was so confident every time. I really believed that *this* time would be the last one. ..Now I don't think so far ahead. I focus on being sober right now. There is less disappointment if I stumble but also more so because every time my confidence takes a hit. I want to be sober. I want to eradicate alcohol from my life. Forever. It's where I'm aiming but I have to remind myself not to be so arrogant and I have to remember to keep my guard up. Getting a few days doesn't mean that I've grown strong enough to handle any situation. It just mean I've been smart enough to stay away from temptation for that long...Sorry for ranting a bit. I just had to try to sort out my thoughts. ..I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

I love the idea of the excel spreadsheet for accountability. At least you have a badge!! I haven't got one yet as afraid to disappoint myself by skipping up (I am on day 6... day 7 will be tough as I have a college alumni reunion event with open bar). 
I put lots of effort into planning how to control my drinking &amp; it never worked out.  The best gift I ever gave myself was acceptance of the fact that my life could be awesome without a single drop of alcohol in sight.  I love work &amp; play harder since deciding that even one was too many for me.  Sending you hugs &amp; thoughts. I won't drink with you.
As someone who was a frequent relapser for nearly three years I woke up to the realization that I wasn't having relapses from sobriety I was taking breaks from drinking. It's not the same thing at all. I decided that I could either live the life I want to live OR I could drink...not both. I never looked back after that realization. Best wishes.
