-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6d0ohz/anyone_else_have_really_supportive_sos/

Victoria Day was Monday and while all my friends were getting hammered my man stayed home with me so I didn't relapse. I had such a fun time and it's so nice to be able to admit that I can finally be happy without booze. I couldn't have done it without him. Anyone else have a SO that helped them to get as far as they've come even if it's realization? Love to hear about it!
----------immediate responses--------

You're a lucky lady.....treasure him...After 143 days of happily drinking my lime &amp; soda I am yet to hear a single expression of praise or congratulation.  Sums it ( her ) up I suppose.
Yes. I don't get praise but I get unending support. It would be so hard to do this without support at home so I am very very grateful to have it. 
Yeah my wife is brilliant. Without her I'd be so fucked.
Yes my husband supports me every step of the way.  Encourages me says he's proud of me and loves me.  I'm very lucky.  
Mine left me last month after I found out about his 3 year affair. You are very lucky make sure you tell him how much you love him!
Yes! My husband quit drinking for me. He was always a normie but enjoyed (and sometimes abused) alcohol with me for years. He also tells me regularly how proud he is of me. He's just a wonderful guy in general and I can't sing his praises enough!
No significant other. Drank to ease loneliness. Now looking at trying to date in a culture where the pub is everything. It sucks. 
My GF is very supportive and always checks in with me if she wants to have a beer at the house. She rotates between not drinking and then having one a night. One. A night. Amazing.
My SO actually inspired me to lay off the sauce! .He's not given up alcohol forever or for good but he takes 1-2 month breaks a day or two of some drinks and then 1-2 month breaks again. It works for him and he likes it. .That's not really my style (I've tried it that's why my badge is less than a week right now) but he's super supportive of me in my decision to stay off of it. His support really makes all the difference :) 
My Wife is amazing. She never gave me a lot of crap about my drinking. She would let me know I was slurring or wobbling in public. Possibly even an enabler. She's been fantastic with my sobriety even double checking to make sure I would be okay to go on a camping trip with my family. She knows I like to cut loose camping but this time it'll be grill cooked foods and fizzy waters. 
I'm so happy for you that's awesome! My SO is supportive of anything I choose to do but I haven't outright told him. He almost never drinks and always keeps it 100% in control. I don't want him to think that he cannot around me. He will stop without me even asking and I don't want him to have to change his rare treat because of me. I am strong enough to say no the few times he is going to drink around me plus we don't even have the same taste!
I didn't have a SO when I first got sober. When I met my now wife and explained about my alcoholism she said she didn't like drinking and could go her whole life without it. I can count on one hand the times she has had a drink in 29 years. It's nice being married to someone who supports me and basically lives the same choice as me. Every year I get a AA chip on my soberversary and it is my wife who presents it to me because we both know that what we have together is because of my sobriety. 
