-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6d10qa/one_of_my_closest_friends_died_today_long_term/

I'm exhausted grief stricken and still detoxing from the weekend so sorry for the bad formatting and run on sentences. ..He was one of my regulars and committed to sobriety after his doctors told him his liver was shutting down. He was only 55 but looked about 70. Turns out he drank in secret the whole time. His roommate found him dead on the floor this morning and I'm in utter shock. I had to leave work early and go straight home so I wouldn't drink...He was a wonderful friend of mine. He was like a grandpa to me always checking up on me always supportive through my bouts of sobriety. I loved him so much. We went to lunch all the time to the cider mill to look at goats and chickens because he knew I love them. He hung out with me on my shifts to make sure I was ok (I close the bar alone usually on weekend nights). ..I miss my friend but I know alcohol killed him. He drank odouls in front of me but I know he couldn't stay away from the real stuff. This is a wake up call. No one wants to die at 55 when suffering from pain all of the time. I'm going to stay sober for him because he always told me he was proud of me for my sobriety. When I'd hit three days he'd give me a silver dollar as a "chip". I still relapsed occasionally and he was supportive of me anyway. He always told me how proud of me he was...I miss my fucking friend so much and wish he were still here but I know he is in a better place now. I'll pour a six pack of odouls out for him. Alcohol is a deadly slow acting poison. I'm not drinking today or tomorrow or next week. Fuck alcohol and its hook. I gotta stay strong...SD thank you for being here..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for your loss!  He would be proud of you for staying strong and not drinking in his memory.
What a heartbreak. I'm so sorry.
Thank you for sharing. I am so sorry for your loss. I think we all need that reinforcement that alcohol is poison. It is killing us. The "fun" is a lie....Take care of yourself. I will not drink with you today or tomorrow in remembrance of your friend.
My Condolences. Way to young be strong for him.
He sounds like a wonderful friend. I'm sorry his life was so short.
So sorry for your loss. Glad you are here - keep coming back. I will not drink with you today.
I'm so sorry for your loss alcoholism is such a shitty way to die. I think he would be very happy that you're honoring his memory with sobriety.
Sadly it happens.  My cousin died at 48 from multi system organ failure due to drinking.   He finally gave up trying to be sober and alcohol won.   
SO sorry for your loss. Honor his memory by staying sober!
Sorry for your loss &lt;3 not drinking with you today.
Sorry for your loss.  Nice tribute.
Sorry for you loss.  But this story is going to keep me sober for one more day that's for sure.  I am 55 also btw.
so very sorry for your loss. Honoring your friend and yourself with your sobriety will make you stronger. Won't be drinking with you today. Stay strong and be kind to yourself. 
I'm sorry for your loss. Please stay sober for you. 
