-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6d8sij/going_to_aa_today_bc_i_need_to_be_around_others/

I know what being powerless is like. I lived through it while enduring 5 years of abuse by a family member when I was a kid and my mother wouldn't help. Am I really powerless over alcoholism? Aren't I the one deciding to quit even if I have relapsed in the past? Aren't I the one who decided puppies and tea were a healthier option last night? I want to go to the meeting to just be in the presence of other alcoholics so I suppose I'll just take from the meeting what is useful for ME and not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

i look at it as this:..i am powerless against alcohol in that once i have one drink i am incapable of making good decisions. particularly the one that keeps me from having ten more drinks and the rest of the bad decisions that come with that. ..i hold all the power if i just forego that first drink. 
I am powerless over alcohol in the same way I am powerless over an 800-pound gorilla. Choosing not to go into his cage at the zoo has nothing to do with power; it's about taking care of myself.
I understand where you're coming from.  I just went to my first AA meeting this week.  The first step also says "my life has become unmanageable" and that's totally true for me!  I don't have the power to not drink more once I start.  
I hear you. There was an article in Atlantic Monthly a year or so ago about this aspect of AA and how it's particularly detrimental to women and people who suffered abuse. I linked to it once here but it was deleted. Support is great and necessary in whatever form you can find it and are comfortable with but this is my battle and if I don't feel powerful enough to resist a bottle than I'm going to lose. Again...my opinion and my experience. You have to do what works for you. AA works for a lot of people whom I believe find their power in the fellowship. 
I am also powerless after 2 Scotches I will drink for the rest of the night. But I am NOT powerless to not take that first drink even though our basement bar is still fully stocked for guests.
don't sweat the definitions.  I too had all the issues/problems with/reservations about AA.  So much turned out not to be a problem...For me "powerlessness" was the fact I had a defective off switch.  Once I started drinking - after one or two I found reasons to keep drinking...
From what I've read examples of powerlessness include not being able to stop or control drinking when I wanted to.  Dozens or hundreds of times for me I tried to not drink as much or told myself it was the last time but couldn't hence I am "powerless" as far as AA is concerned.  I try not to get too far in the weeds of analyzing every word but this is surely accurate of my relationship with drinking...Examples of "unmanageability" are things like continuing to drink despite grave consequences like wife threatens to leave?  Job in jeopardy?  Health in jeopardy? Still drinking?  That's unmanageable to me
Thanks for all the replies I'm less anxious about the meeting actually looking forward to it!
It doesn't sit right with me either which is why I don't go. There are other options out there - I haven't felt the need to use any of them but others here have and could tell you more about their philosophies. I know there's SMART and one other Buddhist-based one. Neither of these are available to me when I'm available to go that's why I haven't tried them. 
For me it's as simple as if I take a drink  I cannot be sure what is going to happen  thus I'm powerless once I introduce it into my body.  Simple as that.  The way I see it step one is about fully admitting to myself that I can't moderate not even a little. 
This step for me was a huge weight off my shoulders because it meant I realised I didn't have to fight alcohol anymore i just don't drink and there's no more guilt shame and remorse on a daily basis.
I found AA wasn't for me so don't judge yourself if you find the same is true for you. It's not the only way to maintain sobriety (contrary to what some will have you believe). 
That's because you aren't powerless. All of this "oh you don't have control" crap is poison. You have the power to fix this. You can quit drinking it's mainly mental and you can do it. At least that's how I've always viewed it. I've quit many drugs in my life and I've always been able to do it on my own. 
AA is for people who are powerless over alcohol. If your not and you can control your drinking as you wish while you are drinking or if you want to stop for good you can do so easily and without help then you don't need AA. If on the other hand you have little or no control once you start drinking and find you can't quit easily and need help when you really want to stop for good then you are powerless according to AA's Step 1 and should - if you wish - take a seat. 
