-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6d9krm/what_keeps_you_motivated/

Hi y'all I'm back again after a brief hiatus where I drank way too much. I want to get back on the wagon but I'm struggling with motivation. ..My longest stints of sobriety have both been around 40 days. The first time I gave up alcohol because I was doing the Whole30 diet. The second time I motivated myself by rewarding myself with new clothes after a month sober. Both times I continued sobriety for about 10 days after my 'cutoff' but then went back to my old ways...Obviously this pattern is not a good long term plan so my question to all of you is - how do you keep yourself from slipping? What keeps you motivated to not drink?
----------immediate responses--------

My endurance training.  I register for events far in advance that won't allow me to live an alcoholic lifestyle.  I have scheduled 3 biking Centuries this summer that get progressively harder as far as elevation change is concerned.  These types of events guarantee that I stay focused year round.
I did a couple of things.  I couldn't quit.  Forever seemed way too long and it was scary not having my favorite crutch 'forever'.  So what ultimately worked for me was just telling myself I'd go to bed sober today no matter what.  I'd worry about tomorrow tomorrow...The second thing was that I had to eventually learn to love doing other things that weren't drinking.  Honestly though I didn't admit it to myself drinking was my only hobby.  So when I stopped I had a huge hole in my life where drinking used to be.  Filling that with other things made it so that I was looking forward to things instead of scratching the itch that drinking had become.  Actually enjoying things and feeling emotions became so great I didn't want to give that up.  To me that was the difference between 'living sober' and 'not drinking'...Incidentally 40 days is a really great accomplishment.  You should be proud of that rather than focusing on what you may not have done.  There's a lot to be learned in how you made it 40 days.  Welcome back and I won't drink with you today!
I remember what my "normal" used to be; maximizing my free time so that I could spend it drinking and watching TV. Have to rush home so I can drink earlier. Don't go out so I can drink at home. People would ask what I did for fun and I would struggle for an answer because saying "I drink for fun and it takes up all my time" was embarrassing. ..I ask myself if that's something that I want to go back to. It isn't.
For me it is a lot of different things. My big one right now is my diet. I changed a lot about my diet a few months before I quit drinking really cleaned it up. I feel so much better eating the way I do now. I feel like I'm fueling my body nourishing it. Alcohol made me feel extra bad when I drank it. I truly felt poisoned. Knowing that I'll feel toxic if I drink is a huge motivator.  
Suppose I'll start with never ever wanting to experience a hangover again.  Everything else is just one big bonus...
I have a few different things. .1. My son I want to be a present mom I want to not feel hungover when I'm with him. I want to live long and healthy to watch him grow..2. I want to compete in powerlifting and I know if i start drinking I'll slowky stop lifting. .3. I want to remember things. I've had so many experiences that are blurry from booze. I hate knowing that I've wasted so much fun searching for it in the bottle rather than around me. .4. I want to be healthy. Alcohol is poison that is fact. I already have a higher than normal chance of getting early onset Alzheimer's I don't want to do anything else to make my brain worse. .5. While alcohol feels good in the moment (sometimes) it makes my anxiety horrible the next day. I don't want to live like that anymore. .6. I have a couple apps that count every day since I quit drinking and I like watching that number grow. Sometimes I want to drink but the thought of having to reset makes me rethink it. I'm going to reward myself with something when I hit a year!! .7. weightloss. ..
I had similar breaks to you in the past and usually they were health motivated.  This time for me is different because I realized I couldn't live with blackouts and the fear and shame that went with them.  What keeps me motivated these days is the desire to be free from that fear and self loathing.  I come and read this sub frequently in part because it reminds me that drinking really was "that bad".  It keeps me on track.
No hangover. No empty calories.  No wasted money.  Remembering what I did last night.  Getting a good nights sleep.  Being clear headed.
[removed]
Waking up and not feeling too shitty to pursue the things I want that day.  I'm camping and fly fishing for the next week.  Last year when I did this I was often too hungover to wake up and catch the morning hatch on the river and too drunk in the afternoon to properly enjoy it.  I love the sound of the river and my casting...its almost religious.  I cant believe I had to get loaded when I was out.  So I guess its the being present that keeps me motivated.  It can be a double-edged sword because that means youre present for everything even the tough times.  But I havent seen a one yet that drinking would improve.  Hang in there today I will not drink with you!
[removed]
[removed]
Fear. I'm scared of what my life would become if I started drinking again. That's a whole lot of nope. Everything is so much better now that I have stopped drinking and I have zero desire to revert back to my old ways.
