-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6da4fu/be_kind_to_me_another_day_one/

Trying this again. Other than my alcoholism there is a lot going on in my life. I want to blame everything on my drinking but I know it's not the case. Ending a five year relationship. I know drinking had a part in it but there was many other factors involved. Then his father passed away. My grandfather is very ill and probably won't last long....Which is causing my aunt obvious strain. She has lost her mother and both her brothers in the last few years. One In Which my father. She is also an alcoholic and would like more support... but it's hard for me and my recovery to be around her when she's wasted all the time and all she wants to do is drink. She's a bad drunk too which makes it even harder. ..My best friend for over 13 years (also former and favourite drinking buddy) has been a few weeks sober... and decided to criticize me (quite) harshly about my drinking. I was really hurt by this. I know he wants the best for me but he knows how hard this is. He's struggled with alcoholism.For years as have I. Going through a break up...my best friend was a great support for me... I don't feel like I have that anymore. Nor with my ex. Who has always been very supportive in my sobriety. ..My sister who I was so close with has moved away. With my two young nieces. Who I adore more than I could ever have imagined. I feel like I'm losing people in my life left and right. ..Plus my financial burden and terrible job... but I'm keeping my head up today! Starting a new job tomorrow. Looking forward to all the amazing things that are yet to come. This too shall pass... and it will be frickin awesome! ..I will not drink with you all today :).
----------immediate responses--------

Quitting drinking didn't solve all of my problems.  But I couldn't have solved any of them if I was still drinking.  ..We're glad you're back.  It takes a lot of strength to not give up.  Congratulations and I won't drink with you today!
My sobriety has to come before everything else.  I created a lot of damage while drinking and I can't fix it over night.  The nice thing about being sober is that I don't add to the damage anymore.   I've had to go through painful emotional times and difficult financial times as well but I can tell you that it was easier dealing with it sober.   
I realized I was hiding from the things I didn't want to deal with. I was masking my emotions. I am proud that I feel them. I am proud that I am doing this difficult thing. A lifelong friend only 49 years old died last week from a heart attack. It has been horrible but I am trying to engage myself in a way I could have never been able to before. I loved him and there is a void in my life. I won't try to fill it with alcohol though. I won't be drinking with you today!
Welcome back - wishing you love light and peace on your sober journey!
Mona Lisa must have had the highway blues you can tell by the way she smiles...  My heart goes out to you.    
