-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ddkwl/i_just_tried_going_to_an_aa_meeting_and_there_was/

I honestly don't know what was going on with that.  I should be at over 2 years sober but I slipped up around Christmas then again in March and now for the past couple of weeks.  I know the problem is that I'm bored and lonely.  I go out do something totally stupid and the same as usual end on such a shameful note.  I know this funk will end but then eventually I'll be right back into a slightly less sober funk and it becomes real tempting to drink those feelings away.  I guess I'm just looking for advice and I would have put up something like this on my Facebook but I'm embarrassed in them knowing that I'm still struggling all of my real good friends do know though.
----------immediate responses--------

Meetings sometimes change location / time without immediate updates to the listings.  We're a bunch of volunteers and not all that organized.     ..Sorry this happened.  Have you tried calling your local hotline?  
I'm sorry that you're struggling.  Would an online meeting work for you?
That happened to me once. It was pouring rain and I tried every door at the church but it was locked down. It was pretty weird. But one mixup in nearly a year of multiple meetings each week isn't bad I guess. I was pretty annoyed at the time though. Anyway hope you try again and find some good meetings. ..AA has been an important part of my sobriety but I had to try about 20 different meetings before I found a few where I really feel at home. I still bop into different ones at times. It's nice to feel like I can go to a meeting any day of the week and run into people I'm familiar with. I have a sponsor and I'm working through the 12 steps. I try to call or text someone from AA every day -- that probably helps as much as anything. 
We're here! Writing out feelings or what you are going through can be helpful sometimes. (even if you don't even share them with anyone) I'm not in AA but I'll try to get it started! My name is Keith and I'm an alcoholic.
Happened to me on my very first time too. I didn't try again for a while. I'm sorry this happened to you on a day you need it. It is hard enough to get to a meeting let alone for the first time and then have it not even be there.
