-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dezet/is_today_a_good_day_to_begin_drinking_again/

Sorry I'm late gang. For those who don't know I'm PJMurphy and I ask myself the same question every hundred days. Today is Day 1508 so I am a little late. Sorry about that.  ..My [1400](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5si9bb/is_today_a_good_day_to_start_drinking_again/) Day post.  .My [1300](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/5a3d6j/is_today_a_good_day_to_start_drinking_again/) Day post  .My [1200](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4u74hp/is_today_a_good_day_to_start_drinking_again/) DAy post.  ..Every time the odometer clocks over I ask myself "Is this a good day to go back to drinking?"  ..You see "Forever" is a bloody long time. I'm seeing a lot of posts here at SD from people in their first weeks or days or even hours of recovery so I am certain you guys know what I mean. "Forever" has this sort of ominous implication...what if I don't make it? How will I deal with failing?  ..It's a LOT of pressure even for me with 1508 days under my belt. It should be 1630 days but one day in early 2013 the answer to my question was "yes" and I went on a 2-month hellish relapse. So the pressure is still there. "Forever" is a hell of long way.  ..So I bite it off in 100-day chunks. I can commit to 100 days I know I can so the hell with "Forever".  ..Since the 1400 Day post I have had a few challenges. My determination to get into shape has been derailed by a shoulder injury if I move the wrong way I get hit with a pain that drops me to my knees. It's getting a little better but it still hurts like hell even reaching for something in the back of the fridge. Should I drink over it?  ..As a result all the weight I lost is now back. I was in sniffing distance of my goal of 199lbs and now I am back up to 215 or so. I hurt myself and I failed in my goal. Should I drink over it?  ..I just got back from a vacation to see some old friends one I have known since 1985 the other since 1992. I haven't seen either in 10 years and we had a wonderful visit. But now I am home and I miss them very much. I don't know if I will ever see them again. If I do it won't be soon so there is a bit of a hole in my heart and I am feeling a little lonely.  Should I drink over it?  ..Exacerbating the sense of loneliness is the fact that I am a single guy once again. Dating is proving to be a real problem in my 50's as the pickings are pretty slim. I have been seeing this one girl let's call her Sheila. She's a Russian Jew and the Russian community and the Jewish community are very tight....and gossipy. She seems a little too cautious about making our friendship public as she doesn't want her reputation injured by having it be common knowledge that she's dating an outsider. It makes me feel like she's ashamed of me. Should I drink over it?  ..My on-again off-again ex who I was trying to remain friends with told me that she has begun seeing another fellow and that she doesn't feel like she can devote herself to this new relationship while I am still a presence in her life. This is a week after I took her to see Melissa Etheridge one of her favorite artists spending a good $300+ on the evening. I feel taken advantage of. Should I drink over it?  ..My dream of home ownership is pretty much dead. Even a small house requiring upgrades is selling for 10-12 times my annual salary. I will never experience the pride of owning my own property and will likely be renting fro the rest of my life. No garden no changing the light fixtures no power or control over the place that I live. Should I drink over it?  ..I was doing a great job on paying down my debt...right up until I got hit with a $1500 vehicle repair bill a week before my vacation. That's gonna slow me down quite a bit. Should I drink over it?  ..It's not all doom and gloom there are some things that are really going well. All in all work is going well and I have a great set of friends we enjoy each other's company and have a good time. But some of them drink a bit and sometimes I feel like I am not fitting in. Should I drink to be "one of the gang"?  ..I'll leave it up to you guys this time Sobernauts. You tell me. Is today a good day to go back to the booze?  ..But don't just say "yes" or "no"....tell me WHY. Tell me a bit about your experience where you are right now and why you think it's a good idea or a bad one.  ..Talk to me people. I really want to hear what you have to say.  ..Is today a good day to begin drinking again?..
----------immediate responses--------

Let see... is today a good day to start drinking? Hm. ..Is today a good day to send yourself back into a "hellish relapse"?.Is today a good day to destroy years of progress?.Is today going to be the day that you decide that the small perks of being drunk is worth you completely ruining over 4 years of progress only to be sent right back to step 1? .Maybe you won't ever have a house that you own. Maybe your ex will never want you back. .Maybe you think you won't be happy the rest of your life. .But let me ask you this; which one of those three "Maybe's" is alcohol going to fix? .Live your life not by the materials you have but by the friends you have the places you visit. Find something that brings you joy and ride that wave till you die. Happiness is situational joy is forever...I'm only on day 23. Don't let a rookie out sober you tonight. Goodluck I will not drink with you tonight 
Not on your Nelly!..Why? Because it's taken me 48 years to reach this point. ..I have worked through my binary thinking and repression of self identity from being born and raised in a high control fantatically religious cult. ..I have dealt with being raped and humiliated in a country where I did not speak the language and was unable to physically stop it...I have spent the past 3 years struggling to get accepted at university to give myself the education I was never allowed. ..I am still working on my PTSD from a horribly abusive childhood with a mother who had Munchausens by Proxy...I have thrown away licensed drugs only to move to cannabis only to replace that with alchohol...I have spent decades trying to moderate my drinking alone always always resulting in absymal failure...Why? Because I am not done yet and I want more for myself...I will NOT be drinking with you today..
No. Getting horribly ill before the memorial service of a dear family member is not any way to honor the memory or attend the service.
No! Because you can bite off chunks of a home ownership down payment the same way you do a "sober forever" - you can do it $100 at a time. I truly truly believe that if you are sober and saving you will get your house and garden. I can see you there puttering around! (I can also see you scraping the old paint off of your weathered porch for about three months...so consider that as well...) BUT - don't give up! :)
Today is not the day I go back to booze. I was up before 6 a.m. and am now enjoying my second cup of coffee because I chose not to drink last night. Despite it being a long holiday weekend and me having no pressing responsibilities this morning waking up sober is always better...Later I will pick up my grandkids for the weekend which seems like a bad cosmic joke sometimes because I never had or wanted kids of my own and here I am with kids every weekend. But I will not drink over it because I love them and not drinking me is a better more active participant in their lives...After we take the kids back either Saturday night or Sunday my husband will start drinking. He will likely become repetitive annoying and sloppy. He will spend the next day recovering on the couch and have limited recollection of anything he said or did. I will not join him and I will not drink over it. I've been there I've done it far too many times and drinking has nothing to offer me but waste and misery...Thanks for the post u/PJMurphy and congrats on 1509 days! Today is not my day to drink. The rest of the weekend doesn't look like it will be either I'll face those days as they come :)
We are alike in that today we are people who do not drink. ..2 years ago I woke up in jail with my 2nd dui I thought I'd lose my apartment my dogs and that was it. 1 year later I bought my first home. Things may look dark and bleak now but they will look much worse from the bottom of the bottle. ..Will drinking help shine down the repair bill? I'm guessing not. ..My addictive voice talks to me too at times like you are having and tells me to drink but that's it's answer for everything and it never works out for the better in my case 
You sir should not drink today. You are far too level headed and inspirational to selfishly deprive us of YOU. Congratulations and thank you for a great post/series of posts.
No because I'm tearing up right now since I really needed to read this today. You can't pour liquor on your problems so neither should I. 
I totally feel you there both on the dating/loneliness thing (I'm 48) the debt thing and the not owning a home thing. Of course drinking won't solve any of those problems for me or for you. 
