-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dw328/only_a_few_hours_left/

Just got back from a kids bday party/Memorial Day cookout. No crazy partying but every adult drinking & I was offered drinks 3 times. That was easy to resist tho......It's the being home now that gets me. I want to drink. But I don't want to wake up tomorrow and have drank. It's an internal crazy struggle. ..Giving the kids dinner now....then going for a walk. Gonna come back & shower and get ready to watch The Leftovers. I've been eating healthy but I'm giving myself permission to eat whatever I please for rest of the nite. Tomorrow morning I'll wake up & be at the gym at 7am to swim.......And this God Forsaken long weekend will be over. I know I'll be stronger during the week. This SUCKS but I refuse to give in.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm looking at this post saying - Look at how friggin awesome Kota is doing! OMG 50 Days! So for what it's worth please know that I think you're amazing - I'm so proud and happy for you! Have some sweets chill out - you certainly deserve it dear :).
Must be the stage we are at as I've found it hard this weekend and I've eaten what I wanted today. But I know tomorrow I will feel fantastic and healthy again. Let's do this! I won't drink with you today 
congrats on 50 days!
power forth.  don't drink for the next hour...next minute...next 10 seconds if you need to dial it back that far...eating whatever you want is a good idea I used that for a while.  just do anything to keep your mind off it... sounds like you have enough to get you through the evening...50 days is looking pretty nice let's see 51
The leftovers is great! This was me last night craving just a night cap whiskey at the party after refusing drinks all day...glad to say I didn't drink and I feel incredible today and knocked out a huge workout. Stay strong and enjoy the swim tomorrow!
I am at a party now. Been offered drinks several times. I just drank soda. My friend who I always drank with keeps asking me why I'm not drinking and telling me to do shots. My husband even tried to get me to do shots. I just made some excuse. I really want to leave though.
good work kota.  I can kind of understand where you're coming from with regards to wanting the drink when alone.  Most of my drinking was done in solitary during the last 2 or so years of my boozing career.  Were you an isolation drinker?..You're doing great.  Isn't it nice being more present for your gifts?  I don't personally have kids but I hear this said very frequently by parents who recently sobered up...I'm a bit of a health nut myself but its totally okay to eat junk sometimes.  I bought a bag of Fritos today and I'll most likely eat at least 3/4 of the bag!..Keep going...it gets better.
I am loving the long weekend.  You are doing great.  You got this.
Yes this weekend has been tough for many of us - the official start of summer ...but hey no drink or buzz in the world feels as good as knowing dang WE DID IT !!! although tomorrow is Memorial Day the actual holiday - it obviously for partying is the wind down day - Congrats to all the sobernauts that made it through the weekend dry - if you didn't make it -then Hey come back as quick as you can we'll be here !!!!
Morning here now and ready to start the week all positive again. The storm has passed for now! I won't drink with you today 
It is today here not sure where you're from I'm in he uk and a teacher so have all week off but I won't drink I'll go to the gym. We are all here to support each other. Amazing 
