-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dwuhh/im_so_very_very_scared_please_help_me/

I've managed a few periods of brief sobriety after detoxes but nothing lasting.  I'm currently having Trauma and Addiction therapy (via phone as I'm unable to physically attend) but I'm struggling not to drink but having tried AA (numerous times now) it just doesn't work for me primarily I think as the sort of 'Learned Helplessness/powerlessness' that sits at heart of AA is something itself that really doesn't help me given I'm trying to actually get power back in my life after a fairly brutal and abusive decade...I have managed to cut down by measuring and keeping track of my drinking (a litre of vodka a day at it's worst and now 200-300ml per day which whilst better is still absurd) but I am desperate to NOT be drinking.  One thing that adds to difficulty of that is that I'm pretty unwell so homebound and very physically weak (all the more reason why I really really should NOT be drinking) so options like working out instead of drinking etc just aren't on the table for me and that isn't going to change anytime soon although I am acutely aware that drinking will likely be prolonging illness and def won't be helping it in any way (Fibro/ME)...I am though desperate to quit and I'm terrified literally terrified about the fact I seem unable to.  Even when I make another '"Right this IS absolutely IT now no more" - usually prompted by fear of being sick (am emetephobic) - I still end up back drinking and it's easier than ever now A*****n Prime Now will literally deliver vodka in the next hour (IE excluding it from weekly online shop isn't enough as I still have access when I feel I just can't not drink...This is my first post and if anyone can help in ANY way with support or what has worked for them or tips or just ANYTHING frankly then please please do? I'm desperate.  And sad.  And just really really scared...TY for reading if you got this far x 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there! I am sorry you are having a tough day. I have found tapering is a tricky beast in that it allows me to keep bargaining with myself and making excuses to drink just a bit more and before I know it the whole fight has to start again which as you probably know yourself can be prety exhausting. I have found that I just need to say stop to myself and often that is the hardest part getting to that point where I am ready to self care again and not be necking ridiculous amounts of booze everynight whilst simultaneously crying and hating myself. So apologies for the rambling I do definitely get where you are coming from. Might be helpful to talk to a doctor as well as I am no medical professional on withdrawal but for me when I've stopped it has been just stopping and then suffering through the first 3 days and nights of hell and keep building those sober days in front of me and am always amazed why I did it to myself in the first place for so long. Those first few days not gonna lie are the hardest and it can literally be a minute to minute battle with myself not to just go fuck it and open the gin but it does get much much easier the more days go by. I hope this helps somewhat and other than that this place has been incredible for me in terms of feeling cared for and supported and inspired by all the awesome kind folk on here so that has also been a massive part of past successes at stopping. 
I was drinking that much 3 weeks ago. I decided it had to stop. This is what helped me in the initial days:           .I drank a lot of flavored seltzer water to stay feeling full.         .Lots of sweets My favorite Ice Cream and nuts.         .Check in here often And know you are not alone. Commit to making it through the night without drinking.          .       .I don't know your situation But you might need medical help to get over the initial shock. Seek it if you need to And be straight up with your Dr.            .I won't drink with you tonight! Stay strong.
The first thing I had to do was get some help specifically for my drinking. I went through detox and the treatment. Once I was out of treatment I began doing three main things...* I starting taking psych meds for my depression anxiety and addiction..* I starting going to therapy for my mental health and addiction issues..* I started attending a support group - which for me is AA (even though alcohol isn't my drug of choice). ..I think I understand where you are coming from with the issues you have with AA. I've been attending AA for the better part of the last decade. For most of that time I truly didn't like it. It took me a long time to honestly admit to myself that I had a problem with alcohol. It took me even longer to admit that I couldn't control my drinking or myself while drinking. There are still some aspects of AA that I dislike - but it has helped me far more than it has ever hurt me. I have learned so many things and gotten so much help not necessarily from just from the program- but from the people who attend. ..I think that what it comes down to is... what are you willing to do differently? It's insane to continue the same thoughts and behaviors expecting to get different results. Part of my problem is that I don't ever want to experience pain or discomfort and I thought I could somehow stop drinking and get better without experiencing those things. I have to put my sobriety and recovery first - especially when it means doing something I don't want to do. I didn't want to go to detox or treatment or AA. I didn't want to have my brother keep my ID so that I wouldn't be able to go buy booze. I don't want to take time out of my week to go to therapy. I don't want to have to take medications. ..I could go on and on - finding any and every excuse to not do the things which keep me in recovery. Some of the excuses might be legitimate and others might be complete bullshit. It doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter because I know for a fact that I have another drink left in me. What I don't know is if I have another recovery left in me.
You can do this.  Can you go to a Dr. to get evaluated for if you need meds for withdrawal?  Be careful.  If you are a heavy user you can have a seizure or a stroke.  Better to check with an M.D.  
I'm sorry that you're going through this. It sounds like a nightmare. As for myself I have multiple sclerosis and I knew I could not stop and things got pretty bad finally I was facing death head on and stopped. All I can say is that my health is SO MUCH better since I quit. It's the single best thing I have ever done for my body. I wish the same good health for you.
For me being desperate sad and afraid was where I needed to get to seek help. I did an Intensive Outpatient Program (IOP) addiction counseling and AA to help me get sober.  I continue to attend AA now to stay sober.  "I am powerless over alcohol and my life has become unmanageable" for ME means that once I take that first drink I am unable to stop and therefore powerless over alcohol.  I cannot control my actions when I drink...powerless over alcohol. I tried for 20 years to stop on my own and could not.  The power I DO have is to seek help to work hard on and in my recovery and to build a new and better sober life.  Whichever path you choose I wish you luck.  I will not drink with you today.
Wow you sound like you're in the exact same boat as I. I have PTSD and trouble leaving my house. Tuesday I have a telehealth appointment to hopefully get set up with permanent telephone therapy through the veterans admin. I also thought the only way to get clean was AA until I found rational recovery and SMART and they talk a lot about taking power back instead of admiting powerlessness. It helped me get a little over 2 years sober until my slip days ago. ..I also deal with physical health issues (botched hernia repair meshoma neuropathy) and it's difficult planning things one day to the next as who knows if itll be a good day or bad one. I do know if I'm drinking I'm setting myself up for a long stretch of bad days. It may bring short term relief from pain but will and can bring long term pain as far as consequences go. ..LOL I even done the same as you and would order honey liquor from A Prime but as I said short term fix long term problems. My wife left me after my last slip and isn't coming back. So I'm also dealing with loneliness and sadness on top of the pain and mental issues. ..But I do not have to drink over them. Yes it was horrible the first week. Today was actually the first in awhile that I slept a normal 8 hours and woke up feeling good. You may have to through that but In the long run you and I both will be much better off the longer we abstain from that poison...We are here for you if you need to talk. Believe me I understand completely what you're going through and want you to know you are not alone 
