-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6dxd5i/aok_mondays_a_stopdrinking_challenge_random_acts/

Good Morning and Happy Monday Sobernauts! For those of you enjoying a long weekend I hope you're having lots of sober fun :)...Acts of Kindness (AoK) Mondays is a weekly thread where we reach out to others. It's one way we can Grow our Authenticity Extend our Humanity Connect with Others and Step outside Ourselves. Together we can be part of a Global Effort to extend kindness. What does it mean to  Be Kind ? It's the first guideline on this sub. I invite you to engage and reflect if you're willing...I've seen some posts and comments on here during the past week or so regarding plans for Memorial Day cookouts parties on the beach/pool etc.. It is so heartwarming to see all the lovely feedback from fellow SDer's offering kindness and support during these times. Maybe you're experiencing fomo maybe you have relapsed maybe you're on day 1 or maybe you just feel like hanging here with your SD fam because we're all fighting this good fight together. Regardless we're here to support each other in good and tough times...This clip had such a big impact on me - how 1 person can start a chain reaction make people smile and be happy even if just for a short ride. Check it out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xctzp0dp9uc. It reminds me of SD in a way. Think of how 1 person or 1 post / comment can have an amazing impact on you; and shortly thereafter the chain reaction occurs. Chances are SDer's have been in your position and can offer their valued feedback! The comments grow and the kindness spreads :)...If there is anything that you would like to share this week please let us know. We'd love to hear it! Together we can change the world to a better place. Think of what Sobernauts of SD can do across our planet!! We can Change the World. It's up to you me and us together! ..Peace be with you. I will not drink with you today. Let's have an amazing week!
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing too life changing but I have a 5 month old niece. I bought her 2 new books from the book store. I love the kid :) 
I picked up litter (just party streamers that had blown away) today when my shin splints acted up and turned my run into a walk. I was pretty grumpy since I couldn't run but it made me feel better.
Lee!  What a GREAT video! Made me smile!
I gave my neighbors some hastas.  They took down a giant tree and were planting some stuff where the trunk was.  I'm renting and don't plan on staying much longer so I figure they 'll be better appreciated by my neighbors. 
