-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e17e7/i_can_see_the_light/

I wanted to post here to hopefully keep myself accountable. This sub has been inspiring i come here everyday and i read comments saying things i want to be able to say one day. I have not had the strength to drop drinking cold turkey like many of you but i have been somewhat successful in gradual moderation and doing so basically alone. I wanted to share what has let me successfully cut down.  I have been living in a house that has been the embodiment of my hell for the past 18 months. I broke up with my abusive girlfriend of 8 years just after Valentine's and was left with a drug dealing and abusing roommate creating the worst environment on a daily basis. Prior to this post my ex was the only person i ever had the courage to admit i had a problem to and long story short she really didn't take me seriously or  help in any meaningful and i was and still am too afraid to reach out to anyone for help. After breaking up in february i made the decision to start helping myself. I knew i didn't have the willpower to stop cold but i knew that extreme changes were going to happen in my life and i needed to take some control over my future. ..I allowed myself to binge through the end of February- the breakup was very ugly and i hadnt really figured out an alternative way to cope but i made a pact For march 1 and each month after i would force myself into a step of progress... I struggled immensely as one of my roommates had basically become a junkie- despite 2 interventions and being sober when we chose to sign the lease he went through 6 jobs in the last 18mo and would usually go on a long bender after every first paycheck- crack xanax heroin- which would end up costing him the job rinse and repeat. I was awake nearly every night because he would match back and forth from his room to the porch to alternate between drugs and cigarettes- basically 24/7. Sometimes if i would get up for water in the middle of the night and turn on the light i would find him standing perfectly still staring out the window tweaking and paranoid over god knows what. Due to this unpredictable behavior basically at random times it made having friends or family over basically impossible- and extremely uncomfortable every single time i did have company. In addition he was also dealing drugs which meant a constant in and out of strangers. I just wanted it to end it was a constant constant drive to numb myself waiting for thee lease to be up. Waiting to be able to put myself in an environment where i actually have a chance to succeed.  I am scared to think where i would be if i hadnt made a pact to improve... Match was limited to 1 bottle per week or up to 3 glasses at dinner. April was up to 2 glasses- 6 days a week or less. May was to 5 days a week. Finally my chance is here I signed a new studio for me and my dog in the city with a week of crossover to move. As of last Friday i finished my last bottle in the old house.  Each day since Thursday i have moved a full minivan worth of stuff and i knew if i bought another bottle at this house i would not physically be able to finish moving with the hangovers so I have been sober for 3 days...Today is the final move day. I am finally taking my bed and my dog. I no longer have to stay up at night listening to a junkie. I no longer have to live in a house with painful memories. I get to climb out of this hellhole. I no longer have an excuse. For June i have vowed not to let any alcohol enter my new apartment and vowed not to drink alone. July would be weekends only and by August I think a full stop is plausible...I'm only 3 days in and starting a new life today. I might not quit for good just yet- my plan still allows me to drink socially but even if i could make it to 7 days it would be monumental. I haven't felt the need to drink to 'cope' with anything since i stopped and i hope i never feel it again. A few months ago i couldn't even imagine what my life would look like without alcohol-today i not only know i would be better off but also that it is easily within my reach...I hope i will be back to keep myself accountable and i hope my story may help those in similar situations- those that know they need a change and are afraid of shocking their systems with extreme actions. Some moments in life offer more opportunity to stop or change than others. If You know your own limitations and willpower you can create a reasonable plan. Thank you all for your inspiration..I will not be drinking tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing! That was actually really inspiring to read because you climbed a mountain alone. In sandals. With rocks on your back - and you are at the top enjoying the view. I can't imagine what my sobriety journey would look in that scenario but more than likely it would look like crack and xanax and heroin because any bad influence I just seem to want to outdo nevermind just roll with so your roommate's ways would have gotten the better of me. So I really salute you and I won't be drinking with you and I wish you well in your new home :) 
There is no single way of doing the right thing getting sober. AA have the most experience with that and even them will tell you that they don't own the secret of sobriety...I had to fall down the stairs to get sober but if you want to take it one step at a time it's your choice. As long as you keep remembering that sobriety is your goal you can make your own path to it...Moving away from enabling relationships is a good step to take.
This sounds like a nightmare scenario and I can only imagine your relief at finally escaping and creating your own little alcohol-free welcoming haven for you and the dog. There is nothing worse than being trapped in a god-awful living environment with someone abusive to themselves and others...Enjoy your hard-won privacy and peace. I hope you can focus on your sobriety now and I will not drink with you today.
Yikes!  There is another thread on reddit for nightmare roommates.  Sounds like you could be voted to the top over there.  Congratulations on your new apartment.  I won't drink with you today.
