-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e4qy7/it_all_begins_now/

I'm a 22 year old male who has struggled with drinking since I was 16 years old. It has caused me to drop out of 3 colleges and tonight was a bit of a wake up when my parents called me out on drinking after hanging out with the family all day. I have a pretty good life with working an easy job at a cafe having a wonderful supportive family and girlfriend and having my parents provide for me. The only thing is I love booze and the feeling it gives me. I'm not the social type and love to just get blackout drunk every night in my room while I play video games or watch tv. October of 2015 I got an oui in the state of maine while i was at school and didn't know what to do. I was dealing with depression at the time and had zero friends and didn't want to tell anyone about it. I lied my way through it and told my parents how I was trying to kill myself since at the time I thought that made more sense than admitting i had a problem...I moved back home with my parents November 2015 and since then i've been on and off drinking  The problem has always persisted though where once i start drinking I feel the need to get blackout drunk ( we're talking 15 plus shots over the span of a few hours a night). I tried to go to a local school again where my mom worked and things were going well. However once things start to go well i tend to go back to my old ways and start binging again. Last fall i confronted my parents about school and how i really wasn't doing well and made them to believe it was motivational issues when it really was just drinking. I lived my life everyday as a lie and had everyone around me convinced it was for reasons not related to my drinking. ..Starting in January I was working full time at my job and going to the gym 6 days a week and only drinking on occasion. I thought if i could keep my life in check that way 'hey drinking isn't really a problem i can just plan around it.' I lost around 35 pounds and have started to out on a good amount of muscle and feel great but all the while i was still drinking. This past month though i've started drinking more and more. hiding vodka to go upstairs and chug while my family was doing things.downstairs. i just love the feeling and can't help myself but to get blackout drunk. ..only last week i finally told my girlfriend (who i met and started dating last summer) about the oui and she was super supportive about it and responded better than i could have ever expected. But still once she goes to bed i say i'm gonna stay up and watch something or play games ill go and binge drink. I feel awful for it and i'm sure everyone knows but i don't know what to do. ..my dad walked in on me tonight just saying to make sure not to stay up late and saw i was drinking and was rightfully upset. i drunkenly tried to justify myself saying i wasn't working tomorrow among other reasons why it wasn't a problem. my mom tried to give me an ultimatum regarding not drinking in the house and if it's something i really can't do without that i would need to move out and not do here. I totally agree with her and am honestly surprised they still love me so much and put up with me. it's just hard knowing that it's something i have to give up when i really enjoy it. ..i know i have a problem and want it to change i just haven't been able to get over the mental hump. these past few days i've realized i've been dealing with the addiction waking up hungover as fuck and can't stop shaking until i get the booze in me again. But i know i have to prove to not only them but myself i can change and i NEED to do it right now. it's hard when i have no sense of accountability and can lie my way through things. ..so now is my day one and ill do my damn best to keep up with it. i've poured my booze out and told.my girlfriend i need to talk about it with her tomorrow. i know all well i'm gonna be nervous to talk to her about it but i have to do it. i just needed to type this out and vent somewhere.  ..thanks for all the inspiring posts hopefully one day i can make some to help others in similar scenarios ..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you!
There is a book called "This Naked Mind" that got rave reviews available for free in the right margin.  The bright side is you have loving parents and a girlfriend.  22 is so young.  I think it is great you are nipping this in the bud.  I won't drink with you today.
You can do it! That book is a super helpful book and this sub is absolutely LIFE changing. Stay here! It is what has saved me more than I can count. Congrats on day 1
