-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6e95zi/drinking_dreams_and_the_haunting_shame_of_relapse/

Preface: I am 132 days sober and this is my longest stretch ever. In my past attempts I had relapsed "in secret" and kept up the charade to my family and my sponsor.  So I would keep counting "sober days" while drinking on the sly until finally getting caught/coming clean and starting over. ..Now over the past few months it seems I will have a drinking dream at least once a week. The amount I drink in the dream varies as do the setting circumstances and people involved.  One of the things that is consistent (and haunting especially after I wake up) is the rationalization - that in the dream I tell myself "these drinks don't count I still have XXX days."  I know in my dream I am wrong and that I have to start over but I am content to lie. When I wake up I know it was just a dream but what haunts me is that I was so content to lie to myself and take up the charade again in my dream. ..My sponsor is out of the country right now so I thought I would share here to get it off my chest and see if any of you had any similar experiences or better yet thoughts on how to overcome the lingering shame of past relapses. ..Thanks SD!
----------immediate responses--------

drinking dreams suuuuuuuuuuuck. i had one last week where in the dream i had a beer mourned my lost days and had a negotiation with myself over whether or not i should be honest about it. i woke up feeling so disappointed...before i remembered it was a dream. ..so you're not alone. i just keep reminding myself that dream me is still processing this change within me and in my life and that's what it is. 
I get over past mistakes by staying sober a day at a time.   I can't really tell you if I have drinking dreams because I don't remember them.   I don't want to drink and it really doesn't bother me anymore if I see people drinking around me.   
I'm having this a lot lately too. Around a similar stage to you and those dreams screw with me. Emotions are still raw so the guilt and loathing feel so real. 
Wish I would have found this sub when I quit drinking. But anyway I have had lots of dreams where I got drunk. Last week was the first one I had that I did not enjoy being drunk in my dream. Maybe it takes time. 3 years sober. 
