-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ea292/back_again_and_again_and_again/

Somebody used the term "serial relapser" recently and I LOVE that term.  I'm stealing it!  Because damnit that's what I've been.  Some of you remember me I've been off and on for years.  Well it's time to be off again (or is it on?  I dunno).  I haven't reset my badge yet because I am planning on tapering tonight and that might spill past midnight.  ..I'm rambling a bit right now sorry.  I'm going through some withdrawals fighting a panic attack right now.  I decided to write here just to get some thoughts out.  Right now I'm scared not sure how to live sober.  But the first step is to be sober right?  ..I made it 2 weeks about 3 months ago.  I can't believe it took me 3 months to try again.  I feel pathetic but I keep reminding myself of the thousands of people who fight this every day and how many succeed versus fail?  And damnit I'm not going to quit trying.  I've got a lot of personal things going on in my life also scaring me.  And I feel that if I was sober  I might be able to face these trials more successfully.  ..My wife is not supportive at all about this.  I've literally begged her to join me in this and she refuses.  In fact she got very angry when I mentioned she might have a problem herself.  It's not my place to tell her she has a problem and I can't make her see anything.  I can only control myself.  But it makes it SO much harder to quit when she has her own bottle in the bedroom.  My marriage is probably ending and I might have to force something but ugh.  That's not for now.  I just need to be sober right now not worry about this other crap...Ugh.  Rambling again.  Sorry everyone.  I'm going to end this horrible post with a "thank you".  I have posted these horrible ramblings in the past and this sub has ALWAYS been incredible about reading them understanding what I'm going through and then encouraging me.  So truly...  Thank you everyone!  You guys are awesome!
----------immediate responses--------

I needed help learning how to live a sober life. Have you got teachers? A therapist rehab outpatient and AA gave me the tools I needed. I hope you find the help you need.
Ramble on Bro!  We're hear for you!  One thing at a time eh?  I won't drink with you today.
Hey Cartman! It's good to see ya :). I love this: "I just need to be sober right now..". I'm sober right now right along with you! Glad you're back.
Just walk away and the horror will end.
