-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ebbaz/my_wife_just_told_me_she_is_done/

I relapsed this weekend and I lied to my wife about it and when she found out which was obvious when she came home from work and I was clearly drinking all day. She told me tonight she is done with this and that I am never going to change. ..I don't know what to do. Drinking is the last thing I ever want to do again. I don't know how to recover from this..EDIT/UPDATE:  My wife woke up the next morning and said she wants to be there to support me.  We are going to couples therapy not for my drinking but for how I can communicate my urges and feelings about drinking better to my wife.  Life lesson of this and never lie to your wife about drinking.  Just be honest if they love you they will support you.
----------immediate responses--------

Well you are here so that's a good first step! 
You are here! Keep coming back!
Stay here. Read every post you can. Post yourself. Comment. That is what has and is helping me. This place these people you. Stay here. Welcome home!
How long was your sobriety before you slipped up?
You *can* recover from this if you choose to!  We all just have to take it one day at a time.  What has been working really well for me is to come on here each day pledge not to drink just for that day and then follow through just for that day.  This is a wonderful group and there's a ton of support here!  Also there's also a lot of other support you can turn to including your doctor a therapist and support groups like Refuge Recovery or AA.  Please get all of the support you need.  You *can* stop drinking!  For starters I won't drink with you today.  Hang in there.
Hey man I am where you are. Im day 34. My fianc  told me she is done my drinking was one factor of many that led to that.  However I can tell you by not drinking I am able to face my issues head on with no fuzzy mind and no horrible feelings of regret and shame.  No drunk phone calls texts nothing.  It hurts like hell right now but it could be a hell of a lot worse...Hang in there be kind to yourself and most of all stay away from the booze. Best go luck.
Perhaps this is the consequence that provides the moment of clarity and the desire to stop drinking.  Mine was handcuffs long after my wife had ditched me.  I don't recommend my path.  Stop now and see what happens.  Maybe she will return or maybe not but keep drinking and she is likely history based on my experience.
Sorry about the relapse and its consequences. I have been there. I expect I would start lying again if I started drinking again. All in all I am a better person when I don't drink. Remembering who I was helps keep me in line. I will not drink with you today. 
Scary spot. What do you want to do rather than what do you not want to do?
You can relapse and start your new sober streak ASAP or go back to drinking all the time. ..I started with five days. A few days without left me feeling I was back in control. Three days of drinking with no control taught me a lesson...5 on the water wagon.3 fell off the wagon and run over.89 back on the wagon..Dump the booze make healthy choices and take a step forward..
"There's not a problem that can't be made worse by drinking". 
