-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ecnxk/its_time_for_me_to_be_done_with_alcohol/

Please bear with me if this gets long this is something i've wanted to do for a while now...I've been lurking here for about four months now and just that has been so helpful in getting myself to admit i have a problem and start working to resolve it. I've been drinking heavily for two and a half years pretty much since right after i turned 21. I would always tell myself that it was just a phase that it happens to everyone right after they can legally drink and would go away after a few months. Boy was i wrong. Somehow i've been lucky enough to never get in trouble with the law or lose a job regardless of all the stupid things i've done because of alcohol. My mom commented on my drinking and i just lied to her about the amount and frequency. My girlfriend expressed the same concern and caught me red handed telling her i only had half the drinks i actually had that day. I don't want to hurt the people around me more that i already have I feel awful about it. ..Over the last few months its been getting easier to resist downing 8 to 10 beers or more every night but its definitely a struggle. I would give it up for a week or 2 at a time but then just fall back into drinking for another 3 weeks straight after that. I tried moderating but i have no idea how people do that. I drink to get drunk plain and simple. After these last few months of slowly getting myself to drink less i'm ready to give it up for good. All the wasted days and evenings hangovers wasted money wasted opportunities from simply being too tired to care and all the other negative things that come with consuming that poison stop today...I was a Track and Field star in high school and for a short time in college. 6' tall and 175lbs of solid muscle has turned into 220lbs and being winded going up just a couple flights of stairs. It hurts so much just to see myself type that. I don't even know if i could run a mile right now. For the life of me i cant figure out why i gave all of that up for alcohol. Addiction is a horrible thing i wouldn't wish it on anyone...You guys seem like a pretty great group of people and i definitely plan on sticking around. I am proud to not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I will not drink with you. :) SD has been helpful af. I  really hope you stick around. Sending you good energy &amp; positive vibes. You got this. 
Hi there and welcome.  You can do this!  There's some good information in the sidebar --&gt; reading infomation and the badgebot for requesting a day counter if you'd like one.  ..I was really wary of deciding to not drink.  I have never regretted the decision though.  I will not drink with you today.
Welcome! I spent a long time lurking too before I made the dive to join in. There really are some great people here. I'm proud to not drink with you today also :)
Welcome! Running is supposed to provide incredible benefits in recovery...I'm a heavy smoker and have only run while being chased but I am trying to make myself do it now. Slow and steady you'll get stronger and I believe you will be able to get wherever you want to go!     
Welcome.  I wish I quit when I was a young pup like you.  I think it's lovely that your Mom and friend expressed their concern.  I won't drink with you today.
Congrats on catching it early! I'm 10 years older than you and am just now getting to the place you are. Just imagine 10 years of wasted time and bring too tired. Stick with it it will change your life!
