-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6egnf7/i_dont_know_anyone_with_a_substance_abuse_problem/

The psychologist I've begun seeing told me this when I said that I had been using alcohol as a way to self-medicate my anxiety. I would not have described myself as having anxiety while I was drinking. Once I got sober and once the pink cloud lifted my anxiety came at me HARD and it has become the second most pressing challenge of my current life (behind staying sober). After reading a lot of posts here I realize that I'm not alone in struggling with anxiety after quitting alcohol and it is comforting to know that this isn't uncommon.  My anxiety is gradually getting better but it is something that I have to work on every day. It won't get better on its own or with passivity or arm-chair self-help. It is only going to get better if I work on it day after day through the pain and discomfort just like how I'm staying sober through vigilance and self-awareness. This is just another hurdle life has thrown at me and I choose to address it head-on without covering up my discomfort with alcohol. If you're feeling anxious stay strong and know that it can only get better as long as you're not drinking!
----------immediate responses--------

It does get easier! Whenever I'm feeling like giving up I just remember what a ball of nerves I was for **months** after I quit. There's *no way* I'm going through that again! Stay strong we've got this! 
I never had anxiety before I started drinking.  I was just in it for the parties.  But I drank long enough that I developed anxiety and then I started drinking more to keep it at bay.
I've been depressed and anxious for years--it escalated as my drinking escalated. I've often wondered if I would have gotten my shit together years ago if I hadn't been drinking--alcohol allowed me to pretend I was okay and put the hard work of taking care of myself off. I'm really trying to prioritize my mental health now than I'm sober. I know it's not a magic bullet but I think this is the long-term key for me to not *want* to drink.
Sobriety hasn't cured or even really alleviated my anxiety per se however being clear-headed &amp; present means I can try &amp; tackle it more effectively. I'm gradually breaking out of my old way of thinking I'm sick I've always been sick I always will be sick fuck it where's my bottle of magic medicine. Now I try &amp; look at it objectively as a problem which I can solve break it down &amp; look at it closely as in what am I feeling anxious about right now? What can I do right now to disarm this fear? It's easier to start taking those monsters apart when I'm not weakened &amp; beaten down already by alcohol.
Thanks for this! My pink cloud lifted and I've been struggling with anxiety and depression. Feeling really strong urges to binge something - food alcohol cigarettes you name it. Trying really hard to maintain awareness of that. 
I've was definitely doing something similar.. now that I've stopped I can feel my brain again. Along with all the other feelings  I'd been trying to ignore.
Interesting way of looking at it. 
I look at my anxiety (and depression) as chronic issues that I will have to manage for the rest of my life. They were causing problems in my life long before I ever took a sip of alcohol...I would say that even with three years of sobriety I still have periods of anxiety that are just as bad as when I was drinking.  I had periods like this before I started drinking too. So that makes sense. And I still struggle with poor coping mechanisms in relation to my anxiety...The subtraction of alcohol from my mental illness equation has made some things smoother -- it's easier to recognize my moods before they escalate and the ups and downs of my moods are a (bit) more level and shorter in duration. The positive coping mechanisms I've developed are more likely to be successful too...I wouldn't necessarily say my suffering itself has decreased though. And I'm always going to be like this in some shape or form.
Yes or depression or inability to deal with your emotions at all. I get the trifecta!
You put this the best way possible. Its crazy how much I have read posts here that am the same way as me with the anxiety. I never would have thought I wasn't the only one that was like this. It sure makes me feel that much more capable when so many others have over came such. Thanks all for you stories tips and everything else. 
I've realized recently that I've had anxiety since I was a child but could never articulate my feelings.  By the time I was an adult and capable of reflecting and communicating I discovered alcohol. Now I'm reflecting a lot on both anxiety and alcohol. ..Thank you for this post. It really resonates with me. 
I feel like this is pretty accurate.  I think that drinking massive amounts of coffee for many many years contributed to my anxiety.  When I stopped drinking the anxiety for worse and I decided to kick caffeine.  That has made a huge difference for me.  And I actually found some decaf coffee that is pretty good.  
Social anxiety was a huge reason I began drinking and continue to drink (2 days sober now tho yay). It leads to loneliness and low self esteem but then again drinking eventually destroyed my self esteem and social life  
Anxiety depression self-loathing or all of the above...Honestly for me and I guess a lot of people it's an unhealthy coping mechanism that we've learned and used to distract/avoid what's really going on...I tell myself the little bit if the high really outweighs the tiredness hangover etc... Just to avoid all those shitty feelings that keep popping up...Unfortunately the more I avoid the less I address the underlying issues and the more I self-perpetuate the self-loathing and on and on.
Same here anxiety and depression. Once sober eventually I even needed some medication...Happy to say I now am pharma free the last few years thanks to some major self work and lifestyle change. Coming up on 10 years without a drink too!
I've been sober for 7.5 years and today when someone asked about my anxiety I told them I am always anxious like it was the first day of school or a first date or a new job. It never goes away but it gets easier and you develop healthier coping mechanisms. 
Having put some proper thought into it the main reason I drank was to quell anxiety. I never knew it at the time but it's the reason nonetheless...Since stopping drinking my bouts of anxiety have calmed down. When I do get an episode it doesn't last as long as it did whilst I was drinking and drowning it in booze. By the end one of the main reasons I drank was actually caused by drinking regularly...It's no way to live...
For me there is a lot of truth in this. I mostly used alcohol for stress relief or to deal with anxiety. It's been a real challenge to learn better ways of coping but my psychologist has helped a lot. I hope you're doing well and I'll be not drinking with you.
Same for me as other posters.  I'm not sure if the anxiety was the cause or the result of my drinking.  I think it was the later.  In the end I gave up caring about figuring it out as it has no impact on what I need to do to have a productive life today.  I'm focused on going forward.
Yes!  When I was drinking I could't understand how people had anxiety I would just tell them to relax.  Once I got sober and started explaining what I was feeling to a therapist she said that what I was feeling was anxiety.  ..My anxiety has gotten a lot better now that I have been able to work on it and recognize it!
So just as there is a difference between depression and being sad sometimes there is also a difference between having an anxiety disorder and being anxious about something...I think it's probably true that most people who self-medicate are doing so because they are anxious about something in some way.  However being anxious about something and then not dealing with that anxiety for years at a time has a pretty good chance of turning very unhealthy.
