-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ek6wd/feeling_down_maybe_depressed/

I've been feeling really down the last few days. I struggled with depression about 10 years ago but since then i've only been really depressed following a binge. I've been hoping it's just a bad mood and I've been trying to snap out of it but I'm not and I'm really afraid it's my depression creeping back in. Everything just feels unmanageable and hopeless right now even though there's no real logical reason for me to feel like this.  The good news is that I'm not thinking about drinking to make it better. I know that will only make it 100 times worse. It's just really exhausting to even think about talking to my doctor or finding a therapist or any of that. Anyway I've gotten through it before I know I can do it again. I was just really hoping it would just go away but I really think it's clinical. Ugh. Depressed mood for two weeks is the standard time before my doctor will really look into treatment so I'm making an appointment tomorrow for two weeks out and hopefully I'll be able to cancel by then. I need to exercise and eat healthy but I just want to eat sugary crap. Okay thanks for letting me gripe for a bit. I'm not drinking with you all tonight. (It is a pretty big victory that I'm not even considering self medicating with alcohol so I am pretty proud of myself for that!)
----------immediate responses--------

Great thing to be proud of. I like how you say looking for a therapist sounds exhausting. That's how I feel.  Hang in there tonight. Maybe you will feel better in the morning. 
I always get really terrible anxiety whenever I'm feeling down that I'm going to feel that way for the rest of my life. But once you look at those things rationally you realize that emotions are temporary and its just your brain getting a little jumbled. ..While this may sound trivial and invalidating the best advice I've ever gotten was to "just chill". Give yourself some space to feel your feelings and worry about it later. ..That being said when the feelings start getting unmanageable or last more than a week I always turn back to therapy and it helps. 
I know it sucks.  Hang in there.  It sounds like you're doing everything right.  I'm having a hard time with the world in my own ways.  It feels like I picked a hell of a year to quit drinking.  We can do this though.  We are proud and not drinking together!
It could be clinical it might not be. I've been a really happy person my whole life (granted I'm only 20) even when I was drunk. However after I stopped drinking I started feeling empty sad and felt like life has no meaning. Alcohol re wires and fucks up your brain. Have you looked into PAWS? It could be that. But also it could be clinical so do not hesitate to talk to a therapist if the thoughts get too out of control. .And remember happiness starts from your stomach it's where your brain gets all its chemicals from so I would say for the 2 weeks leading up to your doctors visit eat reallllly healthy and see if that helps. Goodluck op! 
BTW I would set an appointment with a therapist rather than a doctor a doctor is 9 times out of 10 going to prescribe an anti depressant while a therapist can help figure out why you're feeling that way and help you talk things out and get better. 
My moods have been really up and down. I saw my Dr. a few days ago and she said in early sobriety a lot of stuff comes up that we were attempting to drown out with alcohol. Exercise will definitely help I'm also finding mindfulness meditation is helpful.
