-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6elvh4/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_dealing/

The guard at the gate had our gate pass already located made a joke about us being the double A team and we were admitted into the alternate universe where the hangovers last indefinitely...The leader of the group  I'll call him 'Anton' had this week gotten notification he'd been turned down for parole yet again...His hangover has been going on since 1986 when a joint and then a drink and then a relapse ended a year of being dry - and a night of very bad things happened.  In the past he's said "the worst thing about prison is when you wake up in the morning and realize where you are - and why."..He spoke of his disappointment but said that his anger (towards the system and himself) had been tempered by the tools he'd learned in AA.  He mentioned that he'd been unexpectedly able to help another man who also had been "hit" by the parole board unfortunately this is something he is becoming an expert in.  ..He talked about acceptance and then coming back to his cubical to find a correction officer tearing it apart in a random search for contraband.  The CO claimed he had too many T shirts - and took the extras - yes there's a rule for that.  And Anton kept his mouth shut did not stand on his 'rights' and did not end up getting the disciplinary write up that would have followed...Another man a newcomer to this facility shared that he had been clean on the streets but that after a year had said "I got this" and a sip here a beer there - "led directly to me being here; going to prison when I was 53." He was glad to see that there were meetings here...The topic was a bit loose but generally was using the tools of the program (which BTW are not unique to AA the Dali Lama says them all the time) to deal with the shit that goes down around these men on a daily basis.  Acceptance understanding that the other people in your face are in the category of "things I can not change" and making the most of the moment were all mentioned.../preachybit This is true outside of prison too. There are people and things in my life that I can not change.  I can spend my time being pissed off - butting heads - even being right - or I can deal with it by not renting space in my head.  I can make the most of the moments I am given and a lot of them are good - so long as I don't spend them being pissed off about something or other. preachybit/..On the ride home my partner in this and I were able to talk about what a gift being able to do this is.  Each week these guys are glad to see us and tell us that.  For some of them we are the only people on the outside who know and care about them.  There is one man who speaks very little English who comes every week to pick up what he can and I think probably to get a hug both before and after the meeting because he hugs hard and long... and this may be the only contact he gets - you just don't hug in general pop. It's a little thing but it's not - not at all...
----------immediate responses--------

Beautifully written. Thanks for sharing. 
I look so forward to these Slip. The paragraph on /preachybit? I love it and I intend to work on this area in my life right now. Thank you! :)
I like these too Slip and I save them in a file. But this one has me crying. The thought of not being free scares me. I like my freedom.
Thanks so much Slip...I'm going to pay *Real* attention to some hugs today and practice that going forward ......    too easy to take a hug for granted.
"Not renting space in my head..." This I take with me today and I thank you.
So true about acceptance. At the end of the day the only things we can control are what we do and what we say. 
very eye opening. if you dont mind can i ask how you got involved with this program 
I always look forward to reading this post...
So simple but so much wisdom always...Thanks for sharing your prison posts.  You always manage to get the message out in a 45 second read.  Amazing.  It really is! 
curious but how long have you been locked up?
Thanks for posting. I always enjoy reading these. It's a good reminder when I'm struggling.
Powerful stuff. Lots of ideas in there to unpack and consider. Thank you for taking the time to write this up with so much attention to the nuances of these meetings.  Really enjoyed reading this one. 
