-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6eocjj/sentencing_today_18_months_later/

Well today is the day. A lot of mixed emotions but the overwhelming feeling I have today is relief. ..For over 18 months this dark cloud has followed me - through all my progress all the joy peace and happiness has been followed by a sigh and realization that this is not over yet. The birth of my son 3 weeks ago has been the most difficult - the happiest days of my life has been shadowed by today. I have been in a mental prison waiting for conclusion to this situation so that I may move forwards. ..But today starts the end. It also starts the most difficult part - but it is the first step towards the end. ..I've posted this before - but to recap unfortunately my case was not just a simple DUI. I hurt people - a young man was caught in the crossfire I abused police officers hospital staff and the community as a whole. I was charged with 7 felonies and 3 misdemeanors on top of the DUI. ..I took a plea deal that dropped all but 1 felony and all misdemeanors besides the DUI. Vehicular Assault and DUI is what I will be convicted of today. I am a felon. ..I will probably be spending the next 4-6 months of my life in a Work Release program - sleeping in a jail cell each night going to work each day. Missing the moments with my Son and unable to provide support to my wife with him. I'm very hurt by the thoughts of what I will be missing. I feel like I have failed them. My wife says she forgives me because it all happened before he was even a twinkle in our eye but the forgiveness for myself is not as easy. ..But I am thankful for all of you - I am thankful for AA. Because of these things I don't have to miss the rest of the story. I will be there for the rest of or lives and I can be the father I always wanted to be. I have been given a second chance at life and I am so very grateful for the opportunity. In time I'm sure I will learn to forgive myself. ..I'm not sure if they will be taking me into custody tonight - I am hoping for a week or so to start the sentence - so I can't promise an update tonight but soon. ..To those struggling - I want to say this: there is nothing in life that is solved by taking a drink. There is nothing in life that is too tough to deal with sober. It seems like that at first - but for me the feeling dispersed quickly. Alcohol solves none of my problems it only creates more. Talk to people get involved even if it's just online on this page. Nobody can understand what we have gone through better than us. Be accountable. These are the things that have given me a second chance at life. You too deserve a second chance. ..God Bless you all and I promise I will not drink with you today! ..UPDATE: Sorry for the late update guys I spent the last 23 days in county jail. I finally got Work Release (I can leave for work each day but return each night to the jail to sleep). Its another reminder that I can make it through any of life's curve balls sober. Serenity through sobriety is a beautiful thing. Here's to more days not drinking with you all! 
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck to you my friend. What an amazing transformation you have done.
Thank you for your post.  You are clearly not the same person who committed those acts 18 mos. ago.  You have changed for the better.  Congratulations on your transformation and I wish you the best of luck.  I will stay sober with you today. 
Your post touched me deeply. I wanted to say something profound for you - luckily Gandhi said it better:..*"The moment the slave resolves that he will no longer be a slave his fetters fall. ..Freedom and slavery are mental states."*.. .
