-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6erc1k/significant_other/

Tried to talk to wife about drinking and urges.  She has no idea what it is like ... she has been by my side but the more I try to explain urges and relapses it seems to upset her more.  ..Anyone have any tips on talking to the significant other?
----------immediate responses--------

I was never able to talk to my SO and feel like she understood. What helped her the most was attending ALANON. She was able to be around people who understood what she was going through. I started going to AA and found a lot of comfort and understanding that I couldn't get anywhere else. 
I eventually made my sobriety my thing.  I lost the need to talk about it with others.  Sometimes I felt like it was sabotaging my success.  I did talk about my sobriety with people like me in meetings though.  They understood.  I agree with /u/fuckyourpoliticsman about alanon.  That can be very helpful for normies who want to understand people with addiction.  
I found those kind of discussions frustrating for my wife and me both. I guess I realized or decided that she did not need to understand. She needed me to get better. Eventually urges and cravings were gone and it became less of a thing for me to feel the need to talk about. ..My mother wanted to understand but I couldn't explain it to her either. I didn't think I was crazy when I was drinking and resented the AA's steps calling for a restoration of sanity. The longer I am sober the more I realize I was actually insane. Crazy ain't easy to explain. 
I learned it was not the best idea to expect understanding and support from a spouse or SO. My best support came from my therapist and AA. ..Your wife can get support if she is interested in Alanon see /r/Alanon a support group for friends and family of alcoholics.
My wife still doesn't understand that completely but she accepts it at this point. Al-Anon was pretty helpful for her. She saw a counselor for depression who also works with substance abuse issues and that helped some too. I try to be honest about it with her as well. I hope you and your wife find a solution. 
I had to come to the realization that my wife is not my therapist. She loves me and wants the best for me but trying to explain all this addiction stuff to her...she just doesn't have the tools nor the role in our relationship to take the brunt of this like I was expecting at first. This journey is mine alone as far as our relationship is concerned. She celebrates my victories and is protective for sure but she doesn't understand my struggles in a deep way. ..I don't really expect her to at this point. She is one of those normal drinkers who drinks half a beer in three hours then doesn't finish it. One of the strangest concepts known to us SD folk!
