-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6evfqa/suffering_the_consequences/

Hello this is my first time posting. ..At the end of march I got a dui when my husband son (2 1/2 years old) and I were coming back from fishing and grilling out. The way the cop got me for a dui was questionable but I did fail the breathalyzer -.099 - I was not innocent I was driving over the limit. Have an interlock device in my car so I can still drive. ..I have still drank a few times since that night even drank to a point that I really shouldn't have. Every time I've regretted it. I feel that I'm not able to make responsible decisions when alcohol is involved. ..Talked to my public defender yesterday and learned that because my son was in the car I may be charged with dui and child engagement aka child abuse. ..I already struggle with anxiety and depression working to get the right balance on my Meds right now. We are always behind financially this whole situation makes it worse. I'm ashamed of the choices I've made. I love my son to infinity and beyond and I can't believe I made such a utterly foolish decision to drive the car while intoxicated with him in it. My husband isn't a great support system he "doesn't want to think about it" but it's all I can think about. ..Trying to do my best...one day at a time...it's been a week since my last drink. I am choosing to be done with drinking. Besides being so ashamed alcoholism runs in my family. ..I don't know what I'm expecting from this post. I just feel like I'm drowning from life and needed to get this out there. Looking into AA meetings where I live. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am truly sorry to hear about your situation. Rock bottom is where you stop digging. Rock bottom us also the foundation on which to rebuild and you sound like you are right on the very edge of beginning a new life. That is scary but also exciting. You are in control of your destiny.
So sorry to hear of your struggles. We've all been there at least me. I have two DWI's and in Texas no less. I've struggled with sobriety since I was 18 I'm 35 now. ..I stopped drinking 4 days ago for the first time in about 3 years and it's been utter hell. I'm in a good place career wise and I've seen how much I've spent in alcohol alone. One month I spent $700. I know that one good thing that will come out of my sobriety is more money! ..Before this recent dive into alcohol I would go to AA. At first I went voluntarily but the court ordered. I recommend it. It puts into perspective your struggles and allows you to see other alcoholics who I'm sorry to say have it worse than you. For me it made me appreciate what I have and what I've accomplished. There's people out there who have nothing who have lost everything and who refuse to change who still suffer. ..As I read on this sub from all the fine people in it: It starts within us. It is a desire to stop drinking and begin rebuilding yourself. Welcome and Good luck!.
Hey thank you for posting. Yeah sure that may have not been the best decision - but look how much you've done already since then and in quite a short time. Truly the hardest most difficult hurdle for me was accepting that change is necessary because it felt so critical - like what is so wrong with me (nothing of course until I'm half a bottle of gin down :)) surely there are others that are worse - for me and look at them carrying on why can't I - that was (and still is) a toxic loop that can lead me to relapse. You might have been drowning as a consequence of some past decisions but now you are hanging on for dear life and that's you in the now not the past you. Right now you are not drinking so that is one less thing to be guilty and ashamed about. And that's a really big deal. So I really congratulate you on having been able to make that decision and on sticking to it especially when it sounds like you might not have as much support as you might like. So hats off to you you're on the right track don't give up and and there is so much support and advise here that you can reach for any time you feel the need. All the luck in the world to you.
