-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f1n2z/bragging/

At a wedding the other night I felt bad after I realized that I might have come across as bragging about being able to quit and sustain it. Someone asked me if I was OK to drive my friends home from the reception and I said "I haven't had a drink in two years!" It was meant as a joke and people received it that way with a few other people telling me "good job" and stuff - but I felt like if I was struggling to quit (and someone who heard the joke might easily have been struggling to quit I don't know) it would make me feel a bit guilty. So I guess I'm just wondering - has anyone else felt this way? I don't often talk about the fact that I don't drink - only when it explicitly comes up like in this case.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't bring it up either unless I'm asked.  But if I'm asked or it's relevant I have no problem telling people and I am proud about it.  I hope it can inspire others who may want to quit.  When I drank I just assumed everything body drank and that life wasn't fun without alcohol.  I hope I can be a positive example of sobriety.
I felt ambivalent about it too and gave it a lot of thought.  ..Sometimes there are people who have a nagging suspicion that their relationship with alcohol is unhealthy. There are others who love an alcoholic but don't understand the nature of the condition and are conflicted and have nobody that can provide answers.  ..In both cases by letting people know that I am in recovery I can be helpful by being available to share my experience.  ..Who knows what the impact of your statement at the wedding might be. You could get a phone call asking for help. You may have planted a seed in someone's mind "Hey if bookdood can give up the booze maybe I should consider it.". And if someone was struggling maybe you provided them with inspiration to continue.  ..The only troubling thing about your post was that you're indulging a temptation to speculate on what other people are thinking. This never seemed to work out well for me. Most times I was way off base and sometimes I would alter my actions to influence what I perceived was their thoughts. Again this didn't work out well I ended up becoming a feather in the wind.  ..I can't control or even influence the thoughts of other people. All I can do is try to do the right thing lets the cards fall where they may and accept the outcome whatever it may be.
Brag on. 
I wouldn't consider this bragging. Be proud! You never know who you might inspire.
