-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f7p69/quitting_without_hitting_bottom/

Hello everyone first off please disregard my sobriety length I'm actually at 17 days and I'm starting to struggle to stay committed/motivated  again...The biggest issue for me I think is that drinking hasn't YET had a huge impact on my or my family's life.  I don't have any horror stories I'm still gainfully employed etc etc but I can definitely feel the pull of alcohol addiction and I don't want to have to have those things happen to me before I quit.  I want to leave it behind on my own terms...Any tips for pre-catastrophic quitting success?
----------immediate responses--------

I hear people in AA use the elevator analogy.   You don't have to reach the basement before you get off.  Well done on getting off at one of the highest floors.   I'm not drinking today and that's good enough.  Doing work around Step One is vital for lasting motivation.
As I was in a similar boat I can offer a couple thoughts...Foremost in my mind is believing that you're on the edge. What do I mean by that? Maybe it's best explained by a quick story...I like you have remained gainfully employed throughout this journey. However I went to a doc last August and was honest about how much I was drinking. He drew some blood and tests came back. Not dire but not good. He told me frankly that if I went on the way I had been I'd be looking at cirrhosis jaundice and DT's if I tried to stop anywhere from 3 years to 6 months from that moment...I have a good job. I drive a new car and I was never more than about $1500 in debt across all accounts. There wasn't a light bulb moment. Just the realization that I was literally (yes literally) killing myself. So I kept trying and eventually made a choice that whatever it meant I chose life over alcohol...Sober life scared me. But death and regret scared me more. That's when I knew. And I've stuck to it.
Always at the word..."yet"....."I haven't had a DUI...yet".."I haven't lost my job...yet"..Sure...a lot of people can go on drinking and being functional.  I did it for a long time but one never knows and I would rather not find out.
This is only my 9th day not drinking but I'll share my not-hitting-bottom reasons for quitting for what it's worth. Primarily it's because I've worked really hard on my health losing quite a lot of weight and becoming a runner. Continuing to drink to excess started to seem like too much of a contrast to my other goals of healthy living. But let's be honest--if I was so committed to my health why did alcohol still have any kind of hold on me? Because I was already in the habit of self-medicating and probably on the road to addiction. Even if it was only wasting an evening at a bar or drunk texting or ending up feeling more depressed/lonely after a night of drinking these were still things I regretted. I want more for myself.
Instead of focusing on what has or hasn't happened focus on what may or may not happen. Things like "If I'm looking for a new job opportunity I want to be in my right mind so I attract more interest while networking" or "I want to make decisions I am proud of and being sober maximizes my chances of doing so." ..I try to view it positively but you may react better to negative reinforcement ("I don't want to be hammered and embarrass myself at the networking event"). You can apply it as casual (waking up early eating good food) or serious (avoiding DWIs preserving relationships) as you want. There isn't really a long term scenario that benefits from continuous indulgence in alcohol except for indulgence of alcohol itself.
We quit digging when we put down the shovel period. Catastrophe doesn't need to be a part of the equation. ..I was what was called "functional" but my problem wasn't what I did but what I didn't do. I wasn't fully engaged in life alcohol was preventing that. So it had to go. ..Now I am very grateful to be spending my time and energy in healthier and much more rewarding ways. If I had known it was going to be this much fun I would have done it a long time ago. 
I could see where it was heading. That was bad enough so I said enough.
I think the key phrase I heard was " but I can definitely feel the pull of alcohol addiction".  That is the essence of the beast. It is slow and insidious journey.  I won't drink with you today.
This brings to mind the phrase "Quit while you're ahead". 
I feel like people choose their rock bottom if i could do things differently i would have quit when i smashed my face open walking home from a party or even better when i got a dui years earlier
Maybe it's the optimist in me saying this but I like to try and look at the ways I can become better in my life through sobriety than dwelling on the awful things I've done while drunk. I may not be the worst off person because of alcohol but there are a lot of things I've missed out on because of it and a lot of things that I could've done with my life using those resources funneled into booze. I'd like to think that it's never too late to do something great with my life and that's why today I'm not drinking
I waited to hit bottom so no tips from personal experience. But! I did just finish an amazing book that I think would help you a lot. *Understanding the High-Functional Alcoholic* by Sarah Allen Benton really opened my eyes. She talks a lot about how functional alcoholics have a hard time quitting because of the lack of hitting a "bottom". Many keep telling themselves they aren't "that bad" because they don't hit a bottom... well alcoholism is alcoholism no matter how functional someone is. And I was functional allllll the way up until I wasn't. 
I didn't have a rock bottom moment. My drinking had always been more like 'the death of a thousand cuts' for me. I think this is the reason why it took me so long to stop in the first place...I initially stopped for a month felt improvements and kept going. Those improvements keep on coming. ..For the first few months I started each day by checking-in here and pledging to not drink. I don't need to do that anymore the changes I've felt are motivation enough...
I'm in the same boat you are. I drink lots of la croix or caffeine free coke. I also just try to get used to the fact I can go to bed early. Just because it's Friday or Saturday night doesn't mean I have to stay up late and drink. I also crave sweets more so I treat myself with ice cream or coke or bake some interesting things. I play the tape forward and remember what an awful hangover I would have if I drank. All of this helps me a lot. 
If you are here it was bad enough...I don't have a "certified" low bottom. No arrest being fired evicted no ambulances never woke up married to a stranger no broken bones (except a toe) nobody named knuckles 'looking for me' but it was bad enough - thank you very much.
At a certain point I realized that catastrophe lurked around every corner and I had made myself very vulnerable to it by drinking. I didn't want to wait for the inevitable terrible thing to happen before changing.
You know I've never used tobacco in any form. From time to time a friend or a family member will offer me a cigarette or a go at vaping or a puff off of a fine cigar. Never taken anybody up on it. I've smoked a little pot but never tobacco...I'm well past the legal age and I have plenty of access and nobody's going to kick me out of my own house if I light up. I can certainly afford it. I've never had cancer or emphesema. I don't rely on a finely-tuned sense of smell and taste for my career nor is it vital that I be in peak (or even middling-decent) physical condition. I don't have any particular religious convictions surrounding tobacco use. I don't have major allergies or any tendency towards respiratory difficulty...I know that some smokers get a sense of peace and calm out of the nicotine rush. I know that some folks use it as form of self-medication. I know that in some cultures it's considered anti-social to refuse a friendly offer to smoke...It's still just not worth it to me to even try it. It was enough to watch tobacco kill two of my grandparents way before their time. It was enough to see the great uncle with the stoma and the voice prosthesis. It's enough to know that addictive tendencies run deep in my family. ..I damn well don't need it...Around 99% of the time I don't even really want it...And the 1% of the time when yeah I do kind of want to? That way madness lies.
I look at it like this there will always be a deeper bottom that it could be. Sure lots of people have gone further and been in a worse way.  I stopped when I was deep enough and sick of where I was...I love the cliche "rock bottom is just where you stop digging"..For me I think it was most helpful to keep positive thoughts closest to me. Focus on the good and reinforce occasionally with thoughts of how bad it could be.
Addiction is progressive which means the longer you drink the more entrenched it becomes. If you do have this problem you are going to have to face it sooner or later. Better to get it over with before it totally takes over your brain.
From the outside you would never really know I was an alcoholic. I drank about twice a week on average and when I drank it was typically 6-9 beers (and I am 6'5 200+ pounds). I was just like you though I knew if I didn't grab control I was going down a slippery slope. Some things that really help me:  .The biggest is my son. Like many my father was an alcoholic and I just don't want to be like him.  .My bank account. I went to a restaurant today and was shocked how much lower my bill was without two beers.  .Running is also HUGE for me. I feel great when I run but also if I feel the need to drink I remind myself I won't be able to run tomorrow.  .  .You don't need to be a fall down drunk to get better. Just find something to latch onto and go headlong into that. 
This sound familiar everything in my life seemed fine and till my health took a turn for the worst and it wasn't pretty. I envy those that stop early. Best of luck
I don't think I hit "bottom" but I was sick and tired of the cycle the shame the anxiety the broken promises and having a huge drag on my life. ..Not drinking isn't losing something fun/cool. It's gaining freedom from a stupid ass unnecessary substance. The sooner you quit the more good tile on this planet you'll have. 80-year old you will be mad at you for not doing it sooner.  
We're in the same boat in that nothing "bad" has happened. But alcoholism is a progressive disease and it's a matter of time before something bad will happen. That bad could be a DUI or liver cancer. ..You have to think in terms of how bad it gotten. I know for me drinking a bottle of wine or two a day plus vodka was going to lead to something bad. So why wait for something bad to happen? It could be more than I could handle?..So I think of all the good things that happen from not drinking. My health getting better being present saving money etc 
