-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6f8m02/i_need_support/

 I made an account so I could post...I am really struggling with stopping drinking. It has ruined my life...I am 37 almost 100 lbs overweight....solely to beer i know this...I work as a nurse on a complex behavioural unit for violent patients and am a single parent to an autistic son. There is not a lot of room for self care although I have been working on it. I also use these excuses as reasons to drink..." stress" but I have been telling myself that rather than use it as an excuse I have to tell myself that my patients  and more importantly my son deserve me sober....when I think about how hard it is for my son that of course overwhelms me....my heart hurts on a daily basis. ..My drinking has ruined my relationship with my family. I still have friends but I have caused so many issues over the years it's a wonder I still do... My boyfriend lives an hour and a half away. Yesterday he was coming down to visit for the first time in ten days. I had been counting down the days and was so excited to see him...Of course any emotion in me is difficult to deal with even good ones so to kill four hours I decided to have some lunch beers with friends...Which for me of course with no shut off switch means I got black out drunk...I have no idea what happened I only remember being in  my kitchen and him telling me he was leaving. He is now not speaking to me...I had made such a big deal about how we were going to spend the weekend sober just the two of us as I had been missing him... At least I don't have to deal with those feelings anymore....he's done... I used to be a daily drinker now I'm a black out binge drinker......... This is what holds me back in life i don't know what the fear is that holds me to it. It stopped being enjoyable years ago... today is day one. I don't mean to harp on the relationship issue I'm having but of course they are related....I need to stop drinking and of course with him not speaking to me all I want to do is go and drink my face off to deal with my hurt right now... I know life is better sober. I can do this. I have spent all morning reading through your posts...I don't know why I keep doing this.....
----------immediate responses--------

I feel every single word you've written and it goes straight to heart. So much of this reminds me of me and I'm a 35 year old male with no children but a fiance. I've had this experience probably in ten or so relationships. Empty promises that I break the morning-after "oh fuck" and panic/fear. I always told myself sobriety was better but most of me (80% I'd say) always deep down knew I'd go back to drinking; I was just in the honeymoon phase of enlightenment from fucking up (each and every time). I came to the conclusion that everyone else aside I had to want sobriety for myself for my life; to save my life. After all what good was wanting sobriety for everyone else if I was dead? Not good at all :(..##### &lt;Possible triggers below&gt;..Even as I'm typing this now I am having cravings. I'm thinking of the noise of cracking a beer that sound it makes. I think of all of the feelings and the rush of ice cold beer hitting my lips. That tingle that burn etc...##### &lt;Triggers over&gt;..I can't get it out of my head but in order to curb it I come here and I try to get these feelings off of my chest as well as respond to others in the hopes that they understand that I know what they are going through. I know times seem bad but each step in a progression moving forward is a good step especially without alcohol. You cannot change the past you can only shape the future by embracing and living in the present...*Internet hugs* I will not drink with you today.
Welcome!! I won't drink with you today. I really recommended reading Annie Grace's book (on sidebar) if you are getting started. 
&gt; There is not a lot of room for self care..Self care does take time but I've found that by removing alcohol I have a lot of free time. ..The stress of parenting is huge... I can only imagine the stress that autism brings. Mad props to you! I know that my patience for my 6 year old has grown leaps and bounds since I've gone dry. We now have much less tantruming and arguing going on. Part of that may be his age... but I know me not acting like a child has also been *huge* in this regard. ..Sobriety is worth the fight. I won't drink with you. 
Welcome.  I'm glad you are here.  The beauty is alcohol is a lot of calorie's and so when you stop drinking the weight can drop off.  I also find walking and deep breathing are very good to ward off any anxiety that might be creeping in.  Have you got a plan?  I won't drink with you today.
The first week or so was the hardest for me. I'm sorry to hear how much pain you're in but I can say that for me it got so much better than I ever thought my life could be.
