-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fadg1/my_friend_is_dead/

Ten days ago I stopped drinking telling myself that the "cleanse" would last until my birthday in late June. My reasons were one part vanity one part determination and one part oh-this-seems-like-something-I-should-do...I started drinking wine regularly ~5 years ago when I broke up with my ex. 'Twas traumatic and wouldn't you know the successor relationship ended up being even worse. So I drank to go to sleep because I couldn't fucking sleep. A couple of years after that I was single but my now bottle-a-night habit stuck around. ..And yet right up to ten days ago I was still waking up at 5:30 every day to go to the gym. I've never blacked out or driven drunk. I've never felt hungover! Rewarding career and I was "the responsible" friend...But when does a problem stop and start?..So ten days ago I made a change. Coincidentally ten days ago my friend started drinking more. Mixing with drugs. I didn't know because she hid it so bloody well. I live in a city filled with beautiful people but my friend was a cut above. Men literally stopped and stared as she passed. Women too but with envy instead of awe. And fuck was she funny. We would piss ourselves over the stupidest shit. She had gone back to school. She traveled the globe. From the outside in she was *living* life. ..In fact when I scrolled through her Instagram I was jealous. "Oslo this week? Must be nice."..But underneath everything she was depressed and had found a new group of friends who became her yes-men to the world's worst decisions. I didn't know it was fucking happening. Drugs alcohol depression anxiety. She attempted suicide (we found this out after the fact) was hospitalized and subsequently released. She could talk her way into and out of anything and her ability to compartmentalize her life/behaviors in hindsight was astonishing. Once back home she picked up the bottle again. Yesterday we couldn't get ahold of her called the cops and my friend who was in the area had to identify the bruised corpse of our beautiful soon to be 30-year-old friend...So ten days ago I stopped drinking stopped buying my bottle of wine a day to support my habit. Looking at my dead friend her pain is palpable. The air is thick with it and what started as an "Oh let's just try on sobriety for fun" has become "Look at what alcohol is capable of. Why did it take my friend? What the fuck GET OUT OF MY LIFE FOREVER." ..My friend's birthday would have been two days after mine later this month and I refuse to "celebrate" with her killer. If you're reading this and are struggling or are flirting with the idea of quitting or even acknowledging that you may be on the cusp of a problem...please join me in not drinking today. For you for me and for her.
----------immediate responses--------

My best friend died almost a year ago due to mixing oxy with alcohol.  She'd given up drinking for months and then went out on the town with an oxy addict.  She was found dead by her husband in their bed.
I'm so sorry for your loss. We are here for you. You are not alone 
My sympathy for the loss of your friend. Alcoholism is heartbreaking.  
I'm sorry for the terrible loss of your friend.  Your post is a great reminder of why I committed to sobriety. 
Not that it's my place to ask; but was she mixing alcohol with other drugs or did she simply succomb to alcohol?
I'm so sorry to hear that. My ex boyfriend died of alcoholic gastritis it's sad how much this disease can take from us. 
I'm sorry to hear about your friend. She went way too soon. Fuck alcohol.
[removed]
Sorry for your loss. Not driving bling with you today.
I'm so sorry to hear of your loss. I lost one of my best friends about a year ago to similar circumstances. I will not drink with you today!
So sorry for the loss of your friend. Glad you are here. Keep coming back. I will cheer your friend by not drinking today!!!
I am so sorry for your loss and for the suffering that led your friend to her decision.  Holding you in my thoughts today.  Blessings.
This is a post thats both sobering and a reminder that this could be me. I hope that doesn't come across as rude but that could have been me and could be depending on my choices  
It's heartbreaking news to hear about your friend. She sounded like an incredible person. The world will be a little less bright without her in it. My condolences. ..Too many lives have been lost or wasted due to alcohol. I won't let mine be one of them. Stay strong.
