-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6faqvt/63_days_sober_but_struggling_with_binge_eating/

Hey guys. I'm 63 days without drinking and I'm so proud of that. But I've basically replaced booze with junk food and I'm having such a hard time stopping. I'm eating boxes of cheez-its or entire bulk bags of M&Ms or multiple bags of microwaved popcorn in one sitting ordering pizza too often grabbing pastries every time I get a coffee. I know this is common for people who are new to sobriety and I'd love to hear how some of you dealt with this. I'm relatively healthy otherwise...I exercise 3-5 times a week and my meals are almost always on the healthy side but I just cannot quit this binge-snacking. Any tips stories or advice would be beyond helpful <3 
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate.. I've just tried to replace the unhealthy snacks with something a little better. Fresh fruits have been a savior for me. ..Good luck! I won't drink with you today! 
Congrats on 63 days! ..One interesting area of research to me is the connection between alcoholism and gut microbiome. The same applies to to sugar consumption and gut microbiome. The cellular count of "alien life" in our gut actually exceeds the number of cells in our body. The human body is really a composition of a whole bunch of different creatures...These creatures have a very powerful influence on what we decide to stick in our body and I predict that in 20 years the most successful treatment of alcoholism will be based around influencing the ecology of our gut and intestine. ..This is just a long winded way of me saying that the same bacteria in your body that thrive on alcohol (liquid sugar) also thrive on sugar sugar. Sugar even causes many of the same health problems as alcohol like non-alcohol fatty liver disease (if you're bored search for gut microbiome and liver disease)...Many people on this forum and I think alcohol addicts in general thrive on a low carb/sugar diet be it keto paleo or however you accomplish it. The net result is a change to the gut microbiome where the alcohol and sugar craving ecosystem is disrupted and degraded which generally results in less cravings (for sugar or alcohol) and overall better health and well being. 
I did the same thing. I was kind to myself though. I didn't beat myself up over it. I gave myself 90 days and told myself I would clean my diet up then. When 90 days got here I did just that. Now I'll eat a couple of pints of halo top (300-400 calorie/pint) ice cream with the family while we're watching movies or something. My brain sort of got inspired as soon as I committed to cleaning up my diet and it's been pretty easy since then. I don't have the cleanest diet but I did cut out all the binge snacking in between meals.
I can definitely relate. For me it came down to starting to implement small changes over time. I started to buy more fruit and I decided I would make my own lunch every day. I made sure I had a healthy snack at work every day and then I moved on to dinners.  I still crush some candy every once in a while but now it's the exception rather than the rule. 
