-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fdy0x/two_questions/

Hello dear sobernauts! .I quit drinking about four months ago and relapsed once after 30 days. It was a week from hell I went straight to my lowest point rapidly. Thankfully I was prescribed Antabuse and it really works (it worked for me before a year and a half ago but I stopped taking it as I "decided" to drink again. I never saw anyone mention Antabuse here so I'm not sure I'm allowed to say anything about it but if the discussion is ok- has anyone had any experience with it? Also feel free to ask me anything I'd be happy to share my experience. .Question nr2- I've been religiously reading SD for over a year (thank you all so much you're wonderful truly) and I've never seen any serious discussion about "being a dry drunk". Only recently someone explicitly mentioned they could be on their way of becoming one so I googled it and realised it was actually a thing. And a thing that describes me quite well! I am not a nightmare to live with anymore and my relationship with my partner is not suffering but all the other symptoms are there- extreme isolation (I don't go out I have no friends I don't talk to anyone except my partner) I literally find it difficult to get out of bed. I am not feeling actively negative or depressed (I used to have suicidal thoughts regularly even before I started drinking 10 years ago) I am just absolutely neutral about everything. Little to no emotion Zero excitment about anything. I thought I was just being lazy but the more I read about it the more I realised this is not so uncommon.  Has anyone else experienced this or knows anything about it? From what I see online it looks like therapy and/or attending meetings are the only solutions. .Thank you :) 
----------immediate responses--------

For me- stopping drinking but not working with others to repair what I did drinking understand my disease and learning how to live of life as an honest loving loved person would not have kept me sober. I'd have returned again to the "solution" of alcohol...In sobriety I have a new solution to get out of my own way and live. 
Hiya! .Yes I have been taking Antabuse now for over a month..Great stuff!.Tried to drink in the beginning and got scared to death!.Been 30 sober now! LOL
I'd talk to a therapist about the possibility of depression that's what your symptoms sound like to me. I personally don't find the term "dry drunk" helpful it feels to me like a judgmental term coined by AA. I attend Refuge Recovery meetings and have a yoga practice; both keep me moving forward and growing in my Recovery. Best wishes to you! Ps Antabuse is not a forbidden topic around here it's utilized by some on here just not often posted about.
Sounds like anhedonia. The inability to find pleasure in things anymore. I've experienced this on and off even though everything in my life is darn good. Great husband and family. Recently retired and so grateful for that opportunity. I hear about Kratom and people who swear it solved their drinking issues and also brought back some energy and motivation and returned a sunnier outlook on life. I started it 17 days ago and can't believe what a game changer it has been. Google it. I don't know why this hasn't gotten more attention. 
Thanks for your answers :).Yes it did seem unusually judgmental to me.. As in "if you don't attend the meetings this is what you will become". But reading about it did open my eyes to the fact that apart from eliminating the booze I haven't done much towards improving the quality of my life. I'll look into my options re therapy. .Once again thank you all 
Oh kratom.. Just googled it sounds promising. I live in the UK not sure where to find it but I'll.Look into it. Something I'd definitely try. Thanks!
