-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fgbao/keep_faltering_around_the_23_week_mark/

This is the fourth time in a row where I have just been through another 2 day hangover that has left me bed bound miserable anxious and feeling worthless. ..I'm 33 now and started drinking heavily around 20 years old. I always noticed back then that I seemed to have a much bigger capacity for handling my drink than my peers....I would go out with the boys 4-5 times a week and we would all get hammered. I would ALWAYS be the last guy to leave the last dive bar at 4-5 AM and would stumble back home take a day or two off from drinking then jump right back in to the cycle...At 6'4 and a lean trim I had a remarkable constitution and could smash ridiculous levels of alcohol and still appear totally sober. I NEVER blacked out in those days and never became a belligerent or out of control drunk. ..I could drink enough to down a pirate but without turning in to an ugly drunk and my body would bounce back without too much work on my part. Those were the days. ..I have always suffered with anxiety and depression and alcohol stopped both of those in their tracks and gave me the confidence and personality I always wanted. People LIKED tipsy/drunk me. All these things seemed great back in the day but we know how the story ends right.  ..Life continued and my drinking was always there. It took me YEARS to realise that I might have a problem and I wasn't just a young lad being a young lad anymore. I knew I was a heavy drinker but the culture was such that this was just seen as being one of the lads. ..I graduated to bottles at home and drinking alone before too long. I would pre-drink at home before going out to drink in the bars meaning I was already drunk when I walked in the place and would be the last to leave...I've known for some years now that my drinking is not sustainable. My tolerance is still super high but now my body takes the FULL toll. I feel like SHIT for a week after drinking. The mental issues are amplified and my personality when drunk has slowly changed over the years...I used to be in total control no matter how fucked up I was but now my personality changes and I become loud and obnoxious at times. Still nothing too terrible and I'm not that belligerent but It's definitely not my best self and I think many many people have never even seen my real personality not propped up by alcohol. I don't like who I am drunk anymore. I used to think it enhanced my personality but now I just make a fool of myself. I'm sure many people have a low opinion of me because of it. ..I've tried with limited success over the last few years to first curb my drinking (lol) and finally to stop entirely. ..This past Christmas eve I drank so much that I thought I would die. Christmas totally ruined and I didn't emerge from my self loathing and pain in bed until the new year had dawned. ..It's the time for resolutions right? ..I didn't touch a drop for the entire month of January. I didn't really have any cravings during this time but as I started to feel better I started to forget where even one drink leads me. ..Familiar stuff I know. ..Since then I've given up 4-5 times and each time I get to either 2 or 3 weeks without any trouble at all and I get complacent. ..I am totally isolated where I live and have only one friend I see these days (everyone else moved from this this place and went to do life) and that's based on bar hopping so I really don't have any friends and zero social life. I prefer that reality to the drunk one that sees me sociable but ultimately dead but I keep relapsing. ..After another 2 weeks sober that was ended on a binge that came on the back of three weeks sober etc I'm having to dig deep to stop this repeated cycle. ..Made a fool out of myself downtown on Saturday. Feel guilty ashamed depressed and the anxiety my God.. ...I'm just writing this up to get it off my chest and see it in writing. Hopefully I will be able to refer to my past self when these urges come back and make the boring but correct choice. ...I hate myself for relapsing again and again but I'll say this. Since I have been committed to sobriety since the start of the year even with the multiple relapses I do realise that I have consumed FAR less alcohol than I would usually over the course of 2017 so far and that's not nothing...Just because I have relapsed again and am crawling back on the wagon once more my attempts at sobriety have not been in vain at all. Ever minute of this past year I've consciously chosen not to drink has helped my mental and physical health...I'm not a bad person but I have a real problem that will kill me very soon if it's not addressed with vigilance and mental strength...I KNOW I can do this. I have to break out of this cycle. I was lonely and sad and the idea of spending another night at home alone with my lemon and orange water and leaving an invite to have fun with people in a social setting with all my anxious feelings and major depression being totally eliminated and replaced with mirth laughter and fun is a pretty difficult thing to reject. ..All that social fun and games and respite from my mental issues are just a temporary mask and you must pay in kind the next day. And the next day. And the next day. ..It's simply not worth it for me. I'd rather deal with my loneliness depression and anxiety sober than take a small vacation from those issues only to have the shit kicked out of my soul on my return...There is no real point to this post. I'm just posting it for catharsis. ..I'm brushing myself off again. I'm vigilant. I know that I feel like shit now but my body and mind will start to whisper that it's all OK again in 2-3 weeks when I'm feeling low on a weekend night...I need the strength to say no when that time comes and to read a book and eat a bowl of fruit instead of poisoning myself for 8 hours straight and collapsing in a pathetic heap of negative emotional and physical pain. ...Alcohol used to be the answer to all my problems. It made me happy for a time. But those days are long over and they cannot be recaptured. I feel that humans have a limit on how many units of alcohol they can consume over a lifetime before it stops working. ..Some light social drinkers (ones without addiction problems) can feasibly get to the end of a long life still enjoying the odd drink here and there without a single problem. For us addicts we front loaded our hard limit early and once it's hit you can never return to a state like it was when you first started drinking. ..It's a rule. I don't like it but it is what it is. Alcohol doesn't work anymore. I used the fun side of alcohol up years ago. Now it's just a sunk cost fallacy that is killing me. ..Thanks for reading if you got this far. The ramblings of my sober mind are preferable to the alternative at least. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Staying sober is hard as you know. I never would have stayed sober without the support of a therapist. I went to rehab outpatient and got involved in AA. Having help made sobriety easier and more fun. Sounds like you could use more support. ..&gt; If nothing changes;.&gt; .&gt; Nothing changes.
I used to relapse again and again between 2-3 weeks.  22 days was very elusive.  I heard on a podcast about alcoholism a few months ago that relapse is a symptom of resisting some aspect of your recovery.  For me - there was this tiny part of me always thinking Welllll maybe I'm not *really* an alcoholic.   I know I'll buy some wine!  We know where this goes......This last go around I started binge listening to recovery/alcoholism podcasts - which helped me get out of my personal echo chamber.  For some reason it helped me accept that that I am an alcoholic and also alcoholism is progressive - so if I keep drinking I'm going to keep ruining my life.  Period.  As much as I don't like it there will be no exceptions to that rule.  And so if that is the reality - then I have to figure out what to do moving forward.  ..Some days when I was really frustrated in the beginning I would just cry.  Sometimes  I would go to bed at 7pm.  Sometimes I had really awkward moments when I declined drinks when I went out with friends.  It totally sucked of course.    Once I got over the magical 22 day barrier I began to get a little more confidence.  I began to develop some better coping skills.  For me it wasn't a straight trajectory - I didn't lose 20 lbs or spontaneously become at amazing at everything I do.   My moods were all over the fucking place and sometimes I wondered if I would ever be ok.   ..I kept reading SD and listening to the podcasts.  Some people said that they felt a lot better at 90 days.  I hung in there.  I did feel better at 90 days but not amazing.  But I did notice there were little seeds beginning to sprout --  I had some ideas for a side business and I actually did something about them.  I began to try some new hobbies.   Nothing earth shattering - but again it made me have a bit more self confidence to keep going - I didn't want to give up now - what if "the miracle" everyone speaks of happens at 6 months or a year?  ..I passed 6 months a few weeks ago.  A year ago I would read about people who would constantly relapse and then be able to get 6 months or a year and feel depressed because I thought it would never be me.   Sometimes I'm saddened because I realize I had it in me the entire time but I just wouldn't get out of my own way - kept trying to keep one foot in the drinking world and one in trying to get my shit together world.  (Doesn't work.)   At 6 months I can honestly say I feel WAYYY better than I did at day 1 day 30 day 90.   I actually feel normal functional sane productive and creative.  I still need to lose the 20 lbs but instead of feeling hopeless now I just think - oh- I'll pick a workout plan and stick with it for 6 months and I'll see results.  Just like I did with drinking.   ..Anyways - this got a bit long.  My recipe for quitting this time was: listen to recovery podcasts daily check in on SD daily get a therapist (I used Talkspace online) and don't drink no matter what.  ..You can definitely do this!  
&gt; I feel that humans have a limit on how many units of alcohol they can consume over a lifetime before it stops working. ..&gt; Some light social drinkers (ones without addiction problems) can feasibly get to the end of a long life still enjoying the odd drink here and there without a single problem. For us addicts we front loaded our hard limit early and once it's hit you can never return to a state like it was when you first started drinking. ..&gt; It's a rule. I don't like it but it is what it is. Alcohol doesn't work anymore. I used the fun side of alcohol up years ago. Now it's just a sunk cost fallacy that is killing me. ..Whoa this is kind of profound. I'm going to remember this. I agree - I like the ramblings of your sober mind!..As someone who relapses after anywhere from 3 days to about 2 weeks I kind of understand where you're coming from...Thanks for sharing.
How about making a plan?  If there is nothing to do in town but drink why not go walking out in nature.  Do you have any old hobbies to resurrect?  If you are in the boonies you might like Smart Recovery online.  They have meetings. Their workbook is cheap $15 on amazon.  It is about teaching life skills and coping and boundaries. Strategies to get away from addiction. It is behavior modification theory I think.  There are a million options of things to do.  Could you start working out?  Learn a language?  How about cleaning the whole house and garage and organizing. Some people make a jar of things to do that they pick from when they get a bad craving.  I won't drink with you today.  We are here for you.  Thanks for posting.
I feel this. As a chronic relapser I get how your brain tricks you into thinking you can control it or even if you know you can't it's like something else takes over your body and walks you into a bar. The first few drinks feel like going home again then it's 5am and you're passing out in bed as the sun comes up and wake up feeling like shit. I have extended hangovers too and they fucking suck. I have found the reason I relapse is because I'm lonely/bored too. Hobbies are important as is support. I've not been able to quit on my own but the support of a sober network is crucial (as I've been told). I also take medication for binge-drinking called Naltrexone and that has helped some. Each relapse is another kick in the ass I guess. Best of luck.
