-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fk7zu/desperate_for_some_advice_i_want_my_family_back/

I have been avoiding this sub for a very long time.. hoping my mom isn't an alcoholic.. giving her the benefit of the doubt. It's come down to me really needing advice...History: when I was a child (I'm now 27) say 7-10ish age my mom used to drink a lot and would stay up all night getting belligerently drunk. It was very damaging to me and I remember how much anxiety I had as a kid because of it. She finally got to the point of having severe panic attacks and ended up in the hospital. She was diagnosed with general anxiety disorder and panic disorder and was medicated for a long time. She quit drinking and I lived a slightly normal life after that...Currently I moved back home a couple years ago to pay for school. I have a healthy relationship with my family and I also have an 11 year old brother who I adore. My mom was a severely obese woman 3 years ago and lost a ton of weight after gastric bypass surgery. She was happy for about a year and everyone was thriving. About one year ago my mom started binge drinking alcohol again. ..Now that I'm older it's all very real to me. We thought maybe it could be related to the surgery (not absorbing her SSRI) so we blamed it on that for the longest time. She became severely depressed and suicidal. It's been almost a year of a roller coaster of her being okay and then starting to binge drink again and switching medications regularly...I feel as though my dad is very tolerant and easily manipulated by her... I think she is an alcoholic. It runs in the family and every single person has struggled with it. She fights with me about drinking and lies.. and does stuff like driving my brother around when she's drunk. I can't go through this anymore. I feel like I am the responsible parent...I know she has severe depression but could she also be a straight up alcoholic? How do I get my dad to get on board with it instead of blaming it on her depression? I can't let my family go through this anymore. Everyone is suffering especially my brother. He cries all the time and it's devastating to watch that. ..I personally feel like she is in major denial and is an alcoholic. She hides massive amounts of liquor everywhere and drinks to the point of blacking out. She has my dad wrapped around her finger and he will believe anything she says. She cries a lot and says how sorry she is and how much she's trying.. but I don't completely think it's all because of depression. We've actually had to take her keys from her for long periods of time so she doesn't go buy alcohol while my dad and I are at work (she's a preschool teacher and works part time)...Someone please please give me some sort of direction. I just want my family back.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry that you are going through a tough time. I related to some of your story. I am a 27 year old (alcoholic female). Mum doesn't drink that often but when she does drink it is binge drinking and her personality immediately becomes aggressive and antisocial. Dad is codependent timid and submissive. ..In childhood Mum would annoy and scare me and the siblings with her drinking and the nonsensical angry ranting that would bring. She once forced me to come in the car with her while she was drunk (until I convinced her to stop). The only time she ever snapped out if it was when I wrote her a letter as a kid. It is not uncommon for her to act out and embarrass the whole family in public or find her passed out nude on the floor at home...I wouldn't label her or anyone else an alcoholic as it is a realisation they have to come to themselves. Luckily I made the realisation early this year that my drinking was problematic and I completely changed personality to come self- and other-destructive in a highly violent manner. So I took steps to arrest the halt of my disease by beginning to work on the AA program. ..My advice would be to keep in mind that you can't change anyone. The only thing you have control over is your reactions to others' actions. The only thing that will help her now is a spiritual awakening and you personally can't do anything to bring that about. It may be helpful to visit Al-Anon meetings around your area and work their program but I'm obviously speaking from the other side and have no experience  in this area.
I am so sorry you are going through this...As someone who had an amazing mother who later in life became an alcoholic (which ultimately led to her death) I urge you to seek outside help. ..My thoughts are with you.
Sorry to hear of your situation...Alanon is a great resource for you...There is a body if research investigating the association of GBS with alcohol abuse.  I'd speak to a medical professional...
My heart breaks for you and your brother. I would do everything in my power to get him out of that situation and get your mom some actual help. You're a good daughter. You and your brother deserve better. I am so sorry. 
You can probably get a lot more help at alanon /r/alanon here on reddit.  It is an organization which helps the family and friends of alcoholics to deal with their  condition...In short its program teaches the 4 C's          .you did not Cause it.     .You can not Cure or Control it.        .however inadvertently you can Contribute to it (by enabling)   ..There is a lot more - it uses the same 12 steps as AA and has given me and many I know a great deal of help and comfort (if only to know they aren't so alone. how others set boundaries etc.)
I have heard of a strong correlation between the gastric band and developing alcoholism. I'm not sure if that's exactly what your mom had (difference between that and gastric bypass?) but coupled with your early memories of her heavy drinking I think it's safe to say that she does need help. For now the best thing you and your dad (if he is willing) can do is take care of yourselves and your younger brother! Al-anon and ACOA are both support groups that are attended by friends and family members of alcoholics. Unfortunately as many here can attest alcoholics/problem drinkers really have to want to change for themselves before they can get better. Take care and keep us posted.
