-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fm2tm/disturbing_story_of_a_life_lost_to_inner_demons/

Edit: *All too common* my inner grammar nerd won't let that slide ..I had to get this out as it's been on my mind since I heard it yesterday. I was giving a co-worker a ride home from work and we began chatting. We do not yet know each other too well and she began to tell me the story of her husband's passing a year ago. After struggling with depression/addiction he took his own life by overdosing on his prescribed medications. She described in detail for me the overdose incident witnessing him doing so with their small child in her arms. ..He was a young man not yet 40 with a successful career.  He actually worked in the same field as my sister and we knew many of the same people. You never know what another person is struggling with. Everyone tries so hard to maintain an outward appearance of being fine and having a great life but it's often not true and that is okay. Because we need to help each other be there for each other. So that things like this don't happen...I think one reason my co-worker shared this story with me is that I was open with her in talking about my not drinking. I am so thankful that being sober has changed my life positively for the better. It has allowed me to be truer to myself which has brought me a great deal of inner peace.  It has allowed me to connect authentically and meaningfully with those around me...I have long struggled immensely with depression and anxiety. I attempted suicide once and for many years after continued having thoughts but knew I wouldn't do it because of my family. In being sober I now truly do not wish myself dead. I haven't been able to honestly say that in years before stopping drinking...I am not quite there yet but I would like to use my sobriety as an opportunity to spread awareness and fight stigma around mental health and substance use issues.  I owe it to others to help them to feel not alone to help them love themselves again and to realize how worthy they are to be alive...Thank you for reading and allowing me to get these thoughts out. I will not drink with you all today. ..Love.butt_dance
----------immediate responses--------

*Too common...my inner grammar nerd won't let that slide 
Hey girl - what a touching post thank you. My thoughts go out to your colleague that must be so difficult. ..I love this: .."I owe it to others to help them to feel not alone to help them love themselves again and to realize how worthy they are to be alive."..For me having the opportunity to be there for people that are suffering is such an amazing gift - one that I would not be able to give back if I was not sober...As always thanks for spreading the love and kindness around here! xoxo
Thank you for sharing.  How sad.  The part about he did it with his baby in his arms and his wife watched is surreal.  The depths of sadness to do such a thing is really really so sad.  I won't drink with you today. 
What a great outlook for life you've been given by your sobriety :) I'm happy that you're doing that rather than drinking. I will not drink with you today :)
stigma slayers are the best. 
Awesome post! It's a wonderful thing when we allow ourselves to be open and vulnerable and it's all the more beautiful when someone feels comfortable enough to do the same around us. Plus I had to laugh at the end...after reading this moving and inspirational story when you sincerely signed off... Love Butt_Dance     You're a gem!     
This is beautiful. That's so sad about your co-workers husband. It's true... you never know what's going on in someone's life. ..I still feel very "young" in my sobriety but like you I'd like to use my past as a tool to help others. There are so many people who get caught up in addictive behavior that could be avoided with just having someone to lean on and talk to. ..I wish you the best of luck. I will never drink with you. 
Hey BD! Good to see you! 
Thank you for being the way you are and doing this.  There might be nothing sadder in the world to me when I see someone struggling with a mental illness or something in their life and refuse to deal or share it because they feared being seen as weak.  It's so much more common to run and hide from it then it is to share I hope you can be a small part of changing that. 
I'm always surprised at how open people are about this "taboo" topic when I open up to them. My mormon dental hygienist told me her mom (also active LDS) is in recovery from either benzos or opiates and mormons are notoriously secretive about addiction. A lady at PetSmart told me her husband killed himself because of his addiction...Everyone knows an addict and just about everyone *loves* an addict. Silence literally kills. I try to be as open as possible about it without sounding too much like the guy that can't stop talking about AA (I can't stand that guy either) because I personally used to half hope that the booze would kill me in my sleep every night so people close to me could call it an accident.
Well said but the end - Love butt_dance made me crack up .. .
