-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fpyjs/reflections_after_a_year/

Today is my day. After a hypomanic episode which began with swearing off alcohol and ended 4 months later with a flight to Santiago Chile I've struggled with depression and thoughts of drinking for many days. But I don't do it. The smell of a beer makes me feel the sickness of a hangover and I'm genuinely not interested in drinking anymore...It's so fucking dumb..Pouring money and years of life into a chilled beer glass for temporary mouth-pleasure and relief from the current moment's uncomfort and the stupid thought that the only way to enjoy the rest of the day or night is by drinking fermented sugar until I start slurring my words...How much more money do we waste on police jails and hospitals taking care of everyone buying into the concept that the only way to enjoy today is by being the drunkest one in your friend circle?..It's so much easier not being hung over all the time. I don't know how I did it so many mornings...I think about drinking almost every day. I still feel that it could make the night more exciting the jokes  funnier friendships deeper. If we're all drunk I might even get laid...But every time I don't do it. And every time I am so fucking glad not to have. And every time I'm amazed by how fulfilling it is to not drink. ..365 days of controlling my addiction. I have so much more work to do but damn it if I'm not proud to be a member of this club...My name is Elliott and I am 32 years old..The time we spent not drinking together has been irreplaceable.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats dude. This is a huge accomplishment. I am only at day 3 a year still seems so far off. 
Wow a year is so great and inspiring!  Congrats. :)
Congratulations you are a rock star! 
I'm climbing the hill behind you! It is sobering (word of the year! Ahhhhhh!!!) to think about how stupid the whole thing really was. I just quit vaping this week and was reflecting with my husband on the years spent smoking and drinking on the porch. I remember sitting out there with my third glass of wine and god knows which number cigarette very clearly thinking I was trapped. I'd be tied to this shit forever. .Not so for any of us. Congratulations this is truly huge. We get to live our lives now. Many more years to you!
Beautiful!  Congrats to you on one year &amp; beyond!
Happy Soberversarry my friend!!
Way to go Elliot congratulations!!  It is pretty amazing when you look back at it.  Stay strong stay sober.  
Happiest one year wishes to you!  That's amazing.  I'm proud to be not-drinking with you today.
Congratulations Elliott! You've come so far! I hope you're really proud of yourself.  I'm proud of you.
Hi Elliot!  Nice to meet you.  Congrats man you are laying the foundation for a beautiful life I wish you the best of luck moving forward. 
Congrats on your year Elliot!
My hat is off to you.  Congratulations on achieving a big milestone. I won't drink with you today.
Congrats. Everything you said - I relate. I am almost at a year. And I still think about drinking almost every single day and am relieved to wake up without a hangover every single morning. .Great job on a year. It's not easy but it is possible. Keep it up! 
Hey Elliott big congrats to you my friend. I can't wait to see how I feel when I am at a year. I also don't know how in the world I managed waking up for YEARS every morning hungover as shit hating my life. People like you inspire me to keep going thank you for sharing. 
Thanks for the post Eliot. Some of your words really hits home. I will not drink with you!
This was a great post thank you. 
I feel similarly in terms of how often I struggle with it. This is something that continues to disturb me. I've accomplished a lot of pretty difficult things in my life but somehow quitting drinking was the hardest of them all. Very disturbing.
Yay
Happy anniversary Elliott! And many happy returns. 
Congrats mate
Congratulations you're an inspiration! :)
Congrats on a year! I am trying  very hard not to get sucked into feeling too much regret for time and money and life wasted drinking and smoking...What's done is done but shit! What a waste!
Congratulations! It certainly isn't easy but it's worth it right!?..I struggle with similair thoughts about the nights being more exciting jokes funier etc as you mentioned. ..For me this year has been pretty dull in comparison to my previous drunk lifestyle. I lost most of my friends and acquaintances as a result of my sobriety and am still trying to figure out who sober me actually is. There is a certain freedom in that I suppose... I feel like there is hope and a potential for happiness as opposed to the panic attacks confused mornings shame dread and health issues that came along with all the "fun" I was having. ..Here's to another day another week and soon enough another year!
Woo! This rocks. You're the man now dog.
Lovely poignant post Elliott.  Keep on keeping on brother.
Well shit man.  Congrats! One year is a big one. Great to read your reflections. 
It must be so exciting to make it to a year. I know I'm taking it day by day but every time I read someone's post about reaching a year I'm so excited and inspired that it could be me one day. What a feeling. 
Congrats on 1 year sober - such a huge accomplishment - can't wait to join you someday. Also thanks for a great post!!!
*raises fist* thank you for being an inspiration
Well said.
So proud of you.  And I can totally relate to how you described still having the urges but not doing it and how proud that makes you after.  Thank you. I needed to hear it.
Congratulations! I'm new on SD and on day 3 of my sobriety journey. A year and a half ago I decided to have a few beers after 2.5 years of not a drop of alcohol.. after that night I drank a month later..slowly my moderation turned into 2 to 4 times a week drinking up to 10 beers each time. It has been humiliating and the hangovers are there EVER time now. It's sad because my kids think "mommy is sick". No I'm hungover as hell! I just read This Naked Mind and I know this is the way to go. Thank you for your story and congratulations on a year!
