-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fqw8m/i_find_that_not_drinking_is_hard_because_life_is/

The struggle I've encountered since I committed to not drinking revolves tightly around the fact that I have a hard time living with myself the way that I am the things that I say the things that I do. Life is hard and drinking guarantees a feeling of relief albeit a temporary and unproductive relief. But in a way I've enjoyed how hard it has been because I get to prove every day that I don't ever need a drink to get through it. That's pretty sick...I have a sober friend that I frequently send my thoughts to about it. It's amazing to me that I still feel so strongly about it almost two years in. I personally feel that is proof of how profoundly rooted my relationship with alcohol was. And now I can't believe I climbed out...Statistically I drank a lot but I never really felt myself to be an alcoholic. I don't know really whether I was in too badly or not. But regardless I consider quitting drinking to be the hardest thing I've ever done in my life which is bonkers. The whole thing is unreal to me.
----------immediate responses--------

I should probably resume keeping a journal lol
Omg your first sentence resonates with me so much. I feel awkward ugly and weird and do and say weird things because of my anxiety. Anxiety is 100 times worse when not drinking but goes away after a few weeks sober or a few months. Ah I think you're amazing for making it 2 years. You are my inspiration. 
Life is hard and the world is a messed up place.  I sure feel a lot better about myself since I quit drinking.  I'm not really ecstatic about life but I don't loathe myself so often.  ..Glad to not be drinking with you today.  
Life may be hard at times but how does drinking help it become easier? When I encounter tough situations and my previous learned behavior is inclined to drink I write down the pros and cons of drinking in such times. When I see that There isn't really any pros I can make the logical and rational decision to refrain. Hope this helps and know that we are here to help
Thank you for posting this. I've been trying to figure out my feelings lately and you hit some of it on the head here. I often joke about it being a tough life but ... It certainly can be. And add self-doubt in there and it's over. ..I've been thinking about that relief from myself lately... I may look into meditation. 
&gt;I don't know really whether I was in too badly or not...I feel like if you want to get out you're in *enough.* Right? I relate to how you feel about drinking - it chemically provides "relief" that is instant and doesn't take a single stitch of hard work. Usually we have to work pretty hard to get a comparable dopamine rush so the fact that this one just...comes in a bottle is both hilarious and dangerous. ..Quitting is really hard. And kind of unreal. And we did it! :).
I know how that feels even 34 years sober I still get that once in a while and it sucks.  But now it doesn't last that long and I have tools that work for me.  I know I am an alcoholic and in spite of also being an athiest I have the great fortune of discovering a mindful practice using the tools in AAs big book.  I think the distilled experience that translate to a person who isn't an alcoholic but wants to stop drinking and experience a more satisfying life is still captured in the principles of AA to live a life that is honest compasionate peaceful and transcendent of self-will.  In my experience this can can only done by practicing those principles daily with other people of a like mind...Good luck happily not drinking with you today...Peace..M
Life is hard regardless of whether or not we drink.  I just deal with it better.  
I just said to my husband last night how hard this is because the world feels so heavy so I completely empathize and commend you on two years sober. I have a hard time imagining myself at your milestone. 4 days has felt like an eternity because alcohol has been my friend for so long. I feel like I lost a best friend and piled on to my loneliness but I'm willing to take it on and see happens. Keep up the hard work!!
I would echo these thoughts exactly were it not for AA.  The steps in AA have taught me to be forgiving of myself understanding of others and to work to continually improve when I falter.  Without that acceptance things would be much much harder.
I've been there too. I was surprised at how hard the first two weeks were. Thought it would be easy because I had convinced myself I wasn't an alcoholic. ..Life was super tough then too. Living with an abusive (ex) husband running away to a shelter continuing graduate school finding a new job.....and all the while I didn't realize how I constantly turned to alcohol to numb the crazy. ..Stay strong friend! I will not drink with you today. 
Truth. To quote DMX (yeah I know lol):.."To live is to suffer. To survive well... that's to find meaning in the suffering."..This journey definitely has had its rough patches but I'm all glad that I'm sticking with it and making the daily decision to not drink. We can do this   
Loneliness finds strength when we don't enjoy our own company.  I feel like a 19 year old kid in a 40 year old body sometimes because of the way I act.  The only time I feel like an adult is when I'm at work.  I have 20+ years of stunting my emotional growth.  I recognize that it's still better than being a drunk.
Yep. I drank to turn off my brain thinking it would make life easier. Just made it infinitely worse. ..Let's not drink together today
Agreed life can be brutally hard sometimes. One thing worth mentioning is to not let the internal narrative of the 'way you are' become too engrained/fixed...Nothing is permanent everything (including you!) is constantly changing and evolving. If you don't like the things you say and and do you can change for the better if you work towards making different more mindful choices...Meditation has been huge in helping me realize this about myself. Happy to share some resources if you're interested.
"I don't know really whether I was in too badly or not. But regardless I consider quitting drinking to be the hardest thing I've ever done in my life"..This is the definition of in too badly to me...I feel for you though. Seriously. I'm worried about this kind of existential angst. Like my body has just decided "whelp you're going to be a drunk for the rest of your life because I can't take this shit anymore"
