-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fv5tn/3_years_sober_maybe_my_story_can_inspire_you/

3 years ago I went out for a typical night with a friend. I was supposed to work at 5 the next morning and didn't show up. I also showed up drunk to a different workplace. That was my low point. That night after not showing up to work I showed up to an AA meeting and sat in a corner scared and depressed. In the coming weeks I went to meetings and apologized to my bosses and told them I was not drinking. I don't know if they believed me or even if I did but I decided I had to sober up (at least temporarily) to keep my career. .At that time I had a great career that I was ruining I suffered depression my finances were a mess and I pretty much hit a point where I would drink alone and order Chinese take out every night (until they stopped delivering to me because I often passed out before they showed up). I had basically become a depressed shitty human being. .When I hit my low point and temporarily sobered up (or so i thought) I started to see small changes in my life. A few months later I decided to fix my finances (which is easier when you're not wasting tons on alcohol). Then I decided to start cooking and eat better. In 3 short years my life has done a complete 180. I'm no longer in debt (in fact I have a pretty kick ass retirement savings since I've gotten super-into personal finance) my depression has pretty much gone away (I still have bad days occasionally but they are few and far between) my home is very liveable (no longer embarrassing to invite people over) and I am in an amazing relationship that I never thought possible (I hated me so I expected no different from guys I dated)..The reason I wanted to share this is because I kept drinking because I thought there was no way out of the hole I had dug myself into. Getting out was so much easier than I expected. It's been a domino effect. One good change led to another. All it took was to not drink today. Whether you're at day 1 or day 101 if you're struggling just know it gets better and easier! The better it gets the easier it gets so hang in there and just for today don't drink. You owe that to yourself :)
----------immediate responses--------

"The reason I wanted to share this is because I kept drinking because I thought there was no way out of the hole I had dug myself into. Getting out was so much easier than I expected. "..Thank you for this. Relapsing's been hard. .I so badly want to keep stringing the days together this time. I won't drink with you today.
Getting out was so much easier than I expected too. I look back and I was trapped in a prison cell and all along the door was open I just needed to try opening it.  I had just assumed it was locked...Congrats on three years!
Wow congrats! This was really inspiring to read 
Thank you so much for sharing that. Well done for not drinking and for being an inspiration  
Thanks for sharing your inspiring story.  I'm early in on this journey.  Still posting a lot every day.  My hardest thing is get up and go.  I'm doing better...house is clean....but for instance now I need to walk the dog and then go weed my garden patch so I can plant.  It is already late on the garden.  I'm fine once I am in motion but I struggle to get up and start.  Any tips?  I won't drink with you today. 
