-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fyxpa/130am/

At that time I woke up from a 7 day bender... Most of it spent asleep. I bagged up the 5 empty bottles of Captain Morgan rum left lying around. .I've been struggling to quit for some time now I managed 10 days a month or two ago. .The last 7 days now feel like hell. I've not eaten. I've ignored all of my calls probably ruined my relationship with my girlfriend and my body feels like a battleground. .I've not drank since around 8pm last night & I feel like crap. Not hungover crap but broken crap. .I don't want to drink any more... 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there too it sucks. Hang in there you can make this be the lowest point and only get better from here if you choose to. When I was in a similar situation I set very small easily attainable goals like take out the crazy amount of empty bottles laying around and when I accomplished that one I set another. Slowly the goals got bigger and bigger and with each accomplished one I felt a little better. 
now is your chance....
Rooting for you really am and many others here too! Maybe let the fog clear and then just take it slow and easy. Just maybe stop the normal routine (of buying booze) for this next one day and regroup. Just this next one day. Come back. We're here to encourage and cyber support as much as we can. Big cyber hugs buddy
Sounds like me not long ago. If you are at the point that you know you are broken That's a start! There are a lot of us here that can relate to your situation. Be strong And don't drink with us today.
I feel like crap as well. I have been drinking water and watching tv for the past ten hours. I should try and sleep but I only do intermittently and then lay there sweating. I feel for you. Best of luck. 
Like I said I've not eaten in days &amp; did wretch a bit last night... I've had about five pints of water today... Need to eat though. I know it's going to hurt like he'll heartburn etc... Any suggestions of what to eat? 
