-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6fzqvm/its_my_bloody_birthday_and_im_not_drinking_some/

Last year I was a bit hungover and I was unbelievably sad. I was living somewhere I didn't like I was working a job I had little enthusiasm for. ..I remember I couldn't get the washing machine to work. I sat and cried on my BIRTHDAY about LAUNDRY. Jeez - depressing...I remember how stuck in drinking I was then. The next day I went out with a friend and I remember how anxious I was to drink. Will I go crazy? Will I manage to drink normally? I patted myself on the back as I managed to drink two G&Ts and go home. But it wasn't right it wasn't normal that I didn't know when one drink would turn into ten I knew then that I couldn't control it...Now I don't drink at all. I haven't drank in 9 months. I remember seeing people on here with 200 plus days and being in awe I can't believe that is now me...What have I learnt?..Drinking pretty much sucks. I don't remember a time in the last year of drinking where I didn't wake up in utter anxiety and panic. I had become a messy drunk I would start the night with one set of friends and end with another - searching out anyone who would let me keep going til I couldn't stand anymore...Hangovers are just awful - I did not realise how much hangovers suck out of your life til I stopped. Now I can handle every day. I don't have to make calculations about 'oh can I do this on this day because I might drink the night before'. That is a sucky way to live a life being a slave to a fucking liquid. ..Since I quit I found myself again. I am all me. I found a job I love I climb mountains on the weekends I go to gigs and experience the music really experience it. I have friends who have never met me drunk!..Recently I had moments where I started to feel my fight going. Alcohol suddenly seemed appealing again. I have a weekend away next week with friends and my brain was set on getting me to ingest some poison. But I realised something I could drink at any time I could go out right this second and drink alcohol but I CHOOSE not to. I am in control now. I choose what goes in and out of my mouth...I can't even imagine being drunk anymore - what was that even like? Slowly losing myself over the course of an evening slurring not being able to walk making friends with any person who would give me a smoke...Fuck that. To use the trainspotting quote: (I) Choose life! ..I could write forever about stopping drinking there is so much to say. So here is the main point - its not easy a lot of people around you will drink its hard to be the lone sober person at the party but you can do it because you get something they don't - you get to experience life as its supposed to be - raw. No drink to get over stress no drink to celebrate no numbing ever. And that can be scary but its also fantastic. ..SD is honestly one of the most wonderful places in the world. I wish everyone could be so positive so forgiving so honest about their struggles. I think everyone could learn something from being this open. Thanks all for being there and posting and doing your thing. You rock! Even when it sucks you rock!..Finally I live in the UK so a final word to all my British sobernauts - if you could vote today as a gift to me that'd be awesome. I don't care who for just do it. ..Anyway - stay awesome SD! Here's to many more sober birthdays. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yee haw! Awesome post! I think you're spot on nothing is stopping me from drinking once the stores open up. I could be drunk all the time and live under a bridge if I really wanted to. But it's up to me and I'll choose life! Oh and Happy birthday!     
Happy 30th!!! May you have a fun and awesome day!
Happy birthday well done on the no drinking. A great NDV! And I will def vote today!!! 
Appy bloody Birfday Chalkyfish!
Happy Bloody Birthday!! What a difference from last year!! I hope you have a lovely day and enjoy a wonderful celebration...Congrats on 276 days!!!!!! :) &lt;3
Cheers to many more sober birthdays! And to participating in governmental elections! :) ..I will not be drinking with you today. 
Happy birthday! You are an inspiration to us all!    
Happy Birthday! You're a champion! Keep choosing life.
Thank you for posting this! And a very very happy birthday to you.  Reading this really inspired me that I am on the right track. It gave me hope that I will be where you are in a year-ish. I am still that person with the anxiety the job I hate and the inability to picture life without poison. In awe of people like you with their badge number so high as mine has only ever been to about 45. ..Thanks again for this. I won't drink with you today. And again a very happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday and congrats on 276! You rock!
happy birthday mate. i'll have a cup of tea with you to celebrate.
Happy birthday!! 
Hey it's mine too! 25 today also won't be drinking  
What a great post. Happy birthday!!!
Happy birthday and congratulations! I'll be not tipping one back in your honor today.
May you have a wonderfully happy birthday!!!
Thanks for sharing.  Go you!  I won't drink with you today.
Happy Birthday - best present you could give yourself. One day at a time. Thanks for the post.
Happy birthday and thanks for sharing your story with us. Very inspiring! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Well done Chalky!..Speaking of voting most of my FB feed is filled with people opening bottles of wine to watch the election results come in. That used to be me but no more...
Awesome post! and happy birthday chalkyfish!
