-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g16c1/relapse/

Two days ago I relapsed after 270+ days right before the 9 month marker. I wrestled heavily with the idea of it but ultimately caved in thinking it would be a 'one-time exception' and that id be under control. ..Well fortunately it was just one time but I most certainly wasn't under control. It was actually an awful experience. I drank pretty close to the amount I would normally have drank in the past but my tolerance is clearly much lower. I ended up puking my guts out and feeling extremely awful for about a full day. In hindsight I'm grateful for this bad experience. It serves as a good reminder that I am truly powerless over alcohol and also that getting drunk isn't all it's cracked up to be. I'm hoping that this awful experience will help me objectively view alcohol as the poison it is (note that I RARELY threw up during my drinking days) and stop romanticizing it. ..Anyways my wife has been supportive in this. She was very hurt and disappointed but she in a way understands the turmoil I'm going through. This is a tremendous blessing in disguise because it's a wake up call that I MUST be taking better care of myself in all healthy aspects but primarily mental and spiritual health. This morning I kick started my morning routine where I got up did a quick 5 minute workout got in the shower and then spent time meditating being still and some quiet time with God. I've been meaning to start this routine for a long time but this is finally the wake up call that I needed. ..Also I can't do this alone. I've tried various support groups in the past but never gave a good faith effort. This Friday I'm going to check out a local AA meeting. I'm looking forward to the opportunity to learn from others have their support and be supportive of others. Any of y'all have some suggestions for this AA meeting?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry about your relapse but sounds like it was a good learning experience.  I can't answer your question about AA since I've never been but I believe there are tons of posts here about it and other's experiences you can probably find and read..Thanks for sharing and good luck.
Kudos for 9 months of sobriety. I don't know how you did it without support. I could never have stayed sober without my therapist and AA. Meetings put me in touch with others who wanted to stop drinking. It was comforting and gave me hope to see long-term sobriety in the groups. You don't have to share at a meeting if you would rather just listen. ..Check out /r/alcoholism. See the sidebar and scroll down near the bottom where you'll see information about AA meetings. ..I'm glad you made it back; many don't. You did more "research" and have taken a great step by posting so honestly and by planning to get help. .Having a support system made sobriety easier and more fun.
Welcome back.  Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.  I never went to AA but I did go to a bunch of online meetings at Smart Recovery.  Smart Recovery has a great workbook too.  $15 on Amazon.
I'm not an AA person but one thing I was told that I found really true check out a few meetings are they each have their own vibe. You may need to try a few before you find your group. 
