-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g1ga5/how_do_you_get_used_to_falling_asleep_without_a/

For the past couple of months I've been drinking nightly to get a buzz so that my brain shuts off and I can fall asleep (I've had insomnia for years). Now that I've decided to stop drinking I'm really struggling with the racing thoughts before bed. Anyone have any tips on how to decrease the time it takes me to fall asleep?..Also I know the basics.. I don't drink anything that contains caffeine I try to go to bed and get up at roughly the same time daily I don't have screens on for 30-60 mins before bed etc. I've tried melatonin but I miss the hell out of feeling slightly drunk at night.
----------immediate responses--------

Melatonin. Bought a bottle at Trader Joes and took that every night 30 min before I wanted to fall asleep...Step 2: Take the phone and or laptop out of the bedroom buy a book or read a magazine..Worked wonders for me.
Try an app for sleep. There are hypnosis apps that helped me sleep. Try sleeping time tea. Go to health food store and look for valerian. 
I struggled w/ insomnia and bad sleep for decades and also had gotten used to "turning the lights off" w/ substances at night. Getting over it for me it took time and cardio. But about two months into sobriety I got that 1/2 woozy super tired feeling again like when I was younger. It had been so long since I had felt that it was like meeting an old friend again. Getting there was difficult and I had many nights where I didn't sleep much (or at all) but w/ the good sleep hygiene practices you've mentioned above it is possible. ..Lately I have been doing no tv no screens put on meditation/relaxation music and focus on my breathing. I don't think I make it more than 4 or 5 minutes of that now before I'm out. I find that the meditation music and focusing on my breathing helps to distract my mind and slow/stop the racing thoughts. After that it is just melting away into dreamland. Also lavender is a nice calming scent if that is something you think you can get into.
It is a herb. It assists with relaxation. Valerian is included in many "sleep" teas. 
Exercise in the morning and I mean EXERCISE. Like a full body workout on a rowing machine or run for a few miles. So a moderate-intense cardio workout eat dinner at least three hours before bedtime and maybe have some sort of sleepy time tea. Clean sheets maybe a shower before hand slightly cool room if you really want to make it easy listen to congressional hearings to put you out. 
Natural Calm a magnesium supplement does wonders for me. It's available at Whole Foods and on Amazon. I sip it just before bed.
The buzz killed my sleep.  Every morning at 2-3 am I would wake up when the BAC got down and my brains counteracting up chemicals were still there and woke me up.  Sleep is so much better. I won't drink with you today.  1 hour before bed I take melatonin GABA and Valarian root.   I won't drink with you today.
I try to keep my room clean not go on my phone or laptop in bed and write down a few things that I'm grateful for every night.
When I was in high school I had to deal with a very difficult roommate who would set up alarms at odd times and as a result I suffered from chronic insomnia for 2 years. I slept no more than 4-5 hours in a 24 hour period for the whole 2 year period without respite. I tried sleep inducing medication yoga and different kinds of techniques and nothing really worked until I came across tapping techniques in which one stimulates their Chinese meridian points in the hope of releasing some blockages. Whether it has any scientific basis or it is merely a placebo/self-hypnosis the first day I did this [exercise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyW-b6zKaIw) I was able to sleep like I used to normally.
