-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g6dcf/needing_help_again/

I can not afford rehab at this point nor do I have the availability to do it. I have bills child support and probation that if it isn't paid I go to jail. I undestand it is a self will thing but I feel myself slipping back to the ol' bad ways and although I am not "terrible" I just need some support. I sort of gave up but hey here I am now. My question to my fellow peeps is simply What can I do different? What did it take. I want to live from outside those bars and sober. I want to be the best daddy and husband I can be. Just a rant. You guys have helped me to an extent that can not be explained. I suppose it is because this community is always here for me and I am truly grateful to have this thread backing me when I can tell no one else of my faults. P.M. me write on here I am eager to hear some responses from the vets who struggled time after time such as myself. Thanks for letting me vent and reading folks.
----------immediate responses--------

If you want to be who you wrote you want then commit to it and do it. There is no secret to it other than don't drink. 
I stopped "struggling". I stopped digging new bottoms I put the shovel down and admitted to myself finally that I cannot drink safely. Then I started a 12 Step program and I did the work. For me it is about taking actions that I wasn't used to. And it was no longer "self will" nope. I suggest a 12 Step program such as A.A. if you really want to stop. Good luck you can do it. I drank for 36 years but when I was ready to stop I couldn't I had to change. 
Hi there.  I don't have any great words of wisdom here but I do like the saying "you're under no obligation to be who you were 5 minutes ago"  Sometimes that helps me when I feel the pull between old habits and real goals.  Writing down my goals really helps me too.  Not just career goals but like you said parenting goals what I really want my life to be like etc.  I then write how alcohol effects those goals.  It's just one thing that really helped me.  ..Another thing that I found useful was to check in to SD in the morning and either do the I won't drink today thread or find someone to comment to that I won't drink with them.  It actually helps me to have said that to someone. ..Another thing I found useful was to plan and execute fun sober activities and excursions.  Having something awesome to look forward to something better than drinking really made life a lot easier for me.  It helped to avoid FOMO and made me realize how little I actually did when "socializing" with alcohol...Best wishes.  You can do this.  I will not drink with you today.
I like AA because it is free and most of the time even though I don't talk much someone says something that makes me quit stressing about whatever i was stressing over.  Every meeting is different and sometimes it sucks but generally someone says something that i needed to hear that day.
What can you do different? What did you do that didn't work? Have you tried group methods? Medical methods? Changing old habits/friends? Here's what I wish someone had said to me years ago: "Don't wait until you hit rock bottom. You'd be really surprised how fucking low it can sink. Do it now!" and it starts as always by simply *not drinking today*.
I went to a meeting.  I immediately found people who understood what I was going through...I got tools resources and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to learn to live sober...I've never been happier.
Sorry you're struggling. I've found that support in real life at a place like AA has made all the difference for me. I realized I don't have to do this thing on my own. Have you tried any meetings like AA SMART or Refuge Recovery? Glad you're here. 
There is an immediate benefit and relief to the problems listed: "I have bills child support and probation that if it isn't paid I go to jail." by simply deciding not to drink. It is just one little tiny decision.  Isn't that great?  Have you read This Naked Mind?  It's free link to download in the sidebar.  It really puts alcohol in a different light.  It is a poison that has been heavily marketed and brainwashed people to think it is cool and fun.  I won't drink with you today. 
