-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6g8sho/has_anyone_else_struggled_with_sleep/

It's been over two weeks since I got drunk and every day this week I've had a hard time both falling asleep and getting a full night's sleep. It's frustrating but I imagine it's a part of the recovery process. Has anyone else struggled with this and if you did what helped you get a full night's sleep?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes and honestly I just embraced it - Its part of the process and means your body &amp; mind are adapting the "horrible" (HA!) shock you gave it. I will bet even though you aren't getting a full night's sleep YET you are sleeping &amp; feeling much better in the morning than when you "fell asleep" or rather "passed out" with alcohol(?) I just stayed up late on the computer (yeah I know the screen lights don't help you to fall asleep but I just accepted it was going to take longer anyway so I just used the time to do what I wanted) Same thing if I woke up during night and couldnt go back to sleep for a while I would just get up for a while to watch tv get on computer read whatever - If Im going to be awake then Im going to do something I enjoy instead of lying in bed "trying" to go to sleep. It WILL get better shortly though for certain 
Try magnesium in caplet form.  It's natural and it works.
I still am. I've always been a lousy sleeper though. I wake up if a flea farts. 
smallie127 has the best advice. I'm usually awake till 2am. I used to go  to bed and lie there frustrated. Now I play fallout or horizon till 1am and then start the wind down process by reading or watching a show..Try to embrace it. That mindset was the best thong for me :)
I take it you don't have kids at hime?
Yup  it's really common to have trouble with sleep.  It took me months but I finally have the best sleep now.  During the sleepless times I used over the counter Melatonin low dose.  It helped but gave me crazy weird dreams.
it takes awhile to recover relative to how often you drank and how much. Insomnia is a common symptom of post acute withdrawal. I have sleep troubles as well. exercise cold showers and eating healthy will all help you sleep better. i specifically recommend walking at least 2-4 hours a day exercising with weights or sprinting at least 3 times a week and taking a cold shower around an hour before you want to go to sleep.
[removed]
I did and the only thing that helped was time. As my body reset itself everything fell into a routine. Took about a month or so. 
YESSSS. Have had some amazing sleep and also some horrible sleep. Seems like some aspects of sleep are better and some are worse. 
I really had a time falling asleep. Still do. One of the things that helps me is having an object near the bed to fixate on. Mine is a sand artwork in a mason jar. I stare at it try and focus on just that. Let thoughts come and go like noise but keep pulling toward the object. Sort of a meditation thing I suppose...I also recomend trying to stay away from blue light (tv internet) and try to do something like puzzles. Or do a small fix on a bike or car. A sense of accomplishment to think about. How your house is cleaner. Anything like that is positive well being...I purposefully steered clear of melatonin and all the other things I depended on. My thing was valium. Better living thru medication. Things to cure what alcohol ails you. At least try positive things first. Good sleep comes soon and the little victories are the best!
I use lavender oil and honestly a sleep mask. Keeps me calm and forces me to keep my eyes closed. 
I had it really really bad.  I came to this conclusion the worst that can happen is that i fall asleep 5mns before my alarm went off...And when I wake up after not getting enough sleep  i think about how horrible i feel and remember that i feel nowhere as bad as a how i felt when hungover. 
