-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gait0/new_here_could_use_some_advice/

Hello fellow redditers of /r/stopdrinking!..I've been an extreme alcoholic the past 5 years. It wasn't uncommon for me to finish a 750 mL handle of vodka every 2 days and I would constantly drink on any occasion - whether I was sad mad happy stressed etc. I think at this point...I really want to try quitting altogether and I've attempted it many times but relapsed again and again. I ran into this gem of reddit recently and read some inspiring posts. ..Does anyone have good advice on how to motivate myself to stick it out and not relapse? This might sound bad but the longest I've stayed sober was 1 month which was 3 years ago. Nowadays it's a miracle to last 1 week...Thank for the advice in advance!
----------immediate responses--------

Counselling is very good as well as AA. I was drinking the same amount as you and those have helped tremendously. You have to want it 100%. Do it before you loose your family house or job. 
I found that I couldn't do it based only on my willpower.  ..I'd make promises to myself.  Change my mind the next day.  Break those promises.  Then I'd have guilt about my word and doubt about my willpower...Turned out I only needed some support...I went to a meeting.  I immediately found people who understood what I was going through...I got tools resources and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to learn to live sober...I've never been happier.
Relapses are going to happen. They're a part of recovery. What matters is what we do when we do relapse. I've drank since I was 15 (35 now) I used to go months without but recently I kicked it into high gear. ..ONLY GO TO AA IF IT HELPS. Some of us don't like AA for whatever reason but continue to go because they are told to do so. It's not for everyone. Same for counseling. Sobriety = Clarity and therefore you should discover yourself during sobriety. Find out what works and what doesn't. Find out what you want and what you don't. ...And yes use this sub to find guidance and advice! Welcome!.
Hello. I was honest with a doctor about how much I was drinking. Medication made detox safer and easier. Staying sober is difficult. I needed lots of help. Therapy rehab outpatient and AA were the answer. 
I attempted to stop on my own many times over the years.  Eventually hit a rock-bottom and asked for help.  Just speaking to a health care professional and being honest about my drinking.   This started treatment/recovery.   There are many options shop around till you get a good fit.  Please talk to someone you've got nothing to lose.  That simple. 
Welcome. I'm not sure if your consumption is enough to need medical help to quit? I was only a beer drinker. Using this site has been extremely motivational for me. Writing a list of all the reasons I want to quit to remember why I am doing this. Keeping myself busy. I also read This Naked Mind which was an eye opener to me! Good luck and I will not drink with you tonight.
The thing that eventually worked for me was an inpatient treatment center (rehab). That's where I met my sponsor who helps me work the 12 steps of AA. It's not for everyone though so like folks here have said explore the options and see what actually works for you. This subreddit is a great community for questions and to vent. ..Best of luck to you! You can do it!
Please remember to share what's worked for you personally speaking from the "I" in your replies to this post. 
For me it had to be an intervention. It definitely sucked!! But forced me to admit that I needed help. Admitting I had a problem I couldn't handle alone kind of gave me permission to ask for help. So off i went to inpatient for a week. Then to group meetings and theraphy. For me theraphy is amazing. It gets better it really does..
I went to my doctor a week after I'd quit the first time just for a checkup to see how badly I'd screwed myself up. Turns out I was fine but she prescribed a low dose klonopin to help with the anxiety that's super common after quitting. I'd usually take one in the evening if I started feeling anxious. It took me a couple of tries but this time I'm focusing more on what sobriety can give me vs what I'm missing out on with drinking. My mental health especially has gotten so much better. I used to try to fill every hour of my day that I wasn't at work with socializing or comedic entertainment because I didn't want to have to face my own thoughts about how unhappy i was. Now I socialize a lot less but that's because I actually enjoy being alone again. Anyway tangent my point was that changing your focus and how you word things to yourself can really help. 
