-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gbkw7/3_weeks_without_a_drink_i_am_having_more_of_a/

I'm at this point where it crosses my mind. Well you have made it this far you have everything under control maybe you can handle having a couple beers after work tonight. I don't want to but I want to. It would just be nice to visit with friends around the fire tonight and have a couple. But I know if the past has shown me anything is that it starts like that then it's every weekend then it's after work and before I know it it's every night. But my fucking brain keeps at me saying it'll be fine you can handle it once and a while. I'm getting frustrated and tired of these urges today. It's sickening. Shoot me some positive vibes SD today I need it today!
----------immediate responses--------

Remember why you stopped and don't let your brain fool you into thinking any different. You stopped for the same reason I did. One beer or a couple beers turn into too many beers and maybe even a few days bender. Not drinking with you tonight friend stay strong. 
My therapist told me that is my subconscious telling me I should have a drink and I need to use my conscious to tell it to shut the fuck up. I won't be drinking with you tonight. 
That's my brain all the time but like you're doing remember the reality. If you had it under control you wouldn't have gotten to this point of over three weeks clean. Plus you can still have a good time without an alcoholic drink in your hands I've done it! Keep fighting back against that damn brain you've got it bud!
Keep fast forwarding! It's what has and at times still does keep me  from not drinking! It is getting easier but j known j still have along always to go. I won't drink with you today 
Play it forward. Tonight tomorrow remember why and how you made it this far. Separate that little voice from yourself- this urge isn't the real happy you. You can do it you don't need it...I will not drink with you today.
Someone else posted a post very close to yours today. I'm at three weeks tomorrow and am in similar boat. It is a relief to know im not alone in this! I'm going to look at this as another hurdle I will climb and it will soon be behind me. Keep up the good work and I will do the same!
My subconscious still plays that game with me but then i do a quick play-by-play recount of all the bad that alcohol caused. That's not where I want to be so I move on- recognize the feeling understand that it is natural and normal and then recommit to my sobriety. ..It takes time but it becomes easier to do the things you loved (being around the fire) without the alcohol...You got this! Keep up the good work!
Thank you all for the positive words. 
You got this Blackbox! Just take it a day at a time. 
It gets easier! Hold on and be kind to yourself--treats snuggles whatever makes you feel good. 
Hey just so you know 3-4 weeks were my hardest!! Please stick with it it will get better 
