-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ghy23/why_i_stopped_going_to_aa/

I spent a good year and a half in AA regularly. I really enjoyed my time there but I started to feel a little more distant. Around that time a sexual assault happened between two members of my home group and the old timers really disgusted me with how they got involved and tried to play judge jury and executioner on the situation. I felt the principles were being disregarded and my sponsor was on the wrong side of the fence through the situation so I left for a while. When I say "wrong side" I mean this was not a he said/she said issue. Both parties agreed on the events but somehow the group couldn't grasp that there was a clear-cut perpetrator and victim. Because it was male on male and drugs were involved the group's perception was fucked up. Perp was a group favorite likeable guy and victim was a chronic relapser. Both were banned from the fellowship and they had the idea that the victim should not get the police involved. Just really disgusting judgment and I came to respect these folks a lot less for it....I came back or attempted to off and on for a few months after that. Every time I came back though I felt more judged by the group for spending time away. During small talk I would be discussing all the wonderful things I had going on. New friends and new communities I was into new hobbies and experiences... And everyone else was just doing the same damn thing. I stopped drinking to have a life and the life I envisioned was not based around my sole identity as an alcoholic in recovery unlike everyone else who was "successful" in the program....I resented that once I got some sobriety my story was no longer my own. I now had to tailor my speaking to the newcomer. I had done some sponsorship which was very fulfilling. But not being able to discuss my long-term successes such as being comfortable at parties without drinking made me feel like I was dissuaded from being honest. That's to say nothing about sharing the not-so-good stuff my contentions with the big book or anything else that didn't have a simple fix prescribed by the program....Spending some time outside of AA with non-alcoholics allowed me to rediscover the intricacies of the human condition. Regular folks don't see the world in black and white and neither do I. I have still taken the steps and principles into my life but I understand there's just not an answer for everything. And that's fine by me. I love grey areas nuances in social interaction varieties and options for dealing with situations....I have a full life nowadays and that's not to say AA can't be credited at all for it. But I could only jump into AA when I realized that it was my program and it was up to me to make it work for me. It turns out that my program doesn't involve AA these days. I'm still sober still definitely an alcoholic but "alcoholic" isn't a huge part of my identity anymore. I'm just a person who doesn't drink. The "ism" in alcoholism isn't unique to addicts or drunks and I work on making myself better every day just like countless others in and out of recovery programs....Thank you if you took the time to read this. I've had these discussions with some other sober folks who took the same route I did who are some of my best friends. Just felt the need to get this off my chest and share it with some folks who might have needed to hear it since I'm sure I wasn't the only one struggling and unable to express this in AA....EDIT: Since this has gotten some attention I'd like to clarify a few things. I don't hate AA and I'm still excited to hear when people go to meetings and what they've gotten out of it. I believe my early sobriety was due in very large part to my dedication to the program. It's a part of my story but it's just not something I do anymore and I wanted a good place to vent my frustrations. I think nothing less of those who go to AA and for people who are new to sobriety I actively encourage the program as a guide community and a way to broaden the mind. No disrespect meant.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this great post. I needed to hear this. I am kind of struggling with AA at the moment because of my sponsor and everyone making me start to feel like this is my identity and life now. My dad has been sober for 20 years and was only in the program for a short time to so I know it's possible
Thanks for your post. I had similar issues with the black and white reasoning in AA and the idea that alcoholics are a specific type of person unlike other people. I've found I'm more comfortable with Refuge Recovery. 
Thank you. I've been to one AA meeting since my last drink and felt awful after it. Personally I find sitting around a table identifying as alcoholics to be damaging. We are so much more than just alcoholics. It's a drinking world we just have to learn to adapt to it. We are so much more than alcoholics. And as I look back at my past year+ the 12 steps have naturally played themselves out in one form or another instead of pounding away at a book forcing it and being part of a "program" that "works if you work it!" I believe if the human mind is committed to change from negative situations the steps are a natural process out brains go through. That's just me.
"The life I envisioned was not based around my sole identity as an alcoholic in recovery"  This exact topic came up with someone else on the board today. I went to my first meeting yesterday and I was struck by this exact thing that the people identify as an alcoholic first and then as an individual person.  I'm for moving on.   I won't drink with you today.
I went to meetings every day for the first 90 days and a bit after. Since then because of work I haven't been to nearly as many. I love hearing from others who are in a similar condition but like you said I stopped drinking to create a life for myself. I am indeed a recovering alcoholic and I am not ashamed of that but I do not want that to be my identity. ..Most meetings I went to while they wouldn't necessarily tell you "if you stop going to AA you will relapse" they would say things like "everyone I've known who has time and stopped going to AA has relapsed" essentially creating a cult-like atmosphere. Also I'm not very religious and they often mention that if you don't have a god sobriety is almost impossible to achieve for alcoholics...I don't feel that I need AA to remain sober. I have my fiancee who cheers me on and is so proud of me and I don't even miss drinking. Heck I just looked at the sidebar and apparently I am at 144 days now - time flies!
I've been in and out of AA for years.  Having grown up in a legitimate cult some of the cult-like overtones in AA always made me very uncomfortable.  It seems to me that by the time someone wants to quit drinking so badly that they're willing to go to AA maybe they were at the point they were going to quit drinking regardless.  I think a lot of people in the program confuse correlation with causation.  Just my two cents. YMMV.
I've been sober for a pretty long time. I went to two AA meetings... And then never went back again. ..When someone is first trying to get sober I always suggest AA. It works for a lot of people. But a lot of people is not ALL people. ..To ME it felt like replacing one addiction with another - If I felt like I wanted a drink I should find a meeting. I should go to meetings forever if that's what it takes. I did not want to commit to that. Instead I chose to work a program called Women for Sobriety which was not meant to be worked forever - It helped by providing social support while teaching me positive affirmations and coping mechanisms. I think it did help save my life and I can go back if I need to but I don't go any more...I also went through a LOT of one-on-one therapy and still see the same psychiatrist that I saw when I first got sober (mental health is important!!) ..I don't think you need AA to get sober or to stay sober but you DO need to do the work. You just need to find what works for you.
[removed]
Thanks for sharing this I can relate to quite a bit of it. I actually felt like I had to step away from the program in order to live a more genuine life around 3 years sober. My life is much more fulfilling now and whenever I go to a meeting with a friend I am reminded of why I needed to move on. 
I understand why some people need to continuously immerse themselves in AA to stay sober. I don't look down on them or think that their lives are inferior. But I started drifting away after my first year. Going all the time just wasn't what I needed. (I also had clashes with the uh ethics of AA.) I still go to a meeting or two a week but I sometimes don't if I am busy and sometimes I go to more if I am feeling stressed or depressed or just want to see my AA friends. I wish that certain AAers would give me the same consideration in not passing judgment that I give to them but that's their cross to bear I guess. 
Good for you. I have a lot of issues with AA at a philosophical level and it's nice to hear thoughtful criticism. I think there are a lot of people who feel like you but are so scared that quitting the program means they are giving up on sobriety. You said yourself you felt judged for not going all the time. Because to a lot of those people all they can imagine is that you are slipping. The truth is being sober is different for everybody and you are doing yourself a disservice to not go out and explore and find what works for &lt;i&gt; you &lt;/i&gt; to not just survive but thrive.
People will always let me down. The program won't. 
I've never been to AA only SD has helped me sober up. It seems AA is a club which tries to be a person's foremost identity. I'm also a runner but only for about five hours a week...i used to work with a very nice and funny lesbian married couple. They were middle aged like me so we could talk about stuff from our youths but their sexual identity always came up. One day I said to them "C'mon ladies is that all you got? Being gay?". ..They like alcoholics or anyone with a strong character attribute have so many more dimensions to their being that it's unfortunate when a single one eclipses all others..
I feel like you took the words right out of my mouth. I'm in a situation where I'm required to attend 8 AA meetings a month for 2 years. Luckily the meetings aren't so bad but there's a lot I don't agree with. And my sponsor is pretty awesome. It's my own fault for being in the legal situation I'm in but I still think 2 years of AA meetings is super excessive. 
Cliques are part of every circle. It's better to find a circle you first enjoy than it is to find a circle and then enjoy it.
Not all meetings and groups are the same.  I walk out of the meetings I can't relate with or when people annoy me.  ..AA isn't for everyone.   Work whatever works for you and keels you sober.  
I have used the program of Alcoholics Anonymous and have maintained sobriety for the past 35 months. I take what I need from it and leave the rest. It is helpful for some and not so helpful for others. Each group is unique. I feel like painting all of AA In a negative light because of bad experiences in one group is limiting what could be a potentially helpful resource. 
It is kind of repetitive. And my first group had something along the same lines of that situation you experienced they handlers it horribly. People aren't perfect. I just switched groups as a didn't have more than like 6-7 months at the time. There's some level of self limitation there but I'll continue going for the benefits for myself and others..IMO I know several olde people who stopped going to meetings who have had varied results. The chief benefit I see is that there's a framework for self improvement giving back and an easy option for a sustained interaction with a hp. ..Good luck my friend it sounds like you are really in touch with what you need to be in touch with to succeed 
If you still needed AA I'd suggest looking for a different home group.  :)  ..Principles before personalities and all that...I guess the group can choose to ban people from attending their meeting but again "our primary purpose is to carry the message to the alcoholic who still suffers".  Doesn't matter if the alcoholic is a raper or rapist.  But they *can't* ban someone from the fellowship of AA - the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.
I wonder if you've heard  of SMART recovery?  I'd recommend it as an alternative to Aa. ..I've never done the Aa thing for a variety of reasons  but to echo the sentiments of a few others;  maybe check out some different groups.   That sounds like a horrible situation and I think you made the right decision by gtfo of there!
Thank you for posting this well said! 
Congrats on your sober. Save the. Respect loss of your home group members I see myself drifting away after a couple of years as well. It's working for me as well making huge progress but at some point my identity as being alcoholic first will change. It's not today but it's  going to happen. Be well not drinking along wit her you today. 
I believe the stat is that only 15% of people in AA stay sober and don't relapse. My mentality around not drinking was immensely helped by reading This Naked Mind. We have booze in the house at all times as my wife drinks (rarely) and I never even think about it unless I'm writing it in a post on SD :) If I would go to AA and have the approach of alcohol as something I'm being denied it would be a struggle for me. It's just not even a part of my life anymore thanks to the info and tools from that book. 
lovely post thank you. never been to AA but every night I check out SD as a way to pat myself on the back and feel at peace for making it one more day. 
This post perfectly describes all the reasons I joined SMART Recovery. I don't have to abide by anyone's rules but my own (SMART is all about making your own choices). I don't have to call myself an Alcoholic which to me is demeaning and creates poor self esteem. I don't have to go to a meeting every day for the rest of my life- there is an end game and it's to create a balanced lifestyle for yourself where being an "alcoholic" doesn't completely define you forever. ..I'm not trying to say anything negative about AA. It has helped millions of people get sober and that's such an amazing thing! But I recommend SMART for anyone who has issues with AA. 
I stopped going to AA because the meetings just weren't being run well. Repeatedly people in my group would break the rules. Also the only meeting I felt like I belonged to allowed smoking- there were no open windows- it was hard to breathe in this room. ..I'm really sorry for your experience but I have found sobriety outside of AA via therapy and friendship and it seems so have you. Also this subreddit. It's amazing we live in a day and age where there are so many paths and ways to discover them for sobriety! I find making alcoholism a focal point of my identify just makes me feel like I'm really fucked up and so I focus on other things like friendship love and my career. sadly still in this day and age alcoholism isn't really a positive thing so I don't like making it an integral part of my personality. Upwards and onward!
AA has a culture that runs a few decades behind society. That is why you will hear nonsense about not reporting sexual assault. That is the way the US was until the 90s. ..Recovery is about gong out and doing stuff as well as being there to help another alcoholic trying to get sober. 
AA is one option to live just like religion is. People find their own path. Being sober doesn't mean identifying with being and alcoholic. If you need to be sober find the pleasure that being sober brings you. A percentage of drunk people are dicks a percentage of sober people are dicks. Don't be a dick
I am also a sober person who doesnt go to aa any longer. I havent drank in 7 years. AA was very helpful in the beginning when you feel like the only sober person in the world and need examples of how to do it. I also got tired of the social pressure to change my story to fit the homogenous story we all ended up having. 
"MY God didn't make no gay people" the old crackhead in the church basement spat to a chorus of Amens...Yeah fuck that...I won't drink with you today.
I'm first to say that AA isn't for everyone. I know people personally who are contentedly sober without being part of the program. All I care about is that people get sober and stay sober and find contentment thereby...I do find myself bewildered at the hostility some express toward the program given that it is voluntary (court-ordered - which I disagree with - excepted) a program of attraction rather than promotion and is composed after all of human beings many of whom are deeply flawed: "we are not saints" as the Big Book says. Some of the hostility seems to me to be a clear case of dismissal prior to investigation and this "cult" talk - puh-lease...So in 8 minutes I'm heading off to a meeting. Good luck to one and all in the program and not in our mutual quest to stay sober.
AA helped me a lot at the beginning - I was getting sober while my friends still drank family still drinks etc - so doing so without anyone I know doing the same felt like a challenge...I think I did 29 in 30 days or something close to it.  I loved it...The speaker meetings learning about how someone else did what I wanted to do - truly inspirational...But after I got my 30 day chip I remember they asked "HOW DID YOU DO IT"?..My answer was "I just decided to stop".  ..AA is a great thing but when it starts to define who you are - you are just replacing the addiction of drinking with the addiction of being "in recovery"...Haven't been since haven't drank since...Easy-peasy...
I haven't been to a meeting yet but have a desire to connect with other people walking this path so I've been seriously considering it. The thing is I don't consider myself an alcoholic. I don't identify with any of those labels that I could easily identify with: introvert right-brained etc. I'm so multifaceted. There have been years when I've been totally sober and years in which I drank too much and too often. ..I just can't say "I'm an alcoholic" because I'm not. I can't imagine going to a meeting where that's how I introduce myself. ..I still might try it but we will see. Maybe I will naturally just connect with people who don't drink because I will be...not drinking! 
Thank you for telling this. I've never gone to meetings though everyone else in my family brothers dad and mom are actively involved. From what I could see it is your life. I'm thankful to not have needed the meetings though they saved the lives of my family. Your experience gave me a more concrete understanding. Thanks. 
mmm.  yessir.  I'm pretty sure this makes me an asshole (I'm comfortable with this) but I was personally repulsed by AA and what I consider the determined embrace of weakness...I'm know with certainty the things that repulsed me give other people comfort and a direction they would not other have as an option.  I don't think less of them.  At the end of the day I'll only judge by action and not the mental path to that action...But yeah not my jam.
I'm already sick of AA after the first 90 days. In some ways it has been helpful but I hate the way that my sponsor just keeps wanting me to go to more and more meetings. The meetings seem very repetitive and I don't know what I am getting out of them. I am glad it's there but I also don't want my whole life to be about being a recovering alcoholic. There's a huge stigma attached to that and 12 step groups in general. I don't know. I just don't see myself doing it forever especially as my main form of spirituality is Buddhism and I'd rather be involved in the Buddhist community. The dharma just says don't drink because you will create suffering for yourself and others so it really could be that easy lol...My addiction therapist says she thinks I should keep going and working the steps so that's why I'm there but it feels very tiresome at the present.
In SA (sex addicts anonymous) we commonly say to the folks in AA that we'll see them in 6 months.
I came to the same place as you. My mental picture is "I don't drink" haven't been to an AA meeting for more than a year. Just check in with SD occasionally. Like you I just work on being an adult and found that it was easier and better on my own without the AA structure. Although like you I needed the structure for the first year. 
I don't know if you ever heard the story of the Midtown AA Group in Washington D.C. About 10 years ago or so there was a highly publicized situation there where young female members were allegedly being pimped out by their sponsors to a group of "respected oldtimers". It made the national news and there was a story about it in Newsweek magazine...I saw the article and it struck a chord with me because during my time in AA up to that point I'd seen a lot of things that were not too different from what was described in the Newsweek article. Perhaps nothing quite that extreme but I'd absolutely seen a lot of predatory behavior--sexual financial emotional. And my thought was: "we have to do something about this. This is wrong."..So I brought the magazine to an AA meeting and passed it around wanting to talk about how we could protect our vulnerable members. ..I was shocked--God I still remember how shocked I felt it was like a kick in the gut--at the reaction I got. Not one person saw this as a call to action or expressed compassion for the young women involved. Instead the group was concerned with AA's reputation. "OH NO!" they said "people will get the wrong idea about AA." They were actually mad at the people who had come forward to talk about what had happened. ..I remember saying: "But they aren't getting the wrong idea about AA. There ARE predators here. We all know this. We should be doing something to protect people."..It still to this day stuns me that I was the only one in that room who saw it that way. ..I eventually left AA not really because of this but this was my first wake up call that maybe I was in the wrong place that maybe the philosophy of the program was not something I wanted to build my life on. ..I do think there is good in AA and I do not hate the program. I think it can help people and I know that the social support I got there helped me a lot at the beginning of my recovery. But the aspect you're talking about--it's there. It surely is.
Dude I'm so proud of you! It's definitely not for everyone   We gotta hang out again when I visit next!
