-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6giemc/cant_stop_thinking_about_drinking/

I feel like I have these two sides. Like part of me doesn't want to drink but part of me really does want to. I've reset my badge over 20 times. I'm going to a meeting soon but worried about possibly relapsing afterwards. I don't know. Just thought I would post this.
----------immediate responses--------

Well if you're going to a meeting that's a great start. If you haven't yet reach out for a sponsor and try to make some sober friends so that you can go out and do fun things with them!
See if anyone is going out for coffee after the meeting.
I remember those first few weekends.  They were tough.  I didn't know what to do with myself.  I remember going on a drawer-cleaning rampage because cleaning doesn't take a whole lot of thought but the benefits continue to show for a long time.  Hang in there; you'll have TWO-Weeks tomorrow (Congrats BTW!) and know that it really does get easier.  Blessings to you!
The key for me was getting numbers and actually using them. Something about calling someone else and asking how they are doing takes me right out of my sometimes-crazy head. I had to get over the idea that calling someone and admitting that I was having a tough time would somehow be embarrassing. Turns out it is actually very empowering because it taught me I don't have to keep everything inside I don't have to do this all on my own. Going to a meeting is a great start. Keep it up!
Yeah that's the problem.  I needed to act my way into different thinking.  When I immerse myself in recovery activities I have less time and attention to waste on thinking about drinking or not.  Practice practice practice.
Man the two sides thing was totally the case for me! I read a book on Rational Recovery and it helped me to recognize which one was which and I've been able to have some success with it. Probably worth researching a little maybe it could be helpful to you!
