-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gin30/finally_feeling_content_to_stop/

Started drinking at 15 and always drank more than most of my peers. Now 34 and envy people who drank very little or not at all throughout their 20s. These people were able to find hobbies outside of society's grip on alcohol. You really start to notice how alcohol is everywhere. Probably something to do with that 800% markup at events.  It's embedded in our head that 20s and alcohol are just a part of growing up. My dad along with friends didn't do things unless alcohol was involved. This was just part of life. I was taught if you work you deserve some drinks. No one mentioned when to stop. I never drank to relieve pain. It was almost always when on a good mood or to celebrate. This is a good thing since pain can cause cloudy judgement.  3 DWIs between 2003 and 2005. Having a yellow camaro didn't help. Went to school. Started a career. I didn't have a problem I'd say. Just couldn't have fun without alcohol but didn't notice it at the time. 2015 and 2016 were bad. Blackouts were a very common thing. Getting mad at myself for losing control was bad. Cut booze and stick to beer. We know how that goes. On Dec 9th after finding myself in an SUV with a couple thugs and dirty coke I realized it's time to take control. I read a couple books. One said you may not have to quit. So I didn't. I said no more than 3 beers in one day. This worked for about 2 months. I'm a responsible drinker now. The fact is even one drink is irresponsible. It's like taking a gun and spinning it cowboy style. It may be unloaded. It may have safety on. No one was hurt. But it's irresponsible. A few weeks ago I may have woken up in the passenger seat of my car with no shoes in a neighborhood I didn't know. I may have drove a few blocks.  If I did that it would have been prison time and a seized car if caught. I drank a lot memorial weekend. Fri sat and Sunday.  It took 3 days to function normally. Tuesday my hands were shaky. This is the first time ever I haven't desired a drink in 2 weeks and truly think it's over. I've been smiling since. Is this what one day at a time means?  Because I'm excited for this new life and am having a hard time with one day at a time mentality. Went out the last couple weekends and drank sprite. Had a great time. Bday was yesterday and went out Thurs to concert and out yesterday. Sprite and diet mountain dew. Had fun. The few friends I have get drunk but it's OK. I hang out for a few hours and leave once the effect show. I lost a lot of relationships over the years due to alcohol but will make new friends along with current ones. I find myself looking for police in the rearview out of habit. I plan to not go to the gym the day after going out but realize hey I'm not drinking. I'll be at the gym tomorrow. These habitual thoughts are still there but will dissipate over time. I won't get my alcohol infused 20s back but still have a lot of alcohol free life left.  If you read this please let me know if you've ever felt this confidence that you're done with alcohol and if you relapsed why.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I have been done with alcohol many times. Lately I've managed to go a few months without a drop of alcohol. This is a first. I've quit before and failed to follow through. I listened to that voice in my head that said "one drink will be fine." I was always wrong. Now I just avoid alcohol. I see my friends who can have one or two drinks and are just fine the next day. I no longer envy them. For me the only solution is to just not drink. I hate that every one around me can have a drink or two and be fine. I cannot. I cannot put a bottle of whiskey in my cupboard and have drink to relax. If I do I wake up the next morning with a raging hangover an empty bottle and only to discover sometime last night I drove to store and got some more. I don't remember but I have the receipt. I'm comfortable with the idea I shouldn't drink. Challenges occur now and then. Even at my lowest moments I realize I'm happier sober.
Thank you for sharing your story.
This is very similar to my story. Then one day it switched. And now if i touch a drop I binge for 5 days morning and night. Alchoholism is a progressive desease and the sooner you can stop the easier it is. Good for you for realizing it sooner than I did. 
Yes I'm 14 days! I feel so freed from it. It is fun and good. Miraculous too me. :)
