-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gsyb0/theres_a_lumpy_golf_ball_in_my_boob/

Hey there SD. I just need to vent. This is gonna be long so sorry. Formatting/grammar/ mobile blah blah blah. It's day 211 and life has chosen to test me in a truly terrifying way. I've been doing really well. I hardly think about alcohol and I'm loving how much things have turned around since I stopped drinking. ..But on Friday I found a lump in my right breast... of substantial size. *before I go any further I just want to say that I have a Dr. Appointment on Thursday and I'm not looking for medical advice* but I can't help but Google signs and symptoms. While I am fully aware there are a multitude of reasons lumps can occur the size and nature of my lump is less than desirable. I'm not trying to play dr but when an irregular shaped golf ball shows up in your tit the anxious side of me assumes the worst. ..I want a drink so bad. My mind has been racing non stop since I found it. I've played out every terrible situation and outcome over and over. Part of me wants to say this is some kind of karma for leading my life so shitty up until this point. It's like now that I'm fighting for my life everyday the universe wants to make sure I'm in for an epic battle. Like almost 7 months ago you didn't really want to live? Here's some potential cancer. Have fun with a huge breast lump and let's see how much you'll really fight to live. Fuck. ..I'm sorry I know it could be nothing. But I already have terrible luck with health. I know drinking won't help me at all. I know that I won't solve anything by getting shit faced. I may just end up in the hospital sooner if I do that. But damn this is hard. ..Yesterday I had about a full emotional breakdown. My anxiety has been minimal since I stopped drinking but this is a whole different beast. But even so instead of holding it in and trying to deal with it alone I called a friend and let them help me. That's a big step for me. I don't like to admit when I'm struggling but let's just say I'm in a no alcohol sales on Sunday state and I was glad for that. This isn't the kind of anxiety you deal with out in public at a bar. My friend hung out for a few hours and I felt much better. ..I made the appointment first thing this morning. Double checked coverage with insurance. I've done all I can for now. The next few days are going to be hell while I wait... for who knows how many tests and scans and biopsies I'm in for. ..It's also fucked up that somewhere in the last few days my brain decided and planned my relapse. It decides if I get diagnosed with cancer that's my day. I'm going to drink that day. How messed up is that. It's like that little hidden beast stalking me and waiting for an opportune moment of weakness to strike. And this may be it. Stupid stupid brain. I will not drink today. I can't worry about Thursday or any other day. Just today. Wish me luck SD... ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there.  Good job getting an appointment right away.  I hope you can find some good activities to keep your mind occupied until then.  I will not drink with you today.  
How is drinking going to help this situation? To me there isn't an answer worth it. Treasure those 211 days! Stay strong and know we are here and sending good positive vibes your way.
You can go and read [this post](/r/stopdrinking/comments/6gso41/went_from_3100_days_without_drinking_back_to_day_4/) from today. After shitty life problems he/she decided to drink again. The results is that life got shittier than it already was...Drinking is one day at a time. A planned relapse doesn't need to happen. It is not set in stone. Maybe you could get some extra help for thursday to make sure you can stay sober and deal with what happens. ..If anything you can go to AA and find a woman there that will assist you during the day. Their job is to stay sober by helping others stay sober. Some of them are assholes but some of them are very great people. They have a number you can call and maybe they could help you on that day. It's just a suggestion. In my worst days I have an AA friend to call and he's always available because he knows how not drinking is important to me and to him.
Hugs and prayers from an Internet stranger 
Alcohol will make whatever is worse.  My only advice I would give is do not panic and jump into a treatment plan.  I do a lot of research and I have heard that if it is determined to be cancerous after a biopsy Dr.s are known to try and push the patient to DO SOMETHING NOW!  It took a long time to get there and it is worth your while to do a lot of research before jumping in if that is where this path is going.  I wish you well and I won't be drinking with you today.
Oh girl that sounds scary!  I've got a mama and aunt who both got breast cancer and it's definitely got me anxious about that kind of stuff.  That said my mom also had a lot of fatty lumps were non-malignant and just needed removing.  So I'm sending good prayers to the Universe for you that's all it is.  I like stoday's suggestion of making plans to have Thursday involve checking in with some sober support.    Drinking for me just leads to increased anxiety after the numbing wears off.  Check in with us after your appointment please.  I will be thinking of you.
Sending good vibes and thoughts I'm not drinking with you today.
I'm sorry.  That's scary as hell.  But if bad things happen I find I need to be on top of them.  That's something I only learned somewhat recently that dealing with stuff is 100x easier than avoiding it.  And I can't be on top of them if I'm drinking.
I am so sorry that you are having to go through this extremely stressful and worrisome time in your life. ..Sending internet hugs your way. Stay strong my friend. I will not drink with you....and I am hoping for the best for you...
Hugs to you. I am right there with you. In fact I had a PET scan today for my health issue and I spent literally the entire scan imagining the gin and tonic I was going to have after. But I didn't. I got on this sub. You don't have to be strong forever just today. That's what I'm telling myself. Neither of us knows what the future holds but today I am not drinking wth you. 
Tbh breast cancer is no big deal. Check out the survival rates- even if diagnosed it will not be your demise! Stay strong and off the sauce and know that whatever happens will be totally manageable. You are in control.
