-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h0ixf/first_post_desperate/

I really want to stop drinking. I went to treatment two years ago for 90 days and then 90 days in a halfway house. I made it 11 months sober. Then I moved in with my mom and started again. Its been a constant struggle since then. Now I been hiding and sneaking it. I finally told my bf last night about it. We talked about me going to meetings. But I seriously dislike meetings. I'm painfully shy and hate speaking in groups. So that's why I'm posting here. I don't know what to expect of all this. I'm just sick of this feeling of guilt. Thank you for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's great that you can talk to your bf about it. Have you spoken to your doctor about it? They might be able to help you too. I don't like meetings either. I've found checking in here every day and really reading the threads to be very helpful. People here are so nice. 
The fact that you told your bf about it last night is huge.  I've never been to an AA meeting but I hear from others that they were surprised at how helpful and useful they were.  Would you feel more comfortable if your bf went with you?..If not there are many other way of getting helpful.  I personally found "The Easy Way To Stop Drinking" by Allan Carr to be useful.  Some people like Rational Recovery or SMART.  There are a lot of options out there and different strokes for different folks...Find a way to hate alcohol.  What has alcohol destroyed in your life?  How has it benefited you?  Which list is larger?  What would you have now had you not drank?  What can you choose as another goal in your life beyond just "not drinking"?  Do you want to lose weight?  Get a better job?  Go back to school?  Volunteer at a homeless shelter?  Find ways to distract yourself from just "not drinking".
Just an FYI - You are not required to speak at AA meetings.  If you're ever asked to share you can simply respond with "I'm just here to listen tonight".  It's quite common that people say that.   
Welcome.  Have you looked into Smart Recovery online?  They have meetings you can type or talk if your computer has a mike.  I won't drink with you today.
I recommend reading *This Naked Mind* as a start point. It's free via the link on the sidebar here. Also don't underestimate how helpful checking in here and getting your badge can be. As another poster has rightly already said the people here are nice and the help has been brilliant.
If you've got insurance you could try one on one counseling I don't like speaking in groups either. ..Is it the environment when you moved back in with your mom that's making it difficult to stop - or is that unrelated? ..Telling someone is the first step I hope he was supportive! 
"But I seriously dislike meetings." Never met a recovering alcoholic who said "Woo Hoo I get to go to meetings"..."I'm painfully shy and hate speaking in groups." Go any ways. sobriety practice...Reddit may be a start but not the answer. In person face to face in real life recovery is essential..
I am not drinking with you today. I have found that setting aside time everyday to check out this online group has helped me immensely! 
