-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h1ktf/any_artists_here/

I have struggled with finding confidence meaning and consistency in my art for years. I think it's one of the many reasons why I drank. I was frustrated and disappointed that I wasn't creating the way I think I should be so I numbed myself out (while somehow telling myself that I'd create more when I drink which is definitely never true). ...I spent the last week just happy that I wasn't drinking not really experiencing too many negative feelings towards myself but that frustration of still not creating has started to return. I feel like in order to maintain my sobriety I need to not push these feelings aside. I don't necessarily want to drink to make that feeling go away...I just want to understand why I'm feeling it and what healthy outlet I can use to make it go away....Deep down I have that voice that is telling me all I need to do is just sit down and paint sew draw whatever. Just sit down and don't over think it. I also keep thinking to myself that I could probably use a good workout. I have not gotten back into a consistent workout routine since I stopped drinking. I've also never had an AA sponsor I haven't really felt like the program is right for me but perhaps finding an sober artist to mentor or sponsor me could be helpful this time around. ...I really want to use art as a way to help me stick to my sobriety. I  would love to hear anyone else's experience of using art and/or how their relationship with art shifted during sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

I am. And I really know the feeling of being blocked so so well. Have you ever read "the artists way" by Julia Cameron? It's a total game changer for a blocked creative soul. It's a Programm really that helps you find your creativity again. It's brilliant. .Apart from that when I feel stuck I will sit down and meditate and feel into the emotion that causes the block and unease or whatever. Just sit with it and accept it and give it the time it needs. .Another thing I like is visiting my inner creative in meditation. Sit with her and ask her how I have mistreated her. Ask her what I can do for her to make her feel better. Ask her how she would want to create. .I know sounds a little whacky but you inner guide knows what is missing and will tell you if you are willing to ask gently. .Btw I got the answer that I should stop expecting her to create perfect art and instead just let her play and create without explanations... 
I'm an artist wanna be.  No training.  It is fun for me to just paint or use colored pencils.  No innate talent.  My secret dream is to be a cartoonist.  I got the books and have paper and pen.  Have not started practicing. It is on  the list.  I have read that the key for creativity whether it is writing making art woodworking or whatever to just consistently do it every day.  In time results come.  I won't drink with you today.
Have you ever read 'Centering' by M.C Richards? She is a potter and poet who just absolutely inspires me. I lot of people who talk about living and creating in the moment are all sunshine and rainbows all the time and that is just not my reality. She talks about leaning into our pain and suffering our emotions. I don't think my explanation is doing this justice...but i really can't recommend this book highly enough.
What I've come to find is creativity flows through me like a faucet. There's an on/off switch and the flow varies whwn on. I have no control over it though. I just have to be aware of when it turns on but I can't force it. Through sobreity I've noticed the faucet is more likely to turn on when I'm feeling good my mood is light and I'm not worried about anything. So the days I'm not feeling so hot I don't get down on myself for not getting much done because if I do it'll just make it harder to get back on track. Essentially my best advice is go with the flow don't overthink let it happen.
