-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h3qqb/mostly_sober_for_about_5_months_now_my_brain/

for a little background i have been an alcoholic since i was about 17.  i quit briefly for maybe 2 years from 21-23. then i got into a really bad car accident and was mostly house-bound for a few months. between the pain meds and being alone with myself all day i started drinking again eventually drinking until i blacked out 5 or 6 days a week. this went on for about 2 years...in the middle of february i realized i had to stop before i ruined my relationship with my husband as i'd already alienated nearly all my friends. i tried to go cold turkey at first but that was so uncomfortable that i cut back to once or twice a week and have gotten MUCH better since then. i'll go out and drink maybe once or twice a month now but i stopped keeping alcohol in the house which has helped immensely. it has been almost a month since i had my last drink actually. ..i'm so much healthier in so many ways BUT i feel like someone completely erased the creative part of my brain. i didn't notice until about april and the less i drink the worse it's gotten. i am (was?) an artist. i paint not professionally or anything but it's a huge part of my life and was a nice little source of income on the side. mostly though i have always painted for myself because it's just something i'm passionate about. ..i feel like i'm only creative when i'm drunk and without alcohol my creativity is "blocked" (i'm struggling with words to describe the feeling but that seems close enough) and now i just stare at a blank canvas until i'm too frustrated to even look at it anymore. i can't finish old projects and if i do manage to start a new one i can't bring myself to finish. what worse is i feel like i'm not even as good of an artist when sober. like even if i could unblock my brain anything i make now sucks anyways. ..is this normal? has anyone else experienced this and if so is there a way to fix it without drinking? or am i just stuck this way. i really don't want to be. i don't feel like myself at all anymore and it's starting to make me want to go back to drinking even though i know that would probably do more harm than good. ...TLDR; was an alcoholic for a long time have mostly quit since february but feel like i have lost my ability to be creative as a result which is making it really difficult to stay sober.  
----------immediate responses--------

Were you able to be creative during those two prior years of sobriety and if so what changed? Or did your art take off during your drinking time? If it's solely associated with drinking I can understand there being a mental block now. I'm not much help personally because I can't even draw my way out of a paper bag (and not very creative in any way) but I know several musicians who had issues with sobriety at first...in one case after some patience and more sober time he was able to pick up and play creatively and with even more enjoyment it just took some time. Best wishes!
hmm yeah i really started to get into art later into high school. also really into vodka about that same time. i probably have just spent so much time combining the two that it's just unnatural feeling to separate the drinking/art making. ..i did keep doing art during the 2 years i spent not drinking  but it wouldn't really be fair to say i was sober. i compensated with a lot like tons of xanax klonopin amongst other things. also a lot of acid at one point. i've tried to slow my roll a bit over the years since none of that was doing me any better. this time around i'm actually pretty much sober or at least the most sober i've been since i've really done art. that probably has a lot to do with it. ..thank you so much i hadn't really considered all that 
I'm having a severe lack of creativity right now as well. I'm only three weeks in and every time I try to write or play music I become so self critical and can't stop the voices in my head from telling me how bad I am how I've wasted so much time partying instead of working on my craft. I thought I could rely on creativity but my mind is not cooperating.
I used to write alot before I became a 24/7 drunk. In the last month my brain has started to really wake up it seems. I still haven't felt inspired to start writing again but sober brain wants me to do SOMETHING. So I got a coloring book! For me everything happens in small steps and I know I'll get back to my real creative outlet when I'm ready. And I know I'm on the way. For now I just think about how I want this picture to look and try to stay in the lines. :) ..I also got this book called The Write-Brain Workbook. I try to do just one page a day to get a pen onto paper. Baby steps! My brain wants to do what it used to. We'll get there!
Have you ever considered medical marijuana? :) 
Yea I almost didn't get sober because I wanted to finish my book. .Long story made short- it's bullshit to think I needed a substance to be creative. I didn't want to be vulnerable to dig deep without my crutch. But that's my experience 
