-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6h95un/i_thought_after_last_week_youd_relapse_completely/

Fell off the wagon last week Wednesday after 217 days sober. Goddamn it. Yesterday I had to go to a work function with an open bar. I immediately told the bartender "I don't drink. What do you got?" I had a sprite and pineapple juice. I was with my SO who noticed my choice. He said "I thought after those 2 bottles of wine last week you'd just relapse altogether". I said nope! I still consider myself as someone who "doesn't drink". One night after a couple of just really awful days (death in the family) doesn't erase the progress I've made. I have no desire to return to hangovers dehydration headaches low energy stomach upset weight gain and general stupidity. I'm proud of myself. ..Side note: social functions are so so stressful for someone with social anxiety who doesn't drink. Alcohol definitely made them a lot less painful in the past. But it is what it is!
----------immediate responses--------

the social thing really does get easier as time goes on. my second year is proving far less stressful than my first...congrats on getting back on the wagon so quickly. you've got this.
Way to get right back up! Your progress definitely didn't get erased. 
Glad to have you back.
"Troubled Times You know I cannot lie! I'm off the wagon and I'm hitchin' a ride!" -Green Day..Way to get back on the wagon bud!..
I like your attitude.  Welcome back.  I won't drink with you today.
I agree about the social aspect. I still struggle with that. However Saturday night I was at an event and once I realized everyone was drinking and in their own little world I got some courage and danced... Sober! It was actually quite freeing. Best wishes to you!
Welcome back. And keep fighting. You can do this   ..Also I never realized how many events have open bars until I quit drinking. They're everywhere. 
You're very right! It doesn't erase the progress you've made. Good attitude and good job not falling down the relapse hole!
I appreciate the thought that you're still someone who doesn't drink after a relapse.  Each relapse for me brings on an incredible defeatist attitude and keeps me from starting new. This is day 2 for me after several weeks of relapse.  I'm about to meet my husband for our midweek date which usually involves 2 glasses of wine at dinner and a few more when I get home. Seltzer water for me tonight. Thank you. 
&gt;social functions are so so stressful for someone with social anxiety who doesn't drink...It's okay to be socially awkward you know if that's how you feel.  That's how you actually are and you're not trying to change into something different with booze.
It's good you have a good guy by your side who is aware and sounds supportive of your sobriety. ..It takes a lot of energy to stop the momentum of an alcoholic. I had stops and starts over the course of three years before it clicked. ..Keep up the great work. I will not drink with you today. 
Good job getting back on that wagon.  I'm sorry to hear about your family's loss.  
Way to hang tough.  I hope I can be as strong as you in the future.  Thank you for posting!!
First off sprite with pineapple juice sounds just amazing! I need to try something like that sometime! ..Second congrats on getting through it! That's a damn fine accomplishment. I'm glad after a stumble you were able to regain your traction! That's really rad and impressive! 
