-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hcduo/should_i_consider_cutting_down/

I haven't been a big drinker for long. I've been clean from heroin for 10 months and I started drinking frequently after I quit. I know it sounds like I traded one addiction for another but I don't look at it that way because I don't have the same compulsion to drink. I drink when I need something to take the edge off and would previously go to heroin. ..People in my life were happy and proud of my sobriety but they're starting to bring up my drinking. I don't want to quit entirely because alcohol is better then risking a relapse on opiates. ..I'm thinking a compromise would be cutting down to the level of socially acceptable drinking that wouldn't worry those around me. Has anyone had any success cutting down instead of quitting completely? More specifically I'm looking at how to stop drinking once I've started. 
----------immediate responses--------

no drinking
[removed]
Only you can decide if you need to cut down. Just be aware that alcohol while not heroin most certainly is a highly addictive substance.....There's a link to a free digital copy of a book titled *This Naked Mind* over in the sidebar...In it the author makes an analogy between alcohol and a pitcher plant. Pitcher plants trick thirsty insects by luring them to the edges of their pitchers. Once the insect is inside it's too late to climb out...I'm not doing the book or it's contents justice but I can't recommend it highly enough...plus it's free!
There are groups out there that specialize in moderation rather than quitting.  Wouldn't work for me but maybe they will for you.  Good luck!
I was never successful at attempts to moderate.  My drug of choice has always been *more*.  I just try to make it more healthy positive things now.  I find that spending time with loved ones &amp; rediscovering my passions takes the edge off better than alcohol or drugs ever did.  Whatever you choose I wish you the best of luck as you move forward.
This is hard to answer without knowing more about you and your social circle. Your drinking could be harmless and your circle is only proactively concerned because of their memory and their fear if you becoming addicted to something else. They could also be absolutely correct that your drinking is an issue...Do you have the CAGE symptoms:.Have you ever felt you needed to Cut down on your drinking?.Have people Annoyed you by criticizing your drinking?.Have you ever felt Guilty about drinking?.Have you ever felt you needed a drink first thing in the morning (Eye-opener) to steady your nerves or to get rid of a hangover?..https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/CAGE_questionnaire
I came to realize I was drinking way too much. I had taken a few breaks to reset myself and moderate but it has been a long time since I had done that. After five days of sobriety earlier this year I tried moderate drinking for three nights and realized I had a serious issue. ..Since then I have not drunk alcohol for 100+ days. I never said forever but I know this is working better for me. Tomorrow I do not want alcohol. ..I drank with few breaks every day for 20 years. I found zero alcohol to work better for me than trusting my control. I hope you find what is best for you.
