-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hcdxf/question_about_inpatient_rehab/

so I'm sitting in the airport flight is delayed. can anyone tell me what their rehab experience was like? did it actually help? did you relapse? I'm very scared right now. I know I'm thinking too far ahead here but I'm scared that this will just be another phase and that I'm a hopeless alcoholic. i just really hope this is the right choice and will be the help i need. Thanks guys
----------immediate responses--------

Hey dude! Sounds like you are thinking too much! Take some deep breaths...You are going to get help in a safe and alcohol free place. They're going to teach you some things that can help you get and stay sober...One day at a time my friend...Any way to distract yourself? Walk around browse the gift shop watch some crappy Netflix...
Rehab can help a lot. Many do relapse but it is not mandatory! I went three times. It worked the last time (4 plus years sober now) because I was finally willing to make changes in my life afterwards. For me that included really working the AA program. I did not do that  after the first two. My advice is to take rehab seriously and get everything out of it you can and to really make a plan for life afterwards while you are there. Good luck!
My best advice: no expectations. Go in with an open mind and heart. 
I agree with the posts before mine. I can tell you that if you are willing it will help. I can also tell you that it saved my life and my sanity. Early on I was terrified that I'd relapse and that I wasn't strong enough to stop drinking permanently. I accepted everything about the program followed all the rules (even the ones that I didn't understand at the time) and just surrendered. I suggest you just tell the whole truth about your drinking and don't sugarcoat where you are with your addiction. They're professionals and need to know so that they can properly treat you. The sooner you get completely honest with them the sooner the deep work begins. Relapse is common but not the rule. I haven't relapsed since leaving and am still going strong. Others relapsed for a period of time and are now going strong. Unfortunately some aren't ready yet. Focus just on yourself and from my experience the further from day 1 of putting the cork in the bottle the easier it gets. It has diminishing power as long as it's not reintroduced. Good luck and congratulations! It takes a lot of bravery to admit you need help and even more courage to embrace the help when it's available. I won't drink with you today.
Rehab saved my life. It was a wonderful experience--a safe place to think about my life and start down the road to recovery. 
