-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hfbkt/a_haircut_almost_destroyed_my_resolve/

I'm on day 9 of sobriety. I'm proud that I've made it this far and I'm damn proud that I didn't relapse after my disastrous hair cut...Why is this an issue? Because my hair had been growing uncut for over a decade. It was so long I could sit on it. It was my pride and joy but it also represented the old me. The old me had gorgeous long hair that was the envy of all her friends but she was a drunk mother. ..I needed a change that I could *see with my own eyes* to represent what I was doing to my life. So I called a stylist she came to my home and she chopped about 8 years off. The last 8 years that were full of alcohol and sorrow and regret. It's GONE! ..And the transformation into the new me was suddenly complete and I almost panicked. I had my keys in my hand. I was going to *drink* and I wasn't going to stop. ..But I looked in the mirror again at the new reflection staring back and I realized that I wasn't going to throw her away too. I realized I *am* changed and I sat my ass back down on a chair took a deep breath and didn't drink...I didn't drink then and I'm *definitely* not drinking now. .Today I choose to remain sober and stay faithful to the new me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sure you look amazing!  Every haircut - no matter how minor - is a disaster for at least the first three days...You've got this!
Kudos on staying true to your new self. I will not drink with you today.
It's fun to have a hair style.  One of my favorite things is getting my hair done.  Have a great day.  I won't drink with you today.
A good friend of mine would get a new hair cut/style/color after every break-up. Breaking up with alcohol has been my best break-up! Maybe I'll follow suit. 
That is quite the dramatic change! I bet it feels a lot lighter and freer though eh? Think of how easily you'll be able to wash style and go now! I won't drink today either. 
My "sober time hair" has grown in so mush better than my old "drinking hair".  Also my nails are so much more strong and clear. Rooting for you to see these changes and more. (Reminds me I'm up for a haircut this w/e)
I had super long hair too. Chopping it off made my head feel lighter. ..On the bright side it must be easier to get ready in the morning! Also you'll probably use less shampoo/conditioner...and summer will probably be much cooler :) 
I'm glad you kept your resolve! Remember that changes and big decisions can be challenging in early sobriety. I recommend avoiding any big changes and focus on routine and self care for now. It gets boring but it's better than relapsing! 
