-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hgn0i/my_friend_chose_to_die_and_im_struggling/

This is a throwaway account. My good friend was HIV+ and chose to stop taking his medicines over the last year and a half. He didnt tell anybody about he decision to do so. Nobody knew. I know I cant blame myself but looking back all the signs were there. Once we found out it was too late. Once it was too late he had regret. I have drank so much over the last few days...I was doing great and keeping sober until he went downhill. I have so many thoughts and questions. Still not sure how I feel. I am concerned about my drinking. He was a wonderful man who was tired of living. I feel relief for him... but then at times I feel guilty for feeling that relief. Thank you for listening. Typing this out was rough. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am so very sorry for the loss of your friend. I can't imagine the pain. I know that feeling of relief I've felt that same way before. He's at peace now and I'm sure would want you to live your life to it's fullest. ..Have you read *Dry* by Augusten Burroughs? He writes about his friend who was HIV positive and it's very moving. ..My heart goes out to you. Stay safe. I will not drink with you. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. I lost my best friend to fentanyl last year and I spent months trying to drink away the guilt I felt/feel for not being able to help him and for not recognizing that he was killing himself and that he was OK with that. He hurt a lot deep down and part of me felt relieved that he wasn't hurting anymore and the other part of my felt guilty for feeling relieved. I didn't know how to deal with it or even how to talk about it so every night I drank until I was numb and every morning I woke up feeling a little bit worse until I realized that I wasn't that far away from the same fate. I stopped drinking. It was I quiet thing at first I hid my Sobriety in dark corners and never talked about it. I still felt guilty I still felt sad and I still miss him everyday but I knew he would have been proud. We always talked about getting sober and over the years he racked up some respectable sober time but in the end it just took one relapse. He's gone and there's nothing I can do to change that. I sure wasn't able to drink him back to life despite a concerted effort on my part. What I can do is become the person he always thought I was; a strong responsible nerd-ass hippie with a beautiful fiance and a loving family and not the crayon caricature I had become. I can't say I know how you feel but if it's anything like they way I felt then I'm sorry. I do know it hurts and I do know that no amount of liquor is going to make it better. Thanks for posting I'm sending you my best vibes for all its worth. Hang in there friend I will not drink with you today. 
I am sorry. No amount of alcohol is going to bring back your friend. What helped me with issues of grief anger and confusion was seeing a therapist. 
I'm sorry for your loss.  The part that is sad is that he changed his mind and had regret.  I lost a friend to suicide.  He never drank or did drugs.  I still miss him.  I know that each of us is on a different life path.  I won't drink with you today.
I lost a good friend to AIDS.  By the end he wanted to die.  I really could not blame him; it's a horrific disease.  I'm sorry for the loss of your friend.  It's tough on those left behind.
