-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hjcg9/its_me_again/

I had 40'days. I fell off the wagon and I took my husband with me...While sober and dealing with my PAWS and stupid feelings I felt like I was fighting a battle every day.  Tired of fighting I gave in and it was ok for a few days... Well yesterday I got my ass beat...I'm not giving up. I don't feel sorry for myself although I am angry...Drinking led to other destructive behaviors like poor diet choices fighting with my spouse and over spending...I'm ready to start fighting again...I would love to hear some relapse prevention techniques Bc it was easy as hell for that demon who lives in my mind to convince me that it would be ok for me to drink..Thank god it was only a week and the damage I did is minimal...I'm going to start checking in here everyday for starters. And writing and meditation....I won't be able to be very social but that's ok...I'm glad I have this place. Thanks for listening. ..I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Today I'm not drinking with you.
Yup when I relapsed I go so drunk for 2 days that I fought with my spouse and had to be told what I did because I was too drunk to remember.  ..Not really a technique but the thought of the sickness  embarrassment and bad choices makes a difference for me.  I have no control and nothing good comes from drinking ever ... Anyhow... I won't drink with you today
Welcome back friend. Avoid the first drink. If you can you'll avoid them all. I play the tape forward. What will it be like if I were to drink? How did I feel when I was drinking?.None of it is good. I have accepted that this is my challenge and opportunity. I can be happy and healthy. It is up to me. I think about these things when I feel tempted.
I'm trying to learn from my prior relapses. One I know never to underestimate my own demon or let my guard down because he is a clever son of a bitch. I was too lax before stopped being mindful. I try to catch things early. Any thoughts of booze that are the least bit wistful I make note of and try to address because I know they can evolve into cravings. I'm constantly trying to build and fortify my defenses because I know an attack will come. I do that mostly by coming here looking at all the positive stuff people absolutely thriving versus the negative stuff people's near death experiences health scares breakups etc and knowing that could be me next time. Hopefully these things will work for me and I don't have another relapse to try to learn from. but like you I'm looking for all the ideas I can get. 
Hi- Welcome back.  I check in every day and post every day.  It helps.  Have you read This Naked Mind yet?  It's in the sidebar for free.  I won't drink with you today.
