-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hk2eu/i_was_really_struggling_yesterday_but_i_had_an/

I don't know if this idea will help others who are struggling. All I know is it got me through another day of remaining sober when I didn't think I could. ..When you're struggling pick something important to donate to and then just make it through one more day and DONATEYOBOOZEMONEY
----------immediate responses--------

Practicing replacing a drinking activity with a sober activity.  Great approach.  I used to do this now I am going to do that instaed.  May seem awkward at first but with enough repitition the unusual may become the ordinary.
Great idea!
Love this!
that's awesome! love it &lt;3
AMAZEBALLS
Totally doing this!  Thx for the inspiration.
Ace idea! I just got paid for a big chunk of work and I have a plan that if I keep my savings in my savings account untouched for three months I get a reward. ..God I remember when I would get to the end of each month with zero money in my account having to pay for everything in the last week on credit card then I would start the cycle again. Obviously I never thought - maybe I could just not drink this week. ..I thought I was sensible because my 'debts weren't that bad' - bloody booze. No more of that bollocks. 
Nice idea. 
Good stuff. I used to do something similar but instead of donating to a charity I would put the money into my IRA (which is my de facto college fund for my 3-year-old).
I love this idea!!!  Thank you for sharing it. 
I have also kept track of money saved. In reitrement this has meant the difference between continuing to go to Nordstroms or not going to Nordstroms. Nordstroms waaaay more important to me than drinking!
Great idea!..One thing you can try in the future (in combination!) is to not worry about making it through the day just the next hour.  Or the next 10 minutes or 5 minutes...  (And hey if you combine that with your idea that could be a heckofa donation!  ;)..In truth all you need is whatever works for you.  Congrats on another day sober!!!  (And on a fantastic and thoughtful idea!!!)
I'm donating the money to my savings account.  I am my own biggest charity case.  :)  I won't drink with you today.
