-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hn5nm/day_4/

I had a hell of a time falling asleep last night. At first i figured it was just because I drank too much coffee during the day at work or maybe just stress from finances and work related stuff but the more I lay there thinking it started to dawn on me that drinking regularly might be why. I use to drink and pass out not necessarily black out but enough to get me "relaxed" enough to fall asleep. That kind of made me realize that really did use alcohol as a crutch and excuse for everything. I still haven't drank since my relapse but I know now I've got to be vigilant when it comes to my sobriety. I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep it up! It gets better!
Getting out of the habit of using alcohol to aid sleep has been one of the toughest for me. However I found after about a week of really struggling I have since had more restful sleep than any I had had when alcohol was involved. So while it might take me a bit longer to fall asleep - I'm getting more out of the sleep when I get there! Good luck with your journey! 
Getting out of the habit of using alcohol to aid sleep has been one of the toughest for me. However I found after about a week of really struggling I have since had more restful sleep than any I had had when alcohol was involved. So while it might take me a bit longer to fall asleep - I'm getting more out of the sleep when I get there! Good luck with your journey! 
Alcohol is the root of the problem with the sleep.  I also fell into the trap of drinking to help me fall asleep.  Unbeknownst to me it was the cause of my waking up at 2-3 am like clockwork.  When a glass of wine had turned into 2-3/night that was enough to screw up my sleep.  So then when I would wake up I would get a bit of wine to go back to sleep.  What is really going on is the brain is furiously trying to balance.  Alcohol is a depressant.  The brain throws off upper chemicals to counteract it.  When the alcohol levels go down the brain is still jacked up from the upper chemicals it put out .  This is why the wake-up in the middle of the night.  Sleep will come.  I take melatonin gaba and valarian root one hour before bed. No caffeine after late afternoon.  I won't drink with you today.
