-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hscr8/day_2_friends_dont_help/

Hi. It's a bright and sunny day in Northern England and my friends are pestering me to go out and get drunk. ..I've been doing this long enough now to know it's nobody's responsibility but mine to quit drinking and I can't blame factors outside myself because ultimately I'm the one who chooses to take that first drink. ..But it's difficult having no support network of people my own age. What's worse some of these friends know how hard it is they struggle themselves but this seems to go out the window when they want a drinking buddy. ..Oh well I've just got to keep on keeping on.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you could start looking for sober friends that helps me a lot. Tonight we all went and saw a movie after a meeting. Not a bad time at all and nobody was asking anyone to get fucked up. It's been refreshing having sober friends I highly recommend it.
I relate desperately want a network of people who have better more interesting and healthy ways to adventure and enjoy life. The annoying thing is that I am very social even sober and genuinely love doing new stuff visiting new places hiking beach cooking movies whatever - without drinking. Just got to find others who know how. Crazy how many people can't imagine fun without booze!
My best (and at this point only - really) friend moved 8 hours away six months ago. I will see her this week sometime and I am so so excited. She doesn't know I'm sober but she was still my BFF when I quit for a month in 2015. I'm hopeful that she will be excited for me.
Hi I'm from northern England and it seems we Brits think sunshine think beer. It is difficult when everyone seems to be hanging out in beer gardens. But take off the rose tinted spectacles and fast forward to tomorrow. Will they all look so glamorous in the morning? Will they all be saying thank god I got shit faced last night? Will they all be saying I only spent a fiver? What they will be saying is I wish I was like you feeling amazing. Tomorrow is supposed to be even better weather! And you will be able I enjoy it. I won't drink with you today 
I got a lot of support at meetings and made new sober friends!
The only way to meet people is by going out and doing stuff.  How about take a class?  Meetup groups?  How about starting a hobby?  I won't drink with you today.
I know sorry! Why did they bring fever tree tonic out? 
At the moment I'm too scared to even have a non alcoholic beer in case it sets me off!! I'll stick to my ginger cordial! Where about a in the north are you 
