-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hsqei/what_the_hell_back_at_it_full_on/

I'm Daily drinking - at lunchtime and evening - Actually throw in some mornings. Losing control of normal thought processes and the rest. .I am struggling to stop this year. I've gone for a few month stretches sober but end up back   drinking . Today I renew my effort again to stop for good. I'm feeling embarrassed given the number of times I've said that this year. .I need a hug from this wonderful community so badly right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! It's a constant battle that's for sure.. It doesn't matter how many times you have fallen as long as you keep getting back up! &lt;3 much love! I will not be drinking with you today!
  
I'm the same boat this year too but it's just a rough patch. You have the ability to get better and stop drinking! Don't be too hard on yourself. 
I've stopped for a couple years and for a couple months at a time. I think it's a gift that I can even recognize on my own and stop when I know it's no longer "fun" and only harming me. I know many people who don't even consider stopping drinking for more than a few days. I want to stop for good this time and I will not be drinking with you today.
Sending good vibes your way - stay strong even if it's one hour at a time  
Massive hug coming at you.
Be kind to yourself. You're all right. ..Remember you have another path. You can choose not to drink just for today. 
Sending you an Internet hug.
If you're not giving up then no need for embarrassment I'm only 14 days in and every day I wake up gulp okay here we go again!  We all just keep on trying. So welcome back! This alcohol shit is so hard to shake. I will not drink with you today. (As an aside I have to move so was looking looking online at potential places today. Found myself thinking mmmm yes I can imagine myself sitting with a nice glass* of wine on that balcony with that lovely view...wait...wtf?!!...I'm not drinking any more! Jesus! I tell you what for me alcohol has this vice-like grip on my brain/my thinking and it's gonna take a lot of just trying and trying every day every day to prise that shit off and get free again. So I'm right here with ya!) *It would not ever have been 'just a glass'...
Never feel embarrassed about trying..you should be proud of yourself. You are refusing to give up and thats a great strength. Promise you somethings gonna just click and it will work for you. ..you remember how great it feels to be sober you can have all of that back again. Day by day my friend Im pulling for you!..I wont drink with you today but I will give you a huge hug :)
No need to feel embarrassed - you are trying your are courageous for trying you are working on making yourself better. Keep coming back keep making yourself better. I will not drink with you today. Good luck!!!
This too shall pass. Reach out for help; there is nothing embarrassing about it. .Sending hugs  
What are your plans for doing something different in order to change the outcome?
