-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hwfrl/first_post_on_reddit/

Hey all! I've been lurking around this sub for a while now and felt it was time to become involved with the community. For the past couple of years I have constantly tried -and failed- to kick my nasty drinking habit. Looking inward I came to the conclusion that I primarily use alcohol as a crutch to deal with issues such as stress depression and even boredom. Although I had always been aware of this it never was enough to stop me. .Recently (as in the past few months) I have taken more serious steps to try and quit. Unfortunately however the struggle still continues. I hope that by reaching out to this sub I can understand what sort of tactics have worked for those who have been a bit more successful than myself. .Attempts to quit in the past have ended within relatively short periods of time. In the past month the longest stretch of sobriety has been 9 days. However for myself my friends and my family I want to increase that stretch as much as I possibly can. .It's day 1 and I will not be drinking with you tonight!.
----------immediate responses--------

Staying sober was too difficult without a support system. A therapist rehab outpatient doctor psychiatrist and AA taught me how to have a sober happy life. 
Welcome!! I will be happy to stay sober with you tonight!
The things that I've found useful:.* Journaling/writing how I feel when I let myself down and drink.* Visualizing the process from initial relief at drinking all the way to the hangover the next day.* Exercise sunshine.* Breaking my routine when I usually drink.* Ice cream.* Tracking calories (don't want to waste then on alcohol).* Frequent checking/reading off this subreddit.* Keeping a list of why I don't want to drink on my person and reading it when things get tough.* Coffee/soda 
Welcome. I hope you find SD helpful. ..I spent quite a few years getting ready to quit by which I mean I thought about it had an awareness that my life wasn't going to improve til I did it and had a somewhat vague intent to do it...someday. But whoa boy when the day finally came I was DONE. Really committed. I think my high level of motivation was the key but the specific things I did that helped were:..Individual therapy/treating my co-occurring mood disorder.Exercise.Mindfulness practice (for me this includes listening to music).Support system (SMART Recovery AA family &amp; friends).Journaling.Figuring out what I really enjoy doing and then doing it!..... 
It's my first day as well. I realized I've been using it as crutch and I cannot anymore. Luckily my wife has successfully quit and I have many people at work and in my family for a support system. They've all gone through the same struggle I am currently. So I say this to you in the midst of headaches cold sweats and the shakes. We can do this!
I use AA exercise meditation therapy antidepressants movies among other things. What I don't use is willpower because I have never been able to will myself out of insanity. 
The Naked Mind by Annie Grace was kind of a "waking up" moment for me. Really helped me see alcohol for what is was. ..Don't give up is my best advice and keep checking in here! 
It seems that you have started on the right path by identifying your triggers (stress depression and even boredom) things that mindfulness and urge surfing can help with.  I found that the more I read and educated myself the more convinced I was to stay sober.  Read Annie Grace's book see side bar and watch this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-9DgRg60Ek).  Stay strong.  
Welcome! I don't have any great advice at the moment just wanted to let you know that I read your post can relate and that I have found this to be a great and helpful community! So I was glad to see that you jumped in. Of triggers you mentioned boredom was a big one for me. My experience has been that not only do I feel like I can tolerate boredom better now I also feel like I have more time energy and drive to get things done in my life. It's a positive thing that has given me a sense of satisfaction and it builds over time. I will not drink with you today!
I was always weakest late afternoon - early evening. Bring dinner time forward..And one day at a time. Forget tomorrow next week next month or that celebration later in the year..Wherever your journey takes you please never give up on giving up comrade  
Welcome to SD. ..Your story is very similar to mine. I am 43 and have been drinking for all the same reasons. Drinking was something I did when there was nothing else to do. Then it became something to do when I was doing something else. Bored anxious stressed happy sad. All of these times. All times...I quit a few times. Lasted a year once. Last few times it was a little over a week and would start drinking again.  ..This time I just don't care about alcohol or those who drink it. I'm done with it.  ..Good luck to you random person I wish you all the best!
