-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hwrqq/smart/

Disclaimer: this is in no way meant to promote one recovery program over another I merely want to share my experience with those curious about this particular program based on my first impressions...So I went to my first SMART meeting Thursday; my first recovery meeting ever. I've been thinking for years that I needed to quit drinking and recent events have solidified that thought. I always knew about AA and I did plenty of research on the group but it just seemed incompatible with the way I think and feel about things. After deciding to get serious about sobriety I did research on alternatives and found a SMART meeting in my town. ..It was a very positive experience nothing like I expected. Jokes senses of humor positive energy openness and a very welcoming vibe. I rarely feel safe my first time doing anything but I was surprised at how comfortable I felt and all without social lubricant! It was a very judgement-free and safe space so much so that I ended up sharing and participating...I chose SMART because it aims to be a form of cognitive therapy in a group setting with principles you can apply to anything from alcohol to cocaine to gambling to food to anger etc. which are all things that I struggle with to varying degrees. While there I learned that the whole meeting is a conversation - even during check-in and check-out you're encouraged to ask questions or share any comments that might be relevant...They focus on self-control rather than total abstinence which helps remove a lot of the shame and stigma I feel for being an addict and for me is actually more empowering to practice the abstinence I know I personally need.  They do encourage you to think about something bigger than yourself but not necessarily a "higher power" - for me that something bigger meant my sibling being able to trust that I could watch the kids without raiding the liquor cabinet throwing up on the carpet and ignoring my responsibility to my family. My synthesis of it is encouragement to get out of the extremely selfish and narcissistic mindset that fuels (my personal) addiction. They also provide a workbook online meetings and resources and a weekly homework assignment. I felt very positive and confident leaving that meeting even looking forward to going back next week...One thing I've noticed in a lot of addicts is feelings of alienation loneliness and hopelessness. One positive side effect for me is that I think I will also be able to utilize these meetings and tools to help overcome the anxiety and insecurities that steer me towards alcohol in the first place. ..Again this is not meant to be an advert nor is it "my recovery program can beat up your recovery program." Just something that would've helped meif I had read it before going. If you have any questions feel free to ask and I will answer them the best I can.
----------immediate responses--------

I just wanted to agree with pretty much your whole message. I'm a huge fan of SMART - it's been working for me (alongside a host of other tools). I like the focus on the practical side of things. I also really love the collaboration of everyone there. I just went to my first LifeRing meeting as well another option. It's more of a check-in (sit in a circle) but I also found it good in a different way. I figure I'll throw everything I can get at this beast. 
Yep! I love SMART. I didn't even know it existed when I first quit drinking so I went to AA but that wasn't a good fit philosophically. I then found my way over to SMART and did that for a time. I agree with you about the conversational character of the meetings and I loved the empowering message. I don't go to meetings anymore but if I ever feel the need for a support group again that's where I'd go.
Love SMART meetings!!!  Always a great experience! 
