-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6hxmvp/stopped_almost_six_months_ago_depression_has/

I was googling looking for answers and came across a little bit of insight which didn't help.  It's called dry drunk not in a derogatory way just meaning I stopped drinking without solving underlying issues.  I searched dry drunk on /r/stopdrinking and it didn't bring many useful results.  Anyway depression is killing me.  ..I quit drinking six months ago.  I needed to quit not sure it's done me any good so far.  I haven't addressed underlying issues and my depression which has always been an issue is currently the worst I ever remember it.  I'm having significant suicidal thoughts (I'd never do it because I love my kids more than myself) but I've been thinking about it a lot.  And I know I'm not doing my kids any good anyway.  I alternate between anger and ignoring them.  ...My weight had been a struggle and due to some lingering knee issues I can't do the one thing I've always relied on for exercise and my mental health cycling.  ...I'm having trouble facing the world each day.  Any people are too many people.  I need a haircut but am struggling to make an appt. Routine things are eating me up.  I'm at a new job which is fine but stressful I'm itself.  ...My wife has gained significant weight in the last two years to the point I can't even look at her.  But I think that's just a symptom of falling away from her. I married her a little heavy and loved her dearly.  Now she's just spilling out.  Please don't judge I feel bad enough about it already.  I don't have satisfying sex....I'm not sure what to do.  I don't want to talk to anyone.  I don't really like the whole concept.  Several years ago I was on Zoloft for about six months which helped my mood but I was gaining weight even faster and was feeling better so I weaned off.  And new job means I'm between insurance at the moment....I'd really like to just drink again.  It allowed me to have fun with my kids every evening when I got home.  Now I'm just useless.  ...My depression used to be more bipolar if that's possible.  I'd go though cycles anywhere from 20 to 60 days of "take on the world" to laying silently in bed.  Now I'm just constantly severely depressed.  I'm thinking of moving out for a month just to spare my family from my presence.  ...Edit: Thanks to all of you who replied.  It was a nice wake up call this morning.  I'm recommitting to being sober and I will try to work toward better coping.  .
----------immediate responses--------

For me dealing with underlying issues was is key. My PTSD gets worse when I am not drinking. However my depression gets better because not drinking lets my medication (Bupropion) actually do it's job. I had to try many medications before finding the right fit. I had to try many different forms of therapy and stick with therapy (3 yrs almost now) to get to where I am now. I am a binge drinker and never drank for days in row. however I hardly have ever had 30 days or more sober in a row.
Congrats on 6 months alcohol free.  One little step at a time and before you know it  things are getting done.  I play little games in my head to get me going if need be.  OK.  First I brush my teeth.  Next a shower.  Then I get 5 minute break.  You can do this.  Maybe you can interest your wife in trying together to lose weight and get in shape.  How about taking walks together.  I do my best to eat organic whole food.  Cooking can be fun and it is so cheap and healthy.  Little steps.  I am cheering for you.  I won't drink with you today.
I had heavy anxiety the first month when I quit. It then sort of went away (lingered a bit). But now it seems to be back. I am going to ask my doctor about an anxiety med. 
If you want to beat yourself up then hand me the stick. ..Of course stopping booze has done you good: you're a biological system that requires water and food to function not poison that has no redeeming value. Don't sell yourself short and remember the mind is the most powerful thing known to man in the universe. We must be careful with it. Mine will go off the rails in a minute.  It's not right nor wrong nor should I follow or engage...For myself it's way too easy to idealize suicide and assume the role of the universe's victim. That thinking gets me nowhere and does me no good. We suffer from birth and to become okay with suffering and embrace it is my main goal. ..This is not any easy road to walk and alcohol only serves as a shortcut to losing oneself...I quit drinking knowing it was but a symptom of existential crises within myself. My solution for fulfillment lies in every moment of every day I live. Will I open myself up to support relationships new ways of acting? Or will I look back at a dead past and allow my mind to spin tales of endearment towards a poison that fucked me up?..I choose not to go back to intoxication as it was all shit. I am supposed to be pure. At times it's arduous but that's the beauty. There are no shortcuts. ..I would recommend reaching out. Therapy meetings this website other websites self - help books exercise. Action will get you what you want. You're not alone and it starts now. 
It was not all too long ago that I was severely depressed and suicidal. At this current point in time I'm happier than I've ever been. By far the most effective thing I did for myself to be able to move on from such dark times was I began meditating. What it enabled me to do was realize the voice in my head isn't me and that that voice can sometimes present an extremely distorted inaccurate version of reality. I'm not the thoughts I'm the one who is aware of them. Once I switched from being the thinker to the observer my life changed entirely and a new world was given to me to live in. It's a new world where basically everything is exactly the same on the external level but on the internal level I live in heaven a state of bliss and joy in most every moment...No matter where you are at there is absolutely hope for a better life. What it will take is not just external changes such as not drinking but more so internal changes changes in perspective and an ability to not identify as thoughts. Our thoughts are just a reflection of our vibration so when our vibration is low and we feel low our thoughts reflect this by being negative and toxic. Perhaps look into meditation and see if it might help you calm down and move past the dark times. ..Good luck on your journey I promise if you give an honest and open effort towards yourself and getting better everything will work out!
You seem to know what you need. I would do whatever it takes to deal with the issues (you know what they are). There are great websites in Australia that deal with depression and anxiety and offer a broad range of help from professional to community forums. I'm sure there are similar sites wherever you are...The thing I found most helpful was finding a link to doctors and therapists in my local area. It was the beginning of it all for me and now I feel much more in control of my thoughts rather than being controlled by them...I read something on here yesterday and can't find it now but the gist of it was that the person who had fun with your kids is still there. It's you it was you all along. ..
I can relate to this. I suffer rebound depression too and I realised that before I started drinking and drugging heavily 7 years ago I felt exactly the same. So the way I see it is I could have used those 7 years fixing my issues rather than pouring drink on them. Drinking only temporarily and artificially masks my dissatisfaction at living and so I should spend my time looking for safer and more fulfilling alternatives. ..It's always easy to glorify drink in retrospect but you can't forget the insomnia the physical pain the anxiety between drinks. ..One thing that helps me is mindfulness meditation and maybe you could try self-help books/spiritual books or seeing a counsellor. It's hard to summon the motivation to do these things but it's better than doing nothing. .
There are quite a few of us here who can relate me included. About a third of folks with alcohol use disorder also have moderate depression. The good news is now that you're sober meds work better and many of the tools you used to deal with urges to drink can be used to deal with your depression...I was about 6 months sober when I started dealing with my depression. Meds meditation counseling and cognitive behavior therapy are tools that really helped me. It was scary it was hard but it paid off in the end. Its still a struggle but one I understand much better...[Burns' "Feeling Good"](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0380810336/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_IQMrzbAMDKM51)
You are reminding me of myself. I think it was at about 6-9 months in that I realized I had a serious mood disorder. For me it was crippling anxiety complete with panic attacks and a level of depression that could best be described as self-loathing. ..I understood pretty well that if I continued to feel that way I would eventually drink...that in fact my drinking had been fueled by those very feelings. ..I got myself into therapy and am so glad I did. Therapy exercise and a low dose SSRI have literally saved my sanity.
