-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6i18ln/been_struggling_with_heavy_drinking_for_some_time/

Dear Dad and Mom..To put everything that you want to say into words without leaving things out can be difficult if you don't write them down; so I figured I'd do exactly that. First I want to reassure that what happened last night is not something I myself take lightly. Even had you remained unaware of my behavior it would not be something that I myself view as acceptable. I'm well aware of the toxicity of alcohol and the effects it can have on ones life when not confronted after-all I'm a _____. That's not to pardon me for my decisions or behavior it's my life and my decisions will ultimately be the benefactor of whatever outcomes will arise in my life. .	.You have always been supportive and loving parents and I hate that on what is Fathers Day I have diverted all attention to myself. But I feel I owe you what explanation I have as I know you are both concerned. I'm fully conscious that I have to be cautious in my decisions when it comes to alcohol. I don't drink during the week exactly because of this; I truly fear the potential outcomes that could arise from introducing alcohol into my life on a daily basis. Fortunately it's not even a conscience decision I have to make and aside from the one or two beers I drink while doing yard work I feel no allure on a daily basis..	.I do however find myself in the situations I put myself in last night too often. When I go out to bars I find myself overwhelmed often anxious by the atmosphere. In response I continue to drink with intent to fix the feeling that I am somehow out of place and perhaps more alcohol will assuage the situation. I also find myself in a group of friends which I feel is ultimately bonded by that of alcohol. The drinking behavior that exists within this group which has often deterred the likes of those where moderation is favored is the behavior that I have unfortunately come to embrace when we are together. This is something I believe we are all cognizant of but this is about me so I'll digress. .	.I want to finish with the reassurances that while I know you want to hear are truly my personal feelings and intentions for my future. I think about meeting the demands that will come with attending law school this August everyday. They are demands I am both capable and intend to fulfill. I do not take lightly the loans I am taking out and I am fully aware of the consequences that will be imposed on my life should I not put fourth my best foot over the course of the next three years. In conflating making you proud and achieving personal success I have no greater intention than that of graduating from ____ Law in the top of my class. ..I know that last night marks what has been a chain of some of the disappointing decisions in my life but I truly want you to know that the above is not simply rhetoric. I sincerely apologize for my behavior and assure you that I will never take lightly the damaging effects of alcohol. I intend to more consciously adopt a lifestyle that will negate these effects and will never show up back to this house in the manner I did last night. ..							 With Love.								.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck at law school. Awesome if you to write to your folks.
Did you stop drinking?  I won't drink with you today.
Good luck!  Look forward to hearing more about your journey!
Bars are anxiety-inducing places for me too. As you look ahead to law school what vision do you have for your social life? With some creativity and courage I bet you can establish some friendships and regular social activities that do not revolve around drinking. 
What exactly is your plan?   Does it include counseling therapy rehab AA Smart Refuge Recovery?  Something?         .Are you asking them to hold you accountable to it? ..That's probably what they want to hear.
