-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6i52cr/failed_but_i_wont_let_myself_regret_it_i_have/

I am not 22 days sober. I'm actually experiencing the dreaded 3am wake up after going to bed drunk. Stressed. Feeling miserable. I have a personal review with my bosses later today. I am way to busy at work to be distracted by that daily routine that is fog fatigue and guilt in the morning. ...Regardless of what I say next I am completely responsible and accountable for my decisions and actions. ..My negative statement about my wife being a narcissistic bully is not the complete picture of our relationship. But I only highlight it here because it has been a major trigger in my drinking for years. Once I am more comfortable walking the sober road I am sure many things in my life like my relationship with my wife will be seen in a slightly different light and I can deal with it. Sober. ..When I quit drinking 22 days ago it felt soooo good. Was surprisingly easy. RELATIVELY speaking. I refused to dwell on that by simply forcing myself to take it one day at a time. ..But I did not anticipate vacation with my wife and being with her every single day for 9 days straight. It wouldn't have stopped me from quitting but this relapse in hindsight is totally predictable. I calmly gave in to the whiskey...I have learned from this. The very real downside is that I no longer have that little smug feeling that it was easy. I'm truly absolutely fucking scared now. ..I now understand others' relapses. Like a slap upside the head "Oh! I get it now. This is serious!" ..I'm so glad you're all here. I'm really going to need you. ..So it is with 100% calm determined commitment that I have decided to not drink today...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Pepper I'm glad to see you. Keep fighting. You are worth it.
Congratulations!..When I realized I could make 24 hours I knew I just needed some structure and support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
Man I hate that 3 am wakeup. After 3 attempts and 3 relapses I've lost my cockiness too...hoping that's a good thing. What I hate is that the first drink of a relapse feels like a choice. The weeks of daily blackout drinking that follows does not. Good for you not letting it progress like that. Good luck on your performance review. I won't drink with you today 
Welcome back.  It's a learning curve;0  I won't drink with you today.
