-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6iby72/chronic_relapser/

Hello Guys I've been a long time lurker of this sub and have finally decided to dip my toes into the pool and post. I'm 32 years old and have been drinking since I was 19 so 13 years I've washed down the drain. Alcohol has gotten me 50 days in jail A DUI An Assault Charge two totaled cars. You know the usual shit alcohol does to ya. Ive burned bridges and fade away socially because I slowly became embarrassed by my behavior. I decided to quit drinking back in December. While I was successful at first But i could never seem to go past a ten day stretch where I would relapse and drink for a couple of days. ..Now it's finally June Months since I've broken many promises to myself that I finally said enough is enough.  I've definitely have tasted the amazing feeling of sobriety a few times this year No anxiety clearer thoughts restful sleep. The only issues I've been having is triggers I guess you could say (mostly relationship problems) my SO have been together for over two years and we met when I was still drinking a lot and she says that I've changed a lot since I've quit or cut back severely how much I drink. (She was never a big drinker to begin with. ) she says my reactions to situations are completely different I never get angry anymore but I also don't have the passion or drive that I used too when I was drinking. (I guess I spoke more about things I wanted to do when I was drunk) actually I talked all the time  while drinking and have suddenly become an introvert in a lot of ways. ..Has anyone noticed big shifts in personality since becoming sober? If so how did you deal with it? I've found myself questioning a lot of things in my life now since a lot of it was alcohol driven. Even my Relationship is up in the air because I'm just unhappy in it. But regardless I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I recognize a similarity. I talk less bullshit now this might be recognized as a lack of drive. But I don't give a shit to be honest. 
The personality change necessary to recover from alcoholism is dramatic. There is a book fillled with first-hand stories about these changes.  Your story sounds a lot like mine which resembles Bill Wilson's.  Our real personality emerges from the alcoholic fog and is always more genuine and almost always much improved.
I have the relationship thing... where now when I don't numb my emotions anymore I see that I often used to drink because I was unhappy. It makes me question my relationship for sure. And I sometimes find it hard not to simply numb out again when the shot hits the fan... but simply being present and staying in the situation makes the emotions wash over me rather quickly and I am fine again. .And in social situations I guess I have gotten quieter I am an introvert. But I try my best at having engaging conversations asking questions and really LIISTENING. Seems to work as people feel taken seriously when they feel I really listen and concentrate on them. Most of the time I still feel anxious and a little off because my old crutch is missing but it's slowly getting easier. .You can do this! I will not drink with you today. 
I find that it's easier for me to admit not knowing something of take responsibility for a mistake.  I think it's because I have more confidence in general.  Getting used to having real confidence in myself has been a pleasant adjustment.  I'm less fearful and I confront people in calm(er) and focused ways when needed. ..Lots of other personality traits that I wish would alter appear unchanged like my horrible tendency to procrastinate and my occasional laziness.  Sigh.  
Personality changes? Oh yes. Although it's probably more accurate to say that drinking distorted my personality and thought process and after I quit I was able to become the person I really am deep inside. ..When I was drinking I thought of myself as a useless being devoid of value. I now recognize that although I have many flaws I have some very positive traits too and have as much intrinsic value as everyone else. Now that I see that I am able to treat myself and others with respect and as a result my life is very full now.
