-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ih4u9/resolutions/

Hello all.  First I'd like to say thank for those that reached out and replied to a post I had late last week.  I was in dire psychological pain due to some poor decisions I made with a very close friend.  My actions were terrifying and probably wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been under the influence.  I hurt someone that was very important to me and will most likely never see her again.  Thankfully after writing her a letter while sober I was able to get a response.  Even though it was still hard to accept it gave me a little relief...I am new to this sub and overall I don't really participate in Reddit that much.  But I need something.  I am only two days sober.  I am a teacher and a full-time student.  I live in a big city that has terrible public transportation and I do not have a vehicle at this time so AA meetings are difficult for me to make..The hardest part of losing someone and then trying to find sobriety is being alone.  I've never in my life been good at that.  It's day two and I can feel the anxiety setting in.  I have so much studying to do yet it's so difficult to concentrate.  Financial troubles have mounted over the last few months and life events have been hilariously out of my control.  Most of my wounds have been self-inflicted yet I am resolved to change.  How can I expect to be good for someone if I don't love myself and I absolutely cannot do that with alcohol. ..I'm sick of scaring myself and pushing loved ones out of my life.  Thus no matter how hard this will be I am resolving to change.  I'm thankful this sub is here and wish everyone that is going through the same struggles as I am the best of luck and hope that by caring for other's well-being I can finally find some piece of mind.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  You're going to find many friends here.  I won't drink with you today!
Welcome.  A lot of people read This Naked Mind as a sobriety jump starter.  Really shows alcohol in a different light.  I won't drink with you today.
I'm glad you're here welcome!  I will not drink with you tonight.
Glad you're here!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
