-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6iiom8/whiteknuckling/

It's been almost 3 weeks since my last drink! I'm loving the changes in my body and mind and I'm fully committed to continuing along this path. I've noticed that I get rather tired throughout the day and go to bed completely exhausted. So far I've chalked this up to workouts and a demanding grad school schedule. Today however I learned about another possible explanation...I finally saw an addiction services counselor at my school today. When I told her that I'd had a couple of withdrawal-induced seizures over the last months that I'd tapered on my own and was now completely alcohol-free she was aghast. She asked me what my support system was and I told her that I'd gone to an AA meeting and that I check a Reddit forum regularly (what up SD!? :D). She told me that I was "white-knuckling" sobriety and that for my sake I should find an outpatient program. ..I looked up "white-knuckling." It's the idea that some people will give up alcohol purely on will power but don't change anything else about their lifestyle and therefore end up exhausted and likely to relapse. ..Maybe this is part of why I'm so tired all the time? ..Have you guys heard of this term? Is it a thing that you've gone through? If so when was the point when you felt like you stopped "white-knuckling" and were able to relax your grip a bit?
----------immediate responses--------

I found myself tired the first few months. I chalk it up to my body and mind going through massive change..I was drinking daily for 12 years then stopped. I believe my body is resetting itself. It's close to 6 months now and I am past the exhausted stage the last couple of months. I had 10 months last year and fell back into it. I am currently using AA and the support I am getting seems to be making a difference for me this go. I am working on my sobriety and the things that made me drink. Not drinking is the start for me. Now the real work begins.  Good luck and hang in there. I keep my sobriety first and make a conscience effort daily to strengthen my resolve.
I have heard others refer to it--when you quit but don't address the reasons that led you to be an addict you are likely to relapse. A few years ago I had the opportunity to meet and have dinner with author Augusten Burroughs. When everyone ordered drinks at the table I quietly asked if it was an issue for him. He said "If I wanted to drink yes. But I no longer have the desire to drink so it doesn't phase me to see other people do it." I think that's the opposite of white knuckling and where we all want to be. 
Outpatient was excellent. I learned about myself and how to use sober living tools. There is more to sobriety than simply not drinking. 
My father was an alcoholic. He quit when I was two because mother threatened to leave him. When I've talked to him about it since he describes hinself as a 'dry alcoholic' with much the same meaning as 'white knuckling it'. He says it was just sheer force of willpower that kept him sober for 16 years. He admits he failed to address the reasons why he drank and that was why he was so damned angry and controlling and miserable the whole time. ..Once mother finally left him it was only after relapsing hard that he quit and began to deal with his emotional issues. He started meditating and going for walks and gardening doing healthy productive things. Instead of spending all his time yelling at the computer and smashing plates...My own experience has been that after quitting emotions have presented themselves to me so hard and with such reality that I haven't had any choice but to think about what and why they are. And that process has been difficult but has helped to keep me sober one day at a time...I think it also helps that I like deadlifting so I can focus some of the negativity that inevitably springs from the wells of memory and emotion on lifting something really heavy up and then putting it back down again. When I let go of the bar I let go of some of those emotions too.
I felt like I stopped white knuckling sobriety when I got a sponsor and started actually doing the 12 steps. Gradually I began to act a little more sane and once my behavior improved my thinking (somewhat) did as well. But today I am still convinced that if I stop going to meetings exercising meditating and praying my brain will go back its to default mode of bat-shit crazy and it would only be a matter of time before I pick up a drink or do something equally destructive.
I have heard the term.  Personally I think it is overly used to push certain paths to sobriety when I feel that there are many paths and that some that work for certain people and not necessarily for others.  ..I do agree with the idea that it is very important to change things in one's life to sustain sobriety.  I also have experienced burn out from changing TOO many things at once.   I was the classic "I'm gonna give up drinking and smoking and eating any junk food and exercise three times a day and and and"  I never lasted more than about a month and then I was back to me old ways in no time flat...I spent the first few months this time around taking LOTS of time to analyze what I needed to sustain my sobriety.  For me that meant stress reduction self care and kindness me time asking for help in many areas of my life staying socially active and being accountable.  ..I am a list maker and I found making lists of goals and perceived pros and cons of alcohol (and how to get the pros without alcohol) and tracking how I was feeling was useful...However you go about your sobriety be proud of yourself.  You're doing a great thing for you!  I'm glad you're okay.  Withdrawal can kill folks.  :(   
I white-knuckled but used this book to help frame my mind and condition myself mentally into quitting.Allen Carr : The easy way to control alcohol...However and I can't stress this enough once the seizures started I went to see a doctor and was put on benzos for a week to help me out. I reckon the dosage wasn't enough because I went through 2-3 days of very frightening hallucinations after that. Unfortunately I don't have any access to English language support (I'm in rural Japan) so SD is my only support now. I don't have any cravings this time other times when I tried to quit I was climbing the walls desperate for a drink constantly thinking about it. I'm not sure why but I just feel sick and tired of my old lifestyle. The only thing I've done so far to fill the hole left from quitting alcohol is reading a lot of popular science and current affairs books but I feel that my brain is enjoying the change in stimulation. So I guess I'm white knuckling but my drinking was more out of habit than emotional necessity. I was physically hooked but mentally disgusted from alcohol. If you're 3 weeks in already you're over the worst of the physical withdrawal. You might need some occasional sleep aid etc. but I recommend Allen Carr's book for mentally preparing yourself for a life without alcohol.  
Early on is hard show me someone who is not "white knuckling" early and I'll be impressed. I think it's a loaded term but also I think early on simply not drinking takes up a lot of mental energy. Thinking about stupid booze and reexamining your entire life is exhausting! Being able to ride it out and getting some distance from it all is a beautiful thing.    
[removed]
