-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ij7pg/my_first_year_of_many_without_alochol/

I can't believe it's been a whole year without alcohol. As I sit here I wanted to take a minute to reflect on what this year has meant to me. Maybe my journey can be of some assistance to another person who is going through similar struggles that I did. ..I made the commitment to give up alcohol for my wife and son. I had many failed attempts at quitting before. It seemed like I was never going to be able to kick the addiction. I wanted to stop drinking but I kept giving in. I found this subreddit and saw that success is actually truly attainable. That's all I needed. I decided that it was going to work this time. This time I had a motivation too. I had an epiphany that my life and my actions affect more than just me. While drinking I wasn't always being the greatest husband to my wife and now with my son celebrating his first Father's Day I wanted to make sure he had a dad that he was always proud of one that was always fully present in his life. Alcohol would prevent that I knew. ..I gave up alcohol on Father's Day of 2016. I knew that if I kept going down the course I was going it was going to lead to something I would heavily regret. I changed the script before the script changed me. ..Honestly this has been the best year of my life. Without alcohol holding me down I've been able to lose 50 lbs I have been able to exercise incredible focus clarity and will power and I've been able to be proud of every decision I've made. I've been able to wake up every morning and remember exactly what I did the night before. I wake up without headaches or hangovers. I don't snore anymore. I haven't had to hide anything from my loved ones. I haven't had the internal battle of whether I should stop at the bar or beer store on the way home. I haven't had to check my breath because I knew people would smell alcohol. All of that was gone and I finally became the person I knew I could be. ..I feel liberated. I feel alive. I attribute almost all of my success to journaling. I keep a letter that I wrote to myself in my commonplace book that I would read any time I had the urge to drink. It reminded me of why I was doing this and the consequences of what would happen if I had that first drink. I wrote the letter to my future self and as I read it the few dozen occasions that I felt the urge to drink I always followed my past-self's advice because I was proud of the person i was becoming. ..To everyone reading this don't give up no matter how many times you stumble. You will achieve success if you believe it's possible. And that success is amazing. I stumbled a lot before this success. Now I have no desire to drink alcohol. I replaced my craft beer "hobby" with drinking delicious coffee. I now love drinking coffee black and I've been ordering coffee online from places like Bones and Death Wish. I also love exercising now. I never really cared for it before because I didn't have the energy and motivation. ..Thanks to everyone for all of their support their guidance and for taking this journey with me. I truly believe it is absolutely one of the most worthwhile things we can do for ourselves and for our close loved ones who love us who depend on us and who care about us. 
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful. Thanks for sharing this. 
Thank you so much for sharing a real success story.  It is very inspirational.  What struck me was "Without alcohol holding me down I've been able to........."  I came to the same conclusion in that I am literally handicapped myself.  I thought I wonder what I would of accomplished without wine?  I'll be finding out.  Congrats on a year and I won't drink with you today.
So great!  Thanks for gicing us hope.
What a wonderful year! Congratulations! 
Congrats on 1 year! You are proof that it does get better. It seems impossible at the start but one day at a time that ugly storm turns to sunshine. On to many more years sober!
This made me cry thank you for sharing your story. I can really hear and feel how much you live your new life your happiness is inspiring. Reading that the life you have now is seriously so much better than the old one. Thank you. 
Inspiring!  Congratulations!
Congratulations great post
Right on!  .
