-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ijmuk/im_stressed_and_nervous_and_feel_pressure/

Recently posted but I wanted to separate the two posts. I've been reading a bunch of stories here and as I know and have now read getting sober really only reaps greatness. I've never been a fan of change but the idea of this change is messing with me. ..Of course I'm worrying about such a big lifestyle adjustment. I'll have lost a huge part of my life while no longer having excuses to not do anything. I'll essentially be forced to spend more time with me and actually face my life and that terrifies me. Who will I be without my trusty best friend calling the shots?..I know many of us have attempted to quit and then relapsed. I really don't want that. I want to stop drinking and keep it that way. However this thinking has put a bunch of pressure on myself. Pressure not only regarding relapsing but pressure to start living my life and being productive again which is also stressing me out. ..It's silly but I truly am terrified to quit drinking and the more I think about doing it I think the harder I'm making it for myself. I figure I can't fail if I don't try which is weak and unhelpful so I drink another day to calm that thinking. "One day at a time" exists for many reasons but I can't seem to find peace with the idea. 
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time one minute one movie one walk one chocolate milk at a time. One _____ at a time...Getting sober reaps reality. Reality is terrifying. Meeting myself in the mirror sober hurt for a long time after I stopped drinking. But reality is freedom nothing is hidden. You begin to be comfortable with yourself. Begin to like yourself love yourself. That is greatness...I was very kind to myself when I quit. Progress was not drinking that hour. Productivity was when I made my bed. ..It's your choice. My advice would be to go for it.
One thing that really helped me early on was to remind myself that if all I did that day was not drink well then that was enough.  I spend many days just reading and watching shows and not much else and as soon as I started beating myself up about how I wasn't getting anything done I just reminded myself that I WAS doing something important and it was enough.  I'm back to being mega productive most days but I still find it important to slow down and let myself rest and be okay with that.  Stress is my biggest trigger...You can do this!
&gt; I'll have lost a huge part of my life..What enabled me to move past this fear was accepting that I'm not losing any life by not drinking. Time is still ticking by and I'm still around to witness it happen. By drinking I am only trading away what little time I do have left just to be drunk. I am certain I was not born just to be drunk. ..&gt; I'll essentially be forced to spend more time with me and actually face my life..Yes you will. In order for myself to reap any of the benefits sobriety has to offer I first had to look inside and find out the reasons that led to me having a drinking problem. In order to move on I had to find out what exactly I was running away from in the first place. Once these reasons were known understood and accepted moving on wasn't so scary or hard anymore. I'm not scary I'm not a bad person. I've made mistakes but so has everyone and it's learning from our mistakes that defines whether or not we are the type of people who want to get better and those who don't care..
Speaking from just over a month sober now the biggest thing that helped me with the initial fear of such a huge change was hard honest reflection in asking myself what *truly* mattered to me. Getting drunk or having a productive day? Getting drunk or showing up to work on time? Getting drunk or keeping my relationships intact? Getting drunk or picking up old hobbies that my habit took over? You get the point. ..Personally I found that what mattered to me *absolutely above all* was living and experiencing life. Alcohol in excess removed so much from my life that it was hard to see without a sober perspective. Not physical things necessarily (though I've definitely been realizing the physical benefits lately) but mental things: peace of mind passion and most importantly memories. Alcohol distorts and removes memories that are *mine* and I refuse to let a substance distort the things that make me who I am. I'm going to fill that space with every moment of every day and do my best to remember as much as I can because when it all comes down to it *that* is your life not the twisted reality alcohol implants. Embrace it enjoy it and soak it up because you get *one*...It's been a radical change for me so far and I definitely feel the bumps in the road but these 34 sober days has been the proudest I've been of myself in my entire adult life. Sure I miss having a cold one on the porch or sipping on a new craft brew but finding out exactly how good 35 days sober feels has taken priority. I truly want anyone struggling to know how drastically different it is on this side of a month...You have to want it--I mean *really* want it--because there's a voice in us all that knows when we're driving by the liquor store and it tells us we can control ourselves and that we won't be cracking open the last one at 2 a.m. on a work night. It was a deafening scream on day one but while I'm a long way from many folks here every day it has lost just enough volume to make me yearn for how much more silent it could be tomorrow. ..Will I drink tomorrow? I don't know but I won't drink today. 
*I want to stop drinking and keep it that way*...While that's a very commendable intention what you are basically asking for is 100% guarantee of success before you even try. Are you always instantly successful at every single new thing you try to do? If so please tell me your secret!
My Dad said something to me once that stuck with me when he said "I think you're afraid to try because you are afraid that you will fail." He was right. So I started to try. What did I have to lose? This has probably been both the most challenging and yet rewarding experience of my life. There have been times when I really wanted to get drunk but I still have not regretted not drinking. Not once...I especially related to the part when you talked about being with yourself. In my experience getting some time has only helped my confidence and I'm more comfortable in my own skin today than I have been in a long time. I don't dread being in my own company as much it turns out I'm not as bad as I always told myself I was...Here is something I read on here once that helped me early so I will leave you with it. "If I could show you a picture of what it would look like when you got there you would have no concerns about trying. But I can't do that so you'll just have to trust me on this; it will be worth it." Wishing you all the best on your journey!     
Glad you're here!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
You won't know until you give it a try - but from all us here - it's worth it!  As you are quitting -  with the thoughts of One Day at A Time - so will be the rewards.  They come quietly and as they add up - it will give you strength to continue - all in my humble opinion of course
