-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ikysr/9_months_sober_today_if_i_could_turn_back_the/

I would just not have turned to alcohol like I did at the age of 43. Until then I "drank responsibly" as they say. I never even drank at home. I was focused on starting my career as a nurse my loving career as a wife and mother supporting my Husband in his burgeoning career being a good friend and taking care of myself. Some life events happened at 43 and I got too comfortable I think. I was less focused on the NOW like in today's quote. Things got easier and I got drunk. I drank for the next 13 years. I quit in 2013 and made that last for 3 years 2 months and 3 days until a nasty relapse last year in March. I let the relapse go on for over 7 months until I was forced to look in the mirror and stop again. I respect.* this* sobriety and I protect it fiercely. I vow not to get complacent again not to get comfortable with being sober. My guard is up for sure. No matter what happens my first thought is not to drink it's to think think think and I know drinking is not the answer for me.  Enjoy Tyrone Davis! I was tempted to go with a live performance of an older Tyrone removing his suit jacket on stage drinking water tossing bras back into the audience like he's the black Tom Jones...but none of us have 15 minutes for that action! We got to get on with being sober! Thanks to all of you who have helped me get and stay sober on this sub. It means so much to me!.https://youtu.be/xs9yByfceDU 
----------immediate responses--------

So glad you are here D and congrats on your 9 months every single day of that is down to you. You deserve this happiness and I know every minute you get to spend with your beloved family makes it all the more precious...I am delighted for you and wish you nothing but the best for the future...Proud not to be drinking with you today.&lt;3
9 months!! Such a great accomplishment! Congratulations!
Congratulations my friend!! Husband and kiddos and grans are so lucky to have you as are we all. Thank you for you words of encouragement over the last months. I'm going to go listen to "...Hands of Time" on repeat for the rest of the day
YAAAAAASSSSSS!!!!! Congrats dear D!!!!!!! Happy 9 months babe I hope your first day back goes well and that you celebrate with Big Daddy and have a delicious dinner tonight! Ohhh I love Tyrone's music great clip! Here's another clip from my bag o' tricks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgIsUiT2dug&amp;list=PL85973FA7E35D0D96&amp;index=66. Maybe you and Big Daddy can shake those hot booty's together tonight ;). Woohoo!!!! Love you xoxo &lt;3
Congrats on 9 months Dartaga! Thanks for being here with all of us :) 
Congrats 
&gt;My guard is up for sure...This is what I fear...that my guard will go down that I'll convince myself (as I've done in the past) that I am capable of being a moderate drinker. I'm not but booze has that sneaky manipulative way...Congratulations on 9 months and the incredible resolve! You're taking care of yourself today and that's what matters! :D 
Congratulations on 9 months and for inspiring others by sharing your story!! 
Congrats! :) 
We can't turn back time but we can make the best of what we have today and tomorrow...Thanks for the tune! You got my funk going...
I'm proud of you and I'm grateful for how supportive you've been towards me whenever I checked in. You quit before and you managed 3+ years which is beyond amazing and now you're back on track with 9 months...Whenever you feel like giving up remember that I use you and everyone who's so far ahead as inspiration to stay sober. I'm hoping someday I'll pass on that inspiration to someone else who's struggling.
yaaaaas bitch!!!..I've enjoyed your journey and your support!   
Thanks for the Tyrone link.  What fun.  Do you remember what the trigger was after 3+ yrs sober?  Thanks for sharing.  I won't drink with you today.
Dartaga kicking alcohol's butt!
Congrats well done! 
Outstanding D - You are an inspiration! 
