-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6imftk/i_remember_sitting_in_this_same_spot_on_my_sofa/

Today is a great day but I almost feel somber in some ways not what I was expecting on my sober birthday.  I went on a run and tried to figure out my mood and the conclusion I came to was that it's just another day and that realization turned my mood around... made me look at things differently.  What I am most proud of today is not that I have made it a year but that I had the courage and strength a year ago to come back to sobriety and back to SD.  Lesson learned moderation sucks and does not work for me.  The mental gymnastics were exhausting and self defeating. Without alcohol I am happy most of the time.  I used to wonder if I struggled with depression but realized that the root cause was alcohol. I honestly feel like superwoman without it. Simple things make me happy like a clean house a long walk with my husband the green cut grass clean crisp sheets on my bed every Sunday night...I could go on and on... I am so thankful to be thankful if that makes sense. My relationships are great people rely on me and that feels good.  Its nice that I don't have to work at being reliable that I just am.  I still worry too much and I don't know if I will ever overcome that.  I worry about my family members that still drink too much but secretly hope that I might be an inspiration to them one day.  One of my sisters quit drinking a few years ago as well and I have her as an ally when we have family get togethers. I also have  few friends that have gotten sober anonymously that I vent to its funny how I sniffed them out lol.  I can remember when I stopped drinking in May of 2014 I was so worried that I wouldn't know what to do with my time... how would I enjoy my time without wine.  Now I don't have enough time in the day for all of my hobbies.  I run 2-3 miles - 5 days a week I hike I camp I garden I can pickles and marinara and salsa I am a woodcarver I play pickle ball I refinish furniture I read again I watch documentaries I geocache I travel...all of this without alcohol. I do things today that my future self will be proud of. I know that I am better than my past and only I can make a difference in my life. If people ask why I don't drink I just say it was a personal decision and that I feel healthier without it it never goes any further than that.  I am not ashamed one bit about the fact that I don't drink I feel empowered by it. I'm proud to have made it a year and I will sober on with the rest of you!  Happy sober Wednesday everyone! FTZ..Edit:  Wow! Thanks for the gold and all the support!!  You all give me strength because I know that I am not alone I know that I'm not the only one walking this path!  I'm not drinking tonight!  I'm off to get ice cream!
----------immediate responses--------

it totally makes sense. beautiful post. living for real feels so good!
Wonderful post! Congrats on your One Year Soberversarry!
**High^Five for 365 /u/gardenofthoughtsII!**..Your recovery garden is blooming!      
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Oh wow wow wow.....woohooooooo!!!  I am so happy for you!!! 
Congratulations   . 
&gt;Without alcohol I am happy most of the time..That is awesome.  Me too!
Great post thank you for sharing.
Sounds like someone dropped alcohol and replaced it with a real life.  Congrats and well done your writing sounds very calm.  I hope to be where you are one day.
Congrats!!!!!!  Love this post!  
Congratulations on an amazing milestone!
Congrats. What a great post!! You deserve happiness. Happy sober Wednesday to you!
This is really uplifting and empowering.  Thank you. 
Pickle ball what's that?
I loved this post so much - I had to see something like this today. Thank you!
Congratulations on the year and thank you for sharing.
Hey 1 year buddy! Glad we both made it :) today is a great day and I will not drink with you today :)
What an amazing person you sound like. Congrats on a year!
Thank you for this and congratulations. I think I know where you are coming from.
I am thrilled and so happy for you congratulations on a year. What beautiful sentiment you have written down here I am really taking it to heart. I will not drink with you today FTZ!
Lovely! Thanks for posting and congrats!
Wow! Congratulations on one awesome year of sobriety. Thank you very much for posting this today. it is exactly what I needed to read. I'm back to Day One and was feeling kinda down on myself and wondering if my quest for sobriety is quite hopeless. Your post gave me hope again. I am joining you in sobriety today.
Saving this post.  Thank you for sharing - simply awesome!   Congratulations!
So freakin happy to see this today. FTZ indeed. ..[Onward and upward!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjTIJYDn48c)
I'm glad that you're in the world of the living.  Great post!
Wonderful story 
Fresh sheets on Sunday night = BEST THING EVER! I'm so on board that train. I get out of sorts when I don't have fresh sheets for a new week. Congrats on a year!
I love your story congrats on a year and building an amazing life! 
&gt;I am so thankful to be thankful..This is exactly how I feel. I am thrilled for you on your accomplishment.
Thank you so much for your post. It is very encouraging and needed that today.
Reading these happy words makes me smile and see how much your life sounds like fun now without alcohol. All your activities make me want to jump out of bed and get going. So much more exciting then sitting on the couch watching really all night. Thanks for sharing. 
&gt; The mental gymnastics were exhausting and self defeating. Without alcohol I am happy most of the time. I used to wonder if I struggled with depression but realized that the root cause was alcohol...This is a very good reminder as to why I stopped too...Congratulations on your sober trip around the sun and FTZ!
You give me hope. Congratulations on 1 year...amazing!.I am closing in on 1 week and already feel a lot better mentally and physically..I won't drink with you today 
"I honestly feel like superwoman without it."..GURL SAME!!! Yas yas yas yas yaaassss
Yaaaaas! Congrats on a year!!!
Thank you so much for sharing. &lt;3 .
Thanks for that!
Very inspirational and I love the list of things you do now! Mine is similar but you got somethings in there I would like to try too. Congrats on your year..[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
