-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6imqju/day_170_whats_up_just_made_it_through_my_brothers/

Hey everyone just a check in post :)..Just realized that today is day 170 so it was a good time to do some reflecting...This past weekend I was the best man in my brother's wedding and while I knew this day was coming for over a year once I got sober it was a day I was nervous about...Not due to the event giving a speech whatever... but being able to do it sober with my friends/family and an open bar...It was easy.  Like not even a thought...My brother being super awesome and supportive ordered me a case of my fav NA beer (Kaliber by Guinness) for the weekend.  ..Also my girlfriend (who still does drink but has really slowed down with me) decided to not drink at the wedding either - so that was the sweetest gesture ever...We had a 6 pack put at the hotel bar for after the rehearsal dinner a 6 pack put in the grooms suite (while he and his other groomsmen drank etc) I was good to go...Then a 12 pack at the wedding...It may sound like a lot but it really helped...The people who knew I was sober didn't question it and the family I haven't seen in a while had no idea.  My family is a big party family (yearly trips to Vegas Italy Nappa etc) so drinking is a major factor in their get togethers...But it was super awesome and I had zero itches to get hammered so that's a win.  I know NA beer isn't for everyone (I only drink it a few times a month if that) but for me it helps with being social and fitting in... ..Anyway after 170 days:..I have lost 35 pounds (just weighed myself today and couldn't believe it)...My skin and overall appearance is better.  ..Career wise I am in a much better place I always have money and am just happier.  It's crazy how much happier I am...If this wedding was a year ago I know I would have been drunk the whole time and looked like shit...For those starting out or struggling (believe me I was there) just know it gets better.  ..I hope this helps and I will not drink with you today...http://imgur.com/YOK6Rhv
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing- Well done. I was at a wedding last weekend also. I didn't really know to many of the guests so not drinking was not an issue but I was nervous. My friend came with me and she chose not to drink. It was very very sweet of her. I was so happy waking up sober. Truly delighted. It was a great day lots of fun and laughter and I noticed that only a handful of people drink at these things to get drunk.!! I thought everyone did that! At least I know now. Sobriety is THE single greatest life hack hands down. I will not drink with you today. (You look great btw). 
Thanks for sharing your inspiring success story.  You look fantastic.  I won't drink with you today.
I've got my first wedding to attend on Friday.. There's no way in fuck I'm drinking. :)
