-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6iplmd/recently_realized_i_am_struggling_with_a/

Hello!..I have posted here a few times recently about my binge drinking and feeling like I can't stop. I still feel those things and recently drank again (sigh) but after the last relapse I finally told my friend about whats been going on and it was really beneficial! She was very understanding (she has been sober for a while) and as we were talking she suggested that I look into my eating habits because of some of the things that she had noticed...After that conversation I came to really look at all of my life habits and realized that food avoidance/starvation followed by binging (usually with just alcohol) is my general go to method for when I drink and I had never connected the dots! Its so crazy to me how I had never given much thought to my eating habits but how my relationship with food is in itself an addiction. ..So I now subscribe to r/fuckeatingdisorders and hopefully between y'all two friends and others support I can start getting control of my crazy life! ..I feel overwhelmed realizing now how much of an eating disorder I actually do have and how that ties into my alcohol addiction and how that ties into every other crazy part of my life but I feel like now being aware of the both I can start really working on recovery. 
----------immediate responses--------

My therapist said it is quite common for eating disorders and alcohol abuse to go hand in hand which made me feel a little less overwhelmed at the time. I found a cognitive behavioral workbook to be incredibly helpful in tracking and identifying my patterns and started a seperate counter on my phone for alcohol and food abuse. Total abstinance from alcohol has been key for me in re-establishing healthy eating habits. I have also gained so much from the book "Women Food and God" which has helped get to the root of my self worth issues along with therapy. Though it sounds like a religious book- it is not really. Refuge Recovery has also been an amazing tool for me as well as a Yoga and Meditation practice. ..Wishing you all the Best. Identifying the enemy is a big step. You can do this.  
Oh yeah there's a huge connection between screwed up eating habits and drinking.  I would "save" excess calories for drinking but also if I'm honest to get hammered faster.  It's pretty typical boozer behavior though I was in denial about it for a long time.  So for me eating immediately after work is perhaps the single most important practical key to sobriety.  I'm glad you now have this insight--it's likely a game-changer!  Along with lots of non-alcoholic fluids.  
OK I'll add my $.02 since I'm another one who had the eating disorder/drinking deadly duo. They were definitely tied together for me. I had both issues at the same time for years. Years when probably 80% of my daily calories came from alcohol. I recovered from the eating disorder first but then my drinking took off and when I quit drinking my eating disorder tried really hard to get me again. It didn't succeed but it was tough. I had to get to the bottom of the whole mess in order to avoid falling into that trap again...Anyway know that you are not alone. 
What a good friend you have!  And great that you didn't get defensive instead you looked at what she was saying! Congratulations on 59 days.  I will not drink with you today.
Be kind to yourself and go slow.  You have done a wonderful job of realizing your addictions that's a tough thing to do.  Now you can heal and you will become a beautiful and amazing person good luck.
