-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ipy62/i_got_antsy_planned_a_relapse_hated_it_and/

Over the last month I started feeling miserable. I was pushing myself to exercise frequently and eat a calorie restrictive diet all while still in the first 3 months of being sober. I started to feel like I just couldn't have ANYTHING! I actually went to a brewery with some friends who picked the place and could not order anything but water. It was such a terrible feeling and I began to wonder if I should really live my life like this. I couldn't even remember what drunk felt like...All during this time I started going to more AA meetings. Now AA had never appealed to me before but I know some good people who go and I wanted to spend time with more sober people. I ended up getting into it a bit but I started to struggle more and more and the messages in AA were leaving me feeling weak and powerless. So against my better judgement I got a sponsor and started checking in with her each day. People from AA would ask me about my sobriety all the time and I couldn't explain it then but I just wasn't feeling like my sobriety was mine anymore. My sobriety started to belong to AA and to my sponsor and not to my own self-efficacy. ..So I went on a spur of the moment road trip with a coworker and I decided that I was going to drink and see how I felt. We went to a sports bar to watch the NBA finals and I had a gin+tonic. Later at our campsite I drank 3 craft beers. I can honestly say that i didn't enjoy the feeling of being drunk or even buzzed. My conversation skills were lacking and the woozy feeling made me feel like something was wrong...not like I was relaxed. The worst part was the morning; I came down with a God awful stomach ache and I was barely able to leave the vicinity of the camp bathroom for the first few hours of the day. ..Even though it's killing my perfectionist nature that there's a blemish on my sobriety I don't regret that I drank that night. I have a renewed lease on my own sense of power over alcohol. My sobriety is mine again and I no longer think about what I'm missing all the time because i know it's not much and I'm so much better sober. ..I know that my story may not strike a chord with some and I certainly don't mean to disparage AA. I only know what has worked or not worked for me and hopefully someone can relate. Thanks for reading. I am SO not drinking with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried any of the other groups?  I hear a lot of people like SMART even if they didn't find what they were looking for at AA.  Good luck and I won't drink with you today!
Not drinking with you!
If there is one thing I took away from your post it's that I am reminded that I need to take life one step at a time. The impression I get is that you are trying to do a lot at once. It's great that you have been exercising and watching what you eat. It's great that you decided to attend a support group... but is it possible you ended up swinging too far in the opposite direction? ..Over the years... when things would go wrong? Drink! When would things go right? Drink! Everything in between? Drink! It's so fucked up that when you began to feel antsy and miserable that your solution was to drink. I say it's fucked up because it's exactly what I have done countless times. And it doesn't make sense. ..I've felt the way you do about AA. What changed for me was finding the right meetings and more importantly the right people. If you don't go back to AA do you have another plan for a support group? Do you have some other tools you are willing to use to stay sober and in recovery? 
Yes! Your story for sure struck a chord with me. In fact I couldn't put into words what my problem was with AA but you're exactly right - my sobriety didn't feel like it was mine at first. ..I will say however that after I relapsed in a dramatic fashion (and felt the same shitty sense of regret that you described) I got back into the program because I felt so alone. Everyone in AA has been through what I've been through and sharing stuff with people who really understood has helped tons. I found a sponsor who was more my speed and met some friends in the program who I really felt a connection with. I don't think I'll go to AA forever and I really want to start going to Refuge but for right now it's helping me immensely. I'm grateful I got back into it on my terms. Wishing you the best.
