-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6is9of/how_do_u_find_out_who_u_r_after_u_stop/

I am 17 days  alcohol and heroin free. I am struggling to no who i am. Idk who i am anymore. Idk how to find out who i am now any tips or advice? Anyone else feel like this?
----------immediate responses--------

Great work on 17 days - that's awesome! ..I'm no counselor but maybe you're leaving the addicted you behind?..Getting to know the sober me without the alcohol has been a gradual thing and it's ongoing. I'm not sweating it just letting it come to me and that seems to be working. And interesting. And fun. Getting sober is tough but soooo worth it. ..Hang in there dude one day at a time. I'll stay sober with you today. 
Have you considered going to an AA / NA meeting? Although I haven't completed the steps I've heard that they have helped others a lot with finding themselves again.
"We cannot predict the future but we can invent it.  Dennis Gabor..I'm not really into discovering who I am as much as forging the person I want to be. Just my two cents. Read books. Take courses.[Khan Academy](khanacademy.org) has tons of cool stuff. I started at kindergarten math I'm almost through 6th grade lol. Also working through their Art History Physics Electrical Engineering and Computer Science course. [EdX](https://www.edx.org/)..The world needs people that believe in it. People need people that believe in them. If you can come back from something that consumes most people that's pretty bad ass. Joe Rogan says to imagine what a hero would do in your situation and just start doing that. ..Hope you receive in the spirit it was offered. I'm pretty tired. Still not back to sleeping normally...Congrats on the sobriety! Right there with you one day at a  time. 
u r sober &amp; thats wut counts
Hey MrIvanov! Congrats on 17 days! Although I don't feel like I'm 'struggling' to know who I am sober now I will say that I'm still learning new and wonderful things every day. I'm pleasantly surprised at how calm respectful honest and clear I am now. ..We've stopped drinking but we haven't stopped recovering and we haven't stopped growing ;). Keep up the great work!
Outstanding progress!..My journey toward my authenticity clarifying my 'true' self started with removing the alcohol.  Then counseling and working the steps doing service work reaching out to others in need.......   My Authentic Self shines.
[removed]
Thanks for posting  I've heard personalities are formed by a young age 5-7 years of age? Not sure but pretty young.  I think it is all about that same person that was always there being allowed to shine.  "Idk who i am anymore".  I think you are an incredibly strong person who was not happy with how their life was going and had the courage to make a change. WTG! You are doing great.  I won't drink with you today.  Give it time.  The most important thing is you are alcohol and heroin free.  I'm cheering you on right now and sending you a cyber hug {}.
I understand what you mean. In a way I feel like a child version of myself. I'm finding out who I am literally as I write this. It feels weird like I've drowned myself so long and now I'm coming up for air. It's scary and fun and about time I resurfaced to myself. It's a strange but good thing. Just roll with it and you will figure out who you are. I think you're fuckin amazing for what you've done. Try not to stress it you're a badass.
