-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ixxba/does_anyone_else_feel_like_their_best_times_were/

Edit: I struggle with social anxiety. And being under the influence always removed those anxieties that keep me from connecting with people. I guess that's important backstory for this post...I went through an outpatient recovery program did AA participated in this sub a lot- the whole recovery 9 yards when I got sober in February. I told myself things were going well. A few nights ago I had one of those moments where all pretenses fell away and I glimpsed my life in a very honest light. And I realized the happiest most intimate most carefree most raw experiences I've had so far in my adult life have been under the influence. Some of my most authentic experiences of being wholly myself-without fear or doubt- these happened when I was drinking. Does anyone else feel this way? And what do you do with that? ..And if I can preface this with I know a lot of people that get sober have the experience of their relationships being deepened and their confidence increasing. That is wonderful and you are fortunate. But that hasn't been my experience and I'm hoping to see if anyone can identify.
----------immediate responses--------

There is no doubt that alcohol intensifies experiences just like a fast car. And after getting out of the fast car mere walking might not measure up right away even if you know that the car was going to kill you. But I'd be careful conflating intensity with authenticity.
But to answer your question I felt the same way when I quit smoking decades ago. I felt as if the wonder and romance had gone out of my life. I was mixing up my feelings with scenes from movies the thrill of forbidden fruit and memories triggered by the smell of tobacco smoke of traveling and living in distant countries after college. And how the French girls' hair always smelled like a mixture of perfume and smoke. I was deluded of course because inhaling burning leaves was not inherently a part of real life. After a while I got of it and now I can laugh at it. I do wish you the best!
I would not be honest if I said I haven't had those thoughts before. For me I fall back on my program the old line of how cunning and baffling alcohol can be...My experience is that I feel that way when I'm not leaning in fully to my program and I'm letting myself remember only the good times. I'm not remembering that after those moments of clarity there was a massive train of consequences heading right towards me...I have always been an extrovert before my drinking during my drinking and after my drinking. My confidence in those situations wasn't increased or decreased by drinking but my actions and choices weren't what I always would have wanted them to be. I was better at chatting up a girl with 0 drinks than any other number because when I had a drink I was not someone people wanted to engage with after a certain point...My experience has taught me that when I feel the way you are describing I think about the insanity of thinking one day I would be able to drink like a gentleman and how I never was able to. I remember that my mind will play games on me and think about my drinking days with rose tinted glasses but the cold hard truth for me is that I can't control my drinking and it's worth finding new ways of clarity in sobriety then going back to how I was before.
No.  Being Unimpaired has brought me authentic undistorted experiences.
I had some awesome times being drunk through my 20+ year drinking career. The negatives surely outweighed the best though. ..Body breaking down run-ins with the cops fights with friends/family/girlfriend and a shit ton of money pissed away. Before I started boozing I was able to have fun and enjoy life. I try to remind myself that that can come back. The thought that continuing drinking will probably end my life in a generally short time also helps.
Actually no. By far the best experiences I've had in my life have happened when I wasn't under the influence of anything. 
Since alcohol stunts psychological social and emotional growth it took time to learn the sober living skills that I missed. Staying in therapy and working the steps of AA led to a great deal of personal growth. It is not too late to learn. I hope you find the support you need. 
I have also struggled with lifelong social anxiety. I actually didn't make any close friends until I started drinking (in my early 20s)- I was a very lonely child &amp; teenager. ..So I know what you mean. I have alcohol to partially thank for many of my best experiences and close friendships that I still have today. ..For someone with social anxiety alcohol is like giving glasses to someone who has had poor vision their whole life. It strips away the crippling inhibitions that prevent lasting bonds. At least it did for me. ..The good thing is that learning to socialize with alcohol once it got the ball rolling I actually was able to improve. To the point where I have many good friends and can socialize and interact with people very well sober. I still have anxiety but I have learned to cope and it no longer controls my life. ..Unfortunately alcohol does have many downsides so it is not a crutch you should use forever. Work on understanding your anxiety and how to socialize what to say to people and understand that it isn't a big deal and you don't have to overthink everything. ..I can never completely hate alcohol because I honestly don't know if I ever could have conquered my social anxiety without it. My anxiety was truly crippling. But I am happy to say I have learned and improved enough that I can be happy and have friends without the crutch. 
Besides the feeling of falling in love with someone which for me is the height of human experience yes. I feel that the best times I've had were under the influence and it sucks but I'd be a liar if I said otherwise...Thing is so many things fell apart because of it so now I have to weigh the pros and cons of that and the cons of drinking so obviously outweigh the pros. I wish it wasn't this way but I fucking end up totally blowing it...Not fair but it will probably end up literally saving my life...Best of luck to you.
Complete opposite feelings for me.  I thought that the drunken adventures were the best times but after like day 180 or so I began to see the real joys of my life: The relationships bonding experiences hurdles overcome and love.  The drunken times were more just embarassing or childish now.
Of course! Some of the best experiences of my life involved drinking. Unfortunately probably too many experiences in my life involved drinking. It was my best friend and my armor and I leaned on it too much. It was taking away from other parts of my life without me even realizing it. ..I think there is a legit mourning process that comes with giving it up. It's not wrong or abnormal to feel that loss. The fact is though in the end it wasn't working for me like it used to. The scales had tipped and I wasn't getting back as much as I was giving away. My favorite source of comfort slowly morphed into just another source of pain. What a cruel cosmic joke! Stepping away from it has probably been the most challenging yet rewarding experience of my life so far.
I can relate 100%. It was the best of good times and the worst of bad times. Life isn't perfect without booze. But for me it is overall more enjoyable being off of the roller coaster. I don't have to feel like anxiety ridden death every Sunday for a couple of exciting Friday nights each year. 
The short answer is that I do romanticize the dance with alcohol...the initial warmth...the initial rush of anxiety falling to the floor...HOWEVER I am also realizing that when I start to go down that road I am half a step from the edge of the cliff of major binge.  ....For me I am learning to play the tape forward when those thoughts creep in....to the crippling anxiety guilt and physical sickness to where those "romantic" thoughts lead the next morning.  ....Congrats on your 136 days.  Be proud!!
