-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6j55af/i_dont_want_to_socialize_but_im_extremely_lonely/

I'm struggling today. So far in the last 7 weeks I have only spent time with friends twice and they were both unfulfilling encounters. I was bored and felt very dull and lifeless. I feel like I have nothing to talk about since I stopped drinking. ..I don't know what to do. Everything I do is alone. I've been exercising daily getting plenty of rest and have been eating very healthy but I don't feel like talking to anyone although this loneliness is terrible. I feel good physically but at the same time my headspace is bad. I want to have some fun with friends but fun means drinking to everyone I know and I refuse to go there. ..If anyone can relate to this how do you deal with loneliness when you don't want to socialize anymore? Do I need to start going to AA or Refuge Recovery meetings just to find new friends that don't drink? ..Edit: thanks everyone! It is encouraging to hear all of your perspectives. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's hard to make new friends that don't need alcohol for every social occasion. I've looked on Meetup.com and found some cool groups for hiking or board games or other non drinking activities. Maybe there's something in your area?
I go to AA meetings and as a result I formed some pretty tight bonds among like-minded sobies.  Those relationships now touch on every aspect of my life free time and future plans.  
I going through something similar. I've always been a loner but now I hardly see anyone. Socializing without alcohol will probably take practice and some new friends. The times I do socialize the feelings and connection are much deeper though. Give it some time and I'm sure it will get easier. All the best to you!
I was just thinking about this today.  When I was drinking I thought everybody did what I did to socialize - go out and drink and have everything revolve around drinking.  ..While it might have been true with the people I socialized with that was mainly true because my choices of who I socialized with - people who liked to drink too much...There are tons of people in the world with all different hobbies that don't involve drinking.  It may take time to make the shift but they are out there and it is worth it.  Since God was a huge part of my change I chose church and developed a great group of friends now none of whom drink. ..Even the time it took waiting and not socializing wasn't wasted as it forced me to deal with the me that I had been avoiding for years through alcohol.  I really got to know myself and deal with a lot of the pain and ugliness that I had stuffed for years...You are not alone though.  I will not drink with you today!
How about learning something new.  Take a class.  Volunteer.  Check out some meet-up groups.  Plan a weekend trip and go somewhere.  Pack a cooler and make it cheap.  Get creative.  Buy some art supplies and just start painting.  If you do stuff it's not boring.  I won't drink with you today.  How about reading?  Escape in a novel.  One of my favorites is Michael Connelly stories about homicide detective Harry Bosch in L.A. and the Lincoln Lawyer.  
Glad you're here!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
I feel the same way. I keep telling myself I will go to a meeting but the days tick by. I'm working from home right now and have become a recluse. I have plans tomorrow with an old drinking buddy and while we are going to stay sober I have no excitement towards our get-together.
I only had a brief experience with AA but it did seem to me that the people who got the most out of it were people for whom drinking had been a social event. The AA meetings filled that social void for them sort of. Try to find a home group with people of a similar age as you. ..I was always a socially inhibited solitary drinker so AA was a challenge for me on a whole different level than just the sobriety part alone.
One of the reasons why I started going to AA was because I stopped hanging with friends who abused alcohol. I wanted to meet others who also wanted to stop drinking and I was not disappointed. Not only did I meet wonderful people but the program of AA gave me the tools to build a happy sober life. ..The only requirement for AA is a desire to stop drinking. 
I can definitely relate. I can say that going to AA really helps. And I used to be pretty opposed to AA too. I'm still pretty new at it. Even if you don't talk to anyone it just helps to get out and listen to some other folks' stories. Sometimes it's inspiring sometimes it's helpful to just know that other people understand what you're going through...But I'm really in the same place. I try to push myself to go to AA and get out more in general but I really have to drag myself out of my apartment to do it. Once I go I'm glad I did but it's getting harder to force myself to go...Thing is and you alluded to this in another comment staying isolated is almost a certain recipe for relapse. I'm working on that now trying to figure out how to address depression and lack of motivation that keep me from making good choices for my sobriety.
[removed]
Honestly it's the only reason I ever go :p
I am right there with you.  In order to stay on track I stick to a pretty strict work/workout/movies schedule.  But it doesn't leave much room for socializing and I'm pretty lonely.  I guess AA meetings are handy for being around people but I got tired of the exact same people saying the exact same things over and over.  
I relate to this so much. Wanting to be alone and yet feeling lonely at the same time. It's a strange paradox for sure. It's cheesy but it can be an opportunity to get to know yourself better and kind of to make better friends with yourself. I will say that along with other things it seems to have improved with time. I listen to podcasts sometimes when I go through it because you can listen to other people having a conversation and yet you don't have to contribute anything to it. You can kind of be a fly on the wall it requires no social effort and it can quell the loneliness.
When I am not up to socialising but would like some company sometimes I'll just put on a podcast on a topic that interests me it's nice to just have conversation playing. ..I also find doing a common interest is a good way for me to spend time with people such as going for a walk riding a bike watching a film having dinner or playing a game.
I completely understand. I was feeling this exact way tonight and for the past week. For me cognitive therapy/self help books help and also just trying to talk myself out of negative thinking. I did not feel like going to meet some friends at all tonight but I forced myself to and ended up having a great time. I felt the urge to disconnect but instead powered through and my mood drastically improved. This isn't always the case but this time it was. I chose not to worry what people would think about me being sober. It was a real breakthrough. For me if I don't get out of my house I don't feel good. The urge to isolate increases the more I do it so I try to break the pattern. The mental blocks we put up are almost harder to overcome than anything else about quitting. Those were why I drank in a problematic way in the first place. Hope this helps. I'm not drinking with you! 
The symptoms you describe - bored dull lifeless - sound common for post acute withdrawal or depression.  Have you talked to your Dr?
When I feel this way I get out among people - I go to the library or a favorite store where I can browse and have a few friendly and non-binding interactions.  
I found that a lot of it was in my head re: being boring unless I was drunk. More that me worrying about being boring got my anxiety up and turned me into a mute. It's a tricky thing whether to hang out with drinkers or not when sober - if you can handle sticking to soda and still enjoy their company or whether you need to find a new group that doesn't worship at dionysus's altar.
I feel your pain. Making friends as an adult is HARD but very possible.  I know exactly what you mean by having the ability to do it but lacking the motivation. I spend about 95% of my "free-time" alone and usually enjoy it to be honest but there are a lot of times where I experience the fear of missing out. My 20s are rapidly coming to a close and I feel myself longing for the good times I used to have with my friends (most of whom are now thousands of miles away) when I was younger. Luckily for me I at least have cool co-workers who don't drink at all because they were raised as Muslims (I'm not religious at all) so when we do things together there's not even the slightest temptation to drink. I personally don't think 12-step programs are the way to go (based on peer-reviewed empirical evidence I've seen to the contrary) and I know alcoholic friends of mine who've actually met some of their best drinking buddies there when they fell off the wagon together; but obviously that's your call and other people here swear by it. I guess I don't really have any suggestions since I'm going through the same thing but just thought I'd add to all the people telling you that you're definitely not alone in feeling this way. Good luck I'll not drink with you today.
Goin thru this currently and its driving me mad
I've taken up some interesting activities. For clarity I felt the Same Exact Way. It's fine. Hundreds of millions of people don't drink and still have friends. The hard part at first is talking to people about it. I just told them I was doing it for health reasons. I am. I have a few close friends who probably suspect I "needed" to stop but they don't pry. My spouse is rock solid and supports me- but doesn't pressure me because this has to be about me. ..But at the end of the day LITERALLY ANY excuse you give us better than drinking. You do you it'll get easier. I will not drink with you today.
