-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6j5zbr/5_days_this_is_the_longest_amount_of_time_ive/

Hi everyone! I've been lurking on this sub for quite some time now and finally decided to post. The past 2-2.5ish years of my life have been a blur due to drinking. Very seldom was I sober and even then I was usually hungover. I suppose you could say I made friends with the wrong crowd. I was already a drinker for years before this but I found others who liked to drink in the same way I did. By this I mean getting totally smashed as soon as the weekend began and starting all over in the morning until we passed out. Even on days I had work I started drinking before I went in. Eventually I started sneaking alcohol into my place of employment as well. I lost my job not because they found out I'd been drinking at work but because I got drunk and decided to quit going. I continued drinking after that until my savings dried up. I finally started to realize how out of control things had become. Since January I've been struggling to get sober. I decided to cut out my drinking buddies from my life which was really hard. I loved these people but we were always bringing each other down. Anytime one of us decided to quit another one of us would wind up sabotaging it. Without these people around I was about to significantly cut down on my alcohol consumption. Before now the longest I've been able to make it was a day or two. Today I'm proud to say I've been sober for 5 days. To many people this doesn't seem like long but it's a huge accomplishment for me. I'm finally remembering what life is like with a clear head and I feel great. Thanks for reading guys-- I won't be drinking with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm finishing my 5th day today.  After drinking hard every day for 10 years or so I finally decided I was DONE.  Feels pretty damn good yeah?  Keep up the great work and when things get tough remember the clear mind and how your feel right now.  I won't drink with you today!
This is fucking awesome! You should feel proud.    
Day 5 here myself.  It is a huge accomplishment.  Congrats to you and never look back!
Hell yeah to your 5 days! A part of my story is similar to yours...back in January I quit my job because I came into work drunk couldn't hack it got emotional and just walked out. *Cue bender*. Before that I was also sneaking liquor into work I used to take shots back in the storage room. And before THAT I would have drinks at home before I went in. Soooo stupid because the job was great and it paid really well. Looking back I can't believe I thought I was getting away with something that I thought I "needed" to do to get through my shift. It was a server job in a bar/restaurant and I was so delusional I thought the customers and staff had no idea but they definitely did! I'm very early into sobriety too and I'm struggling to find work but at least I'm struggling for something ya know? It feels good to care again and actually want to change things and make my life better! The past still stings though :/
