-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jchnb/the_struggle_is_real/

I've been fortunate to have a friend to lean on when I'm having cravings and when I'm just bored because I don't know what to do with myself. Alas they went away this weekend and everyone else I know is either drinking or busy tonight. ..I've sat in my chair staring at my phone most of the night. Listening to music and reading SD. Debating if I should bother posting writing and deleting posts and comments over and over...The boredom is overwhelming. I feel like I've wasted an entire  Saturday night. The loneliness is crushing. Im realizing how few friends I really have...I went to the bar tonight. I didn't go with intention to drink but it was definitely something I considered heavily. No one would even know. How bad could it really turn out.....Instead though I got a Coke and some wings. I fiddled with my 60 day chip that I got not from a meeting but from a new friend who's been sober for a few years. A sober mentor who wanted to make me feel like my progress was recognised. That it was significant...The struggle is real tonight. I can't stop myself from thinking about wanting to drink. But though he doesn't it this chip tonight was my rock. Something tangible to remind me what I'm fighting for...Thanks Kevin. I have another day sober because of you. Tomorrow is a new day and we'll see what it brings but today thanks to you buddy I will not drink with you guys
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I think it's a process of building a life.  It'll get better.  Can you try some hobbies?  Take a class? Yoga? Gym? learn a skill?  voluneer?  I won't drink with you today.
hang in there....you're not alone.  perhaps write some more in a journal and know that you are your best friend.  We're all here to help you stay strong.
Hey thanks for your post! ..I had a similar night -- didn't really know what to do with myself felt lonely wanted to reach out but didn't have the energy to do so feeling isolated and alienated from family and friends. ..But I didn't drink. And neither did you. That's huge! We've made it to another day. Huzzah. 
I'm glad you didn't drink at the bar. Talk about a high-risk situation - good job!..Something that helps me is to plan my day (or night out) hour by hour and then stick to the plan. It might sound kinda of stupid but I've found it really helps. 
My strongest cravings to date were at about your mark right now...The times when we feel like we are struggling are really the times when we are just getting a hell of a lot stronger. Nice work riding it out!
