-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jdqlq/two_year_rambling/

I'm not on the SD boards as often as I used to be. I've got an old friend who is also a recovering addict and he and I spend a fair amount of time talking about sobriety and struggles. Sharing our struggles lightens our load and helps us stay cognizant of our addiction. Everyone needs to stay mindful of their addiction. ..This past October I lost a job with a company that I'd been with nearly 19 years. I'm currently making less than half what I used to make and it is a contract job where hours worked = pay. No vacation no sick time. I'm happier now than when I was making over double. I wake up excited to be going to work. ..Learning to live sober has changed my life. I've learned to self-examine and assess why I'm feeling and doing things. I've learned that job that paid well made me miserable. My asshole boss of the last few years gave me a huge gift by downsizing me. Not that I wouldn't love to beat this shit out of that asshole. Sober enlightenment only goes so far. ..I was at a festival yesterday and there was lots of booze. My wife at one point said "Just pay attention to the people not drinking." She knows I still don't like seeing booze. The thing is I was people watching and having a solid good time. ..Sure I saw the guy with a pitcher of beer and thought I'd have not shared back in the day and went back for another. I didn't have a craving from that but was instead disgusted by the thought. ..I was feeling good. I've been working on being more active getting my blood sugar under control and quietly rebelling against getting old(er). ..Despite hitting 50 this past year I'm more mindful insightful and observant. I'm calmer and more at peace. I'm in better shape and better health. I still have bad moments cravings and emotions that aren't helpful. But my getting sober has given me the tools to handle the bad shit better. ..I'm happy to hit two years and share a bit with you guys. This is kind of a ramble but I deserve a good ramble 730 days dry. ..I'll not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! Congrats. And I loved the ramble 
You do deserve a good ramble and I loved it. You have imparted good wisdom on us here. I know I can't get enough. Any tool that will help me continue to live sober I will use it. I too people watch when I'm around drinkers. I'm sure plenty of people watched me when I was the Drunk! Like you I still do not *like* being around alcohol and I will always prefer to avoid that. At this point I know I"m not in danger of joining in but I'm human. I don't need that in my face. Continued good luck to you and I am so happy you like your current job.
Great post! Thank you for coming back and sharing this with us who are just starting out. 
Love your post and let me tell you the  fifties seem awesome at least the first half the decade anyway!
Congrats 
Yes!! Congrats to you u/BlackDogBlues66! Good share. Right after I got laid off last year is when I started this sober journey of mine and I am incredibly happier working a contract job like you. I work from home get paid way less don't have benefits or vacation but I'm much more content. I always like seeing you post and I appreciate you coming in here to post about your 2 year journey. 
F yeah man.  Congrats on 730...that's quite an accomplishment.
Congrats on 730 days.  WTG! That is great that you love your job.  It is so sad that the majority of people hate their job.  I'm sure a lot of them go home and drink too. :(
Congrats and Many Blessings to you u/BlackDogBlues66!  It's good to see your name here with such positive overtones!..Life IS Good!!
Well done! Thanks for sharing! I love the idea your wife said about focusing on the people who aren't drinking. I'm gonna give that a try next time :)
I love posts like this.  I see myself coming to this board less &amp; I don't see that as a bad thing. We grow  we heal &amp; finally we are able to give back. :)  Congrats on 2 years better health &amp; finding a more peaceful fulfilling existence friend. I won't drink with you.
Two years frickin rocks!..Congrats I'm right behind you!
&gt;Learning to live sober has changed my life...Awesome!  Me too!!..Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
Nice write up and well done on the 2 years! 
These are great insights and I love that you are still on here with us. Watching you hit your milestones a few days before me every time gives me a good feeling. So thank you for your valuable reflections and congratulations on 2 big years!! See you in a few days!
Awesome!
