-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jjj4u/or_you_could_just_drink_a_f_beer_my_brother/

I spent the weekend out of town in the mountains visiting my brother and sister. I haven't done this trip since I've gotten sober a little over a five months ago. Going to see them used to be a crazy weekend bender and I'd spend days recovering. We used to have so much fun partying together. It was our common bond. I'd show up with cases and handles. The partying wouldn't stop until I was shaking and vomiting the whole two hour drive home. ..Going out of town/social gatherings have been the cause of the majority of my stress and cravings through out my sobriety. The more time I get and the more weekends that pass I've come to realize I'm putting myself through a shit load of unnecessary stress when still at my core I'm just trying to function like a normal human being get through another day sober and not drink beer. Some days I get a gold star for just getting out of bed! ..The majority of the weekend actually went better than I expected. I spent Saturday conquering a fear and a huge desire of mine paddle boarding and kayaking. (I would have never done this with my hangover/withdrawal anxiety). We spent the rest of Saturday posted up on a beach at the lake while my friends and family drank and I ate a ton of snacks and my NA drinks. I had a great time connecting with nature and getting out of my comfort zone Saturday. ..I had alcohol related dreams both nights and tossed and turned feeling restless not in my own bed. But I pushed through and I was a good sport about all the drinking going on and having such busy jam packed days full of socializing. I told my anxiety to stfu and kept my body fueled with healthy food and sparkling water. I was actually really surprised how well I did. Well then Sunday came.....Went to lunch at my sisters restaurant she waits tables at. The towns best restaurant and coincidentally a brewery. Well of course my crew loves to drink beer and is going on and on about an amazing cream soda craft brew. I make my usual comments of wishing I could have one and then we went on into a discussion about nonalcoholic beer. We started googling how is made and how to make it. I haven't found one I quite liked yet but hey I was happy to have a convo about BEER that I could partake in. Well my little (alcoholic) brother decides to chime in with "or you could just drink a fucking beer". My blood pressure shot through the roof. I felt so hurt embarrassed shut down and then mad. I tried to tell myself it wasn't a big deal but if I was feeling this way I knew I really shouldn't keep it in. I decided after a moment of stewing I should say something. I calmly said "hey that comment really hurt my feelings. I'm trying really hard to turn my life around and not be a drunk piece of shit anymore." His response "well then don't get drunk". My jaw hit the floor. He went straight to defense mode and starting saying he's been wanting to tell me this for a while and he was actually getting mad at me! I burst into tears and ran out of the restaurant. I don't even know what came over me. Next thing I knew I was flying down restaurant stairs with an ugly cry face like Kim Kardashians.    ..I never knew not drinking would get so fucking complicated at times. I can't spout off in a the middle of a heated argument my reasons for quitting drinking. (Do you have 8 hours? I can show you my fourth and fifth step work  ) ..When you're heated how can you share how alcohol destroyed your life and how quitting has completely brightened it? .How do I defend myself to such a ridiculous comment or question?.Why do we have to defend our decision to quit drinking? .Why do I want to? .How can I NOT share about the BIGGEST part of my life? .How can I not talk about my struggles with quitting drinking when I am with my family for 72 hours straight?.How can I not complain or make little side comments about not being able to drink when I am in a place that was like drinking heaven for me surrounded by my family drinking all day?! .(Rhetorical questions here for emphasis  )..It made me go into full alcoholic mode. Within seconds my mind goes to the "dark place". I was already planning on deleting my Facebook and hiding in my house for weeks because I didn't want to be bothered anymore by the difficulty of trying to be a friend a functioning member of society a family member AND an alcoholic LET ALONE someone who is fun to be around. I know that's not what i should do and it's not what I'm going to. But man it's scary to hear the crazy shit my brain comes up with to protect myself from the hurt fear and rejection of maintaining relationships in sobriety. ..I know I need to create better boundaries and stop saying yes to every social event. But I already HAVE so much! I've made drastic changes in how often I socialize and setting my focus on only positive things that propel me forward. But I can't always say NO either?! It's a hard wake up call when you realize things won't be the same in sobriety.......But you know what? Never once did it waiver my decision to quit drinking. ..No little brother quitting drinking didn't solve all my problems and hey maybe I do complain a little bit more but starting drinking again will DEFINITELY not solve them either. Drinking a "fucking beer" isn't going to solve my issues with completely transforming my life learning to live without fear finding what fulfills me freedom from depression and anxiety and chipping away at the years of baggage and abuse I've been carrying around hidden under my daily bud light habit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!..I never understood when people said quitting drinking was they hardest thing they've ever done. Not picking up has actually been fairly easy for me. But learning who I am or rather who I AM NOT anymore is becoming exhausting. My life has changed so much and it's all for the better but it's been A LOT and there's still much more to come. ..Happy to report I am back home now in my safe space. I'll make sure to not lock myself up in depression by doing the things that feed my soul with people who understand me and do not judge me. I cannot wait to go to an AA meeting tomorrow exercise create healthy meals for my family and finish my day in bed with my dog and my man and not drinking "a fucking beer". Because I don't have to live like that anymore. ......Thank you so much for this safe space to share these crazy thoughts. I read SD every night on night mode to fall asleep. ...
----------immediate responses--------

That was an awful thing for your brother to say. It's hard when family members are alcoholics. I think you are doing great and being incredibly strong. Change is a good thing. You're growing and learning and that's great! :)
Thanks for sharing. I'm in a similar situation...My dad now avoids me because I don't drink anymore and THAT has made me realise we have no relationship outside of drinking beers together. He can't NOT drink and I can't see myself wanting to hang around him for too long when he is drinking and I am sober (he becomes a loud know-it-all who gets more and more antagonistic)...My sister is also avoiding me because she is on a binging binge and it's not looking good...My mum has stopped drinking though! (because anything I can do she can do better!! She gave up the same day I told her I gave up! Haha! Jesus!)..Anyway sobriety is bloody hard on the old relationships and emotions eh?..End rant...You are doing a fantastic job. Keep up the good work and be proud of it :)
Sorry to hear about this.  Those closest to us hurt us best...I remeber this quote:.."Never explain yourself; your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it."
Believe me I am going through something similar just not as severe as yours. It's like my family isn't even proud of me. My parents both drink and every time I go over there they ask me if I want a beer. This is driving me crazy because they both know I'm going to AA and been 2 weeks sober. .My mom: "Why can't you just have a couple?".My sister: "Just drink sometimes like me".My brother: "Why not just drink one day a week?".My thoughts: "Because I can't!!!!!"..If I could have a few drinks and stop I wouldn't be where I am. A few is never enough. My mom states "I like to drink especially after a hard week" -well great mom you can feel like crap this weekend and I'll feel good. .It's very hurtful. I don't think they realize how hurtful it is when you're working so hard towards something and nobody has anything positive to say about it...I hope things get better for you. It sounds like your brother is just taking a look at himself and isn't liking it. Troubled people like to be surrounded by other troubled people so that they feel like it's normal...Keep up the great work- I will not drink with you today!!!
Let them go if necessary. Misery loves company. 
You don't have to explain or defend yourself to anyone. They don't need to know any of the reasons you quit as long as you do. ..Your sobriety is a threat to the alcoholics around you. This is why the only people who react badly to other people quitting are those with a problem. They'll say that you think you're better than them or some variation. Just remember that you chose this for a reason and your life is better now. Do not let their inability to face their demons as you have get in the way of your sobriety. That's on them not you. ..I understand you were trying to be appeasable when you told your brother he hurt your feelings but you're trying to be vulnerable at a time when he feels threatened. Don't count on him not to take advantage of that vulnerability. Come back at him with strength and conviction. Keep to yourself that yes you'd love to have a beer and the next time he says that you can say "I don't want one. I've seen what my life turns into when I start in" and leave it at that. People drinking are not the ones to tell you want a drink. Your decision not to drink makes you powerful. Recognize that and don't let someone make you feel it's a weakness.
Maybe he's at a point where he's worried about his own drinking and you did what he hasn't been able to do. In you getting sober maybe he sees his own rather scary current reality and you drinking with him reassured him that it was okay an "normal." Now that you're not drinking maybe he is seeing that he probably needs a change too and that scares him. Not guaranteed but I know I clung to certain people and places where I felt better about my issues and was not happy when they disappeared. ..But don't give up. In DBT group we learned about DEARMAN skill. Describe what the situation was/is. Express feelings. Ask for what you want/say no clearly. Reinforce the behavior you want to see. Mindfully focus on what you're doing don't get distracted. Appear confident and respectful. Negotiate where possible. ..I know a lot of people use this tactic with family to stay focused on the mindfulness. For your brother I really think mindfulness is important. You gotta ignore his attacks and stick to your guns. Talk to him (if you're going to) only when you are emotionally ready so there are no tangents and distractions on your end and you appear calm and confident and won't end up tempted if he responds poorly. For him he may not be ready to hear you and at that point you leave the conversation with asking him think about it and what compromise he can offer. Ask him to suggest a solution that allows both of you to be happy. If he responds with mean words or texts go back to mindfulness: focus on the goal and don't let his words drag you off track. ..I'm sorry you had to go through that. Stay strong. People here aren't family but will help as much as possible. I won't drink with you today. 
That was an awful thing for him to say. The fact that he had been wanting to say that to you for a while tells me that your not drinking has been stuck in his craw for a while. It's been on his mind which leads me to believe that his own drinking is on his mind. Otherwise it's probably not something that he'd have even said. I know what you mean by going to a dark place when these things happen and I'm glad that you pulled yourself out of it. I don't know that you need to avoid drinking situations since you said you were having a great time up until that conversation but it definitely makes the boundaries more clear with your brother. I wish you all the best.
I have been there when someone said something so seemingly insensitive. I was shocked and didn't know what to say...I thought about it after and learned something that saved me from a lot of suffering since then. You can change yourself but you can't expect much from others. Honestly it's not really reasonable to expect them to understand your journey. It's yours and I was content to know what my truth was. ..A friend of mine once reminded me that disappointment comes from miss appointed expectations. ..Be gentle with yourself and others. You'll have to face these things but you can feel ok doing it if you're proud of who you are the choices you have made and feel free to say that you don't expect them to understand. It took a huge weight off my shoulders when I let go of that one.
Stay strong and remember this is all about you.  Nobody else.  Since when did being sober have a negative impact on anyone or anything??  Maybe I'm just a boring old grump but if people don't like the new sober version then.............well I think you can fill in the blanks...You are doing so well and keep it that way.
Sorry.  That sucks.  A lot of my 'friends' did that to me and it sucked.  I was pissed and humiliated.  I felt shitty about myself.  ..Over a year later I feel great about myself.  For some of my friends (WAY after the fact) they've been saying 'good job' in their own way.  Others are still drinking too much and hurting so they are hurtful.  It has nothing to do with me.  If I explained it didn't help if I didn't explain it didn't help.  Because again it had nothing to do with me.  In my case I never explained because as long as it wasn't going to help why waste the effort?..But yeah at 5 months that shit cut me to the bone.  Hot tears of rage would be rolling down my face later at night.  I got through it by telling myself fuck 'em living well is it's own revenge.
I'm sure your brother did not mean it the way you think he did. I suppose the drunk fun you guys had is what he looked forward too. Some people can just drink normally and function and not worry about anything they don't understand an alcoholics problems. It just doesn't make sense to them. Do you understand why someones a smoker if you can smoke a cig once in a while and not really care? I suppose there is no solution I could give you. Your brother was arrogant and ignorant and there is no excuse for that. I went downtown with my old college frat friends this weekend and even they ( imagine a frat and amount of drinking) respected my decision not to drink and probably enjoyed me more without me being a drunk idiot. You just have to find people that respect you family or not.
I'll quote one of my favorite sober people Robert Downey Jr.  This is good advice in general when it comes to family:..&gt;Listen smile agree and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway...But then I probably would have offered your brother a chance to try an NA beer.  Really fast.  All over his shirt.
My mom thinks like this.  She doesn't get that I can't stop at one drink.  She doesn't say anything but her face tells everything.  :).Your family will eventually come to understand that what you are doing is what is best for you -- not for them. Stay the course and don't let them get you down.  :)
