-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jkgsr/networking_in_sobriety/

Hi stopdrinking I'm new to sobriety - after a few failed attempts at white knuckling I've had a mindset shift and am feeling very grateful and peaceful for my decision to remove alcohol from my life for good...I'm learning a lot about what I like and don't like to do when there isn't the drawcard of alcohol there. One thing I'm struggling with is work related events and networking. ..Frankly... I'm finding these events totally boring. I used to be the party-starter the woman who knew everyone and could do introductions and make connections. I felt fearless about meeting new people and small talk was much more interesting with a glass of wine in my hand...I know the networking events I attend are useful for my career and help me form better relationships with clients which is important in my job. How the heck do I force myself to stick around and talk to people so I don't miss out on these relationship building opportunities?..I don't always find the people I need to have these relationships with very interesting even if they are perfectly nice people. Being around drunk or drinking people is just boring now...Do I just need to give myself a break and re-enter the networking world when I'm not so new to this?..Ps. Not sure if my badge thing is working it isn't showing on my mobile app. I'm on 14 days sober and counting.
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you keep sober.There is no one here who didn't regret drinking just a glass of wine for any reason.
Having reset my badge this weekend after a work thing- it isn't worth it. I won't have a career to network if I don't stop drinking. 
For me nothing ever got better or is better with a drink. Wishing you well on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today!
Networking/work events are the worst.  I've gotten through a few without drinking by making a short list of the people I need to connect with the most and the people I need to get connected. I work through the list as efficiently and politely as possible. Then I make my excuses and leave.  I now think of it as part the job - like having to work late from time to time. ..I hope that helps. I won't be drinking with you today!
