-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jkmma/day_1/

I have been lurking in this sub for the past couple of weeks but today I have decided that it is time to "put my dollar down" tell my story and take the next step. ..I have not hit rock bottom and am nowhere near rock bottom. I don't want to get there -- too much to lose. I haven't ever blacked out and I can't recall doing anything particularly embarrassing at least since I was a college student. Even so I drink more than I want and I have trouble stopping once I have started. A promised Friday afternoon cocktail turns into three or four and a Saturday morning headache. I have quit drinking for a couple months here and there but it hasn't stuck. I don't know if that's because I haven't been truly honest with myself about my struggles or because there isn't anyone in my life that is pressuring me to quit. In any event I will try to be honest in this sub and appreciate any support or advice from the group. ..Any advice as far as support is appreciated. I am an atheist so I don't think a 12-step group is for me. I have read a couple of the titles mentioned by other posters and found them to be helpful and will be rereading over the next few days. ..Thanks for reading and I won't be drinking with you today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome - wishing you peace on your sober journey. I will not drink withy you today.
A dollar well spent. I will not drink with you today! 
No dramatic rock bottom here either. My story is a slow steady increase over several years to daily drinking usually 3 to 5 drinks. I've quit several times for a few weeks - once for four months.  When I have quit before I never regretted not drinking. There are several people here with similar experience who have quit for years. We can do this!  I'm not drinking with you today!
We have a one week support group going on which we hope to grow together check out my post history and join us! Good luck either way!
Welcome. In recovery I learned quickly that there is no one definition of an alcoholic. You don't have to have drank all day every day or have had terrible consquences to qualify. So I'm glad you are here. ..My advice is to keep yourself out of boozy situations for the time being. Reach out to your friends and family for support. You can't do this alone. ..In terms of 12 step programs I'm an athiest and in AA and feel totally comfortable. It's be a huge part of my recovery. That being said not everyone needs a program to stay sober but it's always an option. ..Congrats on your first day!
Welcome.  I used resources over at Smart Recovery online.  I don't go over there anymore but I liked it and it was useful for me.  Their program is based on cognitive behavioral therapy.  Lots of good meetings you can pass type or talk.  One of my favorite meeting leaders was Hugh from Down Under.  I won't drink with you today.
