-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jm9hd/relapse_help/

Hello. I relapsed a couple months ago and my strong willpower and perspective on why I became a non-drinker (made it 60 days) is gone. It zapped my energy controlling this and I found relief from that stress. I told myself I could moderate but I'm back to 25-30 drinks per week. ..I feel lost this time. What is your trick to reset your sober mind?
----------immediate responses--------

I did not have any trick but just decided that I didn't want the life I was living when I was addicted to alcohol.  The desire to quit became the most important thing in my life more important than the "relief" I would feel from a drink and I avoided having a drink no matter how badly I wanted it until I could get some distance between my life and my addiction and figure out a new way to live.  It was not easy but was worth it for me.
I wish there was some sort of magic bullet but having relapsed myself many times I think I am still discovering all the triggers that make me tick back to alcohol; mostly it's stress and boredom so I try to be more mindful of myself at those times...I also come here multiple times a day I think it helps to reiterate the intention of not drinking and it does seem to set the mood of the day. ..Honestly it's just a day at a time and then trying to string them together. I wish I could tell you something more profound other than keep on keeping on my friend!
When I decided I wanted to stop I figured in order to give myself the best chance possible I should try what had worked for others before deciding it wasn't for me. That took me to therapy and AA. Staying sober on will power alone was absolutely exhausting. I found when I asked other people for help and found a community of like-minded people the whole not-drinking thing became a heck of a lot easier. I've found that the more willing I am to try what has worked for others the easier this thing gets. Is there anything you can add to your tool kit?
