-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6jy3fk/realizing_that_14_beers_on_a_tame_day_is_too_much/

First of all thank you to everyone who posts their personal struggles with alcoholism. It inspires me and Im sure many others..I keep reading that people have 2-3 glasses of wine every day and are concerned about their consumption and then I start thinking that I need 2-3 bottles of wine to feel anything or at least a 6 pack of 6+% ABV beer. I dont drink liquor other than an occasional Margarita here and there with dinner so I don't know how many cocktails I need....Clearly it's a problem; how do I deal with it without going on a long rehab stint? Or how have you people dealt with it?
----------immediate responses--------

I decided to quit after I found this place and then I came here every night for about three months and now I come back every so often. I found lots of strategies (sugar it turns out can help us through cravings and urges) and something some people call "playing the tape forward" where you think about what will happen if you drink how it will go down what you will lose etc...Even just coming here and reading and posting has been great...Welcome!
I was drinking large quantities on a daily basis and had to see a doctor to get started because I was really (hospitalization) sick.  I didn't know that acute alcohol withdrawal can be fatal without medical supervision.
[removed]
I was drinking about 16 beers a night before I stopped. I found reading here helped alot but at the end of the day its just took me committing to quitting. If I called it a break then why not just end the break early and if I could taper down or moderate I wouldnt need to quit in the first place lol. I just had to stop going to the store and buying beer every night. First few days where tough but its gets easier. Best of luck.
I could drink till blackout - if I only I had a bottle of wine I was "being good".  I went to an outpatient bootcamp for a week went to SMART meetings got a therapist and discovered SD. I read this every night for motivation inspiration and to give thanks for how far I have come.  I tried to quit/control my drinking for years..I finally realized "just stopping wasn't going to work I needed help.  Good luck - it's not easy but life is much better sober...promise. 
I decided I was done. Alcohol gone from my home and stopped buying. Avoided booze situations. ..It was one of the hardest things I have done in my life. 
In my family 14 beers is called a quiet Tuesday night :)
I've read the same here I also went to my 1st AA meeting and I swear everyone was trying to be the least alcoholic out of the alcoholics. Everyone kept saying they almost never drank before 5pm maybe a bottle or 2 of wine a 6 pack but never everyday. It made me not want to open up because damn I would blow those records out of the water. I hit a rock bottom by almost killing myself .362 BAL and I managed to also take a bunch of pills too. Resulted in  hospitalization and psych ward. Alcohol was no longer helping it was killing me...
Welcome.  I'm glad you found us.  Drinking is one big continuum. I used Smart Recovery online.  They have a great workbook too.  Their website has it and Amazon does too.  They have online meetings you can talk type or observe.  It's based on Cognitive Behavioral Therapy.  I also read all of the stories in sidebar under Saturday Shares and Sunday Solutions.  I also read This Naked Mind.  Highly recommended on the sub.  Link to free download in the sidebar.  I won't drink with you today.
