-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6k0eif/what_to_tell_my_kids/

I'll spare you the tiresome details but yesterday I drank all day at a golf tournament I'd taken my girls (9 years old) to watch. Got blackout drunk somehow we all made it home safely (no driving was involved). Yes I'll be getting a badge reset...But I was so messed up that my wife justifiably had my parents come get the girls. I'm getting a therapist and going to a meeting (or several) today. I plan to look for a sponsor as well...I want to tell my girls that I am never going to drink again but what happens if I relapse? I feel determined as I never have - I had an honest open conversation and even "came out" as an alcoholic to one of drinkingest buddies...Is it better to tell my girls that I'm "trying to never drink again or that I'm promising it will never happen again?..Thanks for being here SD. Any thoughts appreciated!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend. I would say ask them what they are willing to do and have them do it but tread carefully. You won't be yourself if you do relapse again
I have found that it is my sober behavior over a prolonged period of time that made a difference in what my family thought not anything I ever said.
My kids were a huge incentive to stop drinking and stay stopped as I saw how much I was hurting them.  My wife and I talked about it and choose age appropriate honesty and have maintained that honesty since that time.  It has provided accountability as well.  9 is also old enough that she is going to know what is going on and it needs to be dealt with in a healthy way or we are sowing the seeds of dysfunction for her...I would go with I am not drinking again as a result.  That way you know that you have made no provision for a work around.  ..The great thing is that rather than the shame that we tend to focus on - what if I relapse - the honesty has been a positive lesson for my kids as I live each day sober.  Daddy went from the depths to this and if you ever get in trouble in life you can too...
Words don't mean much and cause hurt and confusion. Showing them through actions is what matters. Just do whatever you need to do to stay sober and the rest tends to work itself out. 
Actions speak louder than words.  I won't drink with you today.  Welcome back.
Thanks everyone. I made a simple sincere apology to each of them and am going to a meeting tonight. The points you made about action not words were much appreciated.
