-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6k6t0e/500_days_sober_with_pics/

Hey beautiful ladies and gentlemen! I'm super happy today as I celebrate 500 amazing days of sobriety. Although my journey to recovery began with detox AA therapy medications and frequent visits to medical and alternative specialists SD has been a lifeline for me. When I say I couldn't have done it without all of you I mean it!!..Let's get started with pics :) http://imgur.com/a/Ty8oH..Since getting sober:.I've gone from a size 14 to a 4 (this took time it didn't happen overnight).My doctors took me off all medications (BP thyroid cholesterol).I'm so healthy I still can't believe it!.I've re-established relationships with my family and our bonds have never been stronger.I've eliminated virtually all toxicicty from my life (getting sober is tough enough let alone dealing with all that other BS).I have the most sincere and genuine friends ..I still have struggles:.Mom is going for yet another surgery - but I have coordinated the whole process and we're ready to go on August 1st.I haven't gone back to work as I'm still juggling Mom's care as well as my nephew now..But ya know what? It's all OK. I can deal with this sober and I DO NOT have to pick up a drink. Why the hell would I? And F up 500 days of hard work? NO. WAY. ..And of course one of the best parts of my sobriety is having the ability to be in a kind caring loving amazing relationship with my SO (feels weird to write that lol!). K is celebrating 15 years sober this December! Our time together is like nothing I've ever experienced. I would never be in this relationship if I was still drinking and in blackout mode 24/7. I will be clear and present for all of our upcoming trips and family parties and I will remember everything! ;)..To celebrate this beautiful milestone K is taking me away to a lovely lakeside resort in upstate NY today through Monday. ..Thank you thank you thank you to each and every one of you gorgeous people! There's no place like SD - I mean that folks! ;) Lots of love peace happiness and continued sobriety to you xoxo <3
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats and you look amazing! 
Lee you look great - and happy! Congratulations on this milestone and great job on all the work that went into it. And thank you for being such an inspirational and supportive person! 
Congrats again Lee! So freakin' awesome :D
Surely not the same person??..Well done you :)
This is so wonderful to read! Congratulations!!!!
Fabulous :) 500 days is huge!!
You look amazing. Today I Will not drink with you all x
Simply awesome!!'n. Congrats to you - enjoy the new life you've built! 
Amazing Lee! In this last picture you look 10 years younger and 100x happier than the first picture total time warp lady :)))
congratulations beautiful friend! have a wonderful weekend away. you deserve it. xoxoxoxoxo
Congratulations Ms. Lee!  You are an inspiration. 
Congratulations! I can see so much joy in your face at 500 days sober. What an achievement! Enjoy your time away you deserve it!
Day 16 I will not drink today 
Congratulations on 500 days! What an accomplishment. You look really happy and your confidence is so bright and inspiring both in the pictures and on SD. Enjoy the lakeside and good luck with your mom. She is in the right hands :)
Awesome! :D Congrats. 
Yay Lee! You're a beautiful person inside and out. Thanks for sharing your journey with us throughout you deserve all the happiness in the world &lt;3 Big congrats on 500!!!
I teared up reading this Lee. You have worked hard and been rewarded and that's a wonderful thing. Thank you for being such a great boost of positivity on SD.
What a difference! You look amazing and are such and inspiration.
Woohooo!  Congrats on 500 days!  Enjoy your getaway!    
Nice work on the 500! You're lookin hot what a difference sobriety does to the body and mind.
Congratulations on 500 days! I'm fairly new here but I've noticed that you're a champion for everyone and have really made a difference to many with your support and kind words.  Have an amazing time away with your SO this weekend. Your pictures show a happy confident and in-a-very-good-place person. Congratulations again!! 
Awww Lee you are a lovely person in and out!
Congratulations!!! You look fantastic :)  Glad to hear about all the positivity in your life and keep being happy and healthy.  I hope you enjoy your weekend and thank you for posting - you are truly an amazing and inspiring person!
So inspiring! You are exuding vibrance and happiness in the last 2 pics. Well done you!
You look absolutely amazing!!  Enjoy your trip!
I can feel happiness in every word! Congrats!
Your enthusiasm is contagious! Congratulations on 500! Inspiring me!!    
Congrats - change is good.... Have fun which lake?  One with loons? Don't have them here sadly but we had bears last week....
You look fantastic! Great job! I also look at my sober days and say to myself 'No way I'm going back to Day 1!!!' Thanks for your post!
nice one lee congrats. i love the energy in the second pic. enjoy your long w/e away.
[removed]
Woo Hoo Lee !!..Beautiful!!!
Wow that's amazing! So nuts the effects abusing alcohol has on our bodies. Have fun  at your upstate resort  
Lee you are such an amazing person inside and out - well done and thanks for the inspiration x
Congratulations!! Have a wonderful trip isn't sobriety grand!!
So incredibly proud of you! You're absolutely an inspiration!!! 
Wow you go girl! Your transformation is incredible!
You are an inspiration! You just sound so happy and I'm happy for you
Wow Wow Wow!  Here it is!  So fantastic to see you and so happy for you.  Thank you for making my day  and thank you for being here for me and being such an important part of my life-line.  The kind of genuine support and caring I have received from you here I have not had too much of it in my real life and all I can hope is that I do it justice by supporting others when they need it.  Thank you thank you thank you my friend and I hope you have an amazing weekend.  Now off to pop that perrier! 
Congratulations Gorgeous!
Enjoy the (adirondacks?) native here! :)
Lee I am thrilled for you. It is such a pleasure to witness your triumphs. Thank you for being the heart and soul of SD.
Omg! I've been waiting to read this  .I'm soooo happy for you!! You look soo freaking stoked to be sober it's refreshing. I can't wait to continue this journey with you :).And without further ado....... https://youtu.be/_LpMB1OZ53g..Enjoy your trip! You definitely deserve it. Especially for how much you give to others on here you deserve some love! 
Congratulations Lee your change is inspirational to see...Enjoy your trip away!
Hey Lee in NY this post made me smile the whole way through. Have a great trip! You are an inspiration. Glad you stick around here even after 500 days. 
WOW - great post - great pics. Congrats on 500. I will not drink with you today.
Wow  awesome Lee! Thanks for always being a great support!
Hot damn! Awesome post and congrats!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so proud to have to you as a friend. Your optimism and honesty are wonderful...Congrats you sexy bitch!!! 
Congrats Lee What a wonderful way to celebrate 500 Days; hope you have a lovely time at the lakeside resort with K!  Raising my coffee cup to ya 'click-click'...
omg ...Beautiful !!!!! But I have to confess for some reason I always thought you were a guy....idk why...you have been a great help to me personally with your post and helping and commenting on a few of mine you got me through a lot of tough times... I Thank you...much love.
Life is always hard but it is always easier to handle when you're sober. Congrats on 500 days! I love this post.
Wish you all the best that life has to offer.  You sure have earned it.  :-) 
Damn girl look at you! That's amazing good for you &amp; you look amazing. What really resonated with me though is how you are able to handle stress better. Life still happens things will still go wrong sometimes but I can't believe how much better prepared mentally I am to deal with those situations. I can't wait until I hit that 500 youre an inspiration! :)
Congrats. You are beautiful and look amazing. Inspirational. 
Wow this is amazing congrats!!! You look beautiful healthy and happy. This post is my inspiration today!!
Wow! You look amazingly happy and healthy!!
That's awesome! Congratulations on your new life!
Incredible!!! Congratulations!
You look wonderful and so happy. Congratulations! Truly great to see your progress!
Yay lee!!!! So proud of ya. Keep up the amazing work and have fun this weekend!! 
Leeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!...Looky here!!!  What a wonderful thing to get to see this first thing in my morning.  You have me smiling big times Lee!!!!..You my friend have been such a constant support here and such a wonderful cheerleader for us all.  Following by your great example so many of us have benifited from your presence...You are a true winner.  And a huge rockstar!!!!..Thank you Lee...Thank you for being here....Thank you for who you are!!!!
Congrats on 500! (Hey I live in Upstate NY!) Have a sober and wonderful weekend!..
Thanks for sharing your inspiring story.  You look fantastic and better yet you sound so satisfied.  I won't drink with you today.
Lee I am seriously in awe of your progress. You are so incredibly inspiring to me and I am so so proud of your complete and total transformation (inside and out)!!! Congrats take it all in! You deserve to celebrate this milestone. Can't wait to read more about your journey in the future. You have made such an impression on me in this sub and I am grateful for your presence!! I can only hope to be where you are someday. Thank you! 
SO SO SO HAPPY for you !!!!  Truly a new person with a new life Congrats!!!!
Congrats again on 500! That is such an awesome accomplishment! You look great!
No words darlin' just big smiles and much love...
     
Awesome work
Wow!  That's awesome!  Congratulations on 500 and I won't drink with you today (or this month or this...)
Wow! You look fantastic - and you're inspiring! Thank you for sharing your story! Congrats!
You look great and very happy! I will not drink with you today  
Congratulations on 500! You look fantastic! 
Congratulations and enjoy your trip! You look amazing and you deserve every happiness :).
I needed to read this post. I keep making it a few days then slipping up then going a few repeat repeat. I'm terrified I can never make this work. I am an evening binge drinker- I make it through work and taking care of the kids etc but then once they are asleep since they go to bed early- i binge until I blackout. I don't remember half my night or conversations etc. do you have any advice for making it 'stick' ? I'm going to get a bracelet to wear every day to remind myself of my goals but any other advice would be absolutely amazing. I am so so so proud of you!!!!!!! And you look INCREDIBLE! I promise to not drink with you today 
you look fabulous! and congratulations again! 500 days is huge. have fun on your romantic getaway!  
Quality post and some quality recovery right here :) 
Congrats and thanks for sharing!!!.You look amazing and sounds like you're enjoying your life too.  Such an inspiration.  
Yeah lady!!  Congratulations on such a big life change.  And thank you for all of the love you give to all of us around here - you are SD's very own cheerleader!  I hope you have an amazing time at the resort; you deserve it!
You look fantastic! Congratulations and well-earned!
Yay 500!!! You're such an inspiration...so positive and supportive of everyone. Thank you for being there for all of us! It's nice to be able to send cyber hugs to you on your special day! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Holy shit!  Now THOSE are some before and after pics. You still look like you were partying it up in the second one!  Lol. Love reading your posts. 
You look great! Happy for you have a great long weekend. 
Absolutly love this post and love you to peices Lee...You are a constant source of support to me and so many others. Enjoy this day my sweet friend and enjoy your break away...xx
Congrats! You look amazing! And you've accomplished amazing things! I hope the weather clears up for you. I'm in Upstate and it's been a rainy pile of suck here!
Happy 500 and congrats on the weight loss! That's two monkeys off your back at the same time. Great work.
you look amazing :) I'm glad you feel so much better
Now that's amazing!! You look (and sound) great!!  Keep up the great work!  I've said it a number of times but I love posts like this.  SEEING the transformation is such a motivation!  In time I look forward to sharing mine as well :)  
Good one - well done
You look beautiful Lee. Many congratulations. Sending you much love. Enjoy your trip you little minx xx:-))
Congrats!  And you look amazing!
Looking great! Congrats!
Congrats! Reading the before and after success stories like yours are a true inspiration for me! Sober on! 
You are beautiful inside and out! Your kind words have helped me hang in there. Congrats and have a great trip! 
Congratulations! I can just see you saying "WHOOOOOOO" in that second picture hahahaha.
what a wonderful message thank you for sharing
Outstanding! You look wonderful!
You look fantastic! Amazing work congrats!!
You look absolutely amazing. Huge congratulations on your achievements :))
You look fantastic!  Congratulations!  I admire your dedication and look forward to celebrating my 500 days even more thanks to your inspiring story. 
Congrats Lee! I've enjoyed seeing you as a supportive voice around here. 500 days looks good on you!
Came here to congratulate you at 500 days and to say I hope I can make it there someday myself.......  .  .Checked my badge 593 days! Holy shit! I've spent so much time enjoying such a rich and whole life without alcohol that I didn't even realise what a huge amount of days I've already racked up! Congrats to you and to us all who continue to grow and shine in the light of our health personal care and continued empowerment!  .  .    ..You look fantastic! &lt;3
Lee Congratulations on 500! You look fantastic and your positive attitude is infectious! Let the celebrations begin!
Congratulations!  You look so much healthier and happier.
Lee - fellow (upstate) New Yorker here. You look fantastic and I mean that from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for giving me hope!
Congratulations on the complete transformation of - well everything!..I hope you have a wonderful time on your getaway.  My daughter and I just got back from 10000 Islands and it was amazing!
Congrats! 
This sounds cliche but......YOU GO GIRL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
So nice to put a face to the name! Congratulations!!! 
Way to go u/Lee_in_NY! So happy for you. 500 days is a great round milestone. Isn't it great of BP and cholesterol and normalize once you cut out the booze :)
Congratulations on your half K!    Enjoy the long weekend upstate. Sobriety sure delivers what alcohol promises.  
Awe yeah! 
LOVE THIS.  I'm seriously smiling ear to ear and am a little misty.  I don't even know you but YAY!  You also are giving me huge hope for my future.
I love the second picture of you celebrating. Excellent job!
:)  Yay Lee!!!
Congrats you look amazing! Inspiration to everyone here. 
Dang!!!! Sober looks amazing on you! Hope you have a weekend as great as you are ;)
What a milestone. Congratulations. You look great!
Congratulations on the big milestone! Keep up the great work!
Whoo Lee! Congratulations to you on 500 days! You seem so happy and I am very happy for you!
Congratulations!
WOW. Huge congratulations. Very inspiring. So much love on this string. Please keep showing the rest of us the way forward...
You forgot to mention another achievement. You have been a huge part of the recovery of other people...You've given me hope encouragement and inspiration...I'm so happy for you congrats on all your hard work and thank you for everything you've done for me and others here...You rock!
 My sober sister from across the nation!  I hit 500 today too and I couldn't be happier for you!  Stay well keep living beautifully. 
Wow! You look so happy! As someone starting my 2nd month this is really inspirational.  
Way to go Lee!  You look beautimous:) and happy! 
Winning!..Congrats 
Thank you for posting- I've fallen a few times and your post inspires me. 
Congratulations on 500 days! Enjoy your vacation hangover free! 
You have purple eyes. Are you a Targerian?
That's so rad. You're an inspiration!
Congrats on 500 days! Quite the transformation. 
What what?! You are such an inspiration to me...as I sit in the ICU detoxing. Thank you and congrats!
Hot damn! I go away for two days and come back to see you hitting a huge milestone and flaunting that hot bod! WAY TO GO!!! Well earned and deserved happiness! 
Congratulations on your half K!  Sobriety sure delivers what alcohol promises. Enjoy the long holiday weekend in the Catskills. 
[removed]
A bit of puppy fat is ok just don't go all anorexic on us. Congratulations on your success you are my inspiration today.
&gt; But ya know what? It's all OK. I can deal with this sober and I DO NOT have to pick up a drink. Why the hell would I? And F up 500 days of hard work? NO. WAY...I love this. Pretty much sums up how I feel about my sobriety at this point...Congratulations Lee!
Congrats!!!! Thanks for always having a kind word of encouragement. I know when I first started out on my journey sometimes a single kind comment was enough to keep me on the right path. 
Congratulations beautiful lady!! Hope you have a fantastic weekend away. You give so much of yourself to your family and to your community of alcoholics in recovery. I hope you 
You look great!! Very inspiring :) Congratulations on hitting the 500 days milestone and have a great trip!!
Awesome and inspiring!  Thanks!
Amazing!! Sobriety looks good on you :)
Hell yes! Fuck the zero!  
LEE!!!! YOU LOOK SO FREAKING HEALTHY AND HAPPY. I am so happy you are part of this community!!!
You look amazing Lee! Hope our rain stays away from your weekend!
I'm late to the party but wanted to say congratulations on 500 days!!!!!  You are such a beautiful woman inside and out and there is no who more deserves the sobriety and happiness you have achieved. I feel honored to know you and share your joy with this milestone &lt;3 ..p.s. I live in upstate NY! Have so much fun :)
Congratulations Lee on 500 days. You look beautiful!! Thank you for sharing so much. You are an inspiration to me.
Hey hey hey! Happy 503rd day! Holy shit babe you look amazing! I am super crazy happy for you Lee loads a love'n' hugs Hxxx
