-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6k7ubq/when_life_hits/

Yesterday my father collapsed from a blood clot in the brain. He is in Coma and underwent an operation. I saw him today it was horrible to see while there is twitching and heavy breathing from a non-responsive father whom ive just spoken to a couple the day before. Its heartbreaking and I am so happy that i am not drunk or having a hangover so i can process this in a right way. I cant imagine the terror and shame and guilt it would feel if ive been drinking. We are currently all waiting in the hospital for the results of the MR and EEG scan. Im not gonna drink with abunchnyone anytime soon. ..Update #1: MR scannings revealed that he suffered severe braindamage and they are preparing us for the fact that he might never wake up. Its unreal. Thank you for your wishes! ..Update#2: My father passed away after 10 hours of struggling with breathing after finally succumbing to the fatique. Everyone was there holding his head and arms while he took the last journey out of his body. 
----------immediate responses--------

Im sorry to hear about your dad and I really hope he gets better. I am pleased you are sober and dealing with this. Hang in there and sending you lots of good vibes    
I'm also glad you're sober in this difficult time. I was in a similar situation in March--talked to my father on a Sunday and on Tuesday he was in ICU on a ventilator no warning. I was so thankful to have 9 months of sobriety behind me and a clear head to make decisions with. Your sobriety and your authentic presence are a precious gift to yourself your father and your family at this time. Stay present and stay human my friend whatever that means in the moment. Sending you hugs.
I'm sorry about your father. One of the great gifts is sobriety is that I can deal with things like this in real time. Not years from now when I accident ill at mess up the balance of drugs and alcohol that isolated me from the experience. ..Not drinking with you today..M
I'm sorry to hear about your dad. That is such a scary situation. I am glad you are able to be there for your family sober and with a clear head. Sending positive thoughts your way. Stay strong! I won't drink with you today.
I'm sorry to hear of your father's illness. Sending out some positive energy and good thoughts for you and your family.
I'm so sorry....that's so scary. It's so good for you and your family that your present and able to be fully supportive. I hope your father gets better quickly. I won't drink with you today...
I'm so sorry to hear this   I can't imagine what you're going through. Stay strong we're all here to support you!
[removed]
