-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kfmyr/10_year_wedding_anniversary_1st_one_sober/

Today I've been married 10 years to an amazing brilliant beautiful woman who stuck with me throughout years of struggle with addiction. Some times were tough and I didn't always think things would last not because I ever doubted we loved each other but my alcoholism just had such a deadly grip on me. Well today I get to celebrate 10 years with my darling wife happier and healthier than I've ever been and next month will be a year clean. It's amazing how much better life is sober I'm so thankful she helped me get to this point and that I was able to get past the worst of it to become a better man. ..Mainly I just wanted to share but if anyone has suggestions on a gift or something I can do for my wife to show appreciation I'd be happy for any ideas. We generally aren't big on anniversaries and I try to show my love every day not just when there is an occasion but this feels like a big one. Mainly I'm just so happy and grateful for everything I've got today's a joyous day where I'm sober & loving life.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good job man well done. Alcoholism ruins do many families. ..Make something for her something special. I don't know you wife hobbies or passions but do something that is in some way unique. She helped you and you became a better person so do something that make her feel loved and proud of you. .Or maybe something from you past maybe an object that you can modify from when you where an alcoholist and give it a different meaning or better if you have some moments that have been ruined because you were drunk like a dinner prepare in the same way the meal and show her how all has changed and how now you can have some good time tougher because of her helping you and of you keeping it up. 
Give her you're one year chip! It will mean the world to her and you!
Congratulations! My relationship played a big part in me getting sober. I knew that if I wanted our love to last the drinking and partying was not sustainable. I'm so glad you are able to celebrate two amazing milestones together. As far as presents go I am a big fan of taking a weekend (or even a night) away together somewhere peaceful. Being sober you will be able to appreciate it all the more.
One of my college professors mentioned that she and her husband just go for a walk together every year on their anniversary. That strikes me as sweet and lovely in its simplicity. 
Happy anniversary to you both  
Awesome  congratulations 
