-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kg8xt/headed_into_the_weekend_single_so_ended_things/

I posted yesterday about the positives I was seeing after only 1 week. And then last night bam! Hit straight on with a breakup...He said this last bad episode was enough and he's just done. He doesn't care that I've quit drinking that I'm getting help that I'm struggling with my emotions or that I'm unemployed. He's just done. Fuck who leaves a newly sober unemployed person?..I get that my actions are the direct cause of this. I have owned up and admitted to everything even stuff he didn't know about. I did that for me not for him and I'm not drinking for me as well. I don't ever want to be the person I was just over a week ago. Why can't he see that?..I managed about 4 hours of sleep last night but woke up mad followed by a crying fit. I'm also scared I'm going to lose my house because unemployment only pays about 1/4 of what I use to earn and I can't pay the bills without his help. It's a vicious cycle of mad sad scared right now. And to make matters worse he's sleeping on the couch so I have limited access to the living area and kitchen. (He was actually pissed when I said I didn't want to sleep in the bed with him!)..I don't feel like drinking but I know that little "Fuck it!" voice is lingering back there. Right now I'm having Sleepytime Vanilla tea to try and calm myself down. ..Thanks for giving me a place to vent.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm dealing with something similar where the last straw is the last straw. No answers but I won't drink with you today.
Congratulations on your sober time so far!..&gt;I did that for me not for him and I'm not drinking for me as well...This resonates with me. The only way I can really make my sobriety work *for me* is by making it *about me*. ..&gt;Why can't he see that?..Sometimes I wish my supposed clarity on other people but ultimately I can't control what other people see. "What other people see when they look at me is none of my business." For me many times this falls under "things I cannot change."..Not sure if any of this is helpful but I won't drink with you today. 
I feel for you and know what you are going through.  Please remember that whatever happens good or bad drinking will not make anything better.  Never did and never will...Hang in there and stay strong.
I am so sorry that this has happened to you. My drinking was a big part of the reason my past relationship ended but unlike you I went right ahead and only started drinking more. And it took another year or so of bad moments because of drinking to really make me realize how alcohol could potentially ruin my life. .Now when I am in a bad spot and really badly want to drink (even though I know that I will hate myself for it later) I get myself angry at respond to that "fuck it!" voice with a solid " no fuck you! I know you are just trying to make my life worse and not today! I already feel bad enough!". .Have you considered an AA meeting? In my experience its an extremely supportive community and I have met some wonderful people through it! .Anyway. Not sure if that will help. I am far from perfect and still struggle a lot but I will not drink with you today!
Relationship issues are the worst it gets better with time just like sobriety does. I've been through similar events and slipped that "fuck it" voice is so convincing! I'm not the one to give advice so I wish you good luck and you probably know you can do this!
Sorry for what you are going through. Breakups suck but if there is a silver lining to the cloud you can now focus on your sobriety and put yourself first. 
