-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6knaf1/how_to_get_through_when_sht_hits_the_fan/

 So I have been sober for four weeks. It's been okay I feel a million times better and have no desire at all to feel the aftermath of a drunk. .. However I feel like I've been smacked by a board in the head in terms of stress levels... I am 38 years old. I went to the walk in for a uti. A really bad one. Like pissing blood and wetting myself bad. The doctor told me I was pregnant so she couldn't prescribe antiobiotics. I told her my period wasn't due for another week so how could this be possible and she basically dismissed me and accused me of lying about my last period and showed me where there was hcg in the urinalysis. She wouldn't prescribe me antibiotics despite there being some that are safe to take while pregnant and IF I am in fact pregnant an untreated uti can cause more problems... I took two home pg tests that are negative so while I know false positives are rare this may be one. And if so it's my second one in a year and would love to know my body shows traces of hcg as this can also be indicative of a larger problem. I digress... My boyfriend is MIA after that news..... My 17 year old son  smashed his mouth skateboarding. Which required emergency dental work. Which cost a fortune. I now only have half my rent that is due today and while I will have the other half on the 14th I am petrified of being evicted. .. Due to my drinking habits over the years I am in financial ruin and work as a nurse but still live pay cheque to cheque trying to fix said issues. I have moved 12 times in my son's life. We have been here three months. I do not want to move. We also struggled while he was young and I was in school trying to improve our life and I have major anxiety over financial stress not just in the regular money stress ( which I feel every day) but because of all the moves and evictions over the years I am literally having a full blown panic attack over this... Work. I work on a specialized unit. It is for young people with dementia that are too " violent " to be anywhere's else. When I say young I mean 50's 60's early onset. .. The people I work with are horrible. They do things that would be considered abuse they are horrible to each other it could not be further than patient focused care I've yet witnessed elsewhere. If up to some of them they would honestly be left in restraints all day while they sit at the nurses station. I cry some days due to treatment of patients. There is a bully mentality on the unit as well so if you go against what that clique feels is right  you may as well hang yourself because good luck if youre on the outs and patient has a moment and goes after you... It is disheartening because they have no interest in learning or even attempting softer approaches... I was called into management last week and told I am doing an amazing job. I spoke up about some of the mistreatment of patients. .. My co workers are now closing doors in my face and talking about me sitting right there. .. It is hell. I do however know that I did the right thing I know I am exceptional at my job and I also know they are in the wrong... It does not make my twelve hour shifts any easier.... So basically there is a chance I am pregnant with a very unplanned pregnancy but still can't get a straight answer ( and not something I want at this age)  have a fever and am pi*s*ng razor blades due to an untreated UTI am broke   have to tell my land lord about not having rent my boyfriend is doing his typical disappearing act that comes with any stressful event ( and he is currently unemployed and living in another city so there's that as well) and I have to go to work tomorrow feeling like physical crud while dealing with extremely physically and emotionally draining patients while listening to snide comments fro my co workers all day and being bullied by them... However I will not drink today because all of that will be a heck of a lot worse with a hangover... 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh man do you ever have a lot going on in your life! I'm so sorry for your struggles and I'm sending out some positive energy and good thoughts for you!..I'm a private nurse taking care of a gentleman with Lewy body dementia. There have been many days where I thought I was the one going crazy. It. Is. Rough!..Some days I just have to be content with putting one foot in front of the other and knowing that whatever happens I'm still sober...You're going to need some help with that uti though. In the states they will frequently prescribe Pyridium which will help with the pain. Surely an equivalent is available there? An over the counter version is also available but less effective (according to my wife). Warm bath and lots of liquids!
Oh my god. Do I feel you. My teen daughter and I recently moved to a new province for a job transfer. I asked if she wanted to move- as it was the third move in three years and she said yes. ..She is miserable and I am having serious money issues. Not due to drinking mostly being a single mom with massive student loan debt and moves for work. ..Anyway my daughter and I had a huge fight about me giving her money to fly home and see her friends. She called social services on me. Obviously there is no abuse or neglect. She is just throwing a fit because I don't want to (can't afford to) fly her to see her friends. ..I am just super fucking depressed and stressed out. Both of my coworkers quit so I am the only person doing a 3 people job currently. I am putting my resume together as I am underpaid and hoping to get something better paying in my field. ..I really wanted to drink once I heard she called social services on me but obviously i won't. My daughter doesn't really know or think I have a drinking problem as I binge drank when she wasn't home only. She hasn't ever seen me drunk actually. This is good because at least it can't be used against me with social services...Anyway I'm in debt over worked fighting with a teen but eh- I'm sober. And I shall remain that way despite it all. ..Just wanted to say- life sucks balls right now and you aren't alone and I won't drink with you today. 
I'm sorry you're going through so much all at once. Kudos for seeing the truth that alcohol will only make all of this worse...On another note you are absolutely correct that several antibiotics are proven to be safe during pregnancy and not treating a UTI in a woman who may be pregnant is inappropriate. You need to see a different *competent* doctor.
