-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kny67/six_months/

Man I can't believe it has been six months. ..It was rough going at first and then I had a CPTSD flare up through May which took me to a pretty dark place. My doctor put me on anti-depressants which have already made a huge difference in my functionality and well-being. Being able to handle that depressive episode is something I completely attribute to being sober--although I was absolutely struggling I was able to handle it like a goddamn adult. ..My life feels super different. My apartment feels like a home and is pretty much spotless 97% of the time. I started taking boxing classes which have been super fun and challenging. I've been cooking at home a lot--healthy but hella tasty meals. Although it wasn't a goal really I've lost a ton of weight--I'm down two dress sizes and continuing to drop. Work (and the apprenticeship they're putting me through) is going insanely well. I'm still recovering financially but things are basically on track. I've been reading a ton. I'm still in therapy and I'm also in ACA which are both supportive productive and while--at times--tough really positive. While a lot of things are on the surface the same I *feel* so different and my ability to navigate frustration or disappointment or setbacks is 10000x improved. ..Now I rarely think about drinking. It's just not A Thing. The only times it really comes up is with the occasional drinking dream which is annoying and a bummer--but at least it's just a dream and not reality. ..The sober friends I've made are amazing and I'm so so grateful for them for AA (particularly secular AA) and for my totally badass sponsor. The relationships with the friends that saw me through the darkest of times have grown a lot stronger and deeper. And I'm so grateful for SD! I check in less than I used to but this place was a lifeline for me in the beginning. ..Six months isn't very long but so much feels SO BETTER. So much more manageable. I really can't wait to see what comes next. ..If you're early on hang in there and keep reaching out for help. I believe in you. ..Thanks for everything! Love you all! .
----------immediate responses--------

This is an excellent accomplishment. Well done!
Congratulations on six months! YEAH!
Awesome! It's great having you on the journey. 
