-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6koa4w/relapse_more_chipped_teeth/

I had an old alcoholic roommate text me telling me to fuck off and etc. we had a depressing text war and blocked each other soon afterwards. I had been sober a few months. ..In hindsight i realize the stress from that bad friendship ending caused the relapse. I Started nipping on my dad's whiskey. I then went and found my moms xanax. I usually just want to smoke weed and it helps my anxiety but im currently in the rural south where getting weed is a pain in the ass. Im moving to California in a month for a new job...Anyway i black out and start driving around. I go to some old redneck aquiantence house and within 15 minutes he is punching me in the face. He gave me two black eyes and a chipped tooth. I dont even really know what i did or said...The reason i came home in the first place was the exact same thing happened 5 years ago but a different guy punched me way harder and more so i had to get eye surgery to fix a crossed eye. Now i'm here with that same eye blacked again. Fortunately this guy didnt hit me as much and i think I'm ok...My wife is filing for divorce after i came home bloody and bruised and blacked out...I came here a few months ago saying i was going to quit after a DUI and this relapse came seemingly out of nowhere i feel like someone else did it...Please help. This is getting worse and worse all the time 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear all that :(.There is only one person and one way to help - *you* have to *stop now*. Chances are it will get only worse with alcohol whatever is happening..Stay strong!
I'm sorry to hear about your ongoing struggles unfortunately nothing changes until something changes.  I needed IRL support from AA because nothing else I was doing was working...This is my mantra given to me by a beloved mentor:..&gt; We get sober and stay sober when we realize that the pain and consequences of drinking outweigh any reservation we have about our alcohol dependence or alcoholism. I wasn't able to get sober and stay sober until I fully accepted that there is nothing left in the bottle for me...Good luck to you.
I'm fresh in my day 1 but please stop for the sake of your sanity and loved ones. Life will get better. ..Are you dealing with withdrawal right now?
You do not want to wait until you get a DUI.  I did the same thing and before I was even convicted of my first DUI I had already gotten another one.  I lost my license for 4 years.  4 years is a very long time when you are 25 years old.  I smashed into a tree at 75 mph and somehow didn't kill myself or anyone else.  I shutter every time I think about what I could have done.  My SUV basically disintegrated thank god it was only a tree that I hit.  Less than 4 months later I had already gotten a second DUI.  I look back on that and cannot even imagine being that stupid but it happens.  Alcohol takes the place of all reason and logic 
I'm confused. Do you already have a DUI? I agree with Bohemian Man. It sounds like you need a IRL support group.
What finally did it for me was admitting that I couldn't do it on my own. I went to AA because I figured it was worth a shot to give it an honest try. I followed the suggestions and my life is very different today. I couldn't do it without IRL support and now I can't imagine why I would want to do it without IRL support. I've made so many good friends by going to those meetings. Help is out there but you have to be willing to go out and get it. Are you willing to do that today? Glad you're here. 
We don't have to live like this anymore.  Help to stop drinking is all around us right now.  I hope and pray you have had enough to make you want to stop.  Difficult to imagine what worse consequences might be necessary.
Oh man... That is terrible. I can't imagine how low you're feeling right now. What a horrible experience at least what you can remember of it. ..I don't really give advice here because who the hell am I? But in your case I would strongly recommend seeking professional help. These are pretty extreme circumstances. You're physically injured and it could have been way worse. You don't know what you did or said to get punched in the face and you were so wasted that you couldn't defend yourself. Now your wife is filing for divorce... I think reaching out for help at this juncture would be a great move. I don't know if doing this on your own even with this amazing subreddit would be enough. Perhaps it would be but it couldn't hurt to seek out something bigger...I truly and sincerely wish you the very best luck. It's going to be quite a journey for you. I hope you check in here often and let us know how you're doing. I am really rooting for you man...Take care of yourself pal.
