-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kpkvx/im_so_angry/

I didn't know where else to turn so I decided to post. I'm so angry at everything. I'm 9 days without a drink but technically only one day sober because I smoked pot on Thursday night. I was sober in AA for 18 months from 2013-2014. I had a sponser I worked the steps I was seceratry of my damn home group...I moved to a new town and I drifted away. I relapsed. I found out during my relaspe I was undiagnoised bipolar. I'd been avoiding seeing someone about medication for years because the AA in my area is super old school and medication means not sober. ..So I came to terms with being bipolar. I know I use alcohol to self-medicate my bipolar. I went off my meds 9 months ago because I was feeling better ( I'm an idiot I know) and my drinking spiralled again. I tried to get back on my meds two weeks ago but it was too late. I tried to kill myself while drunk last Thrusday. I spent 5 days in an in-patient psychatric hospital and called my old sponsor from there. ..I thought I wanted to come back to AA but I don't know if I do anymore. For one I don't think pot is ever has been or ever will be a problem for me. It helps me come down from mania and elminates my desire to drink (I mean like entirely. When I was drinking I would specifically avoid smoking weed because I knew the second I did I would stop drinking). ..I don't want to do the steps again I don't want to spend every day in meetings. I don't want to call a sponsor every day and I don't even really want to call myself an alcoholic. ..I also never want to drink again. I'm scared I can't do it without AA. It seems all the people you see with long-term sobirety did it with AA. I want that too...I just don't know what to do and I'm scared and I'm exhausted from thinking about it. All I can think to do is not pick up a drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Sorry to hear of your struggles that sounds rough!..I've not been to AA myself but this sub alone seems to be really helping me and I don't even have to go anywhere just hop on any time of day or night.... I'm certainly not planning to give up pot myself (I'd like to kick the tobacco though eventually!).... ..9 days without a drink is 9 days without a drink no matter what anybody else thinks!..I think every one of us has to find our own way that works for us by trying or reading about everyone's methods and listening to your own body about what is best for it.... I'll not drink with you today (but I might have a quick doobie to send me to sleep!)..Sending hugs from this end! Peace x
Hey I have long term sobriety and did not do it with AA. I did go to that program for a long time and I found the social support helpful but the program itself was actually a negative thing for me. So I stopped going and moved over to SMART Recovery which was a far better fit for me...With that said I totally understand your fear that you will not be able to stay sober without AA. If you're used to old school AA then you've heard that mantra over and over and if the only support group you've ever gone to is AA then of course you won't have a lot of experience with people who do it a different way. But we're here! Look at all of the SD members who use SD as their main resource and are doing well...No not be afraid!..And I will not drink with you today...
You don't have to commit to being sober for the rest of your life and you certainly don't need to commit to going to AA for the rest of your life RIGHT NOW. If you think AA will help you how about going to a meeting tonight? You can think about tomorrow tomorrow. I get in a lot of trouble when I start to future trip. I've found that when it comes to my sobriety one day at a time is all I need to worry about. Early on I would have buried myself in fear and anxiety if I had spent all of my time thinking about all the implications of an entire life spent sober. To me it's a waste of time and a distraction from what I know is good for me right now. Glad you're here. 
Chiming in here in sympathy for your anger. I have acknowledged over the last couple of weeks that I'm simmering with rage rage at people who have hurt me rage at situations I have created and others that just are rage at myself for squandering perfectly good years of my life chasing oblivion etc. With that acknowledgement came the realization that I need to let it all go to whatever extent I can and live in the present continuous seeking a better way to live. I went to an AA meeting on Thursday and I told those people how angry I am and listened to them in turn and it was a good thing for me to do be there with them in that room but I also confirmed for myself that I don't feel comfortable enough with that program to make it a regular part of my life and that's OK. I'm grateful it's there like I'm grateful for this sub and the books that have helped me. It's like a buffet isn't it? You don't have to put everything on your plate and neither do you have to abstain from what isn't a problem for you (re: pot which I also indulge in when I feel like it). I'm not-drinking with you today. :)
For me I know that I keep my own counter. And for me that counter is for booze. I am so happy to be sober. Removing alcohol from my life has been a fantastic gift. I'm interested to know what other people's counters look like to get to know them. But I have very little interest in their opinion of my counter. I'm not looking to be held to their counter or hold them to mine. May you find your way to peaceful existence.
