-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kpsxc/last_night_i_bought_two_bottles_of_wine/

I was alone. Tired of behaving. I wanted to fuck shit up. I put them in my freezer and waited. And then I'm prettttyyyyy sure I lost my mind for a moment because I just started writing nonsensical ramblings. I pieced together the pieces that were coherent..."It's getting dark .I'm about to fall again.I wish I was more alarmed .as the whispers come flooding in .I'm alone for the first time in along time .I've been running and reaching back ..I am magnificently merciless .I am savage .I have all the necessary experience .Well versed on every deviance .I wrote the commandments .On living life with reckless abandonment ..I want to do wrong to my body .Scare my throat. fill my lungs with smoke .Drink every last drop.Until I remember what I had never forgot .That I like when it when it's more than I can manage .You can't free a damsel damaged ..I'm struggling with my inclinations .My tendency to disregard all forms of hesitation .My hand is hovering .Almost touching .my self destruct button .Surely she will buckle .Under her white knuckles ..Tonight I'm here to lay down my services .I assure you .I'm every bit a disaster that's deserves it .The Poster child for the ugly truth.A perfect example of what not to do .Please hold your encouragement .I'll gladly be derailed .To be your professional cautionary tale"...Then I ate my weight in McDonald's and held my dog tight until I fell asleep. I feel like I should be happier that I didn't drink but all I feel is empty. I will not drink with you tonight. .....
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work - accolades for falling asleep sober and gorging on fast food being pretty much solely reserved for alcohol abusers . ..In my experience feeling empty is sometimes a good sign of a certain calm inside. ..PS. Your ramblings have a nicely lyrical quality. Reminds me a little bit of [Courtney Barnett](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcnIhzaDTd0).  
Wow. I really like your writings. I'm sorry you don't feel happier about making it through.   Does anything help the emptiness?
this helped :)
This post is triggering me...I want Mcdonald's now. 
Oh come on girl! Look how strong you are! Look what you were able to do. ALONE with wine and you didn't drink? Yes ma'am you got this! I am proud of you. I want you to be proud of yourself. Now go get rid of the fucking wine if you haven't already!!!
Gave it to the rents thanks I appreciate it:)
I'm sorry you're having a hard time but you didn't drink so I hope you don't understate the importance of that in your internal dialog.  As an aside I always really enjoy your writing.  I thought your recent merciless torrent of verbiage about why you can't stand going to bars was brilliant.  And this piece reads like song lyrics.  Thanks for sharing your talent!  
I'm so glad this resonated with you
You felt lonely!  No wonder you wanted to drink... but you didn't!  Now that is a NDV!
