-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ksu51/i_want_to_get_this_off_my_chest/

(There's mention of rape and domestic violence ahead) I've talked to my therapist about this. I've talked to my partner about this. I've tried to talk to my Mum about this but she shut me down before I could get it out. My 2 closest friends know about this... I drink because someone took a look at me and decided to hurt me. A man who was stronger and more manipulative than I could ever fathom spent 6 months hurting me and then convincing me it was my fault. The way I chose to escape was not my fault. The drinking that I have done is not my fault. It was my choice but not my fault. The crime that he committed is not my fault. ..But this body that I live in this addiction that I live with is mine. I choose who touches me. I choose to not drink. Some days the struggle between my mind and my body doesn't even matter. I wake up feeling his weight on me and I can't breathe. I know he's not here. On my great good amazing days in my mind I kick his ass and leave him bleeding. On my bad days I've crawled under the bed and prayed for God to take me before he finds me again. ..If you've read this far thank you. And if you identify with my story I wish you strength and happiness. You are not alone. You deserve to be free from the monster in your mind. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your openness. Please keep letting us know how you're doing. I've seen a depressingly larger number of similar experiences here than I would have imagined. 
You are in control now. Own that and you will stay safe. 
Sorry to hear about your sad and painful experiences...Your post is inspiring and reminds me to make my choices today not based on yesterday...Congratulations on your journey!
Thank you. The link between my assault and my drinking is strong and I'm glad to know I'm not alone here. I'm inspired by what you said - I do get to choose who touches me as much as I get to choose what I put in my body. You kick ass! 
You are a strong person and you will survive this and thrive. Let no one shut you down or shame you. You deserve to get better and to enjoy coping skills that won't cause you further harm. Welcome and don't ever fear talking to safe people who have your back!
