-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kthuu/lessons_learned_from_a_hangover/

Today I am suffering from a brutal hangover. Friday I was up all night drinking. Felt pretty tired and horrible all day so I got on the booze again and was up all night blind drunk. This morning the sun was blazing through my window. Everything felt like it was at full volume. Literally felt like a sick person. I can hardly walk because my gout is flaring up (which makes me feel like henry viii or something). Worst of all my anxiety is starting to border on psychosis. ..All I do is worry. I have severe anxiety that eats away at my wellbeing. I'm jumpy. I cant sleep properly and spend most of the day with the curtains shut enduring the hangover. ..It's suddenly dawned on me that this has to stop. I'm drinking to numb the anxiety that I'm fueling in the process. ..It's not that I necessarily need to stop completely if i go out drinking im far more sensible. I drink socially rather than habitually but I can't continue binge drinking alone four nights a week. And of course getting drunk doesn't just write off one day. The next day I will be a useless burned out waster carrying my mood around with me all day...I need to be ruthless and drag myself out of this rut because if I continue this alcoholic lifestyle I will lose my sanity or even my life. ..Thanks for all the contributions to this wonderful group. Reading this stuff always helps to put things into perspective. It reminds me that I'm not the only one struggling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow you have reminded me exactly what I felt like a few weeks ago in full-blown drinking mode! The drink makes the anxiety dark thoughts and low energy so much worse and wrecks one's ability to get a good night's sleep :&gt;)&gt;..Did you know alcohol also depletes the body and brain of all sorts of *essential* vitamins fats amino acids and gut bacteria? I didn't until recently.... These things are all vital for good physical and mental health and a lack of them causes all sorts of brain fog anxiety poor digestion and all sorts of problems.... I was probably a bit malnourished without even realising there was a problem since I was only eating one meal a day and then drinking the rest!..It's great that you have realised that this cycle isn't doing you any good and it's time to take a break and re-assess your relationship with alcohol and this sub can be a real help in achieving that.....Hope your hangover abates swiftly! Take care :&gt;)&gt;..Woody
I found my anxiety and depression improved greatly with booze out of the picture. What I thought was the cure for the disease had become worse than the disease!
Many of us have learned that decisions to swear off forever didn't work. A commitment to not drink one day at a time is more manageable. I won't drink with you today. What's next?
My therapist likes to say that battling anxiety is like battling a house fire with gasoline.  Not like the anxiety just evaporated when I quit drinking but it abated considerably.  I was able to find the space to deal with it and the shame of having been a drunk for so long.  Help helps.  Better is better.
Alcohol causes anxiety and depression.  I found that the biggest cure for anxiety is to face the music.  Afraid to make a call?  Look at a bill?  Make that Dr. Apt?  Do your taxes? etc.....and as soon as the task is started and getting done like magic anxiety is gone!  It is the fear of worst case scenario drives anxiety.  Actually facing the music is a relief.  I won't drink with you today.
