-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kxfps/really_struggling_on_days_9_10/

These cravings are driving me up the wall. I honestly want to crawl out of my own skin for a while at least until they pass. .I cannot stop thinking about alcohol. It's ridiculous! I keep trying to tell myself that I can moderate when I KNOW I can't and even if I could what's the point of consuming moderate amounts of poison? I know alcohol is just marketed to us strategically but I still can't shake the idea that drinking wine with my girlfriends would be so glamorous right now. My little addicted brain is coming up with some straight up nonsensical shit right now. .Ugh. I want this part to just be over. .I didn't (and won't) drink today!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you!! One day at a time :) .Stay strong I WONT drink with you today !
Good for you.  I recall the early days of being alone and pacing the floors wishing for the urge to quickly pass.  I'd eventually learn to find a distraction and that would save me.    
What has help me immensely to deal with cravings is to not identify as my thoughts. What I mean by this is I don't see my thoughts as "me" or "little me." They just are and instead of participating I just watch or shine the light of consciousness on them so to speak. I tell myself "there is desire in me right now and I accept this" and usually the craving will subside pretty quickly. Darkness can not tolerate light. Rather than trying to escape it or distract myself from it I allow myself to experience the craving in it's fullest. This has helped me to not go crazy when the cravings are intense and at this point in time they are pretty much gone I really don't want to drink and my brain has gotten over trying to convince me otherwise. I understand this is an extremely difficult proposition early on but with time and practice it becomes easy to just accept what's happening in your mind. And once your mind recognizes you know longer obey all of it's commands it becomes your loyal servant rather than your master. Meditating also helped more than I could describe to get me to this point. Good luck on your journey!! 
Sorry to hear this.  Each time I get thru the cravings it strengthens my resolve. Hang in there and keep posting when it gets tough ..I won't be drinking with you tonight!
I hear you. It's like a dark subterranean mass exerting its gravitational pull on my subconscious mind. Thoughts rising from darkness occur to me as my own. It just makes sense. All of my reasons the hell and harm fade away. ..I just spent a few moments counting my usual drinks. One 200ml bottle of vodka 6 beers one bottle of wine. 15 drinks. That's what one drink will lead to. It always has. It always will. ..Then I imagined the DUI or vehicular manslaughter charge finally catching up with me. Being placed at the bottom of the organ donor waitlist. Maiming myself in a horrific accident. Losing control of my body because of permanent nerve damage. The weight gain and ruined complexion. Losing my wife. Losing my job. Losing the last 20 or 40 years of my life. The very real pain I've been living in daily for the past 20-30 years. Ritualistically curing my hangover. Nursing myself back to functionality while thinking all day of what I will drink that night. ..Every day starting my morning with shame and fear faintly whispering I will never drink again. Every night slipping back under...I will not drink with you tonight. Stay strong!
