-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6kxjts/sos/

I am now ten months sober have a girlfriend who also was ten months sober. I was meeting her today at an event away from home she had been working there for the past couple of days. So I took the 6 hour train ride and when I got here 8-9 hours ago I could tell something was off... She wouldn't respond to my messages/phone calls etc... Long story short she finally texted me she relapsed (on alcohol and crack)... And that was the last I heard from her. Now her coworkers called the police and declared her missing and I am alone scared as fuck and I have no idea what to do. I wish I knew people in this city but I don't. I'm really not doing good right now I just need someone to talk. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am sending prayers your way. That is a terrible thing to go through I can't imagine being in that situation. Please be strong and stay sober you will thank yourself tomorrow if you do. I will not drink with you!
Hiya! Hang on in there buddy. You have 289 days under your belt and you are not alone. I'm not drinking today and I pray that you won't either. We've got this ok:-)
[removed]
I'm sorry to hear you're having a rough time right now that sounds tough to deal with. ..If you want to hang out with us in the SD chat here is a link: https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/..
Thanks guys! I will not drink I really don't want to and don't feel the need to. I am just really scared and I'm completely overwhelmed by all of this. I'll keep praying and hoping she comes back to the hotel room. Tomorrow I'll go for a noon AA meeting I really need the support right now.  Thanks for giving me support and prayers I really need this. 
That must be very hard. I admire how strong you are being. Will pray for her safety and her return to sobriety. 
Hey lots of love &amp; a *hug*..If you're in the Vancouver BC area I'll meet up with you for a coffee 
shitty but you can do this &lt;3
No words of wisdom here - just sending cyber hugs your way.  Please stay strong - she will need you!  And please update us.  Holding you all in my thoughts!
