-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l2mim/my_best_friend_is_enabling_me/

So I'm sure I'm not alone about having problems hanging out with friends or people overall after quitting drinking. I have no issue at all staying away from it on my own but when people are drinking around me it just gets to much. My best friend of more than 5 years is one of those people. Last 3 times I relapsed was because I was hanging out with him. I miss our friendship so much and it breaks me to stay away from him. What should I tell him? I've tried telling him I don't want to drink but then when we decide to hang out he always brings some kinda alcohol and bang I'm there chugging em down. Any help is appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

It's so hard everytime i see my friend we drink. And tonight is my day one. She was sending me videos of her with glass off wine in hand inviting me round. I managed to decline for the first time in 6years and feel brilliant now X
Are you doing anything more than just "staying away"? For me drinking is a symptom of a deeper issue and when I stopped drinking I was able to address that issue. Have you done anything to address your issues?
I think you need to tell them the truth. I am heavily influenced by my friends' drinking. I cannot be around them drinking if I want to remain sober.
That's tough. Friendship changes over time.  Maybe time for a frank talk about your health and sobriety. I view my sobriety as a healthcare decision. I don't care what anybody thinks. If they can't handle it then I cannot appease them. Imagine having a broken arm and a friend saying you should get it re-set. This is the same thing. You need to heal. You are trying to heal. They need to accept that.
[removed]
How honest were you with him? Can you take some time to really explain to him that it's important to you?
I have a friend like that and I have started inviting her to join me for daytime activities that are not compatible with drinking such as hiking morning walks with the dogs bible study etc. Sometimes she joins me for these activities however she is always eager to plan a get together revolved around drinking. I simply decline these invites. 
Real friends supported my decision to stop drinking. I discovered that those who gave me a hard time often had their own problems with alcohol. I stayed away from anyone who abused alcohol and didn't go to bars. Bottom line staying sober is my responsibility.
If those last 3 times you said to him you wanted to stay sober and pushed the issue and he pushed right back then there's little you can do to convince him. Straight up tell him to fuck off if he won't listen to you. Far better to be sober and lose a friend than to be drunk call a bad influence a friend and ruin your health.
With my boozy friends I really needed to plan activities that don't involve alcohol and tell them very directly "I am not drinking". In some cases that means they no longer want to hang out but sometimes I'm pleasantly surprised. I'm working on making more friends who are not as booze-centric and not taking it personally.  A few of my friends have their own issues with alcohol so their behavior is more a reflection of their own stuff than a reflection of anything else. Good luck! 
I have similar situation with friend of 15 years. Have repeatedly told him I'm not drinking or *I'll meet for dinner but no drinks* only for him to continue to push it. ..I have had a growing realisation over recent months and weeks that he may have a worse problem than I do. One main difference is I am acutely aware that I have a problem. He won't hear any of it. ..Seen him once in the past 4 weeks (for business-related meeting) after he was a no-show at my birthday lunch. I assumed he must've had a big night when he called me at 2.45pm asking what I was doing. Reminded him that the day before we had agreed to meet for lunch at x place at 12pm sharp for birthday pizza and pasta. It took him a few lame message attempts and a couple of unanswered calls (I was trying on clothes at the time) for it to sink in that he'd fucked right up...I'd like to believe that you and I /u/inkoverflow can be quietly effective and lead by actions. No more words to explain.. no need to justify.. just do what is best for the course ***we want*** to lay ahead...All the best to you and yours!
I understand it makes it more difficult but the sooner you accept that it is your hand raising the glass and drinking and not your friend's hand the sooner you'll be able to get on with the friendship without alcohol.
