-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l2trb/i_have_a_problem/

In the past 6 months there have been at least 4 occasions where I've gotten so drunk that I've wet the bed. Sure I've had a weak bladder all my life but I know I have a problem. I've known this for awhile...This is now the second boy that I've liked whose bed I've done this to in 2017. I tried to handle it in the best way that I can insisting on paying to replace everything etc. and they were both extremely kind about it. But that doesn't make me hate myself any less. No wonder I am single. I wouldn't even want to date myself...I feel like maybe this keeps repeating because the universe is trying to teach me something? And it will keep repeating until I learn my lesson...After the first time it happened this year I tried to stop but my friends weren't supportive. I'm struggling on how to go about this again. The temptation to numb the embarrassment and shame by drinking again looms. I need help.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe just take some time to yourself. If your friends are not supporting you not drinking then they're not really your friends. Your environment is very very important. Before I could even consider stopping I had to change schools and move away because all my friends did was drink and I just couldn't be a part of that anymore. I still talk to them occasionally but I don't partake in any of there activities. I'm looking forward to starting to school in the fall and meeting new sober people! I'd say to just take time to yourself. Start reading books watch movies occupy yourself and when you have a week or two under your belt you will naturally feel bettter! The people on here are amazing and there is a chat that's open all the time that you can go on if you're feeling lonely or want a drink. You're not alone but this suffering will continue until you make it stop. You got this! I believe in you!! Here's to a sober July !
Getting sober is a daunting task that I couldn't tackle without help. The good news is that help is available. I started by getting an counselor who specialized in addiction. She was instrumental in nudging me onto the road to recovery. At AA where the only requirement is a desire to stop drinking I met some wonderful people. Being in a room with them was comforting. ..I don't know that the universe is trying to teach you. Learning about alcoholism helped me understand and accept mine. Reading *Under the Influence* by Ketcham and Milam opened my eyes. ..True friends supported my decision. Others I think were threatened because if I had a problem then maybe they did too. I stopped hanging with anyone who abused alcohol and didn't go to bars in order to protect my sobriety. 
Glad you're here!  You can do it!..When I decided to stop I knew I just needed some structure and support.  It wasn't a lack of willpower.  It was a lack of IRL support...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools and support and I've never been happier!
Found sober people did what they did and things got a little better got some time under my belt and things got a lot better. Now I'm incredibly happy in my sobriety I've re-engage family friends hobbies my work... and the gifts continue. Glad you are here  
I wasn't able to get sober without help. And getting help was a constant struggle. I really didn't want to have to get help. I wanted to be able to stop all by myself and on my own terms. ..Turns out I had to go to detox and then treatment. I need take psych meds and see a therapist. I need to attend a support group. ..Those are all a bunch of things I would rather not have in my life but the truth is that I need all of those things in my life. I'm slowly learning that it is only because of all the help I have received that I've been able to stay sober for 194 days. And the most amazing part is that it doesn't suck! I actually feel better. I'm actually able to live life. ..What are you willing to do to get help?
