-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l3ylu/my_reason_for_not_drinking/

Hey all..I've been lurking here for a few months and decided I'd make my first post. My reason for not drinking was to help me lose weight as it's something I've always struggled with...Not drinking for me has been super easy lots of support from my wife and when people at work tell me i'm looking thinner it makes it much easier...I was 6 weeks in and my wife and I had a joint b'day party at our new place so I decided to have a few drinks with my friends (hence the badge reset). I tried taking it very slow to begin with (Bacardi & mineral water) but it snowballed pretty fast and I don't remember much of the night passed about 8:30pm. I ended up having a fight with my Dad at about 1am and going to bed. ..I felt pretty embarrassed this was the first time in my life i've felt embarrassed the next day after drinking I don't recall what I did/said to family/friends. I asked my wife and I didn't do anything silly just had a good time - but it's me not remembering that makes me uncomfortable for the first time...Also in the few days after drinking I was very hungover and ate terribly as well as getting sick which stopped my diet and training for the whole of week 7...Anyway back to not drinking for now. One huge hint I have is DRINK ICE COLD MINERAL WATER. I can't tell you how many times I've finished some renovations on the house and when usually I'd come in and have a bunch of beers I just have a few glasses of mineral water with ice and either lime or diet ginger beer (0 calories due to dieting). it works wonders every time for me its the feeling of ice cold bubbly liquid going down my throat...Anyway happy to share a little story just in case anyone else is doing it for the same reason or needed some motivation...I'm currently doing a 12 week program and am hoping to transition it into my regular schedule. ..http://imgur.com/a/KnPaT.
----------immediate responses--------

Another Woody! (that's my *nom de plume* too!)..I came across a very apt saying on here somewhere when I joined up which was:..First You have a Drink - then the Drink has a Drink - next the Drink has You!..That's a great tip about the icy cold fizzy liquid it definitely scratches the itch doesn't it?! ..I've had so many glasses of water since I quit drinking that I feel like a water balloon... I think I might actually have to moderate the little brain loop next that makes me mindlessly swallow liquids when I'm not even particularly thirsty! Force of habit and all that.....I'll not drink with you today! :&gt;)&gt;..Best wishes ..Woody..
Hey you look like you lost a bunch of fat.  Way to go.  I'm also trying to do this.  I won't drink with you today.
This is a fan cool
That's pretty cool you are able to recognize that you have a problem before it get's out of hand. I wish I was smart enough to realize that. ..It took me until i was in the hospital almost dying from alcohol poisoning and and then in the ER detox room locked down for 4 days for my withdrawals before I finally came to senses and realized I have a serious problem and cannot drink.  ..It spirals down so fast and many of us are blinded that we are "not that bad" or "not like THAT person"...For alot of us it takes going to ROCKBOTTOM to finally admit that and I am 8 days sober now and /r/stopdrinking and the IRC chat have helped me immensely...So that fact that you can recognize that you have a problem now is amazing I hope you stay sober and clean...Good luck. 
