-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l4hgc/trying_to_stay_sober_after_they_found_my_fianc /

I had to leave when he went to treatment after we both relapsed. I moved back to my hometown and continued to work on my sobriety. He left treatment early and decided to live there for two months until the lease was up. I was taking suggestions on how to deal with him drinking and not making contact for days at a time. His parents and I decided to wait until he called and asked for help because he has always had some sort of intervention before any length of sobriety. He had been in and out of treatment for 9 years. His mother and I finally decided to call for a welfare check and they found him. I finally quit enabling him and he fucking died. I received my 2 month chip today at a noon meeting and as I was telling the group how I did it when I saw the phone light up. I ran and got the news outside with the chip in hand. Her screams were unreal I felt numb and my heart was beating out of my chest. I loved this man for 4 years he proposed after I got one year. The room was filled with people from our homegroup when he asked. He was my soulmate I know the odds of both of us staying sober were slim to none...but I always had hope that we would. We had a down payment for a house in Houston we fixed our credit cleaned up our past...that's not how I stay sober though. When we met we were sleeping on couches at our parents and grandmas. We turned it around in these four years. He was a financial analyst for an oil company and I managed a salon. Then the disease creeped back in we thought we could drink one more time like normal people. Now one of us is gone for good. I stayed sober today and I will no longer let the things sobriety gives me get in the way of my sobriety. I will make meetings talk to other alcoholics and never forget what that first day sober felt like. I am so grateful I didn't drink today. My higher power kept me comforted even though it still hurts like hell. Rest in peace my angel maybe in another life this disease wont exist...Edit: 5:54 pm July 4 2017. Still sober with support from AA and you guys going to another meeting. I will not drink today. Thank you all so much for sharing your experiences giving me hope love prayers and sending your positive thoughts. ..Edit: 11:05 July 5 2017 Thank you for your thoughts and prayers. Today is the hardest day so far. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I am so sorry for your loss. The very same thing happened to me: my fiance died when I stopped enabling him. What a heartbreak alcohol is. I am so proud of you for not drinking.
I am so sorry for your loss /u/Abbigale221. My thoughts are with you tonight. ..If you feel like talking to other sober SD members tonight we're here for you:  https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/stopdrinking/
I'm so sorry. All I can say is that you're in this guy's thoughts tonight. I can't imagine the loss you've experienced but I am someone who's here to listen if that helps you!
I'm so sorry for your loss. Your story is touching and you have a strength that I aspire to. Stay strong! ...Also I will second what /u/stratyturd said.. The chat is a great resource and we'd love to have you. 
The vulnerability you have shown is the sometimes unfortunate gift that people in recovery are granted. Thank you for sharing this tragic moment in your life. I am so sorry for the emotional turmoil you will face...When you said "I will no longer let the things sobriety has given me get in the way of my sobriety." It gave me goosebumps. That is a profound statement...Words cannot truly express..
I'm so sorry for your loss. You can get through this and are doing an amazing job reaching out right now. Going to lots of meetings each day and staying around sober people has helped me during tragic events. *big hug*
I am very sorry for your loss. I was able to discuss grief and recovery in my Refuge Recovery group. Give yourself room to grieve. You are made of impossibly strong stuff. You can navigate a path forward. I believe in you friend. I won't be drinking with you today.
Wow. This is one of the most powerful posts I've ever seen. I'm so sorry. ..You are extremely strong. It's pretty amazing...I hope you get through this the best you can.
I'm  sorry.  This serves as a reminder that this shit is fatal.  Often I think: oh I wasn't that bad maybe I over reacted my drinking behavior wasn't that far off from normal.  Ugh damn.  This sucks.  Drinking isn't going to make it easier.  I've dealt extensively with death and tragedy.  Alcohol helps numb the pain but it doesn't help us heal.  The pain just sits below the surface like a malignantly slow growing cancer waiting for the perfect time to explode and take us down.  I'm truly sorry and I know there aren't words that can adequately communicate the emotions you feel.
I am so so sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace. I commend you for staying strong and not drinking. 
My story is similar. I left him and he died 2 weeks later. That was 8 months ago. I don't remember the last time I cried my heart out begging the gods to bring him back. I'm better.  Here's to meeting again our loves with no killer addictions in tow.
That is just heartbreaking. I'm so impressed by you what an amazingly strong person. I'm so sorry this disease is brutal. 
I'm so very sorry for your loss.  We cannot see the future that's why living each day is something I want to be fully present for.  Even the intense pain of loss.  Numbing it does nothing but give a temporary sense of relief.  Then when sober all the number feelings crawl up out of the dark to overwhelm me...I will say a prayer for you and your loved ones tonight..
That's so terrible.  I'm very sorry.  Stay strong.  I will not drink with you today.
Sorry for your loss. Every time we say no we help the greater consciousness in resisting as well and we can help eachother prevent other tragedies. .Stay strong!
I'm so sorry what a tragedy. Words aren't really enough but I'm sending you love and hope. 
Very sorry to hear about your loss.  I feel so sad for you right now...My first boyfriend died of an overdose 3 months after we broke up (This was 15 years ago).  I basically made an ultimatum with him - It was either the drugs or me...and he chose the drugs.  I carried a lot of guilt and pain for years thinking I could have done more to save him but sometimes it's just out of our own hands...I wish you the best wishes tonight and hope you can get some sleep.  Keep chatting here should you need support.
That's tragic I'm so sorry for what you're going through.  Glad to hear you chose not to drink today.  You're in my thoughts.
Thinking of you and trying to comprehend your pain and the challenge you are facing.  Big love to you  your share here has given me and others strength today and I am very grateful for it.
I'm so incredibly sorry for you loss. You are inspiringly strong for not drinking today. 
I don't have the words.. I'm so sorry for your loss. It's a sobering reminder to the rest of us what one drink can do. I won't drink with you today.. we are all here for you
Sorry for your loss I have had to deal with similar events. Mine involved fentanyl. 
I have no words. I'm so fucking sorry. Jesus. Please take care. Of you.
I am so sorry for your loss Abbigale. I can't even imagine the pain you are feeling and I am humbled by the strength and resolve you've shown by staying sober and recommitting to sobriety. Thank you for sharing with us and I hope that you find all the support you need to make it through this difficult time from our community and from your friends and family.
So so sorry for your loss. You are being incredibly brave. Virtual hugs to you. We are all here for you any time.
My heart is broken for you. I'm so sorry x
Peace. Love. Hope.
[removed]
There are no words of advice I can offer and little I can do other than extend my sincere condolences. 
I'm so sorry for your loss!..I will not be drinking with you today! 
My condolences. I am so sorry.
Fark. That's..tough..Keep strong my friend...You can do it.
Praying that your higher power continues to comfort you give you strength and walk closely with you in your time of grief.
I'm so sorry for your loss.Thank you so much for sharing this. Your courage is incredible. I'm going to save this post for moments that I'll need it which I'm sure I will. There's the chat if you need it and you can post also. I'm here for you we're all here for you &lt;3 
I am so so sorry.  I can't even imagine what you're going through but I'm inspired by your decision for sobriety today.
My heart is with you&lt;3
I am so sorry for your loss...As for your sobriety I think you've got it.  Simple but not easy.  :)..And I haven't heard this before:..&gt; I will no longer let the things sobriety gives me get in the way of my sobriety...Guess I'm still learning new things after 22 years.  Thank you!..
I'm so sorry for your loss.  You are incredibly strong. 
Jesus I'm so sorry.  I cut contact with the love of my life because of her drinking/cocaine use this is my worst nightmare I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry your fiancee lost his battle with addiction/u/Abbigale221. This disease or whatever we call it is absolutely a life and death struggle. I'm so glad you have a strong support group around you to help you in your own journey in sobriety. Take care.
I feel for you and your loss. I love you and I believe you will get through this and be strong. &lt;3
So sorry for your loss. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm so so very sorry for you and his family. May he rest in peace.
Sending thoughts to you and your loved ones. I'm so sorry. I won't drink with you today. 
My deepest sympathies. This disease keeps taking. Sorry for your heavy loss. I will not drink with you today. 
I too lost my spouse to addiction. If you need to talk I'm all ears. I won't drink with you today friend.
I'm so very sorry for your loss. I think you are pretty amazing for having the strength to say no especially today! You are truly amazing!
There aren't adequate words...I'm just so very sorry. Not drinking with you. (((Hug)))
I'm really sorry for your loss. I've been thinking about the fatal nature of this disease a lot recently. I lost a family member about a month ago who struggled his entire life with alcohol. ..The thing I remember is that I can always go back out and drink again but I don't know if I'll be able to come back. ..Not drinking with you today. 
I am so incredibly sorry for your loss- just heartbreaking. I am sending you love and light today. I promise not to drink with you today   
I am so unbelievably sorry for your loss. I lost my platonic soulmate under similar circumstances a few weeks ago - it the spiral I went down almost killed me (literally.) If I were in your shoes I believe I would keep repeating to myself that if you drink it will be you they find on the floor next time and you don't want anyone to receive the call that you did today...I stand with you and will not drink with you today.
Praying for you - so so sorry 
I'm sorry Abbigale.  Take care of yourself my dear.
Heartbreaking. I am so sorry.
This was heartbreaking to read. I won't be drinking today for you and for him. ..
Stay strong.
I'm so sorry. What a heartbreak. I lost a very close friend/soulmate to an overdose. Too soon and such a tragic waste. Hang in there sis- I'll light a candle for you and your love.
I am so terribly sorry for your loss. None of us know what might have happened had we made different choices in the past. The only thing we can do is to try to keep living the best we can given our circumstances and information. I'm grateful for your courage and honesty in sharing this with us and please know that I'm pulling for you to beat this awful fucking disease. Sending love and healing your way and I won't be drinking with you today. 
Thinking of you today. Thanks for your strength. 
So sorry for your loss
I am sorry that I have no words to even begin to help you in what you are going through.  I just wanted to let you know that others are praying for you.
 Well this made me burst out crying. I can't find a meeting today so I came here. I feel your pain and your loss. Please reach out if you need. I am in Austin.
Damn. My heart goes out to you stranger. I will not drink today either with you. Please know you are loved even by strangers. :)
You are so strong. Thank you for being an inspiration. I read this out loud to my fianc e and burst into tears. He thought it was somebody I know. In a way we all know this person. We've all been through it in some form or another. We all could be either f your positions at some point. You will survive. I'm so proud of you. I'm crying because I don't think I could ever be that strong and you really give me a strength to hold on to an example of strength to know it's a real achievable thing.. Thank you. I'm so sorry for your loss. I will not drink with you today in your honor. 
The strength in you and the fight in you I can feel it keep going it is worth it as you have seen be good to yourself today and after.  
I am so sorry   big internet hugs to you. 
Stay strong sorry for your loss.
I am so sorry for your loss I will not drink with you today 
I am sorry for your loss. Not drinking with you todsy. 
I am so sorry this happened to you. The fact that you were able to not drink despite this tragedy is amazing. Sounds like staying sober is the best way you could honor him. Best of luck to you - this community is here if you need to talk.
I'm so so sorry. I don't even know what to say. Wishing you peace. 
I am sorry for your loss. It is very inspiring that you are staying strong through this difficult time. 
I'm so sorry for your loss you must be shocked and devastated. You done so well though to reach this point. Please don't then one tragedy into two by losing all you achieved and drinking because of this. 
Best wishes. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Please stay strong and this disease will not get the better of you or anyone here. I will not drink with you today!
I'm so sorry for your loss. My heart goes out to you friend &lt;3
I am so sorry. I will not drink with you today. Your sobriety is so important and I'm so happy that you are putting that first. 
Big Hugs.  I am sorry for your loss.  It's not your fault.  You were both at the edge if you didn't step back you could be gone too.  It happens that fast.  Another big hug.
Truly sorry for your heartbreak. Sending you all my best thoughts and wishes. I'm with you not drinking today.
Off the wagon the past four months after almost 7 years of sobriety. Been averaging about 18-24 beers a day in this time. Starting to feel the effects and trying hard to stop but scared shitless of withdrawal and keep trying to taper off. Heart hurts liver hurts mind is a mess. Your posts have given me fresh perspective. Thank you. 
