-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l71gc/advice_on_getting_back_on_track_after_almost/

Hi all. Since Sunday I have been struggling with that voice telling me I'm going to fail and drink. Last night it was at its worst and I was actually making plans to drink today on the fourth of July. I woke up today feeling a little better but I'm still nervous. I wasn't really struggling with my decision to quit the first 60 days and then it hit me hard. In the past this had been a sure sign im going to drink. ..Had anyone gotten to the edge like this and then turned it around? I want to get back to that initial enthusiasm but I'm not sure how. 
----------immediate responses--------

First huge congrats on 65 days MPR! You're doing great :)...Yes I have felt the same way that you're feeling now. I felt like I hit a wall. But I took a deep breath allowed myself to really 'feel' what is happening to our minds and bodies when alcohol is removed from the equation then came here went to a meeting and kept myself as busy as humanly possible :). When I hear someone say "this too shall pass"? I smile from ear to ear because it's the truth; this will pass and you'll be fine dear. That edge is just a reminder that you don't want to turn back. Ever ;)...Come hang out here on SD today pop into the chat keep busy. We've got ya. &lt;3
Hang in there. Actually we have a bunch of folks coming over later to grill and some will be drinking. I've actually committed to being DD for a few folks so any "plans" i had to drink .. well now I can't. Some folks will be relying on me. ..Anyway keep busy today. Today is really no different than yesterday and yesterday you were sober. Just another day. Go with it...Anyhow happy 4th! Have a great day today! Have fun! I will not drink with you!..P.S. think about how you'll feel later or tomorrow if you do drink... play the tape forward!
Yes I've played the tape forward and it ain't pretty. Thanks for reminding me that today is just like any other day. No reason to put a holiday on a pedestal. Enjoy your 4th as well!
You can do it. You can turn it around and if you do the next time you reach an edge you'll be even stronger and more prepared. I wish I'd turned it around last time I faced an edge. I could have I see that now. I hope.you will keep going past that point where I let up as I wish I had (and will next time).  Take care and reach out as much as you need!   
I had that yesterday.  Recognise the voice call it out on its shit.  Helps for me to speak it out loud... 'ah it's trying to tell me that if I drink a whole litre of vodka in one go then I will feel so bad that I never have to drink again'  and distract yourself.  It will pass.  It took about 2 hours yesterday then I was bloody glad I didnt drink.  I got some food and went for a walk instead...Also keep yourself away from it if its going to take you an hour to realistically get hold of a drink then gives you a better chance than if you just have to walk to the fridge
Hey there I've been in a similar situation where I told myself I was going to drink. At first I was kind of excited about it like I was giving myself a free pass for the day. But the more I thought about it the idea made me kind of sad. I know for me it's never been about one day in the past so how would that time be any different? Not drinking after I had made the decision to drink was hard but getting through it felt like a huge success. Great job posting about it and congrats on 65 days! You can do it! 
Is it possible you are a little bored? As sober days mount up you actually get smarter so if you keep doing the same things you don't get as estimulated... Perhaps it might be time to take up a slightly challenging hobby!
Smart move posting out here. Come back tomorrow and let's know how you're feeling!
