-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6l9q2x/here_comes_the_weight/

Hi there... So I've been sober for 23 days. I'm not gonna act like this is something new I've been here before many times and I still feel like having a drink every single day it is a day a time struggle... It is though the longest I've been without a drink for a year so I'll be positive and try to stay focused on not drinking..Anyway! about this point is when the craves for food settle in literally like your body is commanding you to do something to replace the alcohol you're not drinking... I already gain about 5 Kilos... I'm eating stuff I never eat (ice cream chocolate loads of bread)... Gotta hate being an addict.
----------immediate responses--------

Man the munchies and cravings come around day 5-7 for me...but I'm right with you. I'm eating ice cream chocolates M&amp;Ms bread and just about anything I would never eat. Trying to fight the weight gain by putting in extra cardio at the gym. We'll see how well I do when I weight myself tomorrow.
I have been packing my gym bag and hitting the gym after work instead of the liquor store. I gave myself today to indulge since I'm not drinking on the holiday but am refocusing tomorrow. Maybe try one healthy habit at a time to refocus on getting back on track with your diet? Sometimes that helps ! 
at least what you're eating is healthier than alcohol. alcohol has all the calories of real food minus any nutritional value. don't worry so much about the weight gain for now and concentrate on your sobriety even if it means eating a liter of ice cream like I do. in the meantime try to make healthy food choices when you're hungry. don't ignore your body's new appetite 
I start controlling everything... right now I went vegan.  You'll get a handle on things.  Hang tough.
I ate all the sugary foods for the first two months just to get through it. I gained about 15 pounds maybe? Eventually I didn't need that crutch anymore and I'm now losing weight. 24 pounds down now!..Hang in there and you DESERVE the ice cream right now so enjoy.
I honestly kind of enjoy that part. I've always gained weight really easily so when I was drinking I would skip meals and never indulged much in food because I was saving all my calories for alcohol. When I quit I just let myself eat whatever I wanted (including a giant sugary snow cone every night before bed) without worrying about weight gain and it was kind of fun. Now cooking has become one of my hobbies so I try to stick with preparing healthier meals but I still have the pizza or nachos or ice cream or whatever if I want it. It's still better than booze and not near as addicting for me personally.
Congrats on 24 days.  I typically don't eat sweets and I actually bot and ate a quart of ice cream.  I'm steering clear now.  I had dropped 6 pounds but gained 2 back after that ice cream.  I won't drink with you today.  If it means a few pounds for a short while it is worth it.
