-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lf7wf/new_here_11_days_sober/

Introducing myself: I am 43 a mom and wife and have struggled with alcohol for the past 8 years or so. The one glass of wine I'd have after work turned into 2 or 3 etc. My husband started to express his concern about 3 years ago he wanted me to cut down or moderate better or whatever. I would quit for a few weeks at a time just to show I could and we'd both go back to thinking I didn't have a "problem" I just sometimes overdid it. He can mostly take or leave alcohol himself but is also kind of a connoisseur of unusual or high-end liquors. He would say he didn't want to have a dry house. So then I would just keep trying and failing and disappointing him and disappointing myself and wasting sooo much time being out of it...I tried naltrexone a couple years ago after watching One Little Pill. My HCP was dubious but agreed to prescribe it. Unfortunately it was not a silver bullet for me. I did drink a little less for a while but got really depressed and eventually stopped taking it...A few months ago I told my husband I wanted to really take a break from drinking and have a dry house. He was at that point ready to support me whatever it would take. He gave away everything in the liquor cabinet. It went fine for a few weeks but then I had a work trip and these trips always feature a lot of drinking. The company pays for everything and there's a lot of FOMO that makes it hard to just skip the post-dinner get-togethers. I was "good" in that I only had 1-2 drinks at a time and not every night. Kinda fooled myself (again) that "oh I can moderate this." Well I can't. I have tried all the HARM techniques but I'm finally admitting to myself that once I have the first drink odds are high I will go on to overdo it...I have been terrified to acknowledge the fact that I need to completely abstain not just "take a break." I am finally there. I have been lurking and reading a lot of threads on here and there is a lot of good advice. Every time I have taken a break before I have really missed my friend Wine and have just been marking time until we could hang out again. I've come around to seeing that Wine is a shitty friend and we need to break up for good. I also watched the documentary Lipstick and Liquor a few nights ago and that was pretty motivating too (and heartbreaking). ..Next steps. I started a fitness bootcamp program a couple months ago and it helps a lot. I really enjoy the challenge of it and I get so much more benefit when I'm well-rested and well-hydrated. I also have an appointment in a few days at an alcohol abuse program in my town. I don't know what to expect but I know they have outpatient programs...I am really glad to have found this site. My husband is supportive but doesn't know what to say. I have told a couple very close friends and they are encouraging but they're not going through it themselves.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi stracket and thank you for this.  Your story really hit home.  I am glad you are here.  I will not drink with you today. 
I have been taking baclofen and it has made a massive difference for me. I'm not sure if your doc would prescribe it but my psych likes it better for alcohol than naltrexone because it has fewer side effects. You do have to be careful coming off of it though. You can't come off of a high dose cold turkey. ..Welcome to the group!  I was a wine (and vodka) drinker as well. You're in the right place!
[removed]
Glad you are here! 
Welcome.  I am so happy to be on the sober train.  It feels good.  Did you read This Naked Mind yet?  It is available in sidebar a link to free download.  It really opened my eyes to how we have been brainwashed to buy and drink alcohol all the time.  I drank wine at the end and I've really noticed how in the last 15 years the marketing for women to drink wine has been incredible.  Mommy wine parties even.  I won't drink with you today.
