-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lgao6/in_need_of_help_advice/

I'll try and keep this as short as possible...My first job out of school lasted 11 years. Towards the end of that job I was being bullied by senior management broke up with my gf and inadvertently broke up relations with my Dad (who was never around) after drunk texting...I was out of work for 6 months and spent my job seekers on booze...I then got a job in the emergency services in the UK it was a pretty stressful role. I took 999 calls. I drank a lot after finishing 3/4 day/night shifts to forget what i heard/experienced..I then got a job in advertising. My first role and quite a senior one. I struggled as I was learning as I went and I drank a lot to compensate with feelings of inadequacy / being unqualified..Fast forward and I'm in a similar industry in a more senior role and I'm struggling to do my job and drinking to take the edge off - lunchtimes / after work etc..Drinking has destroyed a lot of the most important relationships in my life. I've said something innaproporiate  to someone etc ..I feel like deep down I'm a good person but my need to continually drink is making me look the complete opposite...I drink 7 days a week and one day off was a small victory earlier this week but I went straight back to drinking ..I'm not sure what I'm after by posting on here really advice maybe? Examples of how people have stopped? Support?..I'm not sure. All I know is this won't / can't go on for much longer 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed *In Real Life* support from AA because nothing else I was doing was working.
Is anyone here from the UK who can give talk about their experience with AA here?..I feel like that's what I need but am also anxious about going to my GP and having the conversation required to get a referral / help / advice
When I was drinking like you are I too was concerned. My first step was to get a therapist. With her help I was honest with a doctor about how much I was drinking and received medication to make withdrawal safe. I was fortunate to go to rehab which was one of my best decisions. Then came outpatient treatment and AA. Staying sober without help was impossible but with it I learned how to build the sober happy life I have today. ..I hope you get the help you need and deserve. 
In person face to face recovery. AA a sponsor 12 simple steps = New Sober Life. The internet is not the answer.
I went to Smart Recovery meetings online.  Some are U.K. and Down Under meetings too.  That is based on cognitive behavioral therapy.  The workbook with the concepts is on their site or on Amazon too.  I won't drink with you today.  I found keeping track of the money I saved helped.  I also have been doing a lot of posting here.  I read all of the stories in the sidebar under Saturday Shares and Sunday Solution.  I found out everyone is in the same boat just at different places down the river.  So many success stories.  I won't drink with you today.
Read THIS NAKED MIND by Annie Grace. It may help 
