-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ljwdb/day_one_i_can_do_this/

I'm very motivated to quit drinking I can feel my body telling me it is time to stop (and have felt it doing so for a while now) . In 3 hours I will have made it my first 24 hours without alcohol in over 10 years! I was always able to go to work sober but the second I got home I was hitting the bottle until I fell asleep. I am going to be taking melatonin to help me sleep as I have heard it is the safest sleep aid out there. I know it is not going to be easy so I thought it would be nice to vent here & hopefully find some support. ..I told my immediate family I was doing this and they are all with me on it. I am ashamed to make the announcement to anyone else I know personally most people do not know I struggle with a drinking problem. My own family was shocked when I told them though thankfully they are supportive and understanding. I am not sure how to deal with social life or if I will be able to be social at least for a while. Any suggestions? I am so excited to get past this and see the difference it will make physically and mentally! 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to SD. I'm not drinking with you today:-)
Welcome and congrats on Day 1! When I first came here to SD I immersed myself in posting/replying/reading/joining the chat. I found this link extremely helpful: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index. Feel free to request a badge to count your days sober pledge to not drink on a daily basis and check out the book recommendations. You may also want to view the Saturday Shares (sidebar on the right)...I'm glad you've joined our family and I look forward to hearing more from you! Have a fantastic day :).
Congratulations on day one. How do you feel?
Woot! I won't be drinking with you today!
Good for you! When I first quit I wanted to hide myself away and not socialize. My advice would be to make an effort to be social but give yourself an out.
I would just focus on today right now.  You are doing great.  I see you posted 15 hours ago so by now you have 1 day done.  I won't drink with you today.
