-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ll1ag/day_4_still_extremely_low_and_ashamed/

My last relapse was not accidental. I had decided at the beginning of my sobriety that I would drink on that particular occasion/trip even though I was well aware I'd fuck up. And I sure as hell did. So I am really disappointed in myself and deeply ashamed for my behaviour. I felt so good when I was sober and now I'm a mess. A complete failure. I've gone to one AA meeting and plan to continue but I can't imagine forgiving myself anytime soon. 
----------immediate responses--------

I believe you can do one of two things - hang on to the shame and guilt or let it go. I prefer to always learn from it then let it go as fast I can. The best way for me to do this is to talk positively to myself for I am so much more than a bad drunk episode. Wishing you light and love on your sober journey.
I have found that the bulk of my shame and anxiety is usually manageable by day 10 probably because all the alcohol is out of my system by then.   ..All you can do is make the next best decision.  Hang in there. 
Early on I really identified with "Shawty" in that Flo Rider song about jeans. But it was that depression and shame that propelled me to stay sober for the first few weeks and let me get my head around staying sober for an extended period. ..You can feel good again and you will forgive yourself in time. 
Nice work coming back. Skill isn't how perfect you are it's how well you recover from mistakes. 
Don't be so hard on yourself. I think more relapses than you'd think go down like that. And you're not failing. Failing is not picking yourself up and trying again. It sounds like you're doing the opposite of failing. 
I had about 1012 days sober and thought I could handle a couple bottles of wine in secret.  Needless to say I was wrong and fucked up a lot.  I am on day 4 now and still feeling pretty miserable too.  It will get better though we will get through it.
Don't beat yourself up over it!  Hang in there!  Just take it one day at a time! 
I've already forgiven you. Look it's alcohol it's everywhere. BUT you felt so good sober and now you're getting sober again. On your way to feeling good about yourself again. And each day you stay true to yourself you'll feel a bit better. With kindness and compassion I will not drink with you today.
I am looking forward to all of those days and weeks and months in the future where I can feel good. Right now I can't look back too much on the reasons I am making the change. It makes me too sad.
