-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lujlf/im_avoiding_foods_i_love_and_special_evenings/

This is my biggest struggle right now.  My husband and I usually share a bottle of nice wine when I grill steaks.  Sometimes it's something beautiful we brought home from our travels and it's always fun to reflect back on the memories of those trips. I want to have one of our evenings together where we start with a lovely cheese course and finish with some dark Swiss chocolate but I know I'll want to open a nice bottle wine to bring it all together -- the taste and the experience. ..How selfish of me that I let my drinking get so out of hand that we can no longer enjoy these evenings together.  I know the easy answer is *you don't have to have wine to enjoy each other* and as true as that is it doesn't help how awful I feel knowing that I ruined something special. 
----------immediate responses--------

I totally get that feeling. My regular wine drinking started when we could afford a few of the finer things in life. I'm a foodie and I enjoy cooking. When I have quit before it took a few weeks for those cravings to subside and I could fully appreciate great food with sparkling water. I do put it in a nice wine glass. That may be a trigger for some but it doesn't seem like it to me. I also enjoy an NA beer now and then. The NA wines suck but the beers taste pretty good to me. 
I really try to avoid all of my triggers at this point in my recovery.
I had to leave a fancy restaurant on Valentines Day with my husband. The wait for a table was super long and we sat at the bar forever staring at pretty bottles and fancy cocktail menus. Finally I was like this is not fun for me at all. Our old date night stuff just isn't fun anymore like going to a craft brewery. And it takes time to replace those things...But I don't really think I was selfish for "letting" my drinking get our of hand. It was in my genes it was in the nature of alcohol. It was coming for me someday. And Lord knows his liver can use the break. Drinking all the time with him wasn't doing him any favors. And we definitely have better ways to spend our money together...Good food isn't really a trigger for me anymore. But I needed a restaurant break for sure. The spouse aspect (Does he want me as a drinking buddy? Am I enabling his drinking?) is like a whole other can of worms and probably something to consider separately. My guess is that your husband wants you safe and healthy for many many years to come more than any specific dinner plans. I won't be drinking with you tonight!
There is million of other ways to enjoy dinner with SO even better than drunk! After all you both benefit of sobriety and this is for you as partners.
IDK I think all this recent "Food Pairing" stuff just gives the general population another reason to drink more.  Almost on par with "Moms Afternoon Wine Clubs" sprouting up all over.  ..I have Never needed a glass of wine to enjoy a good (or bad) steak *a lovely cheese course* or *some dark Swiss chocolate*.  Plus since I'm on *this* sub and not 'Food &amp; Wine' my taste buds would be too hammered to enjoy the food in the first place...I don't think you've ruined something special.  I think my husband (now ex) would have preferred a sober wife with his perfectly grilled steak.
It's the marketing and advertising that conditioned your mind to believe that.  Have you read This Naked Mind?  Link in sidebar to free download.  I won't drink with you today.
