-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lwnua/relapse_is_a_part_of_recovery/

I'm proud of myself. I've made it past 30 days and am going strong yet again on another attempt at staying sober. You always hear "relapse is a part of recovery" and while I know it's true now when I first started hearing it I just wanted to roll my eyes because it felt like the ultimate justification for myself to just pick up drinking again. The righteousness I held onto so dearly to "never drink again" backfired for me many many times. It's still there but it's much quieter this time around. I can observe more and judge less. I can focus on my own life instead of only on "not drinking" which has allowed me to actually live...This time around seems different. In fact I know it's different. I'm not saying that relapsing is out of the realm of possibility just that every time I fail (and fail HARD) I come back stronger with more perspective and more desire to quit drinking...Just wanted to share something since I've got the time to today. Went from not working and joining this subreddit a little over a year ago to some good sober runs getting employed and making some major positive life changes along the way even though I did slip...If you fall or slip backwards. Get back up. Trudge forward. Every time you do you'll know where you need to place your foot to make the next step. That path becomes more and more clear every time you try again...Thanks SD. :) You guys are too legit to quit. 
----------immediate responses--------

I must say however that relapse does **not** have to be part of recovery. 
This is exactly how I feel! Thank you for sharing! I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for the inspiring words!  You sound like your right were you need to be!  I'm happy to not be drinking with you today!
I am not judging.  Sounds like some people need to learn the hard way.  I wish I had a magic wand and could stop u from the pain of relapsing and beating yourself up.   Stay strong. 
Thanks for sharing.  I  agree the thing to do is avoid the slip.  If it happens the sooner I stop the better.  Toward the end of my badge resets I had 3 resets in a week.  I feel like I want it and now I've experienced that I didn't even attempt to moderate.  I won't drink with you today.
Thanks for the kind and wise words. I will likely slip at some point in the future but not today...Not drinking with you today friend. 
relapse is not part of my recovery
That's awesome you got back on the horse! Relapse is part of my story as well. I went out on my year because I figured I'd spent enough time sober that I'd be better equipped to handle it. Nope. Shit got way worse very quickly. It took a close friend dying from his own relapse to get me back into the rooms. ..Now I'm coming up on a few years sober and although I'm not proud of it my relapse helped me realize my complete and utter lack of control. It solidified the fact that if I start drinking again I have no idea when or where I will stop. Because of this and working the program to the best of my abilities I haven't had any uncontrollable cravings. Stick with it and you too can watch your life get better than your wildest dreams. 
Thanks for sharing this. I can totally identify with your thoughts here and I will not drink with you today. 
