-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lxwm5/90_days_achievement_unlocked/

WOOT! I made it! Everyday gets a little bit easier but also its still on my mind. For my 90 day reward I'm hoping to go ziplining at a wild preserve. I want to post pics when I do...Some of the things I experience since my 60 days:..-Alcohol is so romanticized in commericials its sometimes hard not to get sucked up in the fantasy. I focus on the reality of feeling sleepy being incoherent unable to do certain activities because you are impaired. ..-I still miss the idea of drinking with friends as a way to relate to people. You get so dependent on the feeling of letting go of inhibitions but you get so codependent of it you forgot how to function normally...-Speaking of hanging with people the social expectation of drinking or withholding from drinking if someone else isn't. I experienced this with a friend and to counter this was to drink NA beer. She was so guilty about drinking and me not drinking she felt like she needed to refrain. Honestly I have gotten to the point that I'm not jealous of others or rather it doesn't effect me like I thought it would. My dad left a un-opened beer out and I grabbed it and put it back in the fridge...-I remember a post about the guilt associated with drinking NA beer. For me it didn't taste anything like beer so I didn't feel bad. Not that there was anything wrong with the other persons reaction. Everybodies recovery is different. For me though it helped me loosen up with people while tricking my brain by putting something to my mouth. Oral fixation go figure...-I'm beginning to not miss beer or the idea of cheap beer to get me drunk. I'm still struggling with wine though after a hard day at work. Reddit really helps me distract myself from my urges...-Because I'm not drinking I've saved a lot of money. I had a vet emergency that took a chunk out of my wallet but I have a healthy pup so I'm grateful. The thing that I'm so happy about is that I scheduled my last payment for my car for monday and after 7 years....I OWN MY CAR!!!! YAAAAY!!!!..Again I want to thank this sub for the support and reading posts that help me keep strong. For all of you out there I will not be drinking with you tonight!!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work!
LEVEL UP!!! ..Keep it going' so much more good to come. :)
Owning a car is the shit! Good job on staying strong. 
keep up the great work!
Congrats on the 90 days and having money saved from not drinking for the vet bill and WOO-HOO on paying off your car.  WTG!  I'm not drinking with you today.
Congrats! 
Well done you super achievement. 
How are you feeling energy wise?
[removed]
Awesome!!  Keep rocking on'
Congratulations!
Nicely done. I have been thinking about what you said about commercials and our culture a lot lately. It is sad that as a culture we have become so addicted such that spending time with friends and talking openly often requires alcohol.  Like if someone is not drinking but they completely open up to another person it is a bit weird.  Our culture is very sick that way.  What is perfectly normal human behaviour seems "funny" because a person is exhibiting that behaviour without pouring a mind-altering poison that their throat.
Well done!
First of all congrats!! ..Second and don't get upset: N/A beer indeed has alcohol in it just a lot less. .." Non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics. "
#1 of course CONGRATS on your 90 (plus) days!!.#2 I'm second-hand excited that you're paying off your car -- high five!!! THAT is a good feeling right there.
No car payment- very cool. So is everything else you said. 
