-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6lztmp/sooooday_3_almost_burned_down_my_houseagain/

I've never burned my house down. I have almost burned my house down on numerous occasions. You see I like to cook. Good food. Lots of braising. Lots of reductions. Lots of sauces. High calorie very tasty fare. The problem arises when I decide to have a drink before cooking. I like so many of you glorious people on this sub can't have just a couple of drinks. It has to be complete abstinence or I will drink everything in sight until my BAC is at near-lethal levels. There is NO middle ground. I am not in control as soon as I take a sip...Passing out into an unwakable drunken "coma" does not bode well with cooking fatty oily calorific food on high heat in a skillet. I woke up at around 3 am Wednesday morning to every smoke detector in my house going berserk. My entire house was FILLED with smoke. Eye burning choking smoke. Again. ..Luckily the wild boar roast that I had been braising had already cooked off all of the oil and water. That poor roast was sitting in a cast iron skillet just smoldering. The bottom 3/4" of the meat was just pure carbon. It took hours to evacuate the smoke. Plus I was still drunk. The shitty kind of drunk. The kind of drunk that you need to crush a half a fifth to even function on a normal human level. Clean up was a nightmare. I had to shut the smoke detectors up just to maintain my composure. The skillet took almost two hours of wire brushing and scrubbing to get clean. My house still smells BAD. ..I am not going to be satisfied until I end up in a burn unit. I know I can't drink (or that I can drink better than anyone else depending on your point of view). Before I relapsed on the holiday weekend I had two months sober and feeling great. The longest I've gone is two years. I need to get sober for the rest of my life. I have been steadily fucking my life over for the past 21 years because of alcohol (my habit is old enough to drink. HA!). Self sabotage is what I have made a career out of. Then I blame everything but my terrible decisions...to ALWAYS choose the bottle. Above literally EVERYTHING. Even my own life children (children were out of town thank god) and immediate safety. If I don't end this terrible habit for good it is going to end my life sooner than later. I have had an innumerable amount of lucky second chances. I need to heed the signs and be done. ..Withdrawal is shitty. I feel awful. I haven't slept a wink since almost accidentally killing myself in a funeral pyre of my own doing. The first week is terrible. ..Wish me luck. I need my life back. ..Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

I wish you luck. I wish me luck with this. I wish all of us luck. This is so fucked up. I relapsed on Monday the 3rd after 9 months sober on here. 3+ years before that with a 7 month long relapse in between. In the 15 years (or so) that I drank I had 3 kitchen fires. Don't you love those fire extinguisher spray cans? They nip that fire shit in the bud. WAIT. Fire is bad. That's right. I'm trying AGAIN to be done with the craziness. I like your outlook in that I already know I can drink better than anyone else so whay I gotta be proving it? I hate saying i *can't* drink. I CAN drink but if I do look the fuck out! And that's the bad part. Lets get back on track together? You in?
Honestly in situations such as the one you described wouldn't it be interesting to have a nanny cam?  I wonder if we could see ourselves in these insane moments (truly see ourselves - not the spotty version of events in our heads) if that wouldn't be enough of a motivator to quit for good?  I know you know that serious burns are incredible painful - the kind of pain that goes on indefinitely.  In drinking hell you still have a choice to walk away - in chronic pain your choice is completely gone and you live with a sentence with no time off...So what's missing along your path to being alcohol-free?  For me I've finally reached out and am trying various resources.  I've been to AA (thought I would hate it and I was so different - turns out it's pretty flipping cool) SMART and i'm hitting up a Refuge Recovery next week.  In real life support is key in my moving forward.  As much as I think I want to remain a wine-swilling solo depressed philosopher on my couch (I wish I had your epic cooking skills -at least I'd be eating better).  If public stuff isn't your jam how about speaking to your dr regarding medication to help make your quit easier in the short term?  Or perhaps they can recommend a therapist...You know what you want and need to do - pull together the resources that you need and go for it. ..PS-from your post I can tell you can write - how about putting some of that energy into a cookbook for folks in recovery?  Hell I'd buy that.  You've got a good balance of gallos humor smarts seriousness and cooking skill (which is rare in the days of take out) - could be huge!  
You can do it.  You had a whole year before.  Can you member how good it felt?  I won't drink with you today.
