-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m03t1/ladiesperiods_question_and_feeling_low/

Despite my 39 days sober this is the first period I have had since quitting (I'm irregular probably perimanopausal) and I'm really struggling...Normally I would just have dosed on wine and I have found for the first time in a few weeks that I have a really bad craving to drink. I am experiencing extra-painful cramps and a grumpiness and terrible mood way beyond the usual. This of course is waking the wine monster and it is nagging me x10 today. I just want to cry...Has this been a flashpoint for anyone else and does anyone have any tips? I guess I just need that wee bit extra support today. :(.
----------immediate responses--------

My suggestion would be chocolate however stereotypical. I also like to drink red raspberry leaf tea and/or tea with Siberian ginseng. Meditation and mindful walks can help too. Remember - it will pass...TMI overshare? I am still waiting for my period to show. 120 days later. And I am not pregnant. My body is having a true wtf moment...for four months.   Ugh.
I don't know about your drinking days but for me I always felt a lot more hungover and tired when on my period. The drinking also affected me differently (more likely to black out more likely to start a fight with my OH more likely to cry etc) ..I'm using that reminder today whilst cramps are driving me crazy and my mood is low. ..The drinking didn't actually make me feel any better and tomorrow I'd still have cramps feel low but I'd also have guilt and a hangover...I will not drink with you today!
[removed]
Have you got a hot water bottle or a heat pack you can wrap in a hand towel and place on your tummy? Probably something you're already doing but it makes me feel better when I have cramps...I won't drink with you today. 
Honestly eat anything you want and don't feel bad about it. This is your first period in sobriety so give yourself a pass. A lot of Motrin helps and a hot shower. Comfy pjs and Netflix. 
I used to self-medicate the cramps with wine. Turns out ibuprofen heat and tea were probably more effective anyway :). Also good chocolate helps everything right?
The few days before my period were and sometimes still are the worst time for cravings for red wine. Looking back I would always drink a lot more that week...I too am premenopausal and have started taking antidepressants for my premenstrual symptoms my mood swings were awful and I was getting terribly depressed at certain times of the month. I was self medicating before with the wine but now I am properly medicated I feel a lot better. It took me a while to realise all thus though...I always eat what I want go to bed early and just give myself lots of self care at these low points now. It does help. I also make sure I tell my partner what is going on so he can be a bit more patient!
Now that I think of it I started having issues with some difficulties sleeping and light sweating at night due to peri-menopause.  Unfortunately I treated this with wine to help me sleep.  Wrong answer!  I fucked up.  That was the beginning of  the acceleration in my wine consumption up to every night and that moved me up from a couple/few glasses sometimes to nightly. I won't drink with you today.
Thanks for all your helpful comments and support. I managed to get through yesterday okay and didn't give in same today and it'll be past the worst.  You are all right of course as wine only ever made things worse and not better. I will not drink with you again today. :)
