-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m1jlw/aa_domestic_violence_and_dealing_with_mixed/

Hey all ..I change my userID a lot for safety but I'm a regular lurker these days and formerly a regular poster. I just requested a badge again - 2.5 years thanks in big part to SD! ..I wanted to post about something that I never heard much about when I was getting sober - being in a domestic violence relationship while going to AA. ..I began drinking at the beginning of an abusive relationship that ultimately ended up featuring a lot of rape as well as day to day control and isolation. In retrospect I was clearly drinking to deal with him but I couldn't see that at the time. I just thought I was depressed. My alcohol use got up to about a bottle of wine per day - and that was with me attempting to moderate. On occasional bad days I could do triple that. I'm a tiny lady so that essentially means I was buzzed from the moment I got home from work to when I went to bed - i.e whenever I was around my husband. ..About a year before I got sober and stayed sober I knew I had a serious problem and started going to AA. Specifically I went to AA because I believed my drinking was seriously threatening the future of our marriage and my ability to be a good mother someday. ..I'd string together 90 days try to moderate for a month rinse and repeat until finally I got a therapist and sobriety stuck. It took me six months before I briefly left him for the first time and then another eight months before I said I wanted a divorce and a little while longer after that to get out and get my own place. ..I love AA and I could not have gotten sober without that fellowship. I was a model AA member for the first six months. But I had to leave AA for a while as I made the decision to get out of my marriage because I struggled so much with a lot of the language AA features: that I was defective (already heard that a lot at home and believed it!) that my issues with my husband were some sort of "resentment" that I needed to see my part in why he was doing these things to me that I needed to get sober and improve myself and maybe things would get better that I shouldn't make any major life changes in my first year of sobriety etc. ..And even more insidiously my husband learned all the AA language and how to use it against me and to control me. Clearly if I was the alcoholic everything was my fault even if I was the meekest most obedient and most religiously devout wife possible not to mention the primary breadwinner and the one doing all the chores ..People would tell me "to take what I needed and leave the rest" but I couldn't figure out what I needed or what to take - aside from the necessity of prioritizing my sobriety above everything else in my life. I'd try to bring up what was going on at home sometimes in meetings but it was an "outside issue." In my gut I felt like I needed to get away from the mixed messages for a while in order to get out of my marriage but I felt so much shame taking a break from meetings like some sort of "dry drunk."..But I kept repeating to myself that my sobriety had to come first. And where prioritizing my sobriety led me was to the realization that if my husband "forced me to have sex" with him one more time I would relapse. And if I didn't take immediate action that was going to happen. ..I wish someone older and wiser in AA had sat me down and said: Sometimes people drink because their life is unbearable. No one should be expected to live with certain things like what your husband is doing. You're not defective or depressed your life is just hell.  You're allowed to be angry. You're allowed to be scared. No amount of prayer or inventories or service is going to make your life okay if you're married to someone who hurts you like that. The best thing you can do to protect your sobriety is change your life and change it now before you get seriously injured or wind up pregnant. ..Luckily my therapist got that and fully supported my break from AA and I had SD to fill the gaps. I'm so grateful for you guys and doing a lot better now. ..And guess what sobriety was easy after I removed the source of all that pain from my life. I still can't ever drink again though because a pickle can't turn back into a cucumber. But it isn't a big deal because there's no enormous agony my life that I need to escape from. Sometimes I still go to AA meetings but now I finally have enough perspective to actually take what I need and leave the rest.
----------immediate responses--------

AA works great for some people. That's cool. I've been to meetings and intend to go to more. That said I also have concerns with some of the language and as an already-too- self-critical woman I have resisted some of the language that is intended to break egos... I'm already very talented at beating myself up for all of my flaws and don't need help there. Thank you for shining a light on these additional unintentional effects on domestic abuse victims. I won't drink with you today. 
Thank you so much for sharing your story. You've come such a long way. I will not drink with you today! 
Thanks for sharing this.  AA is an interesting place and the quality of meetings (and the people attending them) can vary...AA also as you discovered can not solve all the problems.  Stopping drinking by itself usually helps us from making things worse on a daily basis but the baggage we bring with us often remains...I was in a difficult marriage too nothing on the order of yours but toxic just the same and it took me a while before my self esteem was strong enough for me to take the actions I needed to...Good luck with your continuing journey....
Have you read many roads one journey? I too have a history of abuse and domestic violence which is why I had to leave aa's dogma behind. So much of it was in direct conflict with my trauma counseling and stunted my growth in recovery. I read many roads one journey when I quit going to meetings and it made me feel so much better and put into words so much of what I was feeling. I didn't have a part in many things. I did not drink due to character defects. My anger did not make me drink if anything supressing my anger is what will lead me to drink.  I am glad you've found a path that works for you! It sounds like our stories are very similar  best of luck 
