-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m3dyi/i_relapsed_after_173_days/

...Is something I'm glad I don't have to say as I near my first 6 months of sobriety in over 3 years. Sure it took me getting into trouble (third DUI) and being on probation to do it but let me tell you: My probation is a joke and the accountability on me is so low that I could have easily continued drinking if I wanted to. ..I'm extremely proud of myself for making it this far and I'm really looking forward to the next 6 months and getting my 1 year badge. In a time where I've felt really down and out about myself going nowhere in life this will be a huge accomplishment for me and something I can be proud of. ..That being said I will have my big test after I hit one year and that's to continue being sober. The biggest test of them all still looms over me and that's when I get off of probation. I will only be accountable to myself at that point so I realize it's important that I continue visiting SD continue reading the stories and advice I find here and most importantly I HAVE to stay sober. In the last 10 years 1 year of sobriety is my longest streak and I'm determined to shatter that record. I'm scared but I'm also very motivated. I'm still adjusting to the idea of never drinking again (for my own well being) but I realize I have to focus on one day at a time and that's what I'm doing. ..Anyway thanks to all at SD and have a great weekend!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the 174 :] ..Have an awesome weekend too!
Damn... I fell for the click bait ; ) haha but seriously nice work! It can be hard when the accountability falls mostly on yourself. Thank you for sharing your story. Stay motivated and committed you can do it!.I won't drink with you today!
Great work i'm in the same boat and I've never wanted this more than anything else.
I'm working on accountability as well son has moved out don't have a SO atm and don't have to answer to anyone but...myself...and I don't give myself good advice...I won't drink with you today!
