-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6m5fbc/enough_is_enough/

I'm tired of relapsing and drinking I don't even enjoy it anymore. The weight gain the anxiety all the money wasted on stupid alcohol. I'm so tired of this endless cycle I feel like Im stuck in Ill get a few sober days in a row and then convince myself that drinking is fun and go to the store for a 12 pack. I keep telling myself Ill stop drinking but my mind starts playing tricks with me. Just felt the need to rant tonight and get some things off my chest.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there.
It got to be a real grind for me at the end.  Why am I even doing this I would ask myself as I dragged myself  to the liquor store again.  I was a chronic relapser.  My therapist observed I either needed more accountability or more support. I kept adding things to my recovery plan and one day I stopped relapsing.  Keep at it friend!
I did that cycle over and over and over. You're not alone. You only have to do this one more time. This can be the time it sticks.
What helps me is hearing that voice (the drinking voice) in my head and saying fuck you! to it...Then I also try to remind myself... The drunkness is so short it cost so much money the days go by too quick relationships go to shit or vanish the depression weighs in heavier I get heavier I feel like shit I look like shit I literally become slower stupider version of myself all for what? Fun? This isn't fun anymore Iv'e sucked all the fun from it I had plenty of fun before I slipped into the grips of it. I just try to keep these things in my mind. I'm very newly sober and it's taken me a long time to gather these thoughts and accept them. The support in this conmunity is awesome and I'm currently seeking support irl too. You can do this I believe in you! P. S.  I also like to flip off liqour stores discreetly when driving by as well as billboards advertising alcohol and what not haha idk I'm just trying to strengthen my fuck you to alcohol voice and it seems to help. I know it's silly. .
Hey... Same here. Straight up addict. Never been addicted to any other drug in my life and I've tried a lot of them. Just alcohol. You're sick of drinking then after a couple of days your brain and body are craving that shit so then it's like "Fuck it. Crack open a beer." Then we drink get wasted wake up hate it hate everything quit then in a couple of days.....It took be a little while to feel "normal" this second go around but once you get all that out of your system the physical cravings aren't as crazy. Just get through these initial days...Best of luck!
Similar story except I've never really had the courage to stop so have had the internal yes/ no debate in my head for decades but never really stopped. Most was two weeks many years ago then three weeks a few months back when working the Andrews  / Canfield Solution.  It's shit but I think what's helped me here along with my own determination to stop is a cumulative thing....self help books wanting to improve my health and performance be a better person some hypnosis tracks meditation listening to other people's stories on Audible in the car in the background sometimes but still seeping into my head....and finally this forum....very empowering wishing each other well each day...We are with you.....keep on keeping on!
