-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mb5vr/to_drink_or_not_to_drink/

I am a college student who has just returned from six months of substance abuse treatment. Ultimately it was my parents who forced me to go and I graciously agreed seeing as they were going to pull the plug on my college fund otherwise. While there I realized that I did not identify with any of the other patients (at any of the places I went to) and that my drinking was not severe at all especially compared to most people...To give some background I am a weekend social drinker only. I rarely drink by myself (unless if it is maybe a beer). I pace myself and know my limit. On average I have about four to six drinks in a sitting over about a four hour period. I rarely party and have never used any other drugs besides weed a few times and I was not even a fan of that...My parents started labeling me as an alcoholic after I got in trouble for underage possession with my school on two occasions. I did go to the ER once after seeing what it was like to go on a binge. After that I stopped drinking for a while and then drank only on occasion (and in lesser quantity) and was able to hold myself to that. Despite that when I returned home for Christmas my parents constantly berated me for being "an addict". I know they were concerned because there have been a few addicts in my family. They made me go to meetings which I actually did not mind so much even though I could not identify with many of the people. I developed a healthy admiration for the twelve steps and how useful they seemed in helping real addicts recover...Finally after my parents found out that I had a glass of wine on Christmas Eve they sprung an intervention on me and sent me to rehab in early January forcing me to withdraw from school. I just could not connect with my fellow patients and clients even once I got to IOP. While I benefited from individual therapy as I have issues of my own the groups were utterly pointless for me after about a month but my parents kept sticking me in new IOP's and even ANOTHER inpatient each time I finished a program even though I never relapsed...At each place it never took long for a therapist to determine that I did not have a substance abuse issue. It took a while for my parents to stop this but they are still saying that I cannot drink. Knowing them they'd probably send me back to treatment if they found out I had so much as a sip of wine that was not a part of the Eucharist. I am now 21 capable of making my own decisions and I know that I am capable of drinking responsibly. I feel like my parents are still trying to control me. The main thing keeping me from drinking is the fact that they help pay for university and my integrity keeps me from doing so. Despite that I am young and it feels unfair that I cannot drink anymore in principle. Since I have gotten out (I am now six months sober) I have been to bars with friends ordered tea and not been tempted to drink. I have never had a craving for alcohol in my life have not relapsed with those in rehab who have even after being invited to have not been intoxicated since the ER and even now roll my eyes at drunkards. Still though in my head I still want to drink in the generalized sense. According to the Big Book the best way to figure out that I am an alcoholic or not is to try controlled drinking. Even though it has been determined that I am not an alcoholic I already know that I am capable of controlled drinking. That is exactly what I did after the ER experience which I deem as college dumbassery. While I have no intention of drinking any time soon I still want to but I don't know what to do. I am afraid of what my parents (who drink maybe only a few times a year) will do to me if they ever find out...What should I do? They will get mad if I inform them that I want to be able to enjoy an occasional drink or two on special occasions down the road but at the same time I am an adult capable of making my own decisions. I would appreciate some feedback from addicts. I am quite confused right now and even somewhat disgruntled at both myself and my parents...TL;DR I was forced into treatment by my controlling (but well-intentioned) parents despite not being an alcoholic. I have been sober for six months and it is not a big deal but I still want to get back to drinking some time down the line. I am afraid what my parents will do despite being a grown man who is financially dependent upon them for both college and insurance..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey very unusual situation...From what I read in your post until you're no longer "dependent" on them it's not in your control...I've learned to accept the things I don't control and to work on those things for which I have influence...Life brings events to me.  I have 3 choices:  (1) accept them (fully embrace I'm "OK" with it); (2) tolerate it (it's just "one more time"); and (3) Remove myself from it...What do you choose?
This is certainly an unusual question for this sub. You also might try asking it in /r/relationships...This sounds to me like an extreme and very unfortunate reaction on the part of your parents. I have children about your age and I know how nerve wracking it is to see them grow up and become independent but I can't imagine reacting the way your parents have ... maybe because I know what addiction really looks like...However it seems to me that the pragmatic thing to do as long as you are financially dependent on them is to play by the rules they have set. Eventually I suspect you will have to learn to set some fairly strict boundaries with them though. 
If you're old enough to make your own decisions than you're also old enough to pay for college yourself and be responsible for the debt you acquire and medical insurance you have to have. Unfortunately it's their money and their guidelines. It doesn't matter if you're not an alcoholic if their stipulation is that they expect you to abstain due to prior disciplinary issues with school and your ER visit. If you don't want to follow their rules then you're other option is to choose to be independent. 
