-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mb7k9/just_need_to_stop_but_i_struggle/

I really don't know where to start here. And I just want to get some things off my chest. ..I have been drinking for years now. I'm 36 years old and want to quit drinking but have a hard time making that happen. My biggest problem is I don't stop when I start and drink till I black out or run out of beer or anything else around. Last night was a prime example and had fun with everyone but woke up not knowing how the night ended and had some mess issues in my hotel room I am staying at. ..I work for a highway construction crew that travels away from home. After work beers are a regular occurrence. Most of the time I just have a couple but there are some times when I get completely blasted wake up regretting my decisions then do it all again. I have done everything from drunk texting to what happened last night pissing in front of my hotel room door in the hall. A couple of years ago I had an idea to drive home at 3am when I  could barely walk. Thankfully I was stopped. When these regretful things happen I tell myself that its my "wake up call" to quit. A day or two passes and I'm right back into it. Other nights I get drunk with the guys and just have fun with no problems or regret at all. ..My girlfriend (8 years living together) gave me an ultimatum about my drinking a few years ago so I slowed down when I was home. I'd grab a six pack of tall cans to try and set a limit or make it appear that way. I just don't tell her about the nights I drink when I'm away working. I feel bad about this situation. She's not dumb and knows me too well I tell her I only had a few but she knows what I conceder "a few".  I love her and part of my wanting to quit has to do with earning her trust and respect back. Not that she lost respect for me just the drunk ass me. ..My job has stress. I'm more in the administrative side of our construction projects and have lots on my plate. I think I could do better and excel in my field if I put the booze down. I know there are health benefits also. I quit smoking for two years now and it was one of the best decisions I ever made. I suspect I would feel the same about drinking but I struggle.  .. I like to unwind with drinking. I like getting drunk by my self at home in my basement. I like visiting my brother for a night every so often and getting wasted with him. I have beers when I stop by my Dads. I work with my best friend and enjoy beers with him. Beers after work with the crew. We have drinks when my girlfriend and I visit with our friends. A beer when I cut the lawn.  It just seems like its just a huge part of my lifestyle. ..I have heard the hardest part is admitting you have a problem. I admit it to myself. I don't know how to deal with this though. I don't know why I felt the urge to post. I found this sub and said what the heck. ..I've tried to cut back but that doesn't work I need to quit. Sorry for the long winded post I just needed let this out.
----------immediate responses--------

Feels good to let it all out doesn't it......Welcome Aboard! We're glad you came..... Hope you can stick around!..Here's a judgement-free-zone and you can guarantee that all of us have been in the same boat to one degree or another so we know how it feels to have a dysfunctional relationship with alcohol.....It's scary to think about 'losing' something which has become such an integral part of your daily routine and rituals.... I felt the same 15-year heavy drinking problem and now 10 days sober at 33.....Never thought I could do it but it was the best decision I ever made and I feel better now than I have done in years!..There's always someone around if you want to vent ask questions anything really.... Have a read of the sidebar too there's some useful stuff there.....Having the right tools and support in place before/during/after quitting really helped me and writing stuff down on this sub has been so cathartic and insightful......We're not a scary cult or anything don't worry... It's nice round here please make yourself at home!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome friend! I used to worry about what life would be like without alcohol. How would I socialize? How would I celebrate? How would I unwind? How could I handle the stress??..All I can tell you is that my world opened up when I quit. Most of the things that I worried about have either not been an issue or so minor that they were easily dealt with...Getting sober isn't easy but it's infinitely easier than the way that I was living.
I understand where you're coming from because it seems hard to give up the drinking that isn't problematic. I don't always drink ridiculously and most nights that I drink are not that crazy. But I think it's a sacrifice for a greater good and because unfortunately I can't eliminate those problem nights. I also drink with my sister and dad and it will be weird to be not drinking when we are together. They won't like it I'm afraid.
Well made it through yesterday without a drink. Staring at the few beers I had left in the fridge. I almost said fuck it who am I kidding I won't quit but trying to stay strong. Seems like such a small feat although I have to start with day one to move on. I'm nervous I won't be able to do it. Tonight will be a good test after work when the crew is having beers. 
