-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mcmjl/just_need_to_vent/

Its been 3 years since the mother of my child left me.  Im pretty much over that now.  Sometimes I fall back into memories and it hurts but I can deal with that...What I cant deal with is the look my son gives me every time he has to leave my house and go back with his mom.  He loves his mom and shes great to him.  But he loves me a lot too.  Hes 5 kind smart me and his mom are doing everything right.  Hes the poster child of a great little boy.  Always happy except in moments like these...Today as his mother was picking him up after we said our good byes and he was walking down the poarch he caught me with an especially piercing look head hanging down tilted to the side unwilling to say one last I love you because he was choking up.  I could see into his soul and he was so heart broken.  I feels like the first day I woke up and he wasnt there.  My heart is shattered.  Im sitting here fighting back tears with varying success but the pain is so tremendous.  I just want it to stop.  ..Id end it all if it wouldnt break his heart more.  Then again I wouldnt feel that way if it wasnt for his love and his little heart.  Hes what I live for.  Life has offered me nothing else.  I know that is unfair to him I know that isnt his burden to carry.  So I will continue on carrying it myself silently.  This is no way to live...Now dont give me any of that suicide prevention bullshit.  That shit doesnt help anyone who is serious.  Im serious but Id never do it cause of him so I guess its all moot.  ..The point is I want it all to stop.  Now Im just sitting here praying for the last 7 minutes alcohol is sold to pass.  I could be to the store in 3.  I need a drink but I cant have one.  It would be so easy to numb this all.  ..Not really looking for anything out of this post.  Just needed to get it off my chest and make myself busy for just a few more minutes till it doesnt matter how much I want it I cant have it today.  ..Ive gotta be up at 6 for work.  Dont think Im sleeping tonight.  Good luck to you all in recovery.  Sometimes its a real struggle.  Its 1:59 now and there is no making it to the store.  Good night everyone.  
----------immediate responses--------

Good job. *hugs* 
Good job man good night
Good job..I'm not a parent but you are lucky to be a dad you will always be his dad..Stay strong 
