-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mdiqr/ive_had_a_relapse/

This entire weekend I've drank like a chum. I don't get it. I'm ashamed...Edit: can someone help me figure this out?
----------immediate responses--------

I think relapses are fairly common.  I think what is important is to not guilt trip yourself and think "Well fuck it. I've already drank this much so why not keep on going?"  Give yourself permission to make mistakes and dust yourself off and try again. You will get to where you want to be if you don't stop trying.  Good luck today. :) 
Aw sorry to hear that! 'Spect you're feeling a bit rough today?..What was it that set you off could you maybe elaborate on the thought process or particular trigger/circumstances that lead you to take a drink?..I think the 2-week mark is still early days and I could picture myself possibly feeling healthier and brighter by that point and 'rewarding' myself for doing so well and thinking '*well just one couldn't hurt'... before you know it you've gone and had a binge.....Was something like that the case in your situation?..Don't beat yourself up about it use it as a learning experience and get back in the saddle better equipped to handle the temptation if it pops up again in the future!..I won't drink with you today :&gt;)&gt;..Hope you feel better soon ..Woody
Glad you're here!!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Just for clarification what part are you trying to figure out? I will help if I can! 
The road to sobriety is beset with speedbumps.  This is normal don't sweat it.  At some point the road opens up and you realize you haven't hit a speedbump in a long time.  It's a feeling worth having.  Good luck friend.
I couldn't really think my way out of drinking I had to act. I joined Refuge Recovery to make sober friends who have my back and who understand my addiction. I also got some tools to use from therapy. Best wishes!
Welcome back.  The key for me on the badge resets was to examine what triggered it and how did it turn out.  After a few resets I have embraced sobriety.  It rocks!  I won't drink with you today.
