-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mj5if/i_used_to_not_drink_during_the_week_but_i_find/

For the past few years I would only drink during the weekends. Sometimes I would binge even at home but sometimes I would take it easy (3 drinks max). I drink during the weekends because I feel like it's my reward for not doing it during the week. (I used to drink every day so I felt it was progress.)..Lately I've found myself drinking during the week again. In the past I could easily avoid it by not stopping at the grocery store and picking up a six pack of beer. But now after the weekend I'll still have some beer or vodka left over from buying it on the previous Friday and so I ignore that voice that says "don't drink!"..My problem? I go to the gym religiously. I wake up at 4:30 in the morning to get there by 5:30. So now I've noticed I'm using that as sort of an excuse. Oh sure I can have a couple beers (FIVE beers) because I'll be done drinking by 9 and then I'll go to bed and be up for the gym!..Obviously that isn't ideal. I wake up groggy but still go and have a mediocre workout. When I was sober during the week I was making great progress and yet sometimes I forget that and still pour myself a drink...Every once in a while I toy with not drinking during the weekend so this cycle doesn't continue. I did it once. It was okay. I know what sleeping and waking up sober is like. But for some reason some part of my brain says that I need to drink during the weekend to have fun whether it's with my friends or by myself...Fourth of July kind of fucked up my sober weeks. I took off that Monday and had the fourth (Tuesday) off and drank consistently every day during my four day weekend. I had vodka leftover so I drank Wednesday. And Thursday. And during this past weekend. And now tonight...Recently I'm getting nauseous after I eat which has never happened before. I'm a little worried I'm possibly ruining my stomach? And the past two attempted sexual meetings I've had ended up with me completely flaccid despite the guys being really hot (I'm gay fyi). I was sober during but I'm thinking it's due to my recent drinking...I've been strong before. Even with alcohol in my place I was able to just convince myself I didn't need to drink. What happened?..I want to stop drinking for a month. This might sound bad but I want to reset my tolerance but also I don't need the extra calories and want to make at least some actual progress at the gym. What do you recommend?
----------immediate responses--------

