-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mn6i0/i_need_advice_from_yall_struggling/

I will try to be brief. Throwaway for privacy have been wanting to post for a long time. ..Abusive childhood lots and lots of moving around and parental alcohol abuse/drugs etc. Started watching porn in 1st grade. Drinking at 13 which almost killed me. I was in ICU for 3 days. ..Pills and weed at 14 cocaine and shooting up by 17. Had moved out on my own. Heavy heavy drinking. Rehab. Didn't work. ..Got married and had a baby at 19. Stayed sober through the pregnancy. Then moved 2500 miles from my support group and husband deployed. It got bad. Within a year I was drinking 2 bottles of wild turkey 101 a day by myself. Amphetamines. Smoking cigarettes. Came to an end for a while after I attempted suicide with a 9mm at 21. Blood level was .4 and I remember everything. ..Hospital rehab for 6 weeks. Pregnant 4 days after leaving rehab and lost my baby at 15 weeks. Down the rabbit hole. Got pregnant the next month successfully. Sober. Baby was born down the rabbit hole. Mom died. Even worse. ..That was 5 years ago and I haven't been sober a single day since. I am in Ems and have seen the devastation. Seen the pain. I've seen my own families pain. I'm terrified I'll never be able to quit and that will be me in 10 years. I know exactly what beer the bums drink because its the same cheap ass high ABV Tallboys they drink and I can smell it. ..My husband is supportive and not an alcoholic although he will drink with me on weekends and stuff. He is tired of my hidden cans and falling asleep and missing appointments. I've gained 20 lbs which is crazy because I never eat. ..I lost my insurance when I went part time. I am also addicted to opiates self harm sleep around and just generally everything that applies to BPD. I quit shoplifting and buying illegal drugs 2 years ago because I have kids and I do not want to get arrested. I also don't drive drunk. ..Opiates make me completely different. I do art I'm creative I am able to eat. I'm energetic. I had a prescription for over 4 years and while I'd abuse them it'd be 2 weeks sober from alcohol and everyone was happier. ..Now I have none and it's only alcohol and I'm like a sinking ship. I wake up and I get waves of panic and my heart races and I'm drenched in sweat. I have to drink as soon as I wake up or my hands will shake so bad I can't even look at my phone. My vision is shit. 20lbs overweight. Acid reflux. Constant daily diarrhea. Lethargy. ..I don't know how to escape this demon. I feel like I will die an alcoholic. My uncle did diabetic and seizures. And he still drank wearing a diaper. ..I don't even know how to address all my issues or explain just how dysfunctional I am. I feel like if I didn't have my husband and kids and be active in my neighborhood that I would be completely content drunk laying in ant beds pissing on myself...How do I stop this? I can't go to rehab. I have no insurance. No car to go to meetings. I walk to the store every day. I like to think "oh I'm not as bad as I could be" because I know just exactly how fucking bad I can be when no one is watching. But I've lost all my will and motivation and the way I feel when I wake up is terrifying. I would gladly go to rehab if I had the support or means 3rd time is a charm because I'm literally ready to end this nightmare. But I don't have that option and it blows. ..Help. 
----------immediate responses--------

