-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6mokn2/since_i_found_sd/

A lot has changed. I've had many ups and downs but here I am on day 185. Today I'd like to share the text from my very first post here on July 15th 2016:..>*I don't remember any of last night. I got home from work and that's about it. I'm pretty freaking scared. I've made such a habit out of drinking myself to sleep and I hate myself for it.*..>*I have NO CLUE what I'm going to do if I'm not drinking. In fact I feel like I've forgotten my own personality (if that's even possible). But I want more out of my life than this shit existence.*..Since that day I've been trying to stop drinking. And as you can tell from my badge it took me almost another 6 months of trying to finally get it to stick. So why does this matter? What's the point of you reading this?..Here's the point: Looking back at those words I hurt for the person I was. I felt so completely isolated and hopeless that I wouldn't wish the feeling on anyone. So today I'm writing both as a thanks to those who have helped me get here as well as to those that are struggling...In the last 185 days I've:..1. Kept my job AND gotten much better at it. Sobriety has allowed me to be present for experiences that have greatly increased my marketability should I ever choose to look for a different job..2. Found a way to sleep without alcohol!! I sleep much better now and I wake up feeling refreshed most mornings..3. Remembered my personality. The cloudiness has left my mind and I'm starting to remember who I was before alcohol. I am able to make jokes without drinking spend time with groups of people (former big trigger for me) and have started enjoying old hobbies again!.4. Saved up more than $15000.00 in cash that I plan to put toward a down payment on a home! (Saved over $4K on booze alone).5. And most important of all I've started to believe in myself. I'm truly starting to like who I am again. I'm working on my physical health and plan on sticking with therapy to deal with my emotions. Life still isn't perfect but I'm okay with that. It's drastically better than it was and I have no plans to look back!..If you're struggling please believe me - this was the best decision I've ever made. I was a guy that had lost nearly all hope of having a normal life. But I was wrong - there is lots of life left to live and many great days ahead...Thanks SD - xJT
----------immediate responses--------

