-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6n32is/just_cant_stand_the_hangover_pukes_any_longer/

Hi All compulsory intro post.  As I write this I am trying to distract myself from vomiting.  Know the feeling?  The other day my husband told me he thinks I'm an alcoholic.  He's right.  I fought him on it by drinking about a half a bottle of vodka and wonder why yet again I feel terrible.  Why am I doing this to myself?..Alcohol used to be fun.  It used to be cute. Innocent.  Margaritas with my mom sharing a bottle of wine with a friend having one beer on the deck with my hubby.  I have a busy management job and somewhere along the way alcohol became a crutch.  A buddy.  A sure-fire way to relax quickly.   A way to impress people with my extensive wine knowledge.  Then it became a thief a chain a noose.  Instead of me enjoying one Corona on the deck I'm in the grips of this stupid addiction.  It has its slimy hands around my neck and I hate it.  I'm tired of waking up in the morning with the taste of stale wine or vodka in my mouth.  Who in their right mind would choose such a thing?  That's when I realized I'm really not free and I have to do something about these chains.  ..I've tried to quit drinking before but my intentions were never right (for me). I wanted to drop a few pounds save some money do a Whole 30 or to test my Lenten resolve (to prove I'm not an alcoholic).  But never once did I quit for my health's sake my relationships and my one life that I'm pouring down the drain one drink at a time.  I am quitting because I finally realize that I'm worth it.  I deserve to be free of this thing.  ..Scanning this sub I see so many victories and celebrations.  Yes there are some struggles but there are so many wins.  I want to share in a piece of that success.  I want to beat the bottle and this time it's for me.  To take care of this one life this one body I have.  I'm 41 and my life is probably more than half over.  It's time. ..I won't drink with you all today.  Thanks for reading.  
----------immediate responses--------

