-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6n3g3b/harder_than_i_thought/

I read through Naked Mind the 1st month of my sobriety. I on purposely put off reading the relapse part but eventually got around to it. Before I gave up my 40 something days sobriety I thought I'd be the one to make it without a relapse but as you can tell by my badge I failed (July 4th) which led to me drinking after that "last time". I thought "once more won't hurt". I felt like I needed to "go out with a bang". I felt "better". I had fun at my friend's party. I even stopped myself from drinking all the liquor so I didn't have a hangover. But I drank more than I wanted/needed. ..I was reminded that I'm not OK. I was lying to myself by saying "I'm good". I was white knuckling it for awhile but the idea of being sober for fireworks is what got me. I convinced my partner to buy liquor. He refused at 1st but he said he rather me drink around him than hide it or find a way to get it while he's away from home. I think he wanted to drink bc he only stopped to respect my recovery which is fine. We agreed to leave the rest of the bottle at my friend's place. We're both back on the sober wagon but it's harder for me than him. I believe I became agoraphobic at some point. It's still challenging to leave my home which is working against and for me in recovery plus I lack self-esteem even though I know I'm capable. I'm trying to learn to drive again and do "normal things" without freaking out like go to the movies shops family events and out to eat...I'm freaking out about going to class again in August which I think is triggering this urge to get completely wasted. But I have to re-introduce myself into society. I never used my old degree due to my mental health/self sabotage. I'm taking it slow so that I remain sober and able to function in the world. I'm also looking to get a job (part-time) after hiding myself away for a few years writing playing music and drinking in a small town away from everyone but my partner (recently we moved back to a city). These things will help me recover and keep myself under control/busy minded. I want to be happy. I want to be free of this pain...I'm in mental anguish even though I'm doing the right thing for myself. I have to go back to therapy. I've gotten close to suicide/have self harmed this year. My partner can't stand to see me like this but he tries his best and is an awesome guy. I get angry bc I feel like I can never be open with anyone else. 99% of the time friends are drinking in front of me. I don't want to be a party pooper. I could care less what they do as long as they're happy. I still want to be invited to stuff bc otherwise I just stay home every week/weekend. But I've been treated different by family/friends in the past for having brought light to my inner turmoil. Maybe I'm crazy and people can sense that? Plus I'm a spiritual person who doesn't like to participate in things I find to be immoral so it's hard to make connections. I like to go outdoors converse about theories our human existence magick death. I like to look at morbid art. I love Star Wars Marvel and I love to play video games. I'm going to spend my life bettering the world trying new things and being creative in my work. I feel like I've outgrown everyone around me yet I still have a child-like sense of imagination. But this is my path. This is my greatest adventure in finding out who I am without drugs or alcohol. I'm using this pain to empower myself and inspire others...Thanks for reading. I just needed to get it off my really heavy heart. Not drinking today. 
----------immediate responses--------

