-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nc1e6/first_step/

Today is day 1 of my sobriety. It's my brother's birthday and I can't think of a better day to start something I know I've needed for a long time. I've tried and failed many times but I'm not going to give up. You've helped show me I'm worth way more than that. I'm so happy to have found this sub as reading your thoughts and stories has inspired me to make this change in my own life. If each of you is making the choice to not drink why can't I? Why not now?..I was never much of a drinker in high school and when I went to college I did it more because the people around me were doing it than because I wanted to. It's about this time that I started to suspect that I wouldn't have a very good relationship with drinking. As a shy introvert I'd drink to be more social and less inhibited. This seemed to "help" but it was also coupled with a desire to get drunk. A few drinks wasn't enough. I would just keep going. Alcoholism runs in my family and I should have known better. But I told myself I was fine and that couldn't happen to me. During college I would do it only on weekends. During the school week I was focused and not even tempted to drink. In reality I just think I was too busy and focused on other things. .It wasn't until after college until I decided that I "liked" to drink. In reality I had just discovered that I could use alcohol as an escape from my life even if just for the night. I started buying beer after work to go home and drink alone. I was in an unhealthy relationship and would get drunk to dull the pain. I've spent my entire life struggling with anxiety depression shame guilt and I had found something that allowed me to forget. I see how foolish I've been (I've seen it for a while). It's been a slow fade but where I find myself now is not where I thought I'd be. My relationships have suffered and my interests are practically nonexistent. I want my life back. I want me back. I've traded struggling spitfirephoenix for alcoholic struggling spitfirephoenix creating more issues than I ever started with. I've been trapped in a cycle of unhappiness- sad drink to escape sadness shame over drinking again sadder the next day-on and on lower and lower. ..I've hidden so much from my family from my friends. I imagine they suspect but I've been too afraid to talk to anyone about it. I'm sick of living a double life. Happy on the outside when I'm really not happy at all. Alcohol feels like a temporary crutch but it's really just a self-sabotager. ..I want to be honest with all of you because you've helped me to be honest with myself. I hope that it will in turn help me be honest with those around me. I'm going to need lots of your help. I want to help each of you in return. ..I will not be drinking with each of you today.
----------immediate responses--------

