-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nhx7e/one_week_in_long_enough_to_introduce_myself/

I wanted to wait a bit before I posted about where I'm coming from- imposter syndrome and all that. Now that I have a full week and a sober night at the bar under my belt I feel like I'm more of a part of this amazing supportive community...I've never been a "problem" drinker. So I told myself even though I had a two year period where I got sloshed off of boxed wine every day. Bad relationships will do that though right? You enable each other to the point where you don't do anything except drink together. ..Once I got my head out of my ass and started dating someone who is legitimately only a social drinker I cut way back. Only beer. Only with friends. And then I started adding in whiskey and it was one or two to unwind after work and the weekends? A little too many "I'm totally good to drive!" nights for a clean conscience. ..But everyone around me drank. My parents who are some badass role models in almost every aspect toss back a couple of drinks every night. That's what normal looks like right? ..Last weekend I was coming off of a week where I had a nightcap every day and a boozy Friday night at the bars. I woke up with a mild hangover- nothing a couple glasses of water and some pain killers couldn't fix. And I realized: did I even ENJOY the alcohol? The atmosphere sure the company absolutely. But the actual feeling of being drunk? I spent more time and energy worrying about keeping my shit together and acting sober than hanging out with my friends. Once the first drink was down the hatch it was constant monitoring of my condition to make sure I wasn't drinking too fast or drinking too much. Considering the natural impairment to judgement I thought I had everything under control. Everyone always told me that they could never tell that I had been drinking. I had the motor control the natural facial expressions the enunciation...I woke up last Saturday and thought why? What's the point? I could just be myself and actually enjoy the people I'm with instead of expending all this energy trying to act normal. Fuck this I thought I'm quitting...And then serendipitously when I was browsing another sub someone linked to r/stopdrinking. I clicked the link and that confirmed it. I wanted to be one of these happy depressed victorious struggling people who choose other things for themselves than alcohol. ..So I am. I choose to be sober and hell no I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

