-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nldnp/waves_of_life/

Disclaimer: Nothing in this post is profound. If you're hoping to read something poignant and insightful this will disappoint. And trust me I'm not doing one of those things writers do to lower expectations then hit you with something deeply moving and touching. There is none of that here...Main body of post: These last three months have been a mixture of easy hard and beyond difficult. At times I've felt lost wondering why life is so tough for me. Everyone it seems to me has their stuff together. They go out and are able to drink find love and hold down a job without breaking a sweat. Meanwhile I'm struggling just to remain sober for 24 hours at a time...I have often wondered why it is so hard for me. But then I eventually started wondering is it really that hard for me or maybe I'm just ignoring the issues that everyone else has? Perhaps the guy next store with his beautiful wife and children is ransacked with anxiety or money problems or an illness. Maybe the picture perfect people I've envied all my life aren't so flawless.  ..Then I finally came to the thought that maybe for whatever unconscious reason I have consistently interpreted life in a way that made me feel like shit. I would always believe the grass is greener and I was always unworthy of those pastures. I kept myself focused on negatives hate misery and anger. ..This made it easy to drink drug and in turn hate my life. This made it easy to be a poor friend brother lover employee etc. Everything in my head was just so...warped. ..Since I've stopped drinking I've started seeing things more positively. I'm starting to understand that life happens to everyone. We all feel happy at times and we all have times of being sad. We all have issues and concerns and worries and troubles. We also all have moments of joy pleasure and love. As much as we try to control everything that happens to us there is obviously no way for us to avoid pain. But there is also no way for us to avoid pleasure...I guess now i understand this. I will allow the wave of life to take me wherever I need to be taken. There are times that the wave is nice and smooth and there will be times that it is turbulent. The one constant is that I'm determined to soak it all in and appreciate the journey...It doesn't matter what the next surfers waves are like. What matters is that I keep riding whatever comes my way. ..I have no idea what the future holds I'm just glad that i have been able to shift my mindstate...Closing: This is the end of the post. Thank you for reading I hope you all have a good day. 
----------immediate responses--------

