-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6nmlku/day_1_again/

Most recently my record is 34 days. 2 1/2 months ago I started to notice the effect and control alcohol had over my life. I would arrange my schedule around planned nights/days of drinking whether it be specific social events or just a Friday night. I would for go productive healthy activities either b/c of drinking or a hang over. I felt like I was expected to drink and used that as an excuse to drink even when I didn't really want to drink. So I decided I'd see if I could go a few weeks without drinking. It was a test to see if I had in fact lost my control over alcohol. ..I made it two weeks at first and declared a victory of sorts. I could choose to not drink  even at social events. It was up to me I decided if I wanted to drink and I had control. So I drank in moderation my version of it anyways for the couple weeks after. Until something concerning an ex bf happened and I was torn to pieces. That weekend I ended up doing drugs something I was already working on quitting and had gone 4 months without. My therapist and I determined if I hadn't been drinking I wouldn't have done the drugs. So it was time I got serious about really quitting drinking. I went to meetings found this sub did more research on alcoholism (my family tree is full of addiction) felt great had no problem going out with friends and found my love affair with soda water. ..But the last couple weeks I've fallen off. I started skipping meetings because I was busy and felt I had control. I actually felt like I didn't even want to drink. Drinking was fun but feeling amazing and clear was so much better. And then it happened the thought of well I've done so well and technically I don't have a problem. Or everyone else has relapsed so why can't I? I'll get back on the wagon tomorrow. What if I just kept it to a drink or two for special events here and there. I'll moderate I can do that. But once I start it's never just one or two it's 5 or 9. Even tho I don't get trashed and that's 5 or 9 over the same number of hours (day drinking by the water with friends) I've noticed it still effects my mood the next day. I'm not hungover just not as happy as I was without it. And then how do I decide an event or time when it's ok to drink vs when it's not? What makes one event more special than another aren't they all opportunities for an experience?..So here I go again. Going to a meeting tonight with a friend and recommitting to a life without drinking. It's a slippery slope and I plan on staying at the top. Thanks for listening I think I just needed to write it down to help myself believe it. It is a problem and I will not succumb to it today. 
----------immediate responses--------

