-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6o515m/an_old_childhood_friend_invited_me_to_meet_up/

It came right when I needed it. I was struggling hardcore. I found out yesterday that the Wellness Challenge I had made with my family and some friends was all just a lie by the majority of my family. Everyone in the challenge new I was trying to kick drinking and I simply asked for a Dry July in my challenge. No one had to say yes. I wasn't forcing anyone. I even gave them the entire 4th of July weekend to drink while I stayed sober. My husband is the ONLY family member who has stayed sober with me. Everyone else has LIED to my face. My mom stepdad brother...lied. Flat out lied. Told me oh they would never ever break their promise to support me and stay sober for a month- never. Nope. They have gone to wineries and downed bottles and bottles of wine they have drank in the evenings regularly have gone to happy hours etc. This whole time. I was really hurt. I'm not a child- I don't need lied to. If you don't want to be sober with me then don't fucking be sober. I was ready to be done and say fuck it all. Then my friend sent me a message on FB telling me to consider adding AA meetings to my Wellness Challenge (I'm not stopping at the end of July- I plan to go on forever but one day at a time) and that she knows I had to failed meetings in the past but she goes to be absolutely awesome meeting with a mix of new and old people plus she has an incredible sponsor and could help me get one. I needed this. While I absolutely love SD This Naked Mind The Power of Habits and consistently taking my bipolar meds like I should (helping a ton)- I realize i need more. The people I thought were supporting me aren't. As I said to my husband it just keeps with their record of never being able to do anything for me. I'm deciding to make what they do a non factor in my life to move on and let go of the pain and hurt and to focus on those who do truly care- my friends who have stuck this out my husband and my kids. I will be successful. I deserve this. We all do. Thank you guys for being such a powerful supportive amazing community 
----------immediate responses--------

