-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6p5gvs/first_post_here/

What a great community i've stumbled across here. I've enjoyed reading and responding to some of your posts these last few days. ..I've spent years struggling with alcohol and after a recent number of binges which have left me feeling dark depressed and alone it's time for me to give up the grog! ..I'm off to my first meeting tonight something i've put off for many years mostly due to denial and shame. I'm planning on reading this Reddit as often as I can as it's reassuring to know i'm not alone on this journey. ..I'm 3 days in and feeling quite optimistic :) 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome friend. Hope your meeting goes well and please post often everyone's experiences help those struggling for answers...Stay strong. 
Welcome! I look forward to your posts :)
&gt;I've spent years struggling with alcohol..This line got me because I often think about how many years I wasted under the influence with very few memories and even less accomplishments...I do realize now that there is lots of time left and I use the regret to spin it in a positive and use it to make sure I never pick up a drink again.  The regret can be only used for good if you face it and admit to it.  I'm glad that you're here.  If you stick through the first few months you will discover that you aren't just "getting by" living a boring sober existence but rather that everything is truly better without that poisonous shit.
Glad you're here!!!
Walking through the doors to AA was one of the toughest decisions of my life. It hasn't been all sunshine since but I have some serious hope now. ..Going to your first meeting might be one of the most courageous things you ever do for yourself. I hope you enjoy it. I did not at first but I keep going and I am finding my tribe. Everyone there has had that despair- that hopelessness- and they get it. ..Good job. Not drinking with you tonight. Be proud. 
SMART Recovery online is a great resource.  They have a great workbook too.  Online meetings.  It's based on cognitive behavioral therapy.  I won't drink with you today.
You got this! :)
welcome!
