-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pcr8e/back_at_day_1/

Haven't changed my flair yet I will soon...I didn't relapse on booze so I thought it didn't count. I took OTC sleeping pills sleep has ALWAYS been an issue throughout my life. While true that's how I justified it. The first night I took the pills it was only 1 then upped it to 2 3 4... and last night I took 15. I knew I didn't need 15 pills to fall asleep if I'm being honest with myself I took it for the effects. So I didn't have to sit here with racing thoughts and uncomfortable feelings. I missed a therapists appointment today and I've been lying to my sponsor by not telling her. She might fire me as a sponsee because this started weeks ago and I've been telling her everything is going great. I don't know how to even begin that conversation. ..Each day after I wake up I know I'm just watching life pass me by I wasted 2 beautiful sunny days (not common where I'm at in the summers) because I was too groggy to get out of bed. ..I have no more pills in the apartment. It's weird I have no temptations when it comes to alcohol but maybe that's because a part of me knew the pills would always be there if I got desperate. I don't know what the point of this post is maybe just to cleanse my thoughts a bit. Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

It can be difficult to get used to our sober minds. I won't drink with you.
I have to throw away pills (e.g. opioids) after taking them for dental surgery or whatever because I *will* take them for non-therapeutic purposes. For some of us it's just best not to have them around. Have found that physical exhaustion (lots of exercise) is a great treatment for racing thoughts while trying to fall asleep. Maybe something you can discuss with your therapist? Up to you on the flair reset but you still have a good long stretch alcohol-free. Keep that up! Totally respect that you're taking sobriety seriously with concerns over OTC sleep aids. Please be careful! Even OTC stuff is not safe in such large amounts. Especially since some of them contain tylenol... toxic for the liver in high amounts as you probably know. Thank you for sharing and for your honesty. I won't drink with you tonight!.
Have you ever had an assessment for ADHD?
Wait? You took too many OTC sleeping pills (I.e.benedryl)? And you are re-setting for that? I'm confused. 
