-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pfjdy/back_to_day_1_again/

I drank yesterday throughout the day. I don't feel hung over but I do feel he immense guilt of drinking when my wife and my son rely on me not to. I've relapsed before - was gong to AA this time - new different strategy is to park my car and go for a walk when I feel the urge...It's crazy that I know I shouldn't be doing it but I still find ways to do it. I go to different stores when I run out so they don't think I'm a drunk I use cash instead of my card to hide the stops at bars and I truly know I need to quit to be the best version of me...Fuck alcohol.
----------immediate responses--------

Ooof I did the same thing where I live is no shortage of liquor stores but I used to be riddled with guilt when they would make a comment about seeing me every day and it's not like I was getting ice cream or snacks... just a big bottle of vodka... I always prepared myself to say "Bunch of alchys in my house" or something similar but it was always for me...Welcome back though it takes a lot of courage to be honest with yourself and more importantly to start again.
Glad you're here!!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Welcome back. We are human try not to beat yourself up. Your wife an son love you and want the best for you. Keep fighting day one is a great start. Everyone starts there and everyone understands. I completely relate to the excuses "yeah I know I just bought a 6pack 4 hours ago. My damn husband drank it all". You can and will do this!! I believe in you!!
Right with you and not drinking with you today. We can do this! 
You will get it. You just will. I have typed this here before *not* drinking is *not* for pussies. This is hard very hard but it is doable. It's a good idea to go for a walk and delay the drinking. I keep a tight schedule when I get wiggly. 0600 wake up &amp; drink coffee. 0630 SD check-in &amp; post reading 0645 walk outside 0700 take B1 vitamins 0701 eat healthy breakfast... I can get a little nuts with the over scheduling but it works for me if I am edgy. I just can't be idle and suffer thru whatever is happening. Hang in there. As you know from the experience it does get better &amp; way more manageable. I will be thinking about you &amp; keeping positive thoughts for you!
"new different strategy is to park my car and go for a walk when I feel the urge."---Good to have a plan for when the urge...urges...no shame in starting over done it so many times myself let's do today together and I will not drink with you!
been there done that. I've paid for all my alcohol in cash for years because I'm still tied to my moms account and if she read the statement I'd be in rehab. FUCK alcohol indeed it's my first day by we.both realize we're so much better without it just gotta push through. I'm right there with you so are so many other people you're not alone.
I see you had triple digits.  So you remember what preceded the slip?    It is good you came right back.  I won't drink with you today.
