-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6plihq/3_months_sober_today_before_and_after/

I come here every day and read all about everyone's ups and downs and it really is helpful.  Thank you for that.  A few things I've noticed in the last 90 days:  My triggers seem to be anger and envy.  I've learned to deal with these feelings so much better rather than drowning them in the sauce.  Motivation has finally come back along with a little confidence.  Health wise I feel 1000% better.  I had pretty much just assumed I would drink until I died a premature death.  I had given in to this fact.  One day I just flipped a switch.  I don't why my brain chose to flip that day but I am grateful and hope that anyone struggling like I was will have that day soon.  Thanks.  http://imgur.com/a/Aln5o
----------immediate responses--------

Huge difference! Congrats! 
Congrats on your progress thus far!
Wow you look so different... so much better and healthier. Congrats. 
You look great!
I'm glad the brain flipped a switch.  You look vibrant after 3 months!  It gives me hope I may start to look and feel vibrant too...I really enjoyed a book called Radical Acceptance by Tara Brach.  It's for sure spiritual in some sections but overall it's about helping flip your brain from that damn envy/jealousy/obsessive thoughts...Not drinking with you today!
Anger and envy...I can relate so much.
You look so chill in the after picture - in a really good way!
Great work! I can completely relate with the switch flip!
Huge Congrats :) And  you look great! I will not drink with you today.
amazing transformation! big congrats! :-)
the difference in the pictures is unbelievable. hopefully same will happen to me. my motivation has also hit a shitty low and now im 10 days sober. hopefully itll come back like yours..not drinking with you today
Congrats! Keep up the good work! 
This post gives me the hope to continue on!  Let's go for it! I will not drink with you today!
I too flipped a switch after a very long time of getting nowhere...I am right behind you! May it always be that way :)
hell yes hottie!..Keep going  
Hey there hottie! Sober looks good on you thanks for the motivation!.I will not drink with you today!
You look great!
You look great! I'm glad you feel better. I will not drink with you today..
