-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ptxc6/i_dont_know_how_to_quit/

I stopped for about 14 days then I relapsed. I'm not drinking as much nor every night anymore. But I can't stop. I don't remember how I stopped before and that was just a month ago. I can't afford to take the time off work for an inpatient program as I have a toddler (single mom) and bills. I need to do something. I am reading This Naked Mind but very slowly. I can't stop the "I'm going to buy  alcohol tonight" thoughts. I don't know what to do how to stop this. Its bad for my health my wallet and my psyche. And its bad for my daughter to grow up with her mom having "magic drinks" every night...I've considered meds like Vivitrol or something similar. But I've taken so much time off work cause my daughter was sick (she's in daycare and catches everything) that I'm afraid to take time off for myself. This is a fantastic job as close to my dream job as I can get and I'm simply a contractor/temp until the company decides to hire me permanently...I an drinking less than I used to and not every day like I used to so I guess that's a step in the right direction. I'm just frustrated with my mind and my lack of self control...I've tried Smart Recovery never attended a meeting due to always having my kid around and it's not working for me. Can't do an online meeting with a toddler crawling all over me saying "Mama! Look at this!" every five minutes. You guys have been much more helpful...I'm not drinking tonight. I just don't remember how to not drink tomorrow night how to say no to my stupid faulty mind.
----------immediate responses--------

Question - What is your drink of choice?
Today you aren't drinking and hopefully tomorrow you don't either.  Keep reading here and actively trying!  You'll get there!
one day at a time my friend. reach out to friends and family for support. everyone needs a support network
I won't drink with you tonight. :) 
I want you to just take a second every time you want to drink and message one of us here if you don't want to make a post. I check reddit a lot and if you ever do I'll help you not drink with me too.
I will not drink with  you tonight. Don't worry about tomorrow night. Be well &amp; good luck. One day one hour at a time. 
I make a plan that I might drink on a Fri. Come Friday I don't want to. So tell myself perhaps Saturday or Sunday. When that day comes I think about how well I feel and what I want to do the following morning and then think about the rotten hangover that  will ruin my day .I got to dat 28 .it was a Sunday. Had a drink didn't beat myself up. But it reminded me of how shite I felt when I drink .fell asleep at 7pm .woke at 1 am .headache all morning and rough all day at work Monday. Asked myself was that fun .?.was it BOLLOCKS. I also read these posts every day .and they give me the strength and pride to know I'm doing well .I reward myself with buying new clothes with the 10.pounds plus I used to spend on wine every single day .if you have a drink Don't beat yourself up .look at it as a learning curve .ask yourself did you enjoy being sober alert more relaxed  when not drinking or did you enjoy the self loathing disappointed with your self drunken haze .booze is a bad lover .holds you back .makes you insecure and feel worthless. 12 days is great some people on here wish they could do 12 days. Keep going .be kind to yourself .xx
That's part of the process.  Most people start and stop as they feel it out.  Some are so sick of it they say enough and that is it.  The SMART meetings are at all different times.  I understand you are busy with a kid but maybe you would benefit from the SMART workbook.  You can work the exercises by yourself while the baby is occupied or sleeping.  I won't drink with you today.  If you don't want it there are a million excuses in the world.
Hey I'm a single mom too so just wanted to say that I can understand how hard it is on your own and how easy it is to drink - I used to feel like it was the only thing I had to keep me sane. Especially the toddler years ouch...For me personally it helped to have stuff planned the first few weeks for that danger zone for me like 4 p.m. ish when bedtime was still hours away and I had worked hard all day and had to do dinner and bedtime routine. And I did tons of TV for my kid even though I usually try not to. And sparkling water and lots of junk food helped me too. And I started doing youtube yoga videos even just 15 min. after my kid was asleep. I thought 15 min wasn't much but it was all the time I really could be bothered to dedicate to self care haha when all I wanted to do was veg out in front of the tv. But it's really helped me out a lot fitness wise and mentally too...Also you did 14 days that's awesome :) then you know that you can do at least that much. And it sounds like you're making positive strides in other ways too which is great. We are all here to help support you &lt;3
