-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pvdx2/childhood_alcoholism/

I was just wondering if anyone else here has been an alcoholic or started drinking during childhood. I think I was 11 when I had my first real drunk experience. By 14 I was drinking nearly every night with my mum who is also an alcoholic. I'm nearly 32 now and struggling to imagine my sober life. I made it to 43 days last time but I feel so many things about drinking there's so much in my head. Any words of advice?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I didn't start drinking heavily until 18 but I was allowed a glass of wine with dinner if I wanted it starting at about 14. I think my relationship with alcohol was always unhealthy. Are you able to see a therapist? That was a good first step for me to take cognitive behavioral therapy can help us to challenge those thoughts that swirl around and seem to control us. I also got help by joining Refuge Recovery and making sober friends. Best wishes!
Yes I suggest focusing on not drinking just for today. I also felt INSANELY overwhelmed when I thought about a sober life - I didn't know how I'd go out to dinner or celebrate the new year or get engaged or see a movie etc etc. I couldn't think about all that I had to just focus on what was right in front of me - the next minute hour etc. ..I also went to AA meetings which I still find so helpful. ..Good luck! 
I found the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace to be really eye-opening and helpful - you can get it free in the side bar. 
I first drank around 12 by 14 my mates and I were in the pub regularly or buying cider from the off licence. I didn't have a skewed relationship with alcohol because of my age but rather because of my addictive personality. It was gonna happen eventually. 
I remember the first drinking party I went to was when I was 14 or 15.  I drank 1 or 2 beers and got wasted and was running around outside out of control.  I went to keg parties in H.S. where people stood around and got drunk on keg beer.  I think it was a bad foundation for alcohol consumption.  I did not drink much in college I worked and studied all the time.  I do remember getting pretty drunk a few times like at a frat party and celebration after finals though.  I won't drink with you today.
