-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6pxxid/i_relapsed_early_this_week_and_i_wrote_a_little/

I have had this idealistic dream of a time when I can drink and use drugs in a responsible manner. I keep thinking that maybe someday I can go out with my friends just have a beer or two and keep myself under control. I believe that dream lead me to relapsing last Sunday. I didn't even really drink that much; enough to black out and have a hang over but not anywhere near my worst nights. What came along with this relapse was all the negative thoughts and anger that have essentially become my life since I don't even know when. These thoughts persisted for days after I actually drank. I have reset my badge and I hope to get that number up to 365. My decision to not drink is more than a simple eschewance of alcohol. It is a rejection of all of the negative self-destructive behavior that I have allowed to seep into my life. It is a commitment to improving myself on a fundamental level...I have collected some of my thoughts into this little poem...    Sobriety is not drinking..    Sobriety is not smoking..    Sobriety is waking up in the morning..    Sobriety is drinking water..    Sobriety is exercising..    Sobriety is meditating. .    Sobriety is being productive with my time..    Sobriety is working towards my goals..    Sobriety is not being ashamed of myself..    Sobriety is not taking out my problems on my body..    Sobriety is dealing with my depression not drowning it out..    Sobriety is taking charge of my life and my mind...    Sobriety is the life I want to lead...What does sobriety mean to you?..
----------immediate responses--------

Honesty 
Sobriety is having the balls to be yourself and not hiding behind a bottle 
Sobriety is being present in my life 
Sobriety is being grateful for my blessings
Sobriety is the gift of life 
Sobriety is having a life taking it one day at a time instead of erasing your life one night at a time. 
Sobriety is self respect .Sobriety is loving all the parts of me
Sobriety is making mistakes..Sobriety is forgiving yourself..Sobriety is hard as all hell.
Sobriety is anything and everything that being drunk isn't.!  It's taking whatever that my be like a grown up and being able to handle the tough and enjoy the beauty!
Sobriety is caring for yourself 
