-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6q3ce9/i_was_a_chronic_relapser7_months_yesterday/

7 months no alcohol. It is possible to stop and stay stopped. Through meditation AA opening the idea of a relationship with God I'm happier than ever before. I'm actually living life today. No more bondage from drinking. Thoughts are just thoughts. I'm living in the "now" and I'm free!!!!!..Thank you SD!   
----------immediate responses--------

Hell..Yes!!!!!
Living in the now and Free??  Woo-Hoo!  What more is there?  I won't drink with you today.
Congratulations 
Great job Billy. 
This is fantastic!  Magnificent!  Amazing!  Stupendous!  So freaking cool I've run out of synonyms!  What you did is truly an inspiration.  Great job on 7 months and I won't drink with you today!
That is good news! Thank you for sharing it. Cheers (with coffee) to your freedom and to the "now."..
woohoo! great to hear!
7 Months!!!! Wooohooo girl!!!! Congratulations - beautiful! xo &lt;3
Awesome! I won't drink with you today!
Well done! I'm a chronic relapser and this gives me hope. 
So encouraging to hear. Fellow relapser here. 2 weeks ago I tried doing things the right way. Being completely open and honest with my wife and my friends. I've got a great counselor am doing some great reading as well as practicing mindfulness and meditation. Exercising when possible too. Good stuff. Thanks for the encouragement!
Chronic relapser here. Congrats on 7 months you give me hope as I haven't been able to get past 4 months. I will not drink with you today.
So happy for you.  Can you tell me what "clicked" for you or when you realized that this time was different?
That was me too. I'm just over 5 months in this time the longest I've ever gone without a drink and I'm honestly not sure what changed this time around but it feels different... The cravings still pop up but the obsession is mostly gone...Feeling strong and confident in my sobriety right now for which I am very very grateful...Not drinking with you today!
Way to go!
This is inspiring to me and super helpful thanks and great job!
Yay BillySami!! So glad you're here.
Congratulations 
Got to reset the badge.  Thank you for sharing. 
This is really awesome to hear! I am a chronic relapser as well so it's good to know there is hope! Soooo happy for you! Keep it up!
Meditation 
