-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6q81ff/new_to_sd_long_post_awaits/

Hey everyone happy Friday. I'm new to sd. A little about me I'm 31 and I was an all day every day whiskey drinker from age 19-24. Like I would have DTS if I didn't drink then I became a weekend drinker until about 28. Since 28 I have struggled with long spurts of sober the making the mistake of thinking I can drink in moderation (yeah right) and end up binge drinking and leave a path of damage in my wake. I got to 11 months 3 weeks sober this year in May and broke it and since then drank about 4 times Everytime a blackout and binge. Last Friday I went on a binge that had me walking down the side of the highway hiding from my family and cussing out my dad's new gf that I just met that day. Breaking my new S8 phone and pissing off my best friend. I had bruises and cigarette burns on me the next morning and my boyfriend had packed up and left by the time I made it home (I was out of town when this happened) he came back with some stipulations for me..So I'm getting into therapy to deal with some long term issues but I still feel so shameful of last weekend I can't let go of that guilt and self hate. I don't think he will ever love me like he did and he doesn't understand mental illness or alcohol issues bc he can drink a few beers and stop. Im just not feeling well. I'm not craving alcohol but I want to right my wrongs. I have apologized to everyone a million times since then but still feel like shit a week later to where I don't want to leave the house. I don't know wether to make convo with my bf or family. I don't know what to do with myself. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey there. You're in good company here. I have had a lot of success with individual counseling so I hope that helps and I bet it will. I know I made a bunch of messes drinking that I am still sorting out and will for a few years yet. All we can do is keep on keepin' on...Welcome to SD!
I was a *terrible* drunk as in I often behaved terribly to people when I was on a binge.  So I can really relate.  I know it's hard but we have to set aside the guilt to get sober.  Otherwise the self-loathing can just fuel continued cycles of drinking and regret.   And actions speak louder than words to the people in our lives.  Good for you for taking steps to fix the problem by breaking the cycle.  I will join you in not drinking today! 
Welcome most of us came in with serious baggage.  Often similar to yours you will be fine...BTW that's not long at least to me.  Keep sharing.
the best thing you can do for your bf and family is by your actions. words can only go so far. you can do this and youre in the right place
