-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6q9tv3/i_decided_i_would_drink_again_today/

It's my partners birthday and we are away for a long weekend at the snow. All weekend long everyone has been drinking and it's been a struggle. I decided this morning I am doing so well I deserve to drink for just one day. I picked up my boyfriends beer and went to take a sip then I thought well I've held out this long I may as well wait until we are at the pub for lunch and I can get a wine. At the pub I went to order a wine then thought well I've made it this long I may as well wait until tonight when we will crack open the champagne. .I've just realised it's now bed time and I haven't actually drunk! After having intense cravings all day I somehow ended up getting distracted cooking dinner and putting kids to bed etc and not actually drinking even though I had convinced myself I would..Feeling so proud right now! 
----------immediate responses--------

One day at a time or one minute at a time if need be. Just don't pick up that first drink. Its the first one that gets you.
Wow. You rock! Way to go! ..I will not be drinking with you today. 
So very interesting that you consciously decided to drink yet didn't.  How different is that from the old you? Most of my drinking days were spent not even thinking about it it was just automatic. Well done and a lesson learned. ..I will not drink with you today 
Wow - well done! Amazing work and next time will be even easier!
Well done you!  
ODAAT
Thanks for this. I'll remember your story in the future. It's a brilliant example of one hour at a time...one day at a time... Well done you!
You passed some major tests today.  You hit three or more forks in the road today and chose the right path each time and now you're stronger for it.  So very proud of you.
And u probably feel so much better that u didn't
So inspiring... good for you!!
I love it!
Good!  
Awesome awesome 
I don't have to quit drinking *forever* but I am not going to drink *today*. ..As long as it's today I'm staying sober...IWNDWYT
Good news!! keep it up
It's crazy how cathartic and distracting the real world can be without booze to take you away from the sheer complexity of it all. Good on you for not falling into self fulfilling prophecy. 
I'm proud of you too!  WTG!  You got this.  I won't drink with you today.
Right on! :) So awesome!..
Good job! Family situations can be extra challenging and you did it! I won't drink with you today. 
Good for you!!.Keep up the good work.
Nice job!
That's so awesome! Inspirational. 
The Power of Procrastination 
Wow! Good for you!!
That's amazing!! So happy for you!
This was really really hard for me to read...it's easy for me to fall into the fallacious logic of "I've been sober for 270+ days I should just try to reintroduce alcohol and this time I'll be in control!"..But I'd much rather find myself in bed at bedtime having had nothing to do with booze and reminded of the actual truth: that it will never help me and can only harm me...So..so hard to know that when all you see is people living in the moment with drinks in their hands. :(..Well done!.
[removed]
great!  good for you - remember this day!  .  .not drinking with you today!
Yay!!!!...
Thanks. I needed this.
As someone that "decided " I could drink one day when I had about 9 months let me tell you it wasn't worth it. I was trying to pace myself and all that jazz. Being sober totally ruins drinking so I'm glad you didn't have to experience that shame and guilt!
Nice! This sounds similar to literally every single day this past week for me. Mid afternoon I say to myself "I've been a good boy so I get to have a little party." ..Then I forget to drop by the liquor store on the way home from work -- maybe because I'm just barely out of the habit of doing so. Then I think "Well as long as I'm feeling good about myself I might as well pick up dinner out and I can get some booze while I'm at it!" ..Then I get distracted by something fun to do that takes longer than I thought it would or I get sleepy or I just kind of lose interest or otherwise forget that I totally intended to get blurred. Instead I end up staying in and staying sober. ..No shit I just got home from running errands and fully intended to get some vodka for tonight. I forgot that one thing...and now I just can't be bothered. ..I used to drink every day without even really thinking about it. It's a bit early to tell at barely over 30 days but right now it seems almost like I lost all my skill and ability to be a decent drunk! :)
We deserve a drink just one like everyone else. We DONT deserve all the shit that comes after it after the 10 or so that inevitably follow. We deserve to keep our life by not taking that first one. 
When I first quit I sometimes could only stay quit a minute then another minute then another...Making a day of those minutes was hard but I strung together those minutes made days from those and weeks and months from those...I forget to notice my third year mark sometime about a week ago...It gets easier I find days I think about drinking I also have days I'm so grateful I don't. Being clear minded is amazing...Have a great rest of your trip; I'm not drinking with you today.
Good for you.
