-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qc24g/things_i_learned_from_relapsing_after_15_years_of/

I had 575 days of sobriety until last night. Last night I decided to throw away a year and a half of sobriety on a whim. As far as relapses go it was pretty bland - I had 2 drinks with a friend while we played with his VR headset - but I came away from it pretty shaken. It didn't help that I have a breathalyzer in my car and it took until 4 am for my BAC to get low enough to drive home (despite never at any point blowing close to the legal level). I came home and was an overdramatic baby to my partner and now I'm feeling better but still feeling crappy over all of it. Here's what I learned: ..1) Relapsing does not make me a bad person. ..I felt like a bad person for relapsing after being sober for so long and being so proud of myself for my sobriety...but I really haven't ever done anything *that* bad in my life. At least nothing that wasn't related to mental illness. But relapsing even in the most lowkey way possible put me in that headspace for a while...2) Relapsing can happen at any time..I was at a friend's house. We were doing something fun that requires some amount of sobriety to do safely. This friend hardly drinks anything. He has seen too many of my drunken antics to possibly think that pressuring me to drink is a good idea and in fact kind of was my sobriety babysitter during early sobriety. He is the last person I feel pressured to drink around. And yet I relapsed. ..3) I need to be kind and forgiving to myself..Addiction is complicated for anyone to deal with and I have bipolar I on top of that. I've been on an upswing lately which sounds good but also involves a lot of reckless behavior and impulsive behavior. I need to remember to take that into account when I'm dealing with sobriety stuff. Mental illness is no excuse but can offer some perspective. I have a bad habit of being too hard on myself when I make mistakes so this rule is especially important for me. Otherwise I might wind up relapsing again...4) Relapsing doesn't have to be dramatic..I'm pretty sure my friend was more drunk than me and he wasn't even *that* drunk. The most exciting thing that happened was when I slipped and fell on my butt while playing with the VR headset. Not all relapses are gigantic benders but it doesn't change the fact that they are relapses. ..5) I didn't un-learn the lessons I learned from sobriety..Last night I felt like I had thrown away something I was really proud of on a whim. But I still had 1.5 years of sobriety under my belt. I still learned a lot from that 1.5 years and changed my life around for the better. I can start over and do better than I did before. ..6) Starting over may suck but it doesn't suck as bad as I thought..Yeah it sucks that I relapsed. I feel crappy about it. But today is a new day. I can start over from here. I'm not the same person I was when I was struggling with sobriety years ago. I'm not dealing with horrible withdrawals I just feel a little groggy. As far as first days sober goes this isn't nearly as hard as many of my other first days. I was honest about what happened with both my friend and my partner had an honest dialogue with my partner about how it made me feel and I don't feel like it negatively impacted any part of my life other than my self esteem. I'm going to redouble my efforts go to that one AA meeting I really liked and maybe get past step 5 - I never really completed the 12 steps and this seems like a good time to do it. Starting over isn't necessarily a scarlet letter. It can be a chance to do better...7) I need to be honest with my loved ones about relapses..I think if I had been dishonest I would feel a lot worse and it would negatively impact my relationship with my partner. As it stands I was honest with him had an honest dialogue about how it made both of us feel and he was able to be supportive of me when I was in a really dark mental place afterward. Me being honest with him about relapsing made relapsing strengthen our relationship rather than deteriorating it. If I had lied I would be feeling crappier than I already am and it would have negatively impacted my relationship..8) Alcohol kinda sucks..It tasted bad I disliked the feeling of being drunk and I have a breathalyzer in my car so I was locked out of it for hours. Then on top of that despite having a generally bad experience with alcohol and not having any *actual* interest in drinking more my stupid alcoholic brain had to go "yes but you should drink more" and I had to deal with some lowkey cravings the rest of the night. Alcohol kinda sucks now that I'm not drinking it all the time...9) Most importantly I am never done learning..I thought I had this sobriety thing in the bag because I had 1.5 years of sobriety without needing all the rehabs and the meetings and all that nonsense. I was *very* wrong. I don't think I will ever be done learning about sobriety. ...Relapsing sucks. There are no two ways about it. Whether you have a giant bender or just have a drink with some friends it is no fun. But it doesn't have to be some horrible life-altering thing. Hopefully the lessons I learned can help.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds good! I'm with you starting again after a bad choice!
I would count the days sober vs not. So in your case you have been sober 550 days to 1 where you had a couple of drinks. You aren't back at zero. Now keep adding to the 550. 
[removed]
Thanks for sharing.  Let's keep on keeping on!  I  won't drink with you today.
Great relections and I think you hit upon a great point. I hesitate to say this because some people could take it the wrong way but sometimes you actually *need* a relapse. Sometimes we get so obsessed with our streak or our day count that we forget to put the actual work in of bettering our lives. Having a relapse can slow us down bring us back to earth make us reflect on why it happened and what overwhelmed us and then move on. I mean it still sucks but it's not the end of the world.
Good on you for having such clarity in this event. Proud of you! You've got this go around. One day at a time :) Stay strong and like you said don't forget that you've already made so much progress and learned so much :) You have a far better tool box this time around the block :)
I'm curious as to what you were thinking when you had that first drink? 
Thank you for sharing this incredibly thoughtful post - you've done amazingly well and will continue to do so - I will not drink with you today 
An important share to tell everyone how sneaky alcohol is! I drank after 9 months and it was totally not worth it except that it made this last almost year a lot easier because now I KNOW that drinking doesn't work for me. 
Those are great lessons. Thanks for sharing.
Honesty is the most important part of recovery for me anyhow...Don't be too hard on yourself. Often the unrealistic expectations that we as alcoholics set for ourselves are the main triggers for a relapse. ..That being said I don't look at your experience as a relapse per say. It's just a slip. A slip can turn into a relapse because of the guilt one feels...You can do this. Don't let your slip turn into a relapse. We all make mistakes. It seems like you are really analyzing it. It'll be OK. I won't drink with you today. ..In a previous period of sobriety I experienced a slip and then a year later a true relapse. You'll know the difference but I have faith that you won't have to experience it.
I had almost 146 days.  Went to rehab for the 3rd time went into sober living.  Started sneaking drinks into the facility.  Started drinking at and before work.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  I think all the head trauma I suffered as a (an elite) hockey player growing up and being forced to retire because of it has shaken me.  I lost my identity I lost what made me who I was I don't know anything else besides being an athlete.  It's hard.  I've been on a weeklong bender and I feel like shit.  ..I was so healthy and happy sober but I can't fucking stop myself from going to the liquor store.  Rehab doesn't help if you're not at your core ready to change and I don't think I'll ever get there.  I've been at rock bottom It didn't help.  It didn't thrust me into a life of sobriety.  ..I lost it when I found my girlfriend with whom I had been living with for several months was doing heroin behind my back.  She died and now I'm just lost and fucked.  I'm using this account as a throwaway it's old want to keep my main account hidden.  How do you get through this shit?  Alcohol is killing me I drink a liter a day of vodka.  It has to be killing me.  I need to stop but I fucking can't.
You have incredible resilience!  My first relapse I let myself spiral into self-pity and it took a year and a half before I forgave myself enough to try again.  Thank you so much for sharing - I am saving this post in case I ever drink again as a reminder to be honest and kind with myself.
After a bunch of false starts Vivitrol injections really helped get through the first four months or so. It really made my cravings non-existent which I think in my case really helped reset my brain because instead of settling into a routine of constantly fighting cravings I genuinely got used to just not having cravings at all. I've been off it for about 3 months now and I recently specifically stopped going to my Kaiser substance abuse groups because it was the only time I really thought intensely about alcohol. I recently switched over to their regular behavioral health program because I wanted to start working more on the underlying depression.
#9 is what resonates most with me. I still have to think about it maybe not every day but more often that you'd think.
Good lessons here.  Thx for posting.  I will not drink with you today!
I like your 5th insight.  I had a year of sobriety and am now back working at it again.  Between was a year and a half of moderate to ever increasing heavy drinking back to full fledged alcohol abuse.  Now I am back trying again. The positive experiences I had during that year of sobriety are very helpful in supporting my efforts this time.  Thanks for your share.  
I don't want to sound disrespectful but isn't this a good thing. It shows that you can drink alcohol without having to get written off drunk. Because the real tempation is to not stop. You showed that you can drink but know when to stop. To me counting days is a negative thing because you haven't really beaten the desire of alcohol you have just refused to test how strong you are as to know when to stop drinking. So I say you have beaten your temptation because you knew when to stop congratulations. 
