-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qf0ik/thank_you_to_everyone_who_posted_their_support_on/

I'm so happy I found this sub.  Not only were the comments great but I always underestimated how much it actually would help to read stories from people with the same and similar struggles.  Not only did those comments make me feel empowered to combat the 100 excuses in my head to keep drinking not only did they assure me that I'm not just alone in this but they gave me hope.  If you guys can wake up every day and fight this demon I'm ready to join you.  ..Someone mentioned that I've probably been trying to cut back and its not working.  That's absolutely right should have been obvious to myself I feel but coming to accept the fact for the first time feels like supreme enlightenment.  I feel like trying to cut back for me is like trying to fight someone 100lbs more than me of pure muscle and getting my ass kicked every time.  Someone who knocks you down and keeps kicking your ass.  And it feels like not picking up the first drink is like just not getting in the arena to get my ass kicked.  Except its even worse because there is no gym where you can work out at to get stronger at cutting back so I'll just have to stop picking up a drink and getting my ass kicked...I've decided to replace drinking with meals that I enjoy.  Not binge eating or putting my health at risk.  I just mean stop eating dirt cheap meals so I can spend $60-$120 at a bar with a bunch of old men...I won't post every day I don't want to spam the sub but I would like to keep posting my progress if that's ok like someone suggested.  I'm torn between AA and this program in my town called addicts to athletes but I know I need something I can't do this alone...Thank everyone again.  I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Even if you posted every day- you wouldn't be spamming. This is exactly why this sub exists. I can't wait to follow your progress! 
I love treating myself at the spa with the money I'm saving. A deluxe pedicure or massage will completely change my mood :)
I wish I had access to an addicts to athletes group - that sounds awesome. 
"If you guys can wake up every day and fight this demon I'm ready to join you."..Sometimes this journey requires that I fight the demon. Sometimes it requires that I sit with the demon and listen to it. Sometimes I see "the demon" is a child that just wanted love and forgiveness. But much of the time I feel peace because the real battle that was going on every day is over. I walked away. That's all we have to do is walk away. And it is a couragous act. Not a cowardly one.
