-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qi8jd/are_you_surprised_that_i_relapsed_again/

I'm a hamster spinning on a wheel going round and round making the same mistakes wondering why things aren't different. I have nobody to blame but myself I am my own worst enemy. I can be a good boy some of the time then I give in and binge drink. Then I hate myself for 3 days straight. When will I ever learn? I fear I never will just like clockwork sober for a couple weeks then right back to the bottle.
----------immediate responses--------

Ever try a meeting?
You were two or so weeks sober and that's fantastic! Next time it could be 3 weeks then 4. Keep doing it for you - you are worth it.
I had to find a fundamental reason to not drink to get me over the ~1 week or so hump. You've proven you CAN go without drinking. I'll bet with some pretty simple addition to your toolbelt you can successfully take it to the next level. A sponsor? Meetings? New hobbies? A better support system?..For me it was really truly accepting that if I continued the cycle I would die. Or rather it was finally truly accepting that I didn't WANT to die. I already knew my drinking would eventually kill me. Best of luck to you...you can do this.
I'm stuck in the same cycle right now -- sometimes I go one month sometimes one or two weeks.  Once I start feeling better again I stop doing the self-maintenance that keeps me sober.  I'm a lot better off than I was in the beginning when going without drinking for more than two days was a real trial but I need to finally stop for good...Do you get real life support?  I don't.  And I'm starting to feel like an idiot because there are so many people in here saying they couldn't do it without that support yet here I am going "Why can't I do this?" and ignoring real advice that I haven't tried yet...Anyway hope you feel better soon.  The self-hatred period is rough.
I recently wrote this.  Maybe you could give it a try because nothing changes until something changes:..&gt; At least in the beginning I needed In Real Life support from AA until I got a good hold on my addiction. Nothing I was doing on my own was working. I'd wake up feeling like crap and swear it off for good but after the hangover faded I was back at it and the cycle repeated itself. I hated myself because I had no control over this demon who would take over my brain.     .I used to make a deal with myself that if I wanted to drink I had to go to a meeting first. If I still wanted to drink after the meeting then I could. ...The meetings worked every time and I didn't drink. I know you've been struggling with this for a long time so perhaps you could give that a try. Good luck and blessings to you.     .Edit to revise: Actually No a meeting didn't help every time. However after a few weeks what they were "selling" started to slowly sink into my brain --and then it did work every time and I haven't looked back!
I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
[removed]
Nothing changes nothing changes.   Doing it alone is the harder road.  Try smart refuge recovery AA hell go dance with Hari Krishna convert to Mormonism for all I care but do something different.   And that includes not feeling sorry for yourself 
Hey I hated myself a lot too. It was like a never-ending cycle a catch 22. But this sub helped me learn to be kinder to myself. I love how when people post relapse posts other people don't beat them up because that's always my first reaction is to think I'm worthless and how come other people can stop drinking and I can't etc etc. ..But all the people on this sub are just like you and me. And they can't all be worthless :) alcohol is addictive and that takes time and a lot of support to leave behind. We are all here to support you. It helped me to be really kind to myself at the start trying to avoid difficult/stressful situations and indulging in other ways like food and fun activities and leaving chores on the back burner while I got a little time under my belt. Anyway we are all here for ya glad you've come back.
what happened to me was that I had plans to hangout with friends but the plans got canceled so I binge drank out of boredom :'(
