-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qkdst/fear/

Ever since I was a child I've been afraid. I remember  taking 0s in grade school rather than have to face the teacher with my late assignment. I was afraid of my dad coming to yell at me if I got to loud. I was afraid of letting my team and friends down in games and sports. I was afraid of a lot. ..I used alcohol as a teenager to cover up this fear and continued this habit until now at 29. I stilled felt anxious everyday but would cover it up with alcohol and never saw what it really was. Fear. Anxiety. ..Now that I'm sober again I can feel the anxiety and fear again. I've been working a lot with mindfulness and meditation and it has helped a lot. However I still feel fear everyday. Fear of upsetting others fear of failure fear of not being good enough fear of certain social interactions etc... ..I'm hoping to hear from others who've been down the same road after recovering from alcoholism. What worked for you? Where do you struggle? I'd be so grateful just to hear from others who can relate with me. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

I've just recently cracked through a major emotional roadblock. It's not exactly like yours but the manifestation was the same: anxiety. I've been in treatment for anxiety and depression my entire adulthood and should have been in treatment before that. I was always treating the symptoms though as I had not yet discovered the real root of the problem. I pieced the root together actually just about a month ago and it was helped so so so much. And I definitely would not have been in the space to work through it had I been drinking...I am so completely grateful to still be alive. To still be growing and healing. To be moving forward again. Still much work to do but for maybe the first time in my life I am NOT struggling with emotional issues. At least not in the way I used to. ..But I've been in and out of therapy and on and off medication my entire life...even hospitalized against my will more than once under suicide watch. ..Good for you for working through this stuff. Good for you for moving forward. It makes me so happy to see people even strangers making positive change. Huge huge congrats.
This was one of the "core elements" of my dysfunction with alcoholism as a primary symptom.   Stopping drinking becoming less an asshole more competent at work and home all helped - as did the steps in AA.  My 4th step inventory included looking at the "not good enough" myth I had been believing and with subsequent steps ceasing to believe it.
What works for me: Realizing all those things are just not that important. If they happen the world travels on. We as individuals are simply not that important and will be forgotten after death (you know for the most part)-so lighten up. Good wishes. 
My mom always suffered from constant fear and anxiety and worry and when she began to see me exhibit the same tendencies she recommended I read the book *Hope and Help for your Nerves*. My mom is in the medical profession so she doesn't recommend self-help-type books lightly. It's all about seeing your anxiety from a different perspective--it really did help me and helped her a lot too. I haven't read it in a long time so I don't know if it holds up but it might be worth checking out if you haven't already. 
One thing I did was go to an AA meeting and when the opportunity to suggest a topic came up I said: Fear. People volunteered their struggles and victories over fear. False Expectations Appearing Real is an acronym that's helped me some and I got that from that meeting. 
