-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qmuer/one_week_sober_need_a_community/

Seven days sober   ..I know I need to find a community in order to stay sober but I am so intimidated and ashamed to go to an AA meeting even though I am doing a 12 step program. So here I am. I hope this helps. ..I didn't ever feel like I hit rock bottom but my entire family is comprised of alcoholics and during a drunken fight a little over a week ago we all terrified my young niece and nephew with our yelling. The shame was enough to make me give it up for good. I am still going back and forth between feeling like I truly do have an issue and that I'm making a bigger deal than this needs to be. ..The thing is I also have a problem with compulsive/emotional overeating and now that I'm not drinking the urge to eat for comfort is overwhelming. If that doesn't reveal the depth of my addiction I'm not sure what does...I'm looking for support from friends who don't understand. I'm struggling with resentment of friends who reinforced my addiction. The emotions are overwhelming and tonight my best friend really laid into me for not attending a meeting yet. I asked her to hold me accountable but she wouldn't stop putting me down for what she perceived to be lame excuses for not "doing the work".  I'm trying really I am. ..I'm hoping I can find some sense of community and some motivation to keep going. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I ate a lot of tacos today because I couldn't drink. It was good and sucked at the same time. You can do this. If you need a person to speak to let me know. I'm a bad person but I am trying. I hope you can do well. 
(My opinion is that) one of the strengths of AA and other support groups is the power of the group who share a common goal and common struggles. If you want to join an online group I think it can help. I just posted for the first time a few minutes ago and I already feel encouraged. :)
My family is full of alcoholics also and I am super codependent (for lack of a better word) and reactionary. I have forged through so much of life on my own it is hard to ask for help but it really feels good. I plan to stick around on here also.
I have actually been in Alanon for a while went to AA years ago for a short stint. I am definitely thinking of going back but I know the community already and we have groups that I like/feel comfortable with in my area. Not everyone has that so I can't insist you would have a good experience if that makes sense. There are good online 12-step forums in addition to this one that I used to visit. Reddit may be the best for me now because I'm on it everyday looking at other stuff haha. If you do decide to try an in-person meeting just know you don't have to talk if you don't want you don't have to believe in "God" for it to help and if it's not a fit try a different group or heck so be it. My dad has been sober for 25 years and doesn't work any programs unless you count his golf game. :)
Keep reaching out here. I will be around 
Hey! I am good. Had dinner with a friend last night and ordered tea instead of wine. Reading This Naked Mind and that is helping. How about you?
