-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qw4ek/i_failed_but_didnt_drink/

Yesterday morning I failed. Not in a big way and not in a relapse way. But from a personal standpoint. Rewind a couple of days Sunday evening as we returned from a family outing my wife being tired and in a feminine grumpy way jumped dead into my shit about something I assumed to be a truth. I mean the whole cutting me off mid-sentence yelling etc...after that I didn't get upset just kept my mind and body busy doing housework while I processed my anger and disbelief over the situation. Yesterday  morning rolls around and it was like nothing happened. She didn't apologize but that is nothing new. On to my failure Sunday night we discussed that I was going to take our daughter to soccer camp for 8am. I stuck around the house to wait until the time to leave then Ash hopped in the truck with Beth to leave. I kind of flipped out blew my cool. Because I had waited around to take her. We parted ways angry on a Monday morning. But unlike about a year ago I got on the phone with my wife right away and explained myself said I was sorry for blowing up and unlike a year ago she listened accepted and didn't hold onto it. The new communication and honesty that has been injected into our relationship facilitated this exchange. And this honesty and passionate desire to make things right IMMEDIATELY not to dwell on it or twist it in my magical magnifying mind to clear the air of any resentments and admit fault is a breath of fresh air. Continued honesty is the foundation and daily sobriety is the result. A year ago I would probably have missed work Monday or called in sick just to drown my sorrows. Not today. Not ANY day. Keep moving forward not looking back.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job.  Rewiring those kinds of negative patterns was HUGE for me.  It was tough to start seeing the events that *lead* me to drink but when I did it made it a lot easier for me not to drink.
&gt;not to dwell on it or twist it in my magical magnifying mind to clear the air of any resentments and admit fault is a breath of fresh air...The sign of a Spiritual Warrior!
Man that's nothing like failure for you or your wife.
[deleted]
Way to go! I basically had to learn to fail all over again in sobriety. I was so used to drinking my problems away..
Gotta have tools to build the house. Sounds like you have them
You said something about women and their periods didn't you!! ;-)  In all seriousness you did a great job. You were upset for a valid reason with the soccer thing you expressed it in a way you hope to improve and you worked through it honestly and efficiently. Real talk: that's pretty damn good. It sounds A LOT easier and...more remedial than it actually is.  I've met life coaches who can't do that! (I really have.)
