-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qwfft/day_25_insight_living_life_like_a_novel_instead/

Last night I was sitting on my porch reading about economics and I realized that I've learned and actually *retained* more over the course of the last 3+ weeks sober than I have at any time in the last five or six years of drinking...It struck me that as a binger I have basically been living episodically -- two days sober / sort of productive / read a few chapters of a book followed by one day drinking and one day struggling hungover / forgetting everything I read or at least failing to truly integrate it into my mind. For years and years now I haven't given myself any time to actually fully digest and make connections between any interesting ideas. It's like binging some series I just watch out of boredom on Netflix -- it passes the time but the next day you barely have any recollection of it. I essentially just stood still intellectually for hours or days...Sobriety feels comparatively like living an epic novel. I am learning every day and building on that new knowledge through research experience and clear thought. It's so much better than struggling through a series of disjointed forgettable short stories for years on end. It's like painting a massive canvass where I just had obscure snapshots before.
----------immediate responses--------

I love that idea. I'm recently coming to the same realization but didn't have the words to put to it yet so thank you! I recently had a very intense personal breakthrough where all these seemingly disparate events in my life clicked into place and I made sense out of ALL of them at once as one single arc instead of seeing them as separate bizarre occurrences. Even if they aren't ACTUALLY connected it helped me process them all. And like you say it's the backbone of my novel. They ARE connected if by nothing else by being my story...Thanks for those words. Let's keep writing!
Love this thought--thanks for sharing!
Great analogy and post thanks for sharing OP!..FWIW though - I stay away from assigning meaning or a sense of fate to anything. The positive outcomes are evolving and arising interdependently as a result of your positive choices/actions. Crediting things to fate can be fine while things are going well but it can become a very slippery slope when things eventually (and inevitably) take a turn for the more difficult.
This is great thanks!
I completely agree with this idea. When sober I can build up momentum and see myself making progress in my life but as soon as I return to the booze it immediately stops this momentum and progress dead in its tracks. That project you started becomes void. Those ideas you were formulating vanish. Then when you return from your booze haze you're back to square one...Fuck that. I will not drink with you today.
What a great analogy! Thanks :-)
Great analogy I can relate. Thanks for this
hello sober twin! I have leraned to love reading too and also enjoy the films more as i remember the ending better.  I was watching a film (Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy) and it ended differently to how I remembered.  I still wonder how many other films out there are like that too lol ..Let us not drink today :)
