-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6qzrgi/how_many_people_are_in_recovery_going_to_aa_and/

My partner is pushing AA I am thinking its not the thing to do im trying out an online meeting today. I was sober for 11 months on my own yes I relapsed but I am a binge drinker so I can stay sober for long periods of time I am not religious at all but to my partner AA is what is goingto prove im trying I think one on one conseling is what is going to do it for me. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm currently not going to any form of in-person meeting however I am considering a non-AA alternative (Refuge Recovery/SMART).
I don't do AA but have been to many meetings in my life. The program is not for me but there are many sober wise people with useful tools you can adopt. 
I have not been to an AA meeting although I checked out where my local spot was. I honestly have not felt compelled to go.         .Maybe my needs will change over time So I'm not ruling out the possibility. Honestly I prefer the stealthy approach that SD has offered me And I find all kinds of support here when I've needed it.      .
I don't do AA. My brother does SMART and loves it.
A lot of people only know AA and not the science or even what AA is about. It isn't going to be for everyone. That being said my agnostic ass is at a meeting now. Well actually I showed up early to help setup. Meeting is still 15 mins away. I probably won't go forever but I'm trying to do this from every angle that I can right now. It gives me a reason not to drink before the meeting and after a meeting I have even less desire. I've never drank after a meeting.
I have used SMART. Loved it. Currently using AA also love it. ..Well... I mean I never regret going to a meeting. Maybe love is too strong a word. Haha. 
I don't do AA but my sibling does.
I go to AA something like one to six times a month probably. More in the beginning.
Google an empowering article online titled "Let Me Do Sobriety My Way" -- just throwing it out as food for thought.
I went to one AA meeting after I left detox and decided it wasn't for me (I'm an atheist but that isn't the only reason). Not dogging AA at all as it clearly works for some but it isn't for everyone. 
Much like SD I found people in AA who knew exactly what I was going through and wanted to help. Yes I love SD and Dinos but there's just something about being in a room with real people.  ..If I hadn't gone to AA I would be dead right now.
Checking out different meetings doesn't hurt.  I personally attended online Smart meetings in person refuge recovery meetings and got a therapist.  
I go to AA a few times a week and I'm an atheist.  I've met so many wonderful and supportive people there.  I'd ask  what's the harm in going to see for yourself? I've found that I only make things harder on myself when I decide something isn't for me without experiencing it for myself.  Who knows  it might make the difference. 
I did 6 days of detox then went to 2 or 3 AA meetings.  I just leaned on this board and family / friends... still going strong .everyone does things different .. find your path and start the journey 
