-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6r0i4b/went_to_the_corner_store_for_milk/

And I only purchased milk. I've had a hundred items on file that I regularly forget when doing groceries so I have to quickly 'run out' only to come back with a 1.5L of wine which is gone within 2 hours. Wasn't even tempted tonight. I've quit and relapsed so many times over the past decade I'm 49 and my time is running out to get my health back. I'm doing it this time not because I'm rock bottom but because I want it...Today is day 6 and I will not drink with you today
----------immediate responses--------

Woo! Congrats!!
congrats!! not drinking with you today!
Good for you!  Way to go! 
Very good!  Keep it up!
Good for you!  I used to do the same thing but now i feel so free to go to the store and even go near the wine but choose not to get any because i refuse to poison myself.  I drink y iced tea and is so refreshing to know I'll get up happy and ready to enjoy the day. 
That's awesome. I won't drink with you!
Awesome!
Isn't nice when you reach that point... "I'm doing it this time not because I'm rock bottom but because I want it."  I will not drink with you today.  
Me too... I realized it didn't have to get any worse than it had.
Yay congrats today is day 7 for me!!! We got this! I am same. 39 wasn't a defining moment but need to get my shit together! 
Nice work! Not drinking with you tonight! 
 &gt;&gt;  I'm 49 and my time is running out to get my health back. ..Yessss.  45 here will be 46 in a couple of months. One of my biggest worries is that someday will literally be too late to quit especially as I get older and with 25+ years of solid hardcore drinking in my wake. ..Anyway good luck! And I will not drink with you today. Be well. 
Congrats! Stick around here if you like not drinking today. It's what we do every day! :) 
It took me many attempts and who knows maybe I'm not done yet but I learn with each failure. I'm older than you and yes you begin to see the clock running down which helps. I want my kids to remember me as a sober man. One thing is for sure it's worth it. I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong. You can do it!
Yeah the "damn I forgot the . . " So familiar such crap. I worry about my time running out on my health as well. I've spent more than half my life drinking like a fiend. Way to go on coming home with the milk. Only the milk. 
Yay! I had that feeling at the store yesterday. I had to buy something near the wine aisle and I .... walked away. Today is my day 2 and I will not drink with you today! 
