-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6r2zgm/i_miss_drinking_so_much/

I miss how it could help me relax I miss how I didn't have to try with life when I was drinking how I could just not have to make the effort with life and could just give up. But most importantly I miss how it would take my mind off things. Drink is looking pretty good to me now of course I'll keep fighting though but it's a struggle. 
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you !
I find mediation helps me to "take my mind off things" as you put it and provide perspective to my life. Not drinking with you today!
Chin up Neptune hang in there!..I know just what you mean about using the Drink to blot everything out for a while.... Trouble is all the worries are still there in the morning only they've grown slightly overnight AND you then have a hangover on top! That's no way to live at all.... ;&gt;)&gt;..I find that writing stuff down and doing a lot of introspection about what is bothering me and what I can do about it really helps... Then making a to-do list and crossing things off when they are done... Very satisfying!..Also there is a lot to be said for physical activity to burn off the excess 'nervous energy' and tire the body and mind naturally... It's all about learning and developing healthier and more productive coping strategies in the long term instead of trying to use Drink to 'solve' everything which ultimately solves nothing of course......Hope you feel better soon matey I won't drink with you today!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[removed]
was this a life?.."I didn't have to try with life when I was drinking how I could just not have to make the effort with life and could just give up."
I miss those things too. But I don't miss all of the bad things that came with it...The hangover guilt shame regret bad decisions health issues wasted money lost time lost relationships lost jobs.....It's not worth it.
Just get through today. See if you regret not drinking tomorrow morning. 
Realize this is romanticizing your alcohol use and is very likely not the whole picture. Play the tape forward mentally to the hangover missed commitments or whatever feelings led you to want to stop. ..It's normal to have these feelings but also important to recognize they aren't the whole picture so we reframe our focus to the aftermath of drinking which wasn't usually so rosy. ..Not drinking with you tonight! 
