-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rccjo/struggling_on_which_path_to_take/

I have a crazy mother.  She's never been clinically diagnosed but that's due in part because she refuses to speak with a specialist. Over my parents 33 year marriage my dad has tried several "couple therapy" sessions all resulting in the specialist to focus on her and her denying everything and never returning...Over the years she has left emotional scarring on me. Horrible name calling "worthless heartless bitch" etc. And an assortment of demeaning terms about my appearance (which caused an eating disorder In my earlier years and permanent damage). Last Christmas whole i was staying with them temporarily she smashed our Christmas tree because she didn't get her way and "cancelled Christmas".  Soon after she starred locking and bolting the door if I wasn't home by 10 (I was 27 at the time) forcing me to sleep in my car in the driveway until it was unlocked at 6 am so I could get ready for work. ..I moved out in January to stay with my new boyfriend. In April I stopped drinking. I was drinking about 3 handles of liquor a week I went through the withdrawals and struggles (and continue with the hardships but they are well worth it) with the strength of my boyfriend by my side.  Through out this my momster continued to be crazy losing her mind over everything because she couldn't control me anymore. I had to change my phone number and the only way she can contact me is via email now. My dad had to change his phone plan so that he could talk to me because my mom wouldn't allow it unless she was in the room to listen. ..Come early July my boyfriend and I were looking for our first apartment together! (We got it... It's small old cheap but PERFECT for what we need... yaye!)  I got an email while on the road searching for our new place. It said I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU STOLE FROM US. the next one came in I AM CALLING THE COPS YOU TOOK ALL MY PAIN MEDICATION. YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL.  I responded with a "I don't know what you're talking about I didn't even know you had pills" (the pills were left over from knee surgeries... she doesn't have a problem with them she just saves them just in case I guess.) In her eyes I am now a drug stealing addict.  This crushed me. I have never stolen from them. I never would. That's how lowly she thinks of me. It just crushed me but I stayed strong. ..The reason I went into so much detail is my dad is leaving my mother today. He deserves happiness and she is just a bottomless void sucking anything around her down into the depths of her misery. My dad finally got the courage to do something for himself. I am happy for him. But now my mom is going to be absolutely insane. If she was bad before it's going to be 10 times worse. I know she's going to try and manipulate me.  ..I can't decide if I should give her my phone number with terms and conditions (like she can only call at so and so time if I don't respond she can't blow up my phone start calling me names etc)  solely because she's my mother I feel like in part I need to be there for her. But I also need to be there for myself. I need to focus on my recovery. I need to stay away from the triggers that led me to my 3 handle a week addiction. ..Any ideas/help/insight/encouragement is welcome and wanted! I am going to stay strong and sober I know I am. However I want to keep myself out if situations that trigger me to yearn for the "alcohol solution" which we all know is a vile temptress in the long run...Thanks for reading thanks for listening thanks for being here. .
----------immediate responses--------

My health and sobriety depend unequivocally on safe clear personal boundaries...I can give love without trust.  I can be caring without being hostage to drama and chaos.  ..I can meet people in safe public places.  I can maintain the location of my home in confidence.  ..I can give love clearly and I don't explain "why" and most importantly for me I'm not required to make sure they "understand"...Others may not "like" it and I'm not responsible for what they "like" "don't like" or "understand"...It takes practice!
I think you were wise to step away. If her behavior will escalate I can see how the distance and boundaries you have already created will continue to be helpful. ..Remember you don't have fix your parents' problems and their problems are not your fault.
I don't have any advice or insight for you but I have a ton of encouragement and healing thoughts to send your way. I can't imagine how tough this situation would be to deal with. No matter what happens take care of yourself and protect your sobriety! I'm the type to overestimate my strength in situations like this which always results in a slip--it seems like you have a good sense of what triggers you and a strong resolve to avoid those situations. Just make sure to keep checking in on that reality and don't lose sight of it. 
Just because someone is a blood relative doesn't mean I have to have a relationship with them. Good luck!
Wow.  I'm glad you escaped.  SMART Recovery has a great workbook.  I got mine on Amazon.  Their program is based on cognitive behavioral therapy.  Some of the exercises are on boundaries.  Your mother is not in your hoola-hoop so to speak so you have zero control.  I also like the one about put your own air mask on before trying to assist anyone else on the plane.  I won't drink with you today.
You should always be there for her as she is your mother and being forgiving is one of the greatest things a person can be ( in addition to loving and kind) but at the same time you have your own life and it is impossible to help someone who does not want your help. I wish you the best and I hope your mother comes back onto the narrow path towards the light
check out subreddit raisedbynarcissists
Personally if it was me I would not give her my new number. It seems like she is on a path to self-destruction and maybe quite far into it. There is a possibility that she is abusing pills as well I mean that's something that people can hide relatively easily. So basically you can let her take herself down or run the risk of her taking multiple people down. Not to sound cold but it seems like there is nothing anybody can do to help her at this point. My mother was very much the same way. Accused everybody else of everything physically and emotionally abusive to all of her children except the youngest (tho he still suffered because he never got the affection and dealt with anger issues due to that I mean at 15 this kid might still lay on my shoulder while we were watching TV which might normally be weird but he just never got it). I've been threatened she manipulated my stepdad to kick me out by accusing me of things that never happened just to hide her online affairs stole my computer that I bought with my own money pulled a gun on me you name it. I guess eventually she straightened herself out somewhat but I'm not interested in having that relationship anymore. ..It's good that you still care but sometimes carrying at a distance helps you heal.
Do not under any circumstances give her your phone number. You will regret it. She never respected you or your boundaries before so why would now be any different? You said it yourself that she's going to be "10 times worse" once your dad leaves. She'll be angry and looking to place the blame on someone (IE: you) even though it sounds like she's already doing that with her irrationally accusing you of stealing from her. ..It's okay to love people from a distance when they are toxic - yes even parents. You and your mental health and well being are so so important. Protect it at all costs. &lt;3
