-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rcwpa/i_dont_know_if_i_can_do_this/

Most mornings I wake up and think "today I won't drink." It seems achievable....Most nights I go to bed having consumed between 4-8 drinks. And then having eaten too much in the evening because of it. I've put on 40lbs in the last two years....I've been a high functioning alcoholic for years. I'm successfully growing in my field and earning a decent living anyway. My social life is pathetic and I spend most of my free time at home....A brief history (without going into too much identifying detail):...- alcoholism in family history (great-grandfather was the "town drunk")...- ultra-Christian upbringing believed alcohol was evil didn't touch a drop until university....- liberal arts program discovered partying weed and began to doubt my upbringing....- since graduation have been moving every year or so trying to find anywhere where I fit/belong. (Also pursuing my career to be fair to past-me)...- Most people don't like me especially Christians. Tried many churches before realizing how many strings were always going to be attached to belonging and decided that wasn't going to work for me any more....- went through a series of family crises in the past few years that have left me mostly on my own. I don't have a family support network....So now here I am:...- my anxiety and depression come in waves. Depression was the worst as a teen but anxiety is the real monster nowadays. I find myself doubting my ability to succeed and wishing I could have a different life/be somebody else....- I'm in a new city where I intend on staying because I need to stop moving all the time. I don't love it here but I've never really loved it anywhere....- I have an amazingly supportive boyfriend who is not a substance abuser. We've been living together for a year together for three. He's amazing and a big part of the reason I want to fix the mess I am. ...- If I'm objective I have friends but I struggle with feeling hated at worst tolerated/pitied at best....If you're still here thank you....So... I guess this is where I am. Wishing I could change but with significant data that proves the contrary. I don't know if there's a pre-step one that brings you to the point where you can develop some self-control but if you have any advice I'm all ears....One last thing I'm scheduled to meet with a new doctor on the 8th and I'll be bringing this up then. Professional help is hopefully on its way....Thanks for reading...Edit: formatting
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your honest articulate post /u/SeekingSelfControl. I thought I was "high functioning" too until I wasn't. Alcohol "works" until it doesn't. ..It's good you are seeing a doctor. At the urging of my therapist I was honest with mine about how much I was drinking and was given medication so withdrawal would be safer and easier. Because I didn't stop drinking sooner I ended up addicted. Desperate I was willing to do anything to get well because there is more to recovery than simply not drinking. Ongoing counseling rehab outpatient treatment and involvement in AA gave me tools to build the sober happy life I have today. ..Wishing you all the best as you start your recovery journey. Sobriety was easier and more fun because I had a support system. Stay in touch!    
 That somewhat myth of being high functioning will catch up eventually. I've had a few bosses tell me how disappointed they were to let me go because when I started I was gung-ho and pretty much number one at everything that I did. Then little dumb stuff started happening cuz my mind wasn't right. The last job I lost was tough because even though I was still #2 in my district my anxiety started consuming me. My direct superior didn't work hard at all but he had people under him that would do anything which let him sit there and watch me most of the time. He's the one that drove me out but he didn't have the nerve to address me about it or be there for the firing. What they actually fired me for was not even of my doing but in an at-will state there's not much you can do because they can claim anything else along with it. But I'm sure I looked more I'm a mess than I realized as well. It's funny how just this week alone hearing so many people talk about how they thought they were or other people told them that they were a functioning or high functioning alcoholic turned out to not be true at all...You CAN do this and you owe it to yourself to do your best. We are always here for you and you may choose to find others locally for support as well. I'm not going to drink today and I would love if you would join me for that.
Glad you're here!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Hey you got this! I can relate to so much of what you are experiencing. I'm not a meeting person either but have some good systems in place to help. I have had some amazing sober months/years. Recently had to reset but it's part of the process. I am enjoying the challenge and knowing what I have already accomplished in the past. I enjoy looking forward to a run and grilling after work then going home and draining a bottle of wine. You are making a big step but just continue to be honest with yourself...Be the best version of you one day at a time. Best wishes on your new journey! 
please read this with the love with which it's intended:..you are not special...Most alcoholics had rough lives and seemingly insurmountable odds. Millions have gotten sober and so can you...When i stopped trying to use will power and truly surrendered to the fact that I can't drink because I can't stopI was free. 
