-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rdz50/day_30_reflection/

Today marks the final day of my self imposed "30 Day Challenge". I was/am a 4+ pint of beer/day drinker. As I began this little journey I couldn't imagine making it the entire way. Late afternoon and early evenings were a struggle and I was really temperamental. I read "This Naked Mind" and other books to keep myself busy. The cravings faded and I have embraced my clear state of mind. I've dropped 10-15 pounds along the way as well. The point to my rambling is that while I yearned for this day when I started I am now at a crossroads. I would like to enjoy a cocktail or two with my wife out by the fire but I am really enjoying the weight loss better sleep and clear mind. I never would have imagined I could enjoy an alcohol free life but damn it feels good. This sub has been a great diversion and often reflective site for me. Thank you all for opening up your worlds to the rest of us. I'm not sure where my journey leads but to all of you....keep up the good fight. God bless!
----------immediate responses--------

thanks for sharing at the opposite end of the 30 days and need these kind of reflections to help! congrats! keep it up!
What is it that makes you want to enjoy the cocktails? Is it because she is drinking you just want to relax more or what? 
Congrats! I literally began a "40 day challenge" yesterday which coupled with no alcohol is working out regularly and eating strict. Looking forward to the results. 
I stopped drinking for 4 months once. ..I decided that I was strong enough to moderate my drinking while on a trip to the beach. I stayed drink the entire week. ..Everyone is different and you may have have great success at moderation. ..Just my story. I will not drink with you today. 
How long have you been drinking said amount of beer? I have been drinking about 10 pints in the course during week for quite some time but I decided to cut down my drinking quite substantially - now I try not to exceed 6 units in any given week and drink only on Friday and Saturday...It goes really smoothly (6 units in total in the course of 2.5 weeks) and I don't think I will drink more than 1 beer this weekend. That being said I don't think I was in a bad situation yet - I had cravings only on the first evening so I would be very cautious with drinking if you struggle for that long.
30 days is no small achievement.  Congratulations!
