-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rklnu/its_my_birthday_tomorrow/

Anddddd I'm super depressed. My relationship is a fucking miserable prison I spend my days in the gym in hiding or at work. I feel as though I'm not allowed to have any fun. Plans to have a nice trip to the lake were squandered because there are more important matters to attend to I guess. ..I relapsed a few weeks ago. I always pick myself back up and get back on track though. Happens usually every 2-3 months. I'm really determined not to do that again. I told myself that I'd like to spend my entire 28th year sober. I've had lots of practice throughout 27. I spent the majority of that year sober! But here I am today crying. I know I won't do it but I wish I could go to the bar and drink with strangers so it feels like someone cares about my birthday. Or that I'm celebrating something. ..I know I'm ready to feel all the feelings. It's cathartic in a way to just be angry or sad about the fact I cannot drink. I think my issue is not letting myself feel those feelings first before making the decision to relapse. I think it's ok to cry about it. It's ok to be angry about it. If that's how I feel I'm gonna let it out and let it pass from now on. 27 was a lot of progress and learning that I can live sober! I want to fine tune that shit for my 28th. It's probably the best gift that I can give myself even though everything hurts right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wishing you a happy 28th - I will not drink with you today. And no need to go to the bar and drink with strangers because there are a whole bunch of someones right here who care about you and your birthday!!
You had a wonderful audition for sobriety in your 27th year so give yourself the gift of sobriety for good on the 28th year. Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday! I am sorry to hear you are having a crappy day. Find a way to treat yourself without the booze! 
Give yourself the gift of sobriety for your 28th year.  You are a gift and don't forget it.  There are a lot of people here that care it is your birthday and are very happy you are deciding you want sobriety!  It is our one common goal for all of us here and I'm happy not to drink with you on your Birthday!  Hugzz!.
Happy Birthday!!  My birthday is tomorrow too.  The best thing about getting sober is the courage and clear mind to make decisions that will better my life.  If your relationship is dragging you down then maybe it's time to re-evaluate it.  If you're unhappy it's that much harder to remain sober.  Being sober is about loving yourself and taking care of you.  Having said that let's have us a sober birthday!  Happy 28th to you!!
