-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rmqz9/this_is_the_toughest_battle_of_my_life_another/

I relapse.  I quit.  I relapse.  I quit.  I relapse.  I quit.  You know what though?  One of these days is going to be the last time I quit drinking because I'll never give up. Last night I took a sip of beer asked why Im drinking and dumped it right there.  I could really use some support or a word of encouragement.  It's been a long time since I posted in here.   
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. You can't undo your drinking but you also can't undo previous sober time. If you're here that shows you want to change your habits. That already puts you on good footing. You're not dead or in jail so you have full flexibility to try again. What can you do differently this time?
It's okay! I quit all the time too. Every single day. Just keep quitting! That's all you have to do. I believe in you and I will not drink with you today.
We are twins....I've been stuck for about a year...but I'm not giving up!
I feel like my battles with relapses have just confirmed my love of being sober . Giving into alcohol only reminds me of how much I dislike it cause I have had a chance to live without it. Never give up !! We are free today right ?
&gt; It's been a long time since I posted in here...I had a relapse after 103 days and I have concluded part of the reason was I got too cocky and forgot to keep on my toes...This time round I will keep coming here.......... and jolly well done throwing that beer away. Cheers! I will not drink with you today..
I couldn't stop without help. A therapist rehab outpatient and AA gave me the tools needed to build the sober happy life I have today...&gt; If I want what I've never had;.&gt; .&gt; I've got to do what I've never done...What are you going to do differently?
One sip and you dumped it.  I'd say you're getting stronger wouldn't you?
I think you have more power over yourself than you think! Not drinking is not for pussies I always say on here. Hang in &amp; good luck to you!
