-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6roxvh/what_fun_stuff_do_you_guys_do_sober_besides/

I'm heading into my first weekend day 6 and I have been really struggling not to overexercise.  I like running at the best of times but this week I have been cramming running into the hole left from alcohol and I gotta stop before my knees give out so tomorrow is a minimal running day...What the heck else does one do with one's time?  I'm so antsy and have so much free time!
----------immediate responses--------

Yoga reading deep breathing napping playing w kitties Netflix and tv show marathons cleaning surrounding myself with good smells (always makes me feel better for some reason) making mocktails praying stretching curating playlists trying to get into tea rejoicing over the money I've saved not drinking and going to the movies. Those are my faves!
What did you enjoy doing before you got into drinking? Not drinking allows time for hobbies. If you don't know what hobbies you might like taking up maybe you could start by putting some thought into that and then taking a few first steps on a hobby or two that interests you. Like if you feel like you might enjoy photography for example look into classes or clubs in your area. If you want to try gardening plan your garden. Or try meetup.com for stuff related to your interests. ..Then of course there's always reading Netflix or video games :p Those are good options. I'm about to play Knights of the Old Republic this old Star Wars game I've always meant to play. 
Reading art photography learn a new instrument..
Not sure if this is possible where you live but I like going to the gun range. It is kinda expensive but a whole lot of fun to shoot off some rounds. It's exhilarating and blow off some steam at the same time.
I like to work on my Constructed Langauge project and my Micro-Nation project (that's a really fun super nerdy community) read and write philosophy (my academic training) study linguistics study languages knit DnD read various non-fiction study my religion (Thelema/A.'. A.'.) in no particular order :P 
Read crossword puzzles movies fail at pinterest projects (sanded and painted a patio set) meet friends for coffee / tea.   
Volunteer your time - food banks service clubs animal shelters.  
See pride in my wife's face when she looks at me these days. That's the best I've got.
I'm not really a reader but I have been reading every single day since my quit date. Blew thru This Naked Mind in about a week and now going back through the bibliography to the other books she quoted to start one of those. Enlightening and great to fall asleep with a book or a Kindle in your lap. Not boring empowering. Like those old commercials for NBC The More You Know. ..
Reading re-watching stuff I don't remember well because I was probably drinking crossword puzzles eBay sales a little bit of video games but not much going to meetings coming onto SD to read and share watching sports COOKING fixing stuff around the house is next etc. 
Writing photography reading.  ..I actually enjoy going to the meetings I go to. (3 a week)..Writing might be very good at this point  doesn't matter what form but you might be surprised at how it can let feelings out help provide insights and get you through the day....
Read. Cook. Travel. Listen to great music. Hang out with friends.
Hi!.I have a list of things to do to keep me busy. .Babbel (online language course) read (used to love reading and want to get back into it) learn to draw knit Bullet journaling cross words color by numbers tv writing in my journal watch YouTube videos learn calligraphy scrapbooking photography (need to get back into that) garden (not that I am good at it but it is fun for me...for the plants not so much) play with the dogs try a new recipe clean declutter and reorganize drawers cupboards etc... (very therapeutic!) walk try to meditate (I am new at this and not really getting it so I try to read up on it and learn) chat with some online friends (I too live in a small community but have a few online friends I like to chat with who know nothing about my problem) games like Candy Crush and GardenScapes  on my ipad..And of course I spend a lot of time reading SD!.Have a great weekend!.  
