-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rxli1/feeling_regretful_how_do_you_guys_stay_positive/

Hating myself a little for this last relapse. It was brief but it has taken quite a toll. I was feeling SO good. Clear mind mood swings practically gone barely any anxiety slimmest I'd been in ages...I've felt like a turd since Thursday. The guilt is the real killer. I slept 12 hours last night so hopefully that helped. I must have needed it I can never sleep that long ordinarily. ...So I'm feeling a bit down trodden and moody. How do you guys stay positive? I really don't like dwelling on the negatives it's such a waste of time. I'm going to get out for a walk meditate make a list of things that I'm grateful for...might do some yoga and bake something healthy for fun. Times like these I miss having my dog around. It was hard to be sad with him he was always so happy and loving....Oh I almost forgot! I turned down drinks yesterday and told the friend who invited me that I'm quitting for good again and we had a chat about my problem. She was totally supportive. :) I'm glad I was honest. After that I texted another close friend and explained that I was quitting and asked if we could do sober activities together. I'm proud of myself for reaching out! 
----------immediate responses--------

I recently relapsed too and I look at it as a way to remind myself not to get too cocky. It was my first go at sobriety without a finish line date and I'm really proud to have made it forty days. I was able to reflect on where the urges to drink came from and talked through it with a friend about how to handle them when they come next time. ..You did the best thing already which is getting right back on the wagon. Good on you. Beating yourself up will only continue to bring you down. Instead celebrate your wins learn from the slip and truck on ahead. ..I will not drink with you today. We got this. 
Sounds like you got right back on the sober horse and have already taken several steps to recover and move forward. Good for you!  My first several relapses took me weeks to get back on track. Kept thinking my problem is not that bad. I can handle it. ..Think of this as a a to reinforce what  y o u already know but are still struggling to fully embrace. Excellent strategy to be completely honest with a few real life friends.  Sounds like you've got some great support. ..I won't be drinking with you today!
Thanks for sharing this and well done for getting back off it and coming here...it can be so easy to use those negative thoughts about yourself to keep drinking yet you haven't you've caught yourself in it and come back on here - that's an achievement. I think this really reminds me that through cockiness I've slipped so many times after long periods of not drinking. Staying humble and keeping a balanced perspective on stuff has really helped me stay sober this time. Things aren't perfect sober for me I just know that they are better - always always always. I won't drink with you today.
I made a solid commitment not to beat myself up. Hating myself made me want to drink...Being kind to myself and looking after myself is not drinking...When the critical self-talk starts I step in and give myself a break. I stick up for myself and take care of myself. This makes me feel better and want to do better. ..Sometimes I have to remind myself that if you beat a dog he is more likely to bite. Give him belly rubs and you will have a happy friend for life :D
I never have to feel that regret again because I never have to drink againeven if I want to...Neither do you. 
Good job turning down the drinks. It's nice when people are supportive in a situation like that instead of being self-centered and negative...Anytime I have days where I'm feeling down I don't try to force positivity. I just let it happen and try to view it for what it is my alcoholic brain trying to trick me into coming up with reasons to drink...It sounds weird and crazy but I kinda anthropomorphize my alcoholism and view it as a demon that I have chained up in a cellar in my head. Negative thoughts are just it rattling it chains. The times I'm really suspicious are when it hasn't made any noise for a while because that means it's up to something. &lt;/crazy&gt;..Keep up the good work :)
I slipped up at 9 months and part of me was glad because it solidified that I can't drink normally and it isn't worth it now I'm a week away from a year! Just let it be a mistake and move on. You didn't lose those other sober days and it will be easier this time! I just remind myself that alcohol is tricky and so is my brain. 
I knew I'd hate myself. So I haven't relapsed. Plus I'm not going through withdrawals again ever it almost killed me. 
