-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6s4jxe/relapsed/

Hello..How can I go out with mates and not drink? :(..
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you can't at least not yet. That's the brutal truth I had to face. If drinking is the only focus of the group then I can't go. 
I agree with  yulyeg &amp; crabby. Maybe it's just flat out too soon for this particular activity. Could you suggest meeting up with them at a coffee shop so you get to hang out "safely" &amp; if they decide to move to a bar you take your exit? Just an idea. This isn't easy... Good luck to you!
I agree with  yulyeg &amp; crabby. Maybe it's just flat out too soon for this particular activity. Could you suggest meeting up with them at a coffee shop so you get to hang out "safely" &amp; if they decide to move to a bar you take your exit? Just an idea. This isn't easy... Good luck to you!
Sorry this happened. Glad you came back here. It's really hard when your friends and family drink. They will get used to the idea. And your get used to the idea that you can be with them and not drink. However if drinking I'd  foundation for some of those relationships you may need to keep your distance for a while.  Finds new interests. Eventually you'll find new friends or the nature of your relationship with old friends will change. ..I know that's all much easier said than done. Just know it's possible. ..Take care of yourself today. I won't be drinking with you. 
I needed sober friends.  When I was trying to stop I noticed I had self-selected all my "friends" as drinking buddies...I went to meetings and met new sober friends...I still have "old" friends.  We just don't meet a bars or do things that revolve around alcohol.  And there are plebpnty of things to do !..Today I forgo just One Drink -The First One
Is it seeing them drink that makes you want to drink? Or is it more of a way to calm nerves in social settings?..I've already had to bail on a few social invites. Sucks and gives me major FOMO. I'll probably ease back in once I realize I can socialize without the crutch of alcohol..
I didn't go out *to a bar* with friends until well over four months in. Even now if I get an inkling for drinking I just won't go out. It's not worth it to put myself in that situation. 
Oh I'm so sorry this happened. I'm only pretty new to full sobriety - and probably much older than you - but in the first few weeks I could only meet people for coffee (breakfast brunch a/noon tea etc)...the rest of my new-sobriety-time I was at home/work. No temptation! I have relapsed so many times I can't count. Be kind to yourself. Don't kick yourself for this relapse-it's a kink in the road to a really good life. I will  not drink with you today.
Too bad you had a drink.  Good news is that you're still here and still trying. 
I'm just going to agree with the others and say that it's probably too soon. You WILL get to that point but it takes time...It's also important to tell them that you are abstaining and that going to a bar is difficult for you right now. I'm certain they'll be willing to change their plans.
