-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6s7jwg/newly_sober_anxious_about_what_drunk_behavior_mean/

I have decided to stop drinking recently because of how I behave when I drink. Sometimes things turn out fine and no one gets hurt but sometimes things turn bizarre and harmful. I want to stop drinking so I don't fight with my husband anymore so I feel better so I stop acting like a psychopath in front of my friends and family. I am resolved. ..However my issue is anxiety over how I behave when I'm drunk- does that mean something about my sober self? I do dumb things that I would NEVER do sober but now I'm SO anxious that I have compulsions I can't control like a have a monster inside of me. Some really terrible examples are: arguing with my husband over nothing kissing other women (wtf?!) getting argumentative with others to name a few. This is not how I behave normally and I'm so worried that I'm going to do something terrible even while sober. ..Has anyone else felt that way? I'm really struggling today with my anxiety over this. Thanks reddit. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nah. Sound like drunk behaviors..You also sound like you have a bit of generalized anxiety as well. It will pass. When your sober you are able to control compulsions much better. 
Yes you are not alone. A lot of us do stuff that's way out of character when we we're blasted. 
Ditto...alcohol changes the brain and alters normal neurotransmitter/ physiology causing people to do shit they would not normally do. It can take a while for things to heal/return to normal function after stopping as well...alcohol is so deceptive!..'This naked mind' was a really good read and very insightful into our perceptions of alcohol and the changes that occur in the brain as a result
Alcohol is the monster.  The monster dies when the booze goes down the drain.  I won't drink with you today.
It's available free on this sub I think?? I got it on audio book form to listen while I do stuff 
I wouldn't over think it.  It takes time to both notice and ultimately fully analyze how you are/act tanked vs. sober.  I used to show up to work drunk - during my first week sober I caught so many mistakes in my past work that I simply chalked it up to being drunk.  Having been sober for a few months now (and with a clearer eye) - I actually see that it was NOT the booze after all (I still make random mistakes albeit sobriety allows me to do so much more - including new mistakes to learn from).  ..Point is I was convinced that "xyz" was due to the drink and "abc" is the way of sobriety.  After some time things are not exactly how you'd expect to be and somethings I wondered why I stopped drinking.  For theses times I told myself "Don't think Don't Drink" - meaning there is a reason to be sober even if the pros (or cons) are not exactly clear yet.  In time Sobriety will uncover your flaws - to be fixed at that time.  Be good.      
