-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6s8qhs/a_message_to_all_lurkers_join_us/

I lurked on this sub for over two years before I decided to start making a mark here. ..You might be wondering "why?" so I'll tell you...Disclaimer: this is my own opinion on societal norms. ..I've been an introvert for many years and alcohol was helping me deal with this by becoming something that I wished I could be sober - an extrovert a person that people loved to see. I wanted to be the life of the party just everything that I ever wanted to be in my fantasies. These are very powerful emotions to display but you need to realize that this reality is only you. ..The thing is these emotions are very effective on a certain mass of people - the "babes and bitches" kind of people. The "Chill Culture." Are these the people that you really want to be around for the rest of your life? They're simply people that know you drink lively and thus accepted you into their circle to further ignite and promote their ignorance to the truth. Will they leave you once to get sober?.... Give or take I'd say 100% with some decimals in the deficit to be generous. Think about it. ..This crowd doesn't want anyone to move forward with their lives. They want you to stay there. They chikkk in the clubs every night or weekend and see success as Wiz A$AP etc - false enabling idols they'll never reach. I spent too long in this culture. I was fooled by the ruse that it was therapeutic. I wasn't ready to claim responsibility for myself my habit and everything I lost to get here. ..Your fortitude be willing you will get clean with our help. For the atheists out there (myself included) there is no 12-step-love-God program here. We are all people and nothing more. We will help you learn to BE YOU. We will help you achieve the goals sitting in the back of your head that have been collecting dust much like the lost toys in the closet from your childhood that used to hold your creativity. They're not lost dreams - just aspirations inhibited victims of the emotions you drink to forget. We will change that if you're willing. We are here for you and we love you. ..How do you feel on a cloudy day? Less energy? Less motivation? Yes it's a fact that even the earth gets cloudy and rainy sometimes. Life works the same way. But the clouds don't cry alcohol for us to scoop up and drink - it brings life in the form of water to all who will drink it. ..With that said - Join us. Reddit is a place full of assholes so lurking is common due to that but this is an oasis of loving and encouraging people. ..Speak up. If you've read this far you can make your first post today. Get your flair and wear it with pride. I got over 100 up votes on just my 24 hour mark. We're not sponsors for you - we're a family. For the source and my struggle read the following post made by me just yesterday: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6rzstk/24_hours_the_furthest_ive_made_it_in_months..With love end your hell. You've made it to the right place.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome ! There certainly is no place like here ! United we stand  
Man I liked your post hit it right on the mark. I'm going to go to the link of your post yesterday in a minute. Isn't it like a big lie when we drink. Like our drink is supposed to make life grand and it does the opposite. I may be replying to your other post soon be gentle with yourself. Congrats on not drinking :)
I just looked at your post from yesterday and I already replyed and you did back. I hope your day and interview went well. 
Thank you for the invite. I have not drank for 3 days and thanks to your kindness I will not drink today.
Here here! Lurkers one and all please make yourselves known. A better life awaits.
Wonderful post it takes a lot of strength mentally to unlurk that's very encouraging what you wrote. Since I've decided to be active on this page my drinking has reduced significantly not completely over it but getting there. It's also strengthening my marriage since I told my wife that I was actively working on the problem. Good luck to everyone!
Well said! ;&gt;)&gt;..*Another Red-Pill convert has squeegeed their Third Eye*.. (to coin a phrase)... Plenty of room on the Wagon for everyone the more the merrier!..I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Yo ditto. I was the go-to super fun party girl. Friends came up to my place for pregame we always skipped lines to get in the club super glam (at least until too many drinks and the morning after).  .I've had a lot of people tell me "Man I miss fun you." or "Bring fun you back!"  .You know who wasn't having fun? Yeah this gal. You know who kinda wanted to die? Yeah.  .I see it said here a lot but I'm not here to fucking entertain anyone. If they wanna call me lame cause I wanna stay in and read or youtube or whatever that's their prerogative. 
I came out of the shadows this week too. It's amazing 
Wow. Thanks so much for your post. Loooooooong time lurker here. To nervous to post anything. Maybe I'll give it a go. Quitting booze is a long hard journey and I've been doing it all in secret because I'm so embarrassed. The posts here give me so much inspiration. 
Thank you
This is my first day I've been sober in awhile and I feel so stupid for being happy that it's only been a day
That is such a lovely and kind thing of you to say. Thank you so much. It was hard for me to post. But I did it! Made the first step. 
I need the help. When I'm with my SO I'm fine. But when I'm home with my roommates and they're all drinking I can't avoid the urge to have one that turns into six. I've told myself forever "it's not bad people do worse and make it out" but I know its bad and I need to stop now. I just need to work on my own personal resolve to delve into a sober lifestyle I guess. 
I never drank because of some stupid rappers and my true friend she want to see me sober. I drank becuase of an obsession and a craving for alcohol.  Good luck on your journey. I started reading the book The Naked Mind  it's free in the sidebar. It gives you a different perspective on alcohol until you realize you're not giving up anything and that giving up alcohol isn't a sacrifice at all. 
[removed]
Back here at day feel feeling super foggy up there but way better than I felt yesterday tapering off a binge URGH. It kills me to even say that how the hell have I let it get this far. ..Anyway I'm back it's day one and today I will not drink. 
This helped today! Thank you!
This post caught my eye I've been lurking for awhile now. I think I lurk because I haven't actually quit drinking. To be honest I almost think I come to read peoples posts about how bad their drinking was to make me feel better and justify how much I drink...I read posts about drinking a few bottles of wine every night or getting blackout drunk daily and tell myself "I don't drink near that much maybe I'm actually fine". Obviously I'm not though since I read here more and more...Thanks for your post. Hoping to quit drinking soon. For me there is always one more event coming that I want to wait until after.......Woke up this morning with a bit of a hangover made a reminder on my phone with a recording of me saying "don't drink tonight" hoping that will help me tonight.
