-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6s9tl8/starting_again_from_the_beginning/

Hello r/stopdrinking. It's been a long time but this also isn't my first post here. ..My drinking hasn't really gotten better in the last couple of years since I last posted. It has ranged from a soft buzz to wind down from the day to drinking myself to blitz to either pretend like I'm having fun on a Friday or trying to run away from deeper and more pronounced (albeit less-specific) pain but regardless drinking was a daily ritual. It has been pretty much since turning 21 (I am currently 26 and up until recently I can only think of a few instances where I went an entire day without drinking maybe countable on two hands tops). ..2016 was a tough year for all of us and I had my fair share of personal problems to go along with the more worldly ones. Without going into too much detail my family went through a number of struggles which ended up with my then-30 year old brother coming to live with me because he essentially had nowhere else to go. My brother has been my closest friend all my life but as I've come to gradually accept also the source of some of the worst abuse I suffered as a kid and living in close proximity only served to emphasize just how different our lifestyles and priorities were. He was originally supposed to only stay a month or two while he got his legs back underneath him - that turned into a year and two months along with borrowing additional space in my already-cramped apartment to begin two different marijuana businesses (long story). ..I love my brother and I only want good things for him but living with him for that long along with numerous other particularly traumatic incidents between him myself and my folks I found myself in the deepest hole of depression I've ever been in and drinking was my only way to make it feel okay. I hated living in my apartment I hated that work was the only other place I could frequently go to escape it and I hated myself that I had allowed it all to happen because I just wanted to be a good brother and didn't think it would turn into what it did. ..And I got really deep into the drinking; beer and wine eventually graduated to liquor and I preferred it neat. I would lose entire weekends to a bottle of brandy or vodka. I'd buy the bottle on Friday it would be empty by Sunday sometimes sooner. But I would still come to work every Monday I'd pay my bills on time I was never in danger of running out of money and I was keeping a roof over my brother's head and food in his belly as well as mine. I was doing okay and so long as I continued to do so I felt no need to change my drinking habits. I thought I had found the balancing point. I was lying to myself and I think I knew it but drinking and that familiar drunk felt like the only true constant in my life that I could rely on and it was the only thing to make the day that came before it bearable. ..My brother would eventually meet his girlfriend and they moved out together last May. I'm happy for them I hope it works out. He's not the reason I'm here though. ..Late last year I reached out to an old friend from college whom I had not spoken to in years a friend named Kelly. I forget the exact reason but she posted some sort of hypothetical question about drinking habits on Facebook and I must have been in some kind of self-loathing mood (also probably drunk) and I responded quite candidly about my habits and my concerns about my habits. ..To my surprise this opened up a doorway for us to reconnect and built on a far more honest and personal foundation than most. The two of us are both artists so we were able to understand the drive and anxiety about being creative that both fuels us and we've both suffered our share of traumas that we're still looking to overcome and I think we recognized a certain kinship in one another...What began as a chance-reconnecting over Facebook soon became an unexpectedly deep and important friendship to me at least. She sent me a book called "The Artist's Way" which became sort of a guidebook and helped me to work through a creative slump I was in and also to help start seeing the world and my situation in a new way. We soon began texting daily exchanging jokes memes and funny observations throughout the day and sometimes allowing ourselves to be vulnerable to each other share our pains our worries and just find some measure of comfort in being able to be open like that with another soul. That's what it was for me at least. ..I haven't had a friendship with someone like that not since maybe high school much less with someone who shared such similar views on the world and art and artistry. Some of the things we would tell each other are things I've never spoken to another soul about and I felt a newfound...I don't know how to call it confidence maybe? More comfortable in my skin and accepting of the person I was and what I had been through. Kelly felt like a guardian angel to me some measure of fate would have that our paths would cross again and have such impact on each others' lives. In many ways it's entirely possible she saved my life...And I like a fucking idiot pushed her away from me...I have a nasty habit for self-destruction especially when I feel like I've "failed" or not lived up to some arbitrary expectation I have for myself. As you can imagine this is especially harmful for someone beginning to take their tentative first steps into sobriety--the littlest stumble feels like the collapsing of the world. And when I feel guilty or upset at myself I love love love to take it out on myself however I can. Sometimes I punch walls doors my car (I'm pretty sure I broke one of my fingers punching my fridge door once) but usually I just go back to drinking and letting myself steep in my self-loathing. I fantasize about becoming this walking almost mythic figure of tragedy I wish bad things would happen to me pretty much anything and everything short of actually dying. ..Kelly knew this and tried to help talk me down from periods like this for a long time. I was both appreciative and deeply humiliated for having to put her through it every time it happened because I knew it wasn't getting any better and was just spinning my gears feeling sorry for myself once again. The act of lamenting how little things have changed brought me more relief than the actual struggle of making things change...This happened again about two weeks ago and I'm sitting in a bar moping into an old fashioned and we're having a text exchange once again and I'm a pathetic self-flagellating mess once again. And she decided that enough was enough and she was sick of this shit. She told me the things I already knew that I needed to get help that I needed to stop drinking and see a therapist that I needed to take the steps to making my life better or else it never would. And that she couldn't be my friend until I did because she couldn't watch me do this to myself and it reminded her too much of the trauma she went through with her father (that part in particular shook me)...We haven't spoken since. She's very serious about this and she has every right to be because I fucked up and was a lousy friend. I ran the gamut of emotions over it throughout the week first being angry and upset with her then at myself then trying to concoct the right words to say to ask forgiveness to even wondering if I deserve it or if anything I said would come across as anything other than an abuser begging their abused to come back to them. I was getting ready to send a text to desperately re-open the line of communication when a great realization struck me - I was in the process of grieving. My desire for a shoulder to cry on blinded me to how toxic I had become and now I've lost what feels like the only person who has really "gotten" me in a long long time. I realized what I was feeling translated to one simple truth: I don't think I've ever missed a person quite as deeply and profoundly as I do her now. ..A person who genuinely cared about me and only wanted to help me decided I was beyond help and cut me loose. I've gotten everything I always wanted. I'm hurt I'm lonely and I feel even more helpless than ever. The view from all the way up here as it turns out isn't quite as fulfilling as I thought it would be. ..I didn't drink for the rest of the week...until yesterday. I decided to visit a favorite bar/grill in town for dinner not planning to have a drink (cranberry sodas have been my go-to replacement drink as of late) but I'm a regular enough at this particular bar that the tender poured me up a beer before I even ordered it. Not wanting to be rude or awkward I happily accepted it and had another one on top of it with dinner. On the way home I stopped at Safeway to get groceries and bought and bottle of Gentleman's Jack telling myself on the way home "By God I'm going to learn how to drink like a normal person again."..I got one drink into the Jack that I realized this was a terrible mistake. In fact I think I've said that exact phrase about learning to drink normally to myself verbatim before downing an entire fifth of liquor within 3 days. I knew it was unrealistic and dangerous. I knew I just wanted to drink. ..I poured myself one more "goodbye" shot and dumped the rest down the drain. A fine waste of $20 it was. Comparatively to previous nights two beers and two shots is a tame night for me but today the malaise feels especially pronounced like I've gone and poisoned my body all over again after a solid last two weeks of sober clarity (barring those two days of defeat prior). I don't miss this at all. I'm ready to be done with it...So...here I am. Before I foolishly believed I could simple stymie my alcohol intake without having to really change my lifestyle much but now I see how naive I was. It doesn't work that way not for me at least. I'm looking forward to waking up tomorrow when my body has processed out the last of it and I can pick up my progress from where I last left off. ..I've made an appointment to speak with a therapist something that's been a long time coming for later this month (I wish it could be sooner but that's not really in my hands). I won't lie I share the same fears about giving up drinking as I did a year ago. I come from a family of drinkers all of my friends are drinkers. Most of the things people my age do is go out somewhere to drink and I don't really get invited out to a lot of things in the first place so I'm not looking forward to having to cut off yet another (and particularly prominent) avenue for socializing with people my age. I'm deeply almost consumed by my shame that I let it get this bad and it's my fault. I'm preparing for a very lonely next few months and probably a few uncomfortable conversations that need to be had. ..Mostly though I finally want to see myself become a person deserving of a friend like Kelly. The pain of abandonment is enormous and I've been abandoned by close friends in the past but this one feels different somehow. But I understand and accept why she did what she had to and maybe it's the kick in the ass I needed to actually change. Maybe one day we can patch things up and be those important people in our lives again as we were once. Maybe I'll never hear from her again and maybe that's what I deserve. I just hope that's not the case. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back.
This is exactly what you needed (Kelly) to get you back on your feet and into sobriety. We have all realized here that we cannot moderate (at least for now); so embrace and understand that and become the person you want to be and the person you TRULY are - without alcohol. The person that Kelly wants you to be. It sucks and it's hard. But coming here and posting- I've realized we are not alone. I completely understand and have felt many of the exact same feelings you're feeling right now. When we come out the other end we will feel so proud of ourselves and make those in our lives equally proud. I want to be that person I see out there who doesn't need alcohol to live in this world. Just the way we came in. Good luck to you my friend. 
Glad you are here.  There are people out there who socialize sober - AA Smart Recovery the RR one (I forget what the first R is).  Don't pre-ordain your loneliness.  
