-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6scaql/my_progress_and_some_encouragement_for_those_who/

24 days without a drop of alcohol. I feel great. I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders and I am finally at peace with myself. To anyone struggling please don't give up things do get better and there will be a time when you will look back and be very grateful that you didn't pick up that drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you! This first few days were rough but I feel improvement already. :)
This is so kind of you to post this Neptune! We have a different way of life now &amp; these  posts are so helpful to all of us doesn't matter if sober 10 years or 10 minutes... Thank you.
Thank you for sharing this - it helps! Have a wonderful day Neptune.
Thank you!.  
Woo Hoo!
thanks for this ifeel really hopeless. i cant seem to quit. 
[removed]
I will not be drinking with you today. 
Beginning of day 2 for me fingers crossed   
Thank you so much!  I need to hear this today and tomorrow and the next day.  But I'll just focus on today for now.  Thank you!
Well said.  It's getting better for me overall as well...not perfect...not glamorous...and I'm OK with that because the struggle whether to drink or not is diminishing with each passing day and each time I declare "I will not drink today"!
Hey fellow 24 day'er! I know I am just an internet stranger but I am proud of you! And I agree with the "future self will thank your current self" mentality - I actually use that mantra for other things in addition to not drinking. Have a wonderful day and I will not drink with you today.:)
High five!
Thank you for posting hearing that it gets better helps..I just got through day 1 had some withdrawal issues based on what i could tell. There was some shakiness in my hands i was having trouble writing a little dizziness didn't really feel like eating anything most of the day. About halfway through the day i got this feeling of restlessness that didn't really go away until i went to sleep. i woke up probably 10 times overnight tossing/turning. Today i'm feeling better none of these are present and i'm more committed to not drinking so i don't have to go through this again.
Congrats on 24 days.  I agree things do get better like I've saved over $1.1k.  I won't drink with you today.
Hey 24. Oh my goodness... I couldn't agree more. I tried many times myself and feel like I'm back in my old self -- yet renewed.  Surreal actually. Thanks for posting.
Great encouragement its day one 
Night 1 (again). Thanks for your post. It helped a lot. 
Agreed. And congrats
