-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6scmjl/back_to_day_1/

I need some support/ words of encouragement. I've really been struggling the past several months to maintain sobriety for longer than 2 or 3 days. I really want it & am willing to do something different to get it. Tired of doing the same thing expecting different results. I'm reading This Naked Mind doing the daily check-in & now posting here for encouragement. Trying to shore-up my willpower. TIA for your support!
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! ..Just wanted to say well done for making it 3 days already the first few days are definitely hard but you'll totally thank yourself later on if you push through it!..When I was a heavy drinker I would often manage 2 or 3 days of not drinking (usually after a binge or due to poverty) but by that point the hangover had abated and definite physical withdrawal symptoms were popping up so I'd reach straight for a drink again and so the cycle continued.... What is it that has made you 'crack' after a few sober days in the past?..Hopefully now that you've had some practice you'll be better prepared to know what to expect this time around and better equipped to make the right choices instead of the default 'reach for a drink'.... For me the difference this time was having the support of my doctor this sub and my nearest and dearest; after 40 days of no boozing and better self-care I'm so glad I stuck it out for the first few days and weeks of feeling grotty!..I won't drink with you today..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Good for you! I find this sub to be an excellent resource for support - my first several days I spent a ton of time on here and I found that it helped me the words of encouragement reading others stories and knowing I wasn't the only one good stuff! Stay with us! I won't drink with you today!
Glad you're here!  Congratulations on your progress...The world record for sobriety is 24 hours and you've matched it several times!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
I am in the same boat. I'm actually at 5 days but already everything's better. More productive cleaner house but most of al for me work is soooo much better. I enjoy it again! And feel confident. And visiting with people is already getting better because I'm not constantly thinking about when this will be over so I can go home and drink. Talking is sober is fun! Best of luck :)
Willpower didn't avail me much. It got me through a few white knuckling episodes but in truth my entire mindset needed to change. I got out of my comfort zone and started attending Refuge Recovery meetings. I got a mentor in that program and attended therapy...started a yoga and meditation practice. It took a great variety of tools but most of all *acceptance* that drinking is not a viable option for me. Best wishes!
I love that you're willing to do something different - beautiful! I found TNM helpful doing the DCI hanging out here and reading/posting/commenting. All of this helped to give me the courage to start attending meetings again find new hobbies make new sober friends and truly enjoy my new sober lifestyle...You've got my support dear Unicorn! &lt;3
Twinsies! Moving forward is the only option!
