-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sjl2f/day_1_and_already_i_am_having_the_just_one_wont/

I work in a stressful business and today was one of those days it's 11pm and I just got home and I go back for 9 am tomorrow. So tired just want to relax and unwind and that's usually when I have a glass of wine which inevitably leads to five. .I realize for me alcohol is a companion I am so lonely a lot of the time I don't know what to do with myself I'm exhausted from work and the only thing I have the energy to do is sit and drink which then makes me more exhausted the next day. .I am lonely because I am single I am single because I inevitably drink too much and scare men off with idiotic drunk texting or embarrassing behaviour. .I'm going to stay strong with my club soda and ride it out. Tomorrow is a new day I never drink if I am going to work so by 5:30pm tomorrow that will be a day and a half. It's going to be tomorrow night that will be the struggle. .Thank you SD I'm so glad I found you my first post got a response this morning and I cried because I finally felt like someone gave a crap. .
----------immediate responses--------

My mind tells me I can have just one. I can't remember the time (if ever) I had just one. I commend you for playing the tape forward. That has been my biggest defense. I respect Mr. Alcohol. He's kicked my ass too many times. 
Well it's midnight and I made it! I'm off to bed and zero drinks were had today! .Thank you for the support &lt;3.
Funny I was going to post about tiredness and stress.  I drink when tired and worn out.  This makes things worse for me.  I was exhausted after the weekend but got some sleep last night so feel better.  Deciding not to drink is easier when not tired.  I am here if you need to chat!  Good luck!
Glad you're here...I needed a support network and that included sober friends...I found that at meetings and the loneliness disappeared.
Well done - and also well don't on acknowledging your reason for drinking. I am (was) the same - I work all day put the kids to bed then sit alone drinking as I'm lonely (my husband works away). I'm too tired to phone anyone for a chat and wine seemed like good enough company.  ..It's been over 3 weeks since my last drink and once I've got past firstly dinner time and secondly 8:30pm then I'm ok!  I've found some lovely herbal teas and have learned to sit between the dogs &amp; drink my tea. ..I'm sure after you have a few weeks behind you then you'll find some energy to try some new things. That's what many people post anyway and I'm looking forward to it!..Well done again on day 1 and I won't drink with you today :-)
Congrats on day 1 you got this    Your in the right place this sub has helped me enormously in the last 2months just reading &amp; relating to other people's experiences. I won't drink with you today. 
