-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sn5v0/i_know_i_should_stop_drinking_but_im_struggling/

31 year old woman here. I drink between 2 and 10 drinks a night 4-5 nights a week. Just received blood test back (including liver) that was perfectly normal. My drinking has never materially impacted my work my relationships... no trouble with the law. But I want to do better. I know all the wine I consume hurts my workouts causes a relatively debilitating hangover once a week or so negatively impacts my sleep and immunity certainly doesn't help my budget. I think it's a problem when I drink alcohol to "feel" the positive affects. I guess I'm scared to stop... afraid that life will be less fun nervous that I will be judged for turning down drinks worried that I will be stressed all the time. Have you all experienced this? Any words of wisdom? Lay it on me. 
----------immediate responses--------

A really good start is the free E book "The Naked Mind" It is available in the sidebar. What you are describing is how I drank when I was 18-20. For me the frequency of drinks increased over time until one day I was a full blown drunk. This is a great time to make a change and I think your head is in a great place. Most of us I think would agree that we feared life would no longer be fun when we quit drinking but have come to the realization that there is no possible way we could have ever been this happy when we were drinking
I stopped just over four months ago after drinking daily for the last decade. I had the same fears; going out won't be as fun  I won't be able to deal with stress people will judge me for not drinking my dancing will never be the same I'll use way too many commas. Honestly most of these things are true. Going out the the bar isn't as fun as it once may have been but I've still had a good time and woke up in the morning remembering the previous night having money in my pockets and a spring in my step. I no longer have alcohol to help me 'deal' with stress but I've realise that it was never really helping me deal with anything I was just numbing myself without actually facing any of my issues. Some people have judged me for not drinking they thought I wouldn't be fun any more. I grabbed my ginger ale and my dancing shoes and I proved them wrong. My dancing has not improved nor has my gratuitous use of commas. Everything else in my life has gotten a little better though. I'm a better partner to my fiance and a better son brother and friend. My wallet is fatter my skin is better and my anxiety has  dropped to levels I can manage without pharmaceuticals. Best of all I got into university and I'm going to get a degree and do something I want to do with my life. ...Tldr: anything you can do while drinking you can do better sober with the possible exception of dancing. Would you like to not drink with me today? 
'This naked mind' helped me a ton. Changed my perspective on alcohol in a lot of ways...includingy fear that life would be less fun or boring without alcohol...I now know that is just not true and a lie.
I am having more fun feeling less stressed and have more respect from my friends and SO for turning down drinks. I highly recommend The Naked Mind. What I believed about alcohol is all a lie. The veil has been lifted and I'm not going back. I am outwardly successfully but I knew that alcohol was eating me up inside. It was only a matter of time before I could no longer hide the destruction and looking back I'm sure I missed opportunities due to my drinking and that I was in denial.
Some folks refer to this as the "yets".  "My drinking has never materially impacted my work my relationships... no trouble with the law." YET.  Heavy drinking tends to progress into worse situations with time.  Why wait until it gets worse to make the change?  Do you really want to wait until something really *does* impact your work your relationships etc?  As far as life being less fun from what I've read alcohol affects your dopamine receptors and your body puts out less dopamine as alcohol provides it.  When you stop drinking your body takes a bit to catch on to that fact and the reduced dopamine in your body makes everything feel a little dull and depressing.  But it doesn't stay that way!  As for me I have more energy to do fun things I remember more and have more time and money to have spontaneous adventures.  So I think life is what you make of it and it doesn't have to be less fun with a drink in your hand.  Going out with friends who drink takes a little getting used to but once it was obvious that I was still enjoying myself sober no one blinked an eye and I still get invited to happy hours.  The only friends who judge when you don't drink seem to be the ones who may have a problem themselves IMHO.  Give it a try for 30 days then reevaluate.  That's what a lot of folks on here started out with.  Good luck!  I love feeling free of the obsession and money suck that is alcohol and I was a fancy tequila swilling craft beer drinking lady for many years.
With the levels you're drinking at you're  putting yourself at a much greater risk for cancer even if it doesn't seem to be causing you other problems right now. Also how much money are you spending on alcohol? Wouldn't that be better put towards something else like a retirement fund or a trip?
