-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6stx2r/accidentally_stopped_drinking/

I'm a long time daily drinker. Rarely got drunk but I really enjoyed my IPAs and some Bourbon. Never caused family or work issues but I had toyed with the idea of quitting a lot of times (weight and money) but never could see myself as a non-drinker it's part of my life...On July 23 I wrecked my motorcycle ended up in hospital for 5 days and had a pretty serious surgery on my hip which is how I started not drinking...I'm home now and could have a beer at any time but I keep putting it off I've not had a drink in 18 days! Never have I gone that long before. ..I'm struggling with the notion of actually 100% quitting. I'm also not reaping the benefits I read about I'm sure since I'm not able to go anywhere or do much beside get to bed and bathroom. ..I guess I'm just looking for others thoughts on my situation...
----------immediate responses--------

Why not? Never too late always a good time to not drink. Maybe tomorrow but not today.
[removed]
Careful with the hubris on this. If you were hospitalized for five days with any kind of opiate drip and if you're currently taking such a prescription you may find yourself in a whole other habit you aren't considering that might be taking the place of those drinks...Just the statistics: 1 in 5 people on an opioid prescription for 10 days with become addicted - without knowing it...Opiate withdrawal is more pronounced than alcohol withdrawal it comes in the form of your brain still convincing you you're in pain so humans go directly to that thing that was killing said pain. But that pain is fake. Please research opiate withdrawal. ..Please stay vigilant if you're on an opiate. If you aren't sure if you're on one google everything you're taking. Be mindful of your symptoms when you stop. ..Good luck not drinking is the advice you'll get here but I have a lot more experience with opiate addicts than I do alcoholics. It's physically lot more addictive than most things and people are meat for that beast. 
You've got a start at a run at it. Granted the real test comes when you are back on your feet. But you are putting off drinking that beer now just think about putting it off when you are healed. The benefits come as time progresses. I have had several serious surgeries after I quit drinking and kept reminding myself how bad drinking could make things for me whenever I got up and about and started thinking of having just one. Remembering how bad things got when I was drinking and that if I started I could never stop at just one helps me to keep firmly at 100% quit.
