-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sx3kh/why_can_other_people_drink/

Am I just irritable and over-emotional because it's day 3 and I really would Iike a Thirsty Thursday or am I a total narcissist? Find myself thinking that no one should drink if I can't especially not my boyfriend. ..He's very supportive of me and has agreed not to keep booze in the apartment but I feel like I want him to go dry with me even though he's a one-and-done drinker maybe oh once a week (very good at moderating). And I feel somehow angry and betrayed that he isn't quitting even though I logically understand I'm the one who abuses alcohol... ..I think I'm probably being ridiculous and I'm super anxious but man like can your loved ones still be loved ones and still be drinkers? I'm struggling with some extreme thinking right now I'm sure. ..Still not drinking with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Eh not sure you want the answer I have... but this addiction is all about you. People can be supportive and still drink but when they cross the line and pressure you to break your commitment on being healthy that's a different story...Some people can pick up drugs and put them down just like alcohol (I know its a drug too) I for one can not have just one drink... I have one bottle and then I rationalize going to the store before they close to make sure I have enough for the night or else panic that I will be sober by the time they open... and who the hell wants that? (I was extremely abusive with alcohol and my body)..Early recovery its normal to think that way it's hard to understand but my recovery is my own and I made the life choice because I wanted to be free of the substance and feel again and I was done ruining my life...Resentment is toxic though just be strong for yourself and focus on your sobriety you will reinvent yourself to enjoy things you never thought you could sober. It just takes time and patience with your recovery process.
I can relate. Accepting my addiction to alcohol is a struggle. My dad drinks the occasional glass of wine. My SO can have a half a margarita. I get the same feelings. However I've been trying to focus on the solution to my problem and the first step is accepting that it is MY problem.
One day it occurred to me that I felt more like a sober woman than an alcoholic one. That was the day I realized how much my sobriety meant to me.  Just think- those around us who still choose to drink will never know how freaking awesome it feels to be a sober person. When I think of it like that I realize that I lost nothing when I quit drinking.  Have you thought about asking him if he would be willing to go dry for a bit in support of you?  He might surprise you with a yes. 
My wife drinks. More than your boyfriend less than I did when I decided to quit (again). But there's booze in the house and she wasn't ever even remotely close to not drinking...What I have come to after 15 years of marriage is that I can only change myself...One of the things about being married with a kid is that it makes it a lot tougher to bail on the relationship on a whim which is both good and bad of course...But basically what I'm saying is anyone who can put up with us while we get sober is a keeper. :)
Pro-tip: Worrying about why other people can drink is only going to make people like us upset. Instead I find it best to own the fact that I have a problem and that means I don't drink. Just like vegans don't eat meat and people with peanut allergies don't eat peanuts I make the choice because it's good for my mind heart and body... ..And I want to make it blatantly clear that it is absolutely a choice. I'm certainly permitted to walk to the fridge and have a beer I make the choice not to do that...My wife drinks about as much as your BF. I will open her wine bottles for her and pour her a glass when she wants one. I do that because it's important for me to continue being of service to her for whatever she needs. Being of service to others helps me not feel the need to drink. I admit this is much easier with the amount of time I have but it's the same choice I make now that I made ages ago when I was early in sobriety...It's not my place to tell anyone not even my spouse to avoid drinking. It's kinda selfish on my part to tell them what they can't do. If something makes me uncomfortable I may share my feelings or just excuse myself from the situation... I say this because my nature is to be much more selfish than that (which I could get into much further but not here)...I raise my glass of fizzy water to you my friend!
Maybe you're looking a gift horse in the mouth.  ..That you *can't* drink responsibly and consequently can't drink at all results in:..- better brain health (recent study shows that brains of even moderate drinkers have shrunken areas) .- less cancer risk .- more money .- less wasting time in dumb fucking bars -.- more energy to focus on shit that actually matters in life .- clarity of mind .- willpower .- better skin / better looking .- better weight management...There's a big wide world out there to explore and a lot of serious problems that need fixing.  You've been given a chance to be an uber-human and all that's asked in return is you forgo drinking a toxic fungal excretion...I don't mean to get aggro I wrote that half for myself...All I can tell you is your day 5 day 20 day 200 selves are cheering their hearts out for you right now.
You sound like my dad. He thinks that anyone who drinks is just an alcoholic who hasn't hit rock bottom yet. 
My partner can drink because his brain doesn't run the script mine does as soon as I drink. Same way he can drink glasses of milk which would put me in lactose agony. Sure i can *choose* to drink but its not a Smart Choice For Me. Fighting that is as futile as wishing i could sub in ice cream the way so many people here do.        
