-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sxfig/addiction_and_connection/

I have tried to stop drinking for so long. I always relapse. I don't have any friends where I live and it's very difficult for me to meet new people and socialize. Trying to meet girls or other men my age is near impossible when they ask what I do with my life. I don't want to lie to people but I also can't introduce myself or possibly explain that I've spent nearly 7 years alone getting fucked up. Nobody really wants to be around that kind of person. ..Do you people find that having meaningful friendships or connections help you stay sober? I accepted that I am an alcoholic I abuse drugs to feel better but I can't stop on my own. Ultimately it's up to me to not drink but I feel like there needs to be an element of friendship or something to maintain sobriety. I've spent so many years alone isolated.. I have no friends. I don't know anymore. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered an AA meeting or NA meeting or similar? Full of people obviously who understand addiction and you can choose your level of involvement.
Yes having a support system was critical for my recovery. A therapist and AA helped me immensely. At meetings I met people who also wanted to be sober. It is comforting being in a room with people who understand. I met nice people. You would too. 
Stay strong!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
The friends will come but you need to concentrate on you first. ..Not a criticism but you have only four days. Get yourself healthy and then you can worry about other people. ..I had similar feelings of self doubt in my first few days. Hell I still have them now. ..But a lot of them were just related to the chemical imbalance in my brain due to heavy drinking. ..Alcohol is a depressant. It makes you depressed. ..I hope you feel better soon...IWNDWYT .
Agree with what others have said - found people who totally "get" me at AA.  I can be my flawed self and still make friends and talk to people.  
I relate.  When my marriage started to dissolve I shifted from a heavy social drinker to a self-imposed totally isolated black hole nightmare daily drinker.  I spent 4 years there.  Without getting into all the gory details I decided enough was enough and checked myself into detox.  ..One of the many steps I'm taking to fix myself is to go to AA meetings.  I was VERY nervous walking through the door the first time but the folks were all very welcoming and understanding.  They have all been where we are and the long-timers go to see folks like us as much as they go for themselves. ..In the short time I've been doing this I've had multiple people ask me for my phone number and even send me a text to say hey and see how I'm doing.  ..I'm not a religious person but I see value in the 12 steps.  I'll take what I want to use / will be helpful...It can't hurt to try.
