-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6sxf0u/48_hours_in_which_is_the_longest_ive_been_without/

I'm diagnosed with depression anxiety and bipolar disorder.  I have a failing marriage and a stressful (but rewarding) job which doesn't pay enough.  I started drinking heavily as a coping mechanism after my first marriage and it came and went since then.  More came in the past two years...It's easy to make excuses - "well my wife is away for three weeks and *she* is getting blitzed every night" "I feel terrible emotionally I need to dull that" "well I'm only having one beer with friends."  ..I've half-heartedly tried to quit a few times in the past due to pressure from other people.  But I've been taking a long hard look at myself recently (with my therapist and psychiatrist's guidance) and this time it's for me.  I'd been lying to them about how much I was drinking but... I finally came clean...There have been days where I've had five bottles of wine or over half a handle of gin or sixteen shitty 8% beers...But.....I'm prescribed medication for said mental disorders and you're not supposed to drink on them.  I have been anyway...I used to be a runner.  I have no stamina now and just feel pretty crappy most of the time.  I used to lift weights.  I'm still paying for a gym membership that I haven't used in a year...I've gained thirty pounds between the drinking the medication and not exercising...It's pretty common for me to get the hand tremors during the day and that's miserable...Waking up after a night of heavy drinking (read: every night) and getting to work at 8am was.... miserable...Speaking of work I wasn't able to put my full focus into my work - I was just moved into a position that I'm *really* excited about and I need to be at my best...It's destroying my marriage - I used to be a friendly jovial drunk.  Now though sometimes it triggers a manic state.  The bad kind...It's expensive...---..So for the first time in a while I'm having a can of soda instead of a can of 8% shitty cheap beer.  I haven't had any withdrawal symptoms so that's good.  I don't really want to talk about it with any friends or family at the moment but I needed to confront what I was doing instead of lying to myself or ignoring it...I'll have another weekend alone but instead of sitting at my computer drinking and not really doing anything I've committed to (non-drinking) plans with friends (also the first time in a long time).  Hiking!  Overwatch!  Board games!..I don't want to overdo it and relapse due to putting too much effort and planning in but I also can't let myself stay bored for too long...Anyway thanks for understanding guys.  Here's to not drinking!
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you! Here's hoping you poon the nubs in Overwatch!
Hey welcome! Congrats on day 2 the first few days were the toughest for me so nice work getting through two days so far :) That's one of the coolest things I think is all the free time I have now for activities! I hope you get back into running eventually I bet that will bring you so much joy. We are all here for you let us know how you're going as the days pass :) oh and if you want to you can grab a badge from the sidebar - I loved watching the numbers tick up.
Welcome! Taking this first step is huge! 
Way to go. Beware that withdrawal symptoms are not always apparent to yourself. If you have a doctor it would be good to ask about it.
&gt; I've committed to (non-drinking) plans with friends ..Excellent! A drinkers life just takes time from activities you could be doing. 
Congratulations!  You ever tried the Zombies! Run! app?  Might be a fun way to get you back in to running if that's a possibility.
You're through the hardest part emotionally. But  you're not out of the woods yet. You're at risk of severe withdrawal symptoms.  Do you have someone around in the event of a seizure?
Well done on Day 2.  Your story has many parallels with mine and seeing that we have similar struggles here on SD helps me.  Thank you!  Here's to not drinking I'll join you in another day of just that!
