-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6synj7/smart_vs_12steps/

Hi friends. Yesterday was my first relapse. I wasn't doing anything to build a safety net for myself so this time I want to give it my all. I want to go to meetings starting tomorrow and I have told my husband and some family members I have a problem and I am quitting. My question is do all the AA meetings just do 12 steps or can you choose or what? ..I'd love to hear a run down on the 2 programs. I've done a bit of research but it's nice to have my online community's opinion. I ordered The Naked Mind The BB and 12 steps and traditions from Amazon today. Any other studies that are working for y'all would be appreciated. ..Stay strong SD crew! 
----------immediate responses--------

Those are all really good books. There are AA meetings that focus on step work but most of them are just open meetings where people share with each other. You don't HAVE to work the 12 steps to go to AA. The best way I have heard someone put it was that people in AA are a fellowship and support group and that the 12 steps are a program of recovery. AA is a great launching point I went for about the first 60-90 days and now I kind of do my own thing. I have heard a lot of positive things about SMART but don't know much about it 
Both are good. I am doing AA because the meetings are much more frequent and accessible but I did SMART and stayed sober for a long time previously. ..SMART has four steps and is CBT based. It is good and you learn and work through a lot of great tools to use to maintain and motivate you in sobriety. ..AA is good too. I love the community feel you get and there is much more sharing that goes on. Working the 12 steps is recommended because it helps you in action to change your behaviour. ..There is also nothing that says you can't do them both or try them both out. I found them both great. I think I prefer AA because of the community- I am making sober friends and I can literally find a meeting near me at most hours of the day. 
There is also Refuge Recovery which is a Buddhist path to recovery. 
I got soooo much from reading "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace.  Good choice! 
I am a SMART facilitator and spent nearly a decade in AA so hopefully I qualify to answer this!..First you can go to both programs. There is nothing wrong with that. But you should know that the two programs are not the same. Well they are similar in that they are free abstinence based peer support groups (not treatment) but they are very different philosophically. SMART is entirely secular and focuses on providing tools to empower people to abstain and 12 step's view is that the individual is powerless over their addiction and requires a "higher power" to recover. So SMART is about acquiring tools whereas AA is about finding a connection to one's "higher power". ..As a SMART facilitator I can tell you that about 25% of the people who attend my meetings go to 12 step also. They use aspects of both programs and find this helpful. So that's definitely something you can do too. The folks who do this tell me that they get a bit of flack for it from the 12 step side of things but they really don't care. And from my perspective what could possibly be wrong with MORE ideas/tools?
