-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6syzhj/if_i_can_choose_to_go_30_days_without_a_drink/

I am going to a punk concert next week with my boyfriend and it will be our first "night out" since his cancer remission (over a year). Immediately I thought "I am going to drink for sure" because I can't imagine being sober in *that* environment. ..As soon as I opened that door in my mind it was like "Well I might as well drink this weekend too. I get paid on Friday and I will want to relax. Then I can just quit after the concert..."..I told my boyfriend thinking that he would support me either way. Instead he tried to talk me out of it (while I sat there and argued why it would be okay) and now I feel guilty...A part of me knows that I have been down this road and I am not like everyone else. The fact that I have been *craving* it all day tells me that I am an addict yet I still sit here and debate with myself that I can control it. I just want to be like everyone else! I really *like* drinking. I am so tired of feeling like I don't unwind or like I have nothing to do but fricken board games and chores. I have really been struggling this past week with the idea that it's been a month and nothing has really changed. I always lose my resolve within the first 6 weeks of sobriety. To be honest I can't really see the reasons that I wanted to quit right now.
----------immediate responses--------

Every relapse I've ever had and lo there have been many arose from me making up excuses as to why I *could* have *just one drink* or two or three or four . . . It took me a very long time to finally accept that I'm one of the people who *cannot* have even one ~~drink~~sip...Almost 509 Days and counting.
I have been down that road many many many times my friend. Thing is and this might suck to hear but you are not like everyone else. That voice telling you that you can moderate your drinking and try to be like everyone else is not a voice you want to be listening to. It is the voice of the devil. It is the voice of alcoholism. Trust me when I say that over time that voice's volume will diminish. It will fade away. It feeds on alcohol. It feeds on weakness...If you have issues unwinding might I suggest a nice walk in the woods? Or a nice stroll along the beach? I had a real bitch of a time unwinding during the first couple of months then I discovered meditation...[Put some headphones on and listen to this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiV8xF_-0Po). .Get comfy close your eyes and breath deep. In through your nose out through your mouth. Focus on your breathing and the air flowing through you. Bring your thoughts within. Focus on how your body feels. Let your mind relax and wander. This will take some practice but over time it will get easier...Anyways I hope this helps! Stay strong! I will not drink with you today!
The dependant part of your brain will do anything to take back control. We all know the excuses that it quite cleverly creates to convince us that we need to drink. Having a good day or having a bad day for example it has all avenues covered..You're now going to an event where you would normally drink and that part of your brain can see an opportunity to destroy your efforts but it won't stop there. .If you were to go to this event and not only stay sober but actually enjoy yourself it would be a serious blow to your alcoholism.. It's how we think of things that forms our decision making so try to think of going and staying sober in a more positive way..Challenge yourself to go along and let your inhibitions go without the aid of alcohol look forward to feeling proud that you didn't give up giving up. You will surely make your partner proud by the sound of it. there is one trick we have up our sleeve that seems to work for me in times of doubt. Think of your progress towards sobriety and all the stages you've been through to get where you are today think of the struggle and how difficult it can be to watch the days slowly pass by a week can seem like a month. Ask yourself this. Would you really want to start again from day 1?.If you really wanted to drink you wouldn't have posted your story..Stay positive and strong..It may be easier than you imagine
For me 30 days was just the beginning of understanding exactly what my addiction was what the emotions that drove it were how deep and far it ran.  I feel like if I had said ok 30 days and I'm done then I would just be kind of waiting it out to hit the 30 day mark and never really reaching any depth of understanding about my alcohol abuse.   for me the understanding didn't start until later.  And I've stopped thinking about how many days I have accomplished and started thinking about what are the life developments I want to accomplish and who is the person I want to actually be. I'm sure my thoughts are only a drop in the bucket of what someone who has been done for years now understands.    But also for me the reasons that I wanted to quit have not resolved at all.  I definitely enjoy far fewer cravings a sense that I have so much more now than games and chores to choose from (though I felt that same way about life when I first quit -- meh games or chores games or chores) and yes I liked very much some aspects of drinking but they pale in comparison to the things I like and can accomplish sober.  If you know you lose resolve around 6 weeks perhaps your body is counting on you not quitting for much longer than that and your mind is counting down the days without addressing the underlying issues (if there are any).   I can also tell you the number of things I have done including listening to the caterwauling of open mic night (aye yai yai) stone sober has been eye-opening as to how many events I thought I'd want to drink at and just don't.  I make sure I can leave within  a reasonable time if I want I focus on how I can improve my physical comfort (making sure Im hydrated and fed) and just recognizing I'm comfortable and happy or content makes me realize I don't "need" or want that drink. 
I tried this so many times and failed miserably..This time there is no turning back. Just like I did it with the fags 18 years ago there will be no more first drink. I don't want this anymore. And I don't want to be a drinker at all now. My body is so happy without the ethanol I can feel it especially in the mornings..Also I'm tired of the constant battle with the cravings that I have to fight when I try and moderate my intake. For me drinking was to let go not to control. That is why moderation does not work for me.
Chances are you can't control it and nothing good will come of it. To sober! It's gonna be tons of fun just forget alcohol exists because you don't need it. Have fun :-) 
Stay strong!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
