-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t0dw9/it_took_me_4_years_of_relapsing_but_today_i/

I am beyond grateful. I started coming to this sub and posting reading learning crying coming to grips fighting and finally letting go when I was 25. I am now 29 and life is more amazing today than I ever could have imagined. I cannot thank this community enough for always being there for me with advice encouragement inspiration and picking me up when I was down. ..Active alcoholism: https://imgur.com/a/nyCy8 ..Sobriety: https://imgur.com/a/gXIRa ..I love you all and I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

This is huge. Good for you! I am really happy to share in a tiny moment of something as major as this accomplishment. ..Looking good dude!
Wow!!! Congrats on one year and an incredible transformation. You must be very excited. So handsome! Thanks for sharing. 
Sweet Lordy! If that isn't an advert for sobriety I don't know what is. Stupendous!!! 
Wow what a wonderful difference a year makes your eyes are glowing :) Congratulations and thank you for the total &amp; complete inspiration. I am grateful for your post &amp; I will not drink with you today.
Wow! Congrats and you look amazing! 
You look wonderful and I am so happy for you. Great job!
Congrats!! You look so much happier good for you!!! I will not drink with you today as well!
This is like night and day. You look so happy and amazing now! About 25 years younger too. Lol! Thanks for this- just the type of motivation I need to keep going. Congratulations!!
Wanna have some celebratory shots?
I raise a beer to you good sir!
I'm just starting my journey after a relapse and it feels so daunting but this is inspiring. I will not drink with you today!
Fantastic and inspiring!  Thank you rebirth!  Happy 1 year!
You look incredible! And its clear you feel it too. Thanks for the inspiration to continue another 6 months :)
Great job buddy.  Keep it going.
Awesome... congrats!
I am so happy for you!! And LOVE the pics thanks for sharing them. What a difference! You look happy and healthy and full of life!.
Beautiful sober smile. Sobriety looks good on you!
You look so much happier in your after photo! Congratulations on 1 year! 
The light in your eyes is amazing! Congrats and thanks for sharing!
Fuck yeah brother! 
People like you give me hope that my mother-in-law will triumph over her alcoholism eventually.
WOW!! This is amazing you look amazing! Congrats!
[removed]
Congrats! You look sooo much happier! 
I actually said "wow!" out loud when I opened the photos. You look 100% better and happier congratulations!  
Great job! I am 29 also good time to quit drinking. You look much happier in the sober picture!
I'm still fighting the fight but you are a huge motivation! That's so amazing I'm so glad to see how happy and healthy you look! Keep it up man you are freakin awesome.
Wow!
Incredible transformation! Well done! 
Fabulous job!!! You look amazing!!! Love that you never gave up. Keep coming back. I will not drink with you today.
You look fantastic and your relapses prove that they are an unfortunate aspect of recovery. 
Your smile is contagious :)  Huge congrats on a year!!
Congrats man glad you had a loving social support system to help you overcome.
Way to go.  You look great!  I will not drink with you today!
Wow you look amazing! I love seeing the before and after pictures people post. It really puts things in perspective. I'm happy for you! And thank you for the inspiration this morning. :) 
Strong. Healthy. (And a hottie). I too sndwyt. Well done.
You look so well and I am so happy for you 
Happiness looks adorable on you!   Congrats!!
Wow!
Wow     Congrats on this huge milestone. I will not drink with you today! 
Wow congrats man! I'm looking forward to a great after pic like that!!
Yes yes yes!! You kept coming back!! Congratulations to you on your first soberversary! It's an amazing transformation physically and I'm betting emotionally too!! Thank you for sharing your wonderful news here you are truly inspiring x
Jesus Christ on a Bike!!! Dude you look amazing! If those versions of you stood side by side I wouldn't be able to tell it was the same person! Congratulations to you and thank you for sharing such an inspiring journey. I will not drink with you today! :)
Way to go  dude.
*Cheers*
Wow! Good for you. I will not drink with you today.
Congrats!!!..I went to AA with a guy who'd get a month and relapse and he'd get a week and relapse and get another month and relapse.  I don't know if I would have the courage to "keep coming back"; especially as he did - admitting that he had less than 30 days yetagain...I'm so glad that you finally figured out what works for you!
Sobriety looks great on you!!! Good work dude! You look happy and fit! Cheers! Keep up the great work!
Congrats. BTW very handsome. I will not drink with you today.
Looking slim trim happy and alive!!!!!!!!!!! Dam man your post made me cry so inspiring. 
Congratulations!  Very inspirational.
You are glowing. I am proud of you and will not drink with you today!
just starting over after a relapse as well - thank you for your courage and strength! i will not drink with you today - happy Sober Friday!
You look great! Thank you for sharing. You are so young and your whole life is ahead of you! 
Amazing transformation! I have been coming here about 4 or 5 years too hopfeully in 11 months I'll be making a similar post. I finally read this naked mind and feel like this is finally it I've finally left alcohol behind me. But even if that's not true i'll keep trying thanks to guys like you showing it doesn't matter how many time you try it can stick eventually... thanks so much for sharing still can't believe how much better you look!
Hell yeah dude. 
I love seeing people's before/after photos. Clear eyed present and in the moment versus in the before photos I always see a sort of unfocused sort of lost person - it's just so great to see. ..I too will not drink with you today and I will enjoy the hell out of it. :)..Congrats!!
Congratulations! You look much happier. 
Wow well done!!  Congratulations on the year and the journey!
What at beautiful smile. You look great.  Congratulations!! Thanks for sharing. 
Congratulations dude! 
nice skin!
Amazing. Seeing these before/after pictures is the best advert for sobriety. Of course you look healthier but the life in your eyes says it all. Congratulations and thanks for sharing your transformation. 
Holy shit dude. You look like a different person! Congrats man!
health and happiness! You're awesome!.
awesome dude! Congratulations 
Damn! I'm proud of you man!
Wow dude! you look great! Congratulations!
Are these pictures of the same person?!! This is amazing.
Way to be!  Congratulations :)
Way to go!!
Solid work friend! My best to you and your continued sobriety. It's clearly working well for you!
Way to go. Thanks for sharing and congratulations on your year! 
Great to hear! I'm coming out of a 2 year relapse and feel I'm now really back on the road to recovery. Feel wonderful! And like you so much gratitude... Congratulations.
Amazing! You look happy to be free! 
That is wonderful!  Love to you as well!  Keep up the great work!  I am proud of you!    
Wowee!! Incredible...your smile looks so genuine now. Please don't take this the wrong way but I'm going to use a term here that's usually reserved for pregnant women: You're GLOWING! Thanks for sharing and I will not drink with you today either. 
DUDE! Congrats!
I love this sub. Everyone is always so supportive
Good shit man!
You look like my addiction counselor!
Duuuuude!!  .You look so healthy! Wow!.Congratulations!  .You're awesome; stay awesome.
Thanks for the inspiration and great job!
Great work!! I have fell on my face more times than I care to admit.
This is so cute! You look so happy! Enjoy it!
You Rock!! This is true people. When you get to 1or2 yrs. you start looking so much better if not better! I was at a party last night and a lady was ask ing who I was. When she found out she was shocked That I had not drank myself to death(as she had heard)and how great I looked even with all the damage I have done to myself. I will not drink with you today!
Amazing!
Congratulations on one year of sobriety!.You give me hope that it can be done..Keep up the good work!
Well done!
Lookin good buddy 
hell yeah! good work. I have a little over two years:)
Good for you! You are Avery handsome young man then and now!
Congrats!  You look great!
Nice! You can always tell by looking under someone's eyes
right on man way to go!!
Nice work! I'm still working to take off the weight I gained when I stopped drinking but slow and steady I purpose! Keep up the great work 
You are an inspiration! I'm so proud of you! 
Wowza! I love seeing the joy that shines through when folks show off their sober selves. Thank you for inspiration.
Congratulations you are an inspiration. 
For some reason reddit won't allow me to edit this post to say thank you all from the bottom of my heart for your kind words! 
AMAZING!!!!!  Congrats!!!!!!  
Oh my goodness! Great job. 
Holy canoli! Ain't sobriety the best gift we can give ourselves? Keep it up :)
Needed to read this. I keep giving up not drinking and then regretting it. Even though I'm not getting very drunk I've been lying in bed with heightened anxiety and wondering why I gave up saying "no" this time. I'm glad it is possible if you just keep at it and don't give up for good...And my god you look like a different person entirely! Congrats!
Looking good bud! Congrats on 1 Year! Way to go! So awesome. I will not drink with you tonight!
WooooW! Just wow! Congrats on the year man see you in a couple of months!! :D
You look so much better man congratulations!
This is really good stuff! Can't wait to see the comparison in another year. In the meantime I will keep on not drinking with you!
I've been trying to quit for months now. I make it to a couple of weeks tops then relapse. Rinse and repeat. This is a good motivation. I feel so bad about keeping the relapses happening but I know I'll make it.
Thanks for the inspiration! Keep up the awesome work. I'm happy not to drink with you.
Way to go! Good on ya.
