-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t1d99/my_friend_was_looking_forward_to_finally_having_a/

My friend and drinking buddy from college relocated to an awesome town alone. As a fellow traveler I followed suit. This is my first week here. I know she's been here for months without anyone to hit the bars with and yesterday she asked me if I was "straight-edge" now (running joke). I said "Yeah I'm not drinking right now." I explained that I was really depressed and drinking too much and I needed to make a change..That conversation was definitely triggering for me and I fear a relapse. She's not pushing me to drink. I still want to go to shows and have fun. I understand that it's a downer for her because it's not as much fun to drink alone/it's weird for some people to do that..I just feel so much better now that I'm sober and I don't want the fun old drinking memories to steer me away from what I'm trying to do here. I gotta play that tape forward and take it one day at a time. Much love SD. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations friend! And I love making new fun sober memories to replace all those nasty old ones. It's great when you start to realize you *can* have fun sober and be all those things you thought you were drunk. 
I begin to romanticize drinking when I spend time with old friends. We have shared in so much joy together. But really the joy was in the experiences (of which I remember very few with any sort of accuracy) and alcohol tries to take credit for that. Liar indeed. I also think that a lot of the joys of old friendships resonate from a time when I felt more freedom to be my true self before the responsibilities got heavy. If any part of that feeling is true then we should be bold in forging new friendships by being our most honest self in hopes of looking back on old fun sober memories.
Well it's not about her but about you. If people feel lonely drinking then they shouldn't drink. You don't need alcohol to hangout with a friend
