-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t2ltf/how_do_i_handle_bad_nights/

I've never been to this subreddit before but it seems like a nice community. Thought i'd drop in for some advice. I've been drinking since i was 17. I'm 22 now and i've moved from drinking once a week to every other day to everyday. Most of the time i drink it seems it's not just to get drunk but to blackout. My life revolves around finding the money and the time so i can hide away and binge. ...It has begun to drastically affect my thinking and health. My hands shake my blood pressure is high my bowel movements suck my emotions are fucked my reflex is terrible and my memory recall has significantly dropped. I forget names and words all the time like many times in a day. I thought some of these symptoms were just the several day hangover/withdrawal. But they continued over a couple of weeks which is where i'm at now. I also used to abuse a shit ton of other drugs but i'm pretty sure most of this can be attributed towards the drinking....I've had many short breaks from drinking. Usually i just stop drinking unconsciously because something in my life happens to look up. I'll find a reclaimed interest in cooking fishing playing games coding or some random diy project. I'll actually feel happy sober with no interest in drinking. But randomly one night something will click. It's almost instantaneous. I'll feel like shit. Nothing interests me. I don't want to eat (or eat way too much) shower sleep. After a couple of nights like that i usually give up. I know i'm depressed and i also have tremendous anxiety issues. I don't talk to anyone outside my family anymore. I've tried therapy at times one day i'll try again but i don't even have the motivation to check my bank account right now. I've been eating healthy exercising and keeping busy the past week but i feel like it might end soon. And i know it will just be worse each time i relapse...Didn't mean to type my life story. I just want to know how do you ride out the nights and if anyone has advice. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey and welcome! When I first came to SD I found this link very helpful: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index...I drank for many years and attempted to stop drinking on my own many times. After 2 detoxes in a hospital I finally kept consistent appointments with my doctors and counselors came to SD every day adhere to sober people/sober places and I went back to AA meetings...Speaking from the "I" I found that consulting with a doctor first was the safest and easiest way to begin getting sober. You don't ever have to feel like this again ;). Glad you're here!
Don't ever need to apologize about what you post here. I have shared some very intimate moments of my life with the people here we are family. Well usually I would say that I start messing with one of my hobbies but you stated that you like to do that to and the problem is that you lose interest right? The few times where I have felt really shitty and can't sleep at night what I have done is gone on to Amazon and looked at cool shit. Just spent all night creating different lists for new hobbies I had not started yet. I get lost for hours looking through everything and compiling different lists. I cant afford most of it but it gives me both short and long term goals to look forward to and kind of forces my brain to be in a spot where its thinking "Do you really want to drink? Or do you want to be able to buy all this cool shit and have fun hobbies just a bit further down the road?" In the beginning I attended treatment and had a counselor got a lot of stuff of my chest and that has been a really big help through this time. I also have family and friends that are a good support group. Do you have anyone helping you that knows what is going on?
I'm 22 too maybe ask your parents to help you out with psychiatrist visits ? Mine is $120 a session once a month alloys &amp;60 for medicine so not to much but my parents pay. I also meditate read books and exercise exercise exercise . Can't stress exercise enough it's what I study and the difference it can make is unreal. Some nights I just force ride it out or if it's bad I'll smoke some weed because honestly the most important thing is that I don't drink . I refuse to be a slave to a bottle
Exercise helps me a lot. I also suffer from anxiety issues and wish I had learned to deal with them at your age. Instead I used drugs and alcohol to dull my emotions for 20+ years. ..It sounds like you have a good head on your shoulders and know what you need to do. Posting and reading here helps me a lot as does seeing a therapist every other week. 
