-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6t7pb0/1_month_thank_you_sd/

Lurker here who has been reading posts for sometime now and amazed/inspired at how brave & awesome you guys are in getting off or staying off this poison- which has taken a great toll on my life....I've found something I relate to in every post that I come across here. helps to know that other people are going through or have been through the same thing and understand how this drug works and how 'just one drink' is never that.. and how it f@#'s things up beyond recognition & comprehension...This is the longest I've been off the source since I can remember. It's taken a lot of restraint there have been times in the last month where I'd ussually have drunk... but I constantly told myself drinking is not an option...To me SD shows that the power of the word is strong. Your words stories struggles honesty questions advice mistakes regrets complete & absolute F&% ups etc. are powerful- they have meaning and worth- they have helped me a great deal. You have meaning & worth. Thank you...For anyone a few days in- stick with it. You might feel like things will never improve- but I've been feeling a weight gradually lifting off me. Feeling a bit more confident. Not so ashamed anxious or depressed. Wake up v early in the morning now- (which is odd!) Lost a ton of weight (without trying). Generally have started to feel like someone who isn't totally done for.. ..First 2 weeks especially I was a mental wreck. Paranoid insecure angst ridden depressed suicidal Mind playing tricks on me & generally feeling incredible remorse/regret for EVERYTHING. ..I get a bit lonely now & I realise that I have substituted many real relationships for the bottle. Which is very sad & I can't help feeling sad about it because I know it's true but compared to where I was about a month ago- (very 'rationally' organising how I would end my life)- I'm glad to say things have improved...I can live with temporary loneliness and give this thing a proper shot. You deserve a proper shot in life- and alcohol was/is stealing away your proper shot at life to be a great caring loving person- which you are...Sorry this has turned into a massive rant. lol. Really just wanted to say thanks SD...I won't drink with you today. I hope I make another month.    
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome out of lurker mode and CONGRATS on a month! I can relate to your post - for me alcohol = FUBAR. Simple as that! Please don't ever feel lonely you've got 75k+ here to support you and cheer you on. We've got your back ;).
Like your story man! Congrats!
Alcohol steals away your proper shot at life...Well said. I agree 100%. And we have only one life anyway. Why waste it?
Thanks great post!
Please use paragraphs.
Meaningful post. This will keep me going.  
Thank you for posting.  Everything you said is right on. Thanks again I needed this today. NOT drinking with you today :)
Great post. I will not drink with you today. 
You are amazing!!  You can make another month easy - day by day  :)  Thank you for posting this.  You said you saw a lot of yourself in other people's posts - I and the other people reading see ourselves in yours too.  We've got this!
Congrats! I'm itching for my 30 days -- ha :)
Thank-you your words are also very encouraging and inspiring! 
That was NOT a massive rant. Rather a great and honest story. You're doing great.
