-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6teqsk/resetting_today_but_it_feels_different/

Hello my SD friends.I was doing so well for four days (even though they were a bit of a struggle).  Then I got bombarded with about four huge triggers which sent me into a 2-day functioning binge.  I felt awful - tired achy - and ate like crap for those  two days.  I know I could've accomplished so much more otherwise.  And looking back those triggers I am sure I could have handled without alcohol.  I guess I am going to use it as a learning experience rather than beating myself up over it (which I've done in the past and have realized it only sends me to drink)...What am I going to do differently this time?.1.  Read The Naked Mind which I've got on my audible.  I hear it's so helpful to people..2.  I've removed ALL alcohol out of the house so no temptation..3.  I'm going to hang on tightly to the AWESOME feeling I had for those 4 days sober. I felt so proud of myself (I noticed I started liking myself rather than hating me!) and accomplished so much.  I was so level-headed and calm and even managed to handle some sticky situations without alcohol.  I loved that feeling..4.  Stay consistent with my breathing practice.  I do Kriya Meditation - please check it out.  It's been a lifesaver for me. This reduces my anxiety and has changed the very foundation of my thinking for the positive.  .5.  For real anxiety-inducing situations (I have major public speaking anxiety which is what got me into alcohol in the first place as a coping mechanism) I will use some meds I  was prescribed which helps with that which I can take as-needed.  There are two major meetings later this week and we are doing karaoke - both can get me nervous; however I will use the meds rather than alcohol..6.  Continue to actively post on this sub.  You guys are the most supportive people ever - and posting has helped so much.  I will also honor my promise to not drink with you all today..7.  Finally - I'll take this one day at a time.  I don't know what tomorrow holds but today this hour the next hour and so on - I will not drink...Thank you for reading!
----------immediate responses--------

Heya sounds like you have a plan which is great. The more you have on your side the better! In This Naked Mind Annie talks a bit about public speaking which might resonate with you! So you have that to look forward to!..Any resources or links for Kriya Meditation? I'm curious to learn more!..I will not drink with you today!
Keep on going! Count your wins as much as your losses! Four days is awesome! Congrats!
Stick with it!.I think having this plan will make all of the difference for you...I will not drink with you today!
Thank you so much! Yes- I will surely stick with this. I want to succeed at this!
