-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6teyk4/relapsed_trying_to_get_sober_again_but_the/

Hey guys.  I re subscribed.  A little background about myself.  Former bartender (and paralegal) who was at one point drinking a fifth of whiskey a night plus three martini lunches and then happy hour....every single day.  I ended up having a seizure and while I was in denial I was no longer drinking to get drunk I was drinking to stave off DTs.  This ended up going on for about nine months when I quit my paralegal job - it was too stressful but that's a story for another time - and just focus on bartending. ..I loved bartending.  I was great at it.  I spent ten years learning about food wine spirits (beer bored me) and I had cultivated a great reputation in my city.   Then I passed out at work one night and woke up in the hospital with serious DTs.  My family flew out and convinced me to go to rehab which I did and which I also hated.  In the end we decided that I should move out of the city and to a more bucolic setting.  ..I had money saved and took some time off and decided after nine months it was time to start working.  I had remained sober the entire time.  Then I was offered a job at one of the ritziest restraurants in town which I took.  I didn't care for that place (I was fired for lacking personality which is hilarious but that's another long story) and was offered a bartending gig at another place.  ..Nature of the business is that you'll have to taste things.  Well I did.  Then I started having a few drinks after work.  I didn't drink every day and the only night I got truly smashed was on NYE so I thought I was handling it well.  ..Then I got a scholarship for grad school in my original city which I missed.  I was offered six jobs within the first three days all bartending.  I was super excited but wanted time to relax and see my friends almost all of whom were bartenders.  I think you can see where this is going.  ..Anyway while I wasn't at previous levels the kindling really did a number on me and I started going into withdrawal if I didn't constantly have a drink.  I decided I'm done.  With all of it.  With bars and restaurants.  ..Right now I've been going through a lot of withdrawal like a lot.  I've been tapering because my insurance hasn't kicked in but the sweats the insomnia the shakes and nausea....this is utter hell.   ..But I'm glad this sub exists.  If you have any advice I am all ears.  .
----------immediate responses--------

I am glad you are here u/jigga19!..Since you asked here are some things that worked for me....Hang out on this sub alot. Lurk read historical comments and post when you can. Commit to the daily check in. Save posts that really speak to you....Read This Naked Mind. Take your time with it. Let every chapter sink in. This new perspective on why I drink and why it was so hard to quit was quite illuminating. This was key to my success.....Find something that is an adequate distraction for those times you want to drink. I was extremely bored. I started walking everyday while listening to audio books. Then slowly but surely began filling my idle time. ...I began a meditation practice I started taking one class a semester in subjects that interest me. I learned Tai Chi. I started paddleboarding. My guitar is not dusty anymore. I have 49 books on my Kindle. Have a plan for what to do on those nights you'd usually drink....Set goals. For me it was a day then 3 days then why not a week shit let's go for 30 days. OK let's try for 90. Done. I feel great. Wow. Go for 180? Then a year?..This is not an easy task which is why many give up witout propoer support...Stay the course and slay your demons my friend...I will enjoy not drinking with you today.
Sorry it sucks. I can only wish you the strength and patience to see it through!
Not having insurance is a terrible ordeal. I'm very sorry. ..But if you are in medical distress regardless go to the ER. ..I've never had DTs but I have understand that your life could be in danger. Please be watchful
Have you thought about consulting you Dr?  I too was in an out patient clinic at a local hospital and it was the best thing I ever did.  Good luck.  
If you are not working you can get emergency Medicaid (at least I did as well as several people I know but this was in NYC and it could differ depending on state) I went to detox for free because of this.
Are you able to eat anything?
