-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ths3x/going_to_bed_now_when_i_wake_up_itll_be_a_month/

A month and two days ago I woke up on my girlfriend's toilet floor with a terrible hangover and sick around the rim of the bowl. I got up threw up a bit more then had a shower and went to work. This was the 2nd time I'd woken up in that position in one week and it was becoming more and more regular. I spent the commute crying on the train and posted for the first time here.  ..I've drunk more than I should since I was around 18 but for the past 3-4 years I've been drinking more and more up to the point where it'd be a half liter of gin most nights by myself and much more when I went out with (and embarrassed) my girlfriend or friends. ..For around six months I was becoming more and more aware of how bad it was but finally something inside me switched..So after having lurked for a time I signed up. 2 days later I had a relapse so I came back and reset my badge and carried on...1 month is a pathetically short amount of time in the grand scheme of things I know and I'll probably relapse but this is a gigantic milestone for me. So I want to thank you all...Thankyou to everyone who has commented on my posts with words of encouragement...Thankyou to everyone who posts in the sub...Thankyou to everyone who comments on other people's posts...Thankyou to everyone who posts in the daily check in...Thankyou to everyone who doesn't post anything at all. Seeing the number of subscribers at the top of my screen most of whom probably just lurk makes me realise that I am not alone - far from it.  ..Thanks for changing my life guys. I don't know why this is emotional for me but it is. It's only one bloody month without alcohol for f*cks sake but this is so big for me I've finally realised that I can break the cycle. Thanks so much. Tomorrow morning I'll come on here and say "I will not drink with you today"
----------immediate responses--------

Sleep tight my friend! And congratulations to your achievement :) I will not drink with you!
Sweeee-eet! Congrats!
Congratulations on the first month that's truly an achievement. I'm so happy for you!
Woo hoo!  You're an inspiration !
Awesome! Thanks for for taking yourself seriously and putting in the work. We are here because you are here because we are here etc..Guessing you're from the UK :) 
1 month IS gigantic...You see it yourself there are many who would love to claim a 30 day star for themselves. Took me years of trying to string 30 sober days together. Breaking that drinking then hangover and repeat cycle is huge. Congratulations. I am rooting for you and I definitely will not drink with you today... or tomorrow either. 
Hey man a month is a month. Don't compare to anyone else. I know when I was at 30 days that was 30 days I haven't gone without either being drinking or hung over in years. That 30 days felt great regardless of the guy who had 60 or 100 or 1000. Keep it up tomorrow. Then again the next day. 
1 month is great. It's huge!! Don't kid yourself it's such a great accomplishment. :-)..I won't drink with you today xx
Congratulations on 30 days! That was definitely when I realized I wanted to continue this sober journey! You should be very proud of yourself! Yay for you!
Would be a shame if he woke up and we all spent the next 8 hours making fake posts about the apocalypse.
As someone currently struggling on day 4 let me say a month is an incredible achievement! Good on you!   
One month is amazing do no sell yourself short.  Each day truly is a miracle.  Just to let you know relapse isn't always a given.  I have been sober &gt;3 years without relapse. YOU HAVE BROKEN THE CYCLE you little rockstar.
You inspire sir. I'm right behind you going for a month goal :) 
It's 30 days that your liver hasn't been poisoned and your learning hasn't been impaired. Be proud! How are you feeling besides happy? Thinking more clearly? Sleeping better? Less mood swings?
I am only on 3 days... when (not if!) I make it through tomorrow it will be the longest stretch of time I have gone without drinking in about 10 years.  .Please know that your month is an inspiration to me.  I did not drink with you today and I will not drink with you tomorrow!
30 days is huge! I'm about halfway there and I still have to stay focused and remind myself every day. You did great. 
Don't sell yourself short on your one month!  Those of us who don't have as many days under our belts are looking to you for inspiration and hope.  Congratulations!  Enjoy tomorrow and I will not be drinking with you!
Dont play it down. Its a huge accomplishment and the next time you might not come back. I promise you. It gets worse. Much worse. Never better. You playing a losing game and the only way to win is to stay a part of sobriety. I know.  I am 54. Lost everything. Everything. Just starting to get back on track.
Congrats on your success!  
30 days is a huge achievement!!!   Hopefully u have started to see some improvements in other areas of your life.   I have a question to ask u.   What if?  .What if you stopped drinking for 1 year what could u accomplish?   What would your life look like.   What if u had a major transformation how would you feel look etc...  ..Don't sell yourself short.   U can do this.   I am so proud of u accomplishing 30 days.  ..Good Luck!
There's absolutely nothing pathetic about 1 month. That's a HUGE milestone. It took me 4 separate attempts this year alone to hit that. ..Congrats! You should be proud. 
Be proud of yourself. That's really great. A month is huge. It just gets easier from there. Keep it up!
London REPREEEESENT!!! Yes yes and yes!! Get in!! West Londonaaah here it's 4.05 in the a.m can't sleep so I log into my fave place on the Interwebbynet and very glad to happen upon your post! Congratulations to you kind sir and thank you for sharing!! I shit you not this is bloody huge every single minute hour or day counts my man. Raising my cup of sleep easy tea in your honour! It's bloody expensive so the damn stuff had better work  Going to try and catch some zzzz's!! I hope you have a wonderful day   
Congratulations.  ..&gt;I'll probably relapse..Not if....&gt;Tomorrow morning I'll come on here and say "I will not drink with you today"..I won't drink with you today...or tomorrow.
Oh ... 30 days is HUGE! I'm so proud of you and I don't even know you. But I am proud as hell of you. Congrats! Good work and keep it up. ..I will not drink with you today. Be well &amp; have a wonderful sober day!
Thanks to you for inspiring us newbies to keep going. One month is awesome!
&gt;I'll probably relapse..At around a month in I thought the same. It took a few months of sobriety for that view to change for me. I did it by playing the tape forward each time I started romantising drinking...Well done on stringing a month together. You've done the hardest part...I will not drink with you today.
Good on you! You are a beacon of hope. I'm starting day 1 today... have had several relapses but hopeful this time is the one!! :) 
"I'll probably relapse"..DISLIKE button.  One day at a time my man don't think like that.  Stay positive congrats on the month.  IWNDWYT
Woot! Woot! A month is a big deal! My best to you.
Why do you say you'll "probably relapse"? It should get easier as you go. Is there some future in which you waking up half in a toilet is acceptable? Then shut the door on alcohol. No relapse just freedom...I won't drink with you or anyone today.
