-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6thw04/longtime_lurker/

...first-time poster. Fuck it. My name is Slartiblartfaster and I have a problem...No fuck that too. I *am* a problem...I woke up yesterday hungover and scuffed up again. Banged my head at some point during the evenings festivities and split my lip again...I quit a rather stressful job last year whilst in a bit of a tailspin and tried to get away from it all. Really tried. ..Travelled to Morocco and fucked myself up numerous times. Travelled to Thailand and fucked myself up but a little less. Travelled to Malaysia and managed to keep a lid on it somehow...Got home and relapsed...Fuck it try again. Got on my bike and cycled fifteen hundred miles around the UK wild camping and keeping myself to myself. Not a drop the entire way and even managed to turn down a Guinness in Dublin...Came back fitter and happier than I've felt in a long time. A real sense of achievement. Relapsed immediately...That is how you find me right now and I am beyond sick of it. Beyond sick of my own behaviour. Beyond sick of the behaviour of those around me. Something has to give...I feel like shit now because I'm still hungover to a degree and as much conviction as that gives me I know it'll soon begin to waiver as another weekend approaches. ..I know I'm not alone in feeling like this. Time to tackle it head on...Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome Aboard! Glad you could join us.....&gt;Time to tackle it head on..Sounds like a great plan to me and you're certainly not alone... There are 75000-odd of us on here and we all know exactly what it is like!..I'm also a Brit currently living in Ireland (both cultures have a very dysfunctional relationship with booze it must be said!) and this sub has been incredibly helpful in the struggle to move past my drink problem and escape from the vicious cycle......Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing!..The daily check-in the badge system (see sidebar) and reading commenting and posting here are all very helpful as is real-life support from my nearest and dearest and my doctor.....What's your plan of attack for a few days from now when the hangover has abated and the Booze Goblin starts whispering in your ear again? ..Best wishes mate I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome
You are not alone. And you can't do it alone. ..&gt; something has to give...The idea or plan to do it alone... that has to give...AA works for me once I bit the bullet and went.
Glad you're here!  You clearly can "stop"; you've done it successfully!..To *stay* stopped I needed structure...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!..
Just thought of talking about it in real real life is enough to induce a cold sweat.
All your days of sobriety and fitness matter! Hugs!
You are not alone. You can do this!
What are you running from? Why do you think you relapsed? Boredom? A stress at home you haven't addressed feeling you're in the wrong place? ..Sounds like you have something that triggers you to binge? 
