-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tmjzy/a_new_low/

A new low...I was abroad on a stag this weekend. Made it 44 days off alcohol at  the start of the year but have hit the bottle pretty badly this last few months. ..Decided to drink this weekend and let loose. It didn't end well. I ended up in a hospital having collapsed in a bar. Ruined the weekend for my friends. Can't put into words how shameful I feel. ..I am really struggling. It's clear that moderation doesn't work for me. Don't know how I am going to overcome this my brain overrules me every time I try to avoid drinking. It's like I am trying to self destruct. ..Will keep reading this sub for inspiration. ..Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Those feelings will pass.  You and your friends are unlikely to forget what happened but if you put int he work and get back on track there's a shot that it ends up being motivation for you to never look back.  Maybe one day you all look back on it as an important reminder that the drink is not for you.  You've already completed a few steps toward getting yourself to the right place so pat yourself on the back for that.  Congrats IWNDWYT.
I used to feel so embarrassed--humiliated--when I reset my badge after a day or two which I have done dozens of times.  But the message I keep getting is of total support for my journey and that I can get better. I just keep going back to the idea that the past is gone but I do have the promise of the next five minutes free of alcohol. 
We all have to start somewhere. Believe me when I tell you that it really is possible to put all that horror behind you. I'm rooting for you. 
I'm with ya. I decided I could moderate but the past weekend has proved that I can't. Especially yesterday. I thought I could just have a beer but then that turned into more drinks until 1 am when I finally went to bed. I checked my phone and my roommate had sent me a text "Thirsty much?"..I felt like the shittiest human in the world. I still feel awful about it. Plus this hangover is killing me at work. I'm just disgusted with myself... Today starts a new try. Hopefully I stay strong... Won't drink with you today.
I've been where you are in the past. The road to recovery for me began when I finally accepted that I can't moderate. I took it a day at a time to begin with and slowly realised that the easiest drink to turn down is the first one...I wish you well and will not drink with you today.
Same thing happened to me just yesterday. Went to the lake and had an awesome time while drinking with my friends and today I am useless. I'm so sorry that you have to go through that. Be strong and hopefully we can both make it through it.
Are you experiencing kindling?  That's what happened to me.  I was drinking at least a bottle of liquor a day usually more. I started having seizures and woke up in a hospital.  I ended up going to rehab (which I regret to be honest) and quit drinking for a year.  It wasn't really an issue as in I never really had cravings.  But then I started tending bar (again) an slowly started drinking.  Not much just here and there never an everyday thing until I started drinking a lot and it was an everyday thing.  My off button is fucked.  I'm currently tapering off (it's hard and painful but I'm almost there) until my health insurance kicks in tomorrow at which point I'm going to the doctor.  It sucks man I know.  I look forward to my first week/month/year.  ..Keep it up buddy. 
"The unhappiest person in the world is the alcoholic who has an insistent yearning to enjoy life as he once knew it but cannot picture life without alcohol. He has a heart-breaking obsession that by some miracle of control he will be able to continue to drink with no ill effect". -- from Daily Tips /AA. ..I thought I could moderate so many times. It didn't work for me :( Sorry you're suffering but there is help -- and you never have to take that first drink again.
It's easy to look at it as self destruction but I think it's just simple addiction for me.  I became accustomed to drinking large amounts over the years so when I choose to drink my lizard brain is all or nothing.  For me seeing alcohol as a simple but serious addiction rather than all these deeper meanings helps.  I'm sure for some people drinking is a way to numb feelings but I don't believe that for myself.  I like the feeling of being pretty drunk.  It's a nice change of pace but my problem is I crossed a line somewhere along the way and I can never go back.  I know this.  It's not unlike a smoker quitting and thinking they can go back to smoking only on the weekends.  Addiction does not work that way for the majority of people. Wish you well.  I will not drink with you TODAY!
Don't be too hard on yourself - that kind of thing comes with the territory of a stag weekend. Pick yourself up dust yourself off forgive yourself and move on. It's important you have made it back here. I'm back on day one again and I will not drink with you today. 
Your filter is blown. Look at it that way. Some folks drink a little over a lifetime others use it all up in a few years like you and me. You're done. Over. Through. ..Stock up on cleansing herbal teas and start to work on cleaning out your liver. Then figure out what you can use as a substitute in the meantime while you recalibrate your life. For me I was in the habit of walking into every corner store and shoplifting a bottle. So I started buying an ice cream bar instead and the sugar sort of kept my liver happy. This was back in the 80's when good weed was hard to come by and expensive. So I stocked up on ounces of cheap Mexican and shake from my grower friends and was smoking huge joints all day long knowing that being a pothead in the long run maybe wasn't a good idea but it wasn't going to kill me like the booze was...Read. Dive into some novels and learn how to check out into a story instead of the bottle. Find some new friends do something dorky and ridiculous volunteer somewhere or spend time in the library or a botanic garden or a museum and ask if they need any help...Know that your new life in a couple of years after the alcohol isn't going to resemble your drinking life hardly at all. It's a life or death decision so you may as well choose life and have some great stories later on to tell...
Appreciate all the words of support guys. Thanks. 
