-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tonyh/relapsed_raped_by_a_best_friend_family_is_begging/

Had a hard week and now I'm wondering if this is the tipping point that will promote real sobriety this time. I have tried over and over again but it seems like there is little hope for me staying sober past a few weeks. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry that happened to you. Maybe this will be the moment that changes things for you. Only you can make that decision. I won't drink with you today.
Is there any way that you could seek medical attention as soon as possible?
Unfortunately there is always a lower bottom until we hit six feet under. But fortunately you can get off the ride whenever it hits your floor and you've had enough...While we all can do some shitty things while drinking that I for one believe we deserve the consequences of being sexually assaulted *is not one of them*. This is not your fault...I can tell you that you will likely find people at a women's only AA meeting who have unfortunately had similar experiences. They will be more than willing to share their experience strength and hope with you. I hope you find peace and healing.
Jesus christ I'm so sorry that happened to you. That's truly awful. I wish you all the best and hope you have a strong support system in place. 
I too was hopeless. But then I did whatever it takes...Bottom is when we stop digging - and do something different...It may mean AA. Or smart or counseling or even rehab.  ..It will not be fun but it's gotta be better than what you are going through...Stay in touch
I'm so sorry this happened to you. Know that it's not your fault and you don't deserve it. Please take extra good care of yourself and if possible get in touch with a mental health professional to help you work through this. In dark times you may feel alone but I hope you know how much everyone here cares about you. 
I'm so so sorry. I've been there with drinking leading to dark places like that. I can tell you the pain will get easier with time and sobriety. I wish you strength. Don't look to far ahead and just take it day by day. Reach out if you need support
The old-timers tend to say that we don't hit rock bottom until we stop digging.
