-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6toq0e/i_got_through_my_bachelorette_party_sober/

I wanted to post this because I spent the entire weekend surrounded by drunk people (my friends included) got offered several free drinks even pushed a shot of liquor away from my face and I still managed to have a good time. I planned on relapsing. I was going to reset my badge before I even left for the event. I told several people I was going to drink but I didn't. I wasn't throwing up on the way home and I still have my dignity...So if anyone is out there thinking "I can't quit until [insert random event]" or "I'm going to relapse on this date because [insert random event]" please take this lesson from me: We are in control of our lives. We make the decisions. We are not the source of everyone's entertainment. And most importantly we do not *HAVE* to drink!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations!!!.And best wishes on your upcoming nuptials!.
Congrats. That's awesome.
You're a hero!! Way to set an excellent example of how to do it! ..I'd love to get more of your insight. Did you have any temptation at all that you had to combat (and if so how) or was it just simply you-don't-want-to-drink-today-ism?
Woo hoo! I find remembering your memories with friends a lot more fun than being so drunk you can't even remember it. Although it may be a little bit awkward at times it's worth it! Congrats!!!
I would not have been able to do that. You're a leader. Please come back and post more often 
That's amazing
Hell yeah! 
Wow when I was at 85 days I would have just cancelled the party.   Good job 
so damn impressive!!
So proud of you Ashley! Keep it up!
That is amazing. I bet you are so much happier than you would have been if you'd drank even a little bit. congrats! (On the marriage too)  Very inspiring. 
So proud of you!
That's awesome! It reminds me of a vacation to the beach I recently went on with friends I've always drank with. We planned this vacation before I stopped...I was very pleased with not drinking for a reason I didn't expect: the whole vacation for everyone seemed to be  where and when will my next drink be?  And  can I get a smoke from you? I forgot mine in the house. ..I'm not here to judge other people but I used to be like that but looking back I feel like I was a slave to the idea of drinking...Staying the course for the long haul. :-)
That's impressive. And I especially liked the details of how it happened in the comments. Congratulations on your upcoming nuptials.  
You're incredibly strong for doing that. Way to go on being in control! And congrats on the upcoming marriage!! :) ..Happy to celebrate by not drinking with you!!
Yasssssssssss!!!!! I am glad to hear you got through it okay and with no resets ;) ;addpoing ;bef ;bef ;bef 
That is out damn standing!! What an inspiration! 
You are amazing!! I remember thinking in my first few weeks of sobriety... "but how will I be sober on my bachelorette party?!" First of all I'm not even seeing anyone and second of all just taking it one day one hour one minute even one breath at a time has made me realize by the time I even get to that party that I will have the tools to be okay and stay strong. Beyond proud of you and so so so inspired!   
That is amazing work. Well done! 
Way to flex that sober muscle! Congrats. 
Congrats!
Well done well done indeed. You're absolutely right you never have to drink if you choose not to.
I don't have words!  You're inspiring so many of us. 
Yes! Amazing! It never occurred to me that Bachelorette parties can be sober. It should've as that will soon be a reality for me and a challenge. You're so inspiring. You've made me realize that I have a cabinet of events that used to be non-negotiably boozy. Wonder what else I can try sober. ..Great stuff. 
Thank you very much for this post. I will read it again at my sister's bachelorette party as well as upcoming wedding as this is exactly what I need to hear. Congrats on being strong as hell!
Thank you!! I'm a gigging musician and the avid test is always the gig with an open bar. Sailed through it yesterday after being on this sub awhile. You are very encouraging! 
That's amazing I would not have been able to do that.
Thanks for posting. I've had a few friends asking me to have a big boozey bachelor party tomorrow. But have been politely declining. The thought of getting drunk or worse having a hang over makes my stomach turn now days...
Loved reading this you rock girl. Isn't the mind a funny thing? Once it is made up all is well. I am realizing more and more how it is the first rounds of drinks that are weird. After that the drunkenness of people is such a huge turnoff that I am better about not drinking. And yes such a fun moment realizing "that was me". 
ur so strong congrats!
Wow you're amazing. Thanks for sharing that you planned on drinking and didn't. It's so honest and admirable to tell the full story. Gives me hope if I ever plan on doing the same thing I can turn it around like you did. 
SO PROUD OF YOU. Wish I could like this 10 more times. 
Congrats! I'm getting married on Saturday and I plan to do it sober...For me sobriety is the reason my fianc  and I are in such a great place and no drink of alcohol is worth sacrificing that. ..Congratulations on your marriage and on 86 days.
Congrats! "We are not the source of everyone's entertainment" wow! That struck a chord w/me! Thanks   
Great post and am happy for you!  We do not have to drink today and I won't!
Congrats! You should be very proud of yourself.  Happy 86!
This is so good to hear!  I will be doing the same and a few weeks ago the thought of doing my bachelorette and wedding sober made me cringe.  Now I can't wait for the memories (that I will actually remember).  Congratulations! 
That is absolutely incredible!
Way to go Ashley thats huge news! Every time you are able to not drink in a hard situation like that you get stronger!
Congratulations and thank you so much for sharing. It is really inspiring. I was (and continue to be tbh) very nervous about a week long trip down the Jersey shore I have planned with friends because in years past it has been a heavily boozy ordeal. But if you can make it through your own fucking bachelorette party I can make it through a trip to the beach. 
My sister's bachelorette this weekend. I'm nervous as hell. People are asking what liquor I am bringing. I don't even want to go into the liquor store 
This is exactly it!! I left for a five day booze fest on my day 3. For a month I'd been telling myself "I'll just quit after Tiki Oasis" but then I realized... whether I do or don't drink that weekend I'm going to take it one day at a time. And I did it! And you did it! Yay for us!!! I will not drink with you today! &lt;3
That's really amazing. So many of these stories echo my own thoughts and my own life. It's great to know you're not the only one thinking "after this football season I'm sober" then it's "after this summer" then next year then whenever and the damage you're doing to yourself is palpable. ..Great work you're really inspiring. 
I love this. This need to be fun for other people must stop.
nice work!!! in the past I did the same thing I said after this party I will stop or cut back and gave myself the excuse to get wasted. Im glad Im not drinking anymore you are right we do not HAVE to drink!.Congrats on the sober bachelorette party and hopefully sober wedding. I was not sober on my wedding i remember most of it but don't remember leaving :( I hope you have a better wedding night than I had! .I wont drink with you today
Wow that is incredibly impressive. If you can get through that without a drink you can get through ANYTHING. Congratulations!! 
Late to the party but I'm really proud of you.
