-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ttqu2/ndv_weight_and_health/

I struggled with my weight for a long time. ..I was anorexic as a teenager and my whole life revolved around drinking as much as I could while eating as little as I could. I continued this behavior as I got older and my drinking got worse (and I started eating junk food late at night to soak up the booze) and in ten years I gained 70 pounds. I was underweight to begin with but those pounds were a huge burden. I was in pain all the time - sore joints acid reflux migraines dehydration. ..When I first quit drinking I like many others turned to sugar to compensate. I gained five pounds. And that was really okay - the most important thing was to not drink. But then at six months sober something wonderful happened. I began to understand eating. I began to value myself. ..Now at almost 11 months I am fifty pounds lighter. I've lost five inches around my hips and waist. I don't hurt all the time - that's almost the best part! I am a healthy weight for the first time since I was little. Drinking has no hold on me and anorexia has no hold on me. I love to eat healthy food and drink lots of cans of sparkling water. I love my afternoon pots of tea with a splash of half and half - and I don't guilt myself for that little luxury. ..The health benefits of sobriety keep coming even if they take a while to show up. If you are starting out on this journey know that wherever you start is okay and wherever you end up will be better. The essential lesson is to love ourselves. Thanks for being here SD and giving us a place to ask for help and to celebrate our successes. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great to hear you're nutritional plan and not drinking is really working out for you. The sparkling water consumption for me is interesting. I've always liked the odd club soda but I'm cracking three or four sparkling waters a day now that I'm not drinking beer. I guess some kind of guilt free replacement my wife wonders how come so much? Oh well healthier than diet cola she likes and the beer I used to drink. My next challenge is ramping up the exercise and cutting back on over snacking. Thought I would have lost a pound in a week but gained instead. Anyway congrats on your achievements! 
&gt; Drinking has no hold on me and anorexia has no hold on me. I love to eat healthy food and drink lots of cans of sparkling water...Super big congrats. I am learning some of the same lessons and though it's like...oh boy this took me a really really long time to learn hey - at least I am learning it. 
Thank you so much for sharing this I am so looking forward to finding a similar place for myself in the future. You are so courageous &amp; I am very glad that you have found peace for yourself :)
Sweet congrats !
I think this type of post is so beneficial. I see so many posts telling people it's okay to binge eat when quitting drinking. Yes sugar is technically better than alcohol... but it's still giving in to that reward/addiction pathway. ..Being mindful and making healthy food choices is a good way for me to build up success and confidence that I can make healthy choices. Cutting out junk food and all sugar has really helped calm the addict voice and remove cravings not only for junk but for alcohol too.  When i indulge in something too sugary the drink cravings come back too. 
Thank you for this encouraging update. I started going to the gym about 6 weeks ago and am getting a bit impatient. I want to lose weight and be healthy!! Thanks for reminding me it can take time and might be a more gradual shift. Congratulations on your healthy new life!
