-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tu061/i_use_this_sub_to_justify_my_drinking/

Between reading posts on this sub and watching the show Intervention it's all to make me feel better about my drinking. I know I drink too much but I feel like if I read posts about people who drink more than I do I can justify me being normal and not an alcoholic...I always drink the most when I am with friends or family...I always drink when my wife is away working I actually look forward to being alone so I can drink by myself...I drink at least a bottle of wine when I'm alone (usually more) I always chase the buzz. I started making wine so I could drink more for less cost and it's easier to hide how much I am going through...I wake up every morning saying "I won't drink tonight it's a Tuesday!". But that doesn't last long...There is always one more event coming that I want to drink at. "I will quit drinking after _________" I tell myself...I have tried all sort of moderation with failure "Only on weekends" "Max 1 drink a day" "Only 5 drinks a week". I can't just have one one turns into 5 really fast...Here I am Tuesday morning. Slight hangover. Didn't get up and workout like I keep wanting too. Writing a rant on this sub for some reason...Good luck you guys keep up with the positive posts. I am going to start reading one of the suggested books because it's obvious I need help going through this. And there is no way I could ever bring myself to admit this problem to the people in my personal life...Restarting Day 1...*Edit:*.*Wow I can't believe all the responses too my hungover rant. Thank you everyone for your words of encouragement and sharing your stories as well. I am going to try and take it one day at a time. I quit smoking about 8 years ago and if I learned anything from that it's that it took me a lot of tries before it really stuck.*..*This sub is a really great place it's nice to be able to talk freely with people who have been down the same road. It's almost reassuring to know that others have struggled and it's not just me.*
----------immediate responses--------

I'm the wine lady.  I will buy the cheapest rotgut I can find in the largest bottle dump the whole thing in a huge cup over ice stick a straw in it and kill it.  I don't even taste it anymore. ..I did that Friday.  ..And I pray to God please let me never do that again...I won't buy a bottle if you won't and I won't drink with you today. 
I try not to compare my drinking history with others for the very reason you stated the old "well I guess I'm not that bad so I don't really need to quit" rationalization. I did finally reach a point where I knew I couldn't go on drinking anymore because it was not a good life at all. I won't drink with you today.
This sounds so much like me before I got sober. I surrounded myself with "real" alcoholics so that in comparison my drinking didn't seem so bad.  It was always such a wakeup call when I was around normal drinkers who would just have one or leave half a beer unfinished or wanted to go for coffee instead of a drink.....I am so glad you are here reading.  I think it is a really important step.  You clearly recognize that you want something to change for yourself - to get rid of the hangovers or to have that morning motivation or whatever else - and alcohol is standing in the way.  Don't worry about the next event or anything - just do not take a drink TODAY.  ..I hope you can hold on to this motivation tonight; maybe go to the gym in the evening if that is when you usually get triggered!  I am not drinking with you today.
Your story sounds familiar to me indeed. I even made wine and beer for years as well. I think the comparing ourselves to others worse off to rationalize our own use of drugs is very common amongst those with a problem...An old saying in recovery groups is "identify don't compare". When these words sunk in I began to see my own issues much more clearly. There would always be someone with a worse problem drinking  buddies who were "real alcoholics" horror stories on the internet drunk uncles crashing their cars brother inlaws with liver failure...The thing was I never compared my life to people who drank moderately or not at all. Had I done this earlier I would not have found myself in my forties fat sick and drunk with others using me as a reason to keep drinking. ..Take good care of yourself. Quitting drinking was the best decision I ever made and you can do it too.
Glad you're here!..&gt;and there is no way I could ever bring myself to admit this problem to the people in my personal life..You're not alone...My biggest obstacle was asking for help.  I finally did to "strangers".  Strangers who understood and respected my anonymity just like I did for them!..I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..My brother wouldn't ask for help.  He took his own life last year.  It was needless unnecessary and tragic.  His false pride took him from people who loved him..
You and I sound like we have similar habits. It doesn't matter if other people are worse off than you. We can all better ourselves and our lives. ..I won't drink with you today. 
I was in a similar spot and now after 44 days I'm seeing life is way easier when it's not all about planning and hiding alcohol. Quit with you today.
I'd like to offer a friendly edit that might be helpful. It'll be in italics:..&gt; there is no way I could ever bring myself to admit this problem to the people in my personal life *today*...But maybe tomorrow. Maybe soon. Because they want you to succeed. We want you to succeed. And sobriety comes with honesty with yourself and others...One other thought: what keeps you from admitting this problem to the people in your personal life? I'm serious. What would happen?
I have been there so many times. I have had more day 1's then I care to count. I am convinced I will never quit but I am trying really hard at moderation. Football season is going to be hard. I feel you..
I used to do the same thing! The people on Intervention are the ones with the real problem not me. I will not drink with you today. 
Totally did the same thing until I couldn't anymore because my story started to match up to the ones on here. Now I have the awesome before and after sobriety pictures of myself something I'm proud to say matches the experiences of others here :) .I won't drink with you today! 
[removed]
All of our stories started out strikingly similar to yours. Things were okay until they weren't. Once you can feel the chains of addiction it's too late to slip out. 
David Carrs memoir is a great read too. When i read it i saw myself but i ignored and that haunts me. Its actually funny how many warnings i got how shitty it had to be before i stopped. Thats my rock bottom keeping on when i knew it was getting out of control
Day 1 is progress deep breath...It's not the wine that will win it's you ! I will not drink with you today !
I could have written your post countless times myself. All the different rules I tried for myself to moderate and cut back. Only wine or beer no shots. Only two drinks in any 24 hr period. No more than ten drinks per week. Never drinking alone etc etc. ..All the different justifications like "I'm not an alcoholic because I don't drink before work. I don't drink every day."..It was an endless cycle for me that lasted over two decades. At least twelve of those years I've been making attempts at moderation and none of them worked for long. Now I'm in my 40s and realize that if I keep drinking the same way I've been drinking for the last 23 years I'm going to be dead before I reach 70. I don't want that. I want to be active and healthy and able to enjoy my retirement in those years. 
I do get your final sentence. Really. Is there one person even just an acquaintance who no longer drinks? They will get what you're dealing with and will stay confidential. I have found that -- and this site -- to be critical in this process. Just a suggestion :)
I used to tell myself that as long as I wasn't drinking at work my problem wasn't as bad I thought. Mistake.  
Hey I did the same thing!.. I don't make an ass of myself at bars!  (I quietly drink in the basement playing video games). I have never gotten a dui!  (I haven't driven drunk recently 10 years ago I had a stint of driving to get munches.). I haven't lost my family or friends over drinking!  (Yet). I don't drink before work or on my lunch break! (Naw I wait until I get home and my family is asleep to get drunk). I can control my drinking!  (Ehhhh....maybe not let's take a break maybe forever.)
Most of us were you at one time. ..You can choose to be whoever you want to be. But you have to want it...I've tried quitting many times for other people and it never worked. This is the first time that I have decided for myself that I am going to stop drinking forever. I am my biggest critic and I will not let myself down. I want it and I am going to have it...You can do the same. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Wow I can't believe all the responses too my hungover rant. Thank you everyone for your words of encouragement. I am going to try and take it one day at a time. I quit smoking about 8 years ago and if I learned anything from that it's that it took me a lot of tries before it really stuck...This sub is a really great place it's nice to be able to talk freely with people who have been down the same road. It's almost reassuring to know that others have struggled and it's not just me.
It used to be the same for me. Then it wasn't. Much easier to regain full control when some still exists...I find if I disregard labels of being an alcoholic or not it really helps me to cope with my problem. I am coming to realize it doesn't flipping matter. I don't want to drink today so I do the things necessary that help me achieve my daily goal. It works. As stated in AA preamble the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking. That's what works for me..IWNDWYT.
I wasn't "like them" either... until I was. Even though the alcoholics on *Intervention* were always so much worse off than me I still avoided watching those episodes. Heroin meth canned air... I'd be all "OMG those people need help! I can't believe they'd let it get so bad!" But put on a drunk and I'd "nope" right out of there. Denial is a helluva drug. ..Eventually I allowed a Tuesday morning to become an acceptable time to drink. It got rid of that nasty hangover from Monday night... when did Monday night become a good night to get tanked? It's a progressive illness. With time *anybody* can get "that bad"... though it's pretty scary how it seems to happen almost overnight for many myself included. ..Stay safe! I won't drink with you! 
I was a functional alcoholic.  I worked a 40 hour job and went to school at night.  I had a house a nice car good friends and family.  But darnit if I didn't have to put away a case of beer every night.  I wasn't out getting blitzed at the bars or sneaking liquor at work just really loved beer right?!..In the end I just resented the lack of control.  There was a substance that I couldn't go X days without.  I would say "I'm just not going to drink for" a certain amount of time then I would.  I didn't like that.  I wanted freedom...There isn't a certain amount of drinking that's too much that applies to everyone.  The only amount that's too much is "more than I wanted to."
Aside from not comparing myself to others one thing that's helped me especially is: remembering that no matter how much you think your drinking problem ISN'T affecting your life you can still die of liver/alcohol related cancers if you're drinking on the regular...And that's no way to die. 
Yeah this resonates with me. My twisted brain has that reaction when I read stories about people worse off than I am. It's like "well you aren't THAT bad!" but omits the important "...yet" at the end. There is ALWAYS someone who drinks more than you or has screwed their life up more than you... it's never an excuse. .Day 1 here for me to. I won't drink with you today!
Read This Naked Mind it's free on this sub and it's great it helped me.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Normal people don't hang out on subreddits asking themselves if they're alcoholics.
I too have watched Intervention for years saying I was not that bad. I have tried quitting twice before lasted a few plus weeks. Those times I did it because I wanted to prove that yes I could I was not a real alcoholic.  But you know what I am a real alcoholic and I want to be a real sober person. I have only said this to you all on here as of now. I am not drinking today. 
I'm at 16 days and everything you described could be me. It's  nice knowing that you and I are basically the same (at least in everything you described here). So even though I know I'm not some super together guy there are other "normal" people out there that are looking to find out that we are going to be OK even if we don't drink. 
Your pattern is much like mine and many others on this sub. No blackouts or puking. Just tired of frequent mild hangovers and the amount of mental energy alcohol was consuming in my life.  Most who know me would be surprised to know how much I drink. ..I would never let someone in my life control me or make decisions for me the way i was letting alcohol do for me. I'm done with the addiction. I'm done abusing my body and poisoning my mind. Its not that way for everyone but it is for me. ..Welcome!  I won't drink with you today!
I am an intensely private person.  I understand what you are saying about not wanting anyone to know.  This is only my 5th day but what I realized was that I was not hiding anything from anyone (even though I mostly drank by myself and became increasingly isolated).  In the past 3 days I started posting on this sub and told 2 of my close friends and one acquaintance.  ..All I said was "I have had enough wine in the past 10-ish years to last a lifetime.  I'm tired of feeling hungover and sluggish.  I decided to stop drinking"  With one friend I cried when I said those words with the others I was stronger.  They have seen me drink wine they aren't stupid.  They were surprisingly supportive and offered to do activities with me that don't involve alcohol. ..I understand that not everyone has this level of support in their lives.  Shoot I didn't know that I did!  I'm just saying don't underestimate the people in your life!  And know that we are here with you!  IWNDWYT!
Sounds all too familiar. At least I only have one DUI... At least I've never been to prison... At least I'm still married... At least my kids don't know how much I drink... At least I still have a good job.....I realized eventually I had two choices. Either quit or live to gradually see every one of these "at leasts" come true. 
I will not be drinking with you today!
