-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tuj44/aw_shoot_90_days_a_thank_you_to_the_community/

Hey SD!  Just wanted to stop by and give this community a huge thank-you for helping me reach the sobriety I have kept up.  I could have never done it without the resources and the people here.  90 days without alcohol seemed unimaginable to me last year and while I will always have to keep the whispering alluring voice of alcohol in check in the back of my head I play the tape forward now and can see that getting trashed and feeling terrible is not what I want for myself.  ..I was in the ER -> hospital back in May because of this and my labs yesterday while still a bit high are finally almost back to normal.  I am thankful for my second chance and the chance to turn my life around because I know there are those that aren't so lucky.  I've learned a lot about health and a lot about my liver in the past three months and realized that my life is too short to spend numb and unaware and then hungover.  And while nobody likes a >6k hospital bill I feel like it was a solid way to get the wakeup call I needed through my head...So thanks again everyone for being here and for being supportive. Your words (reddit and IRC) have meant the world to me on days I was struggling. I will keep on keeping on and won't drink with you today :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 90 days and I look forward to reading about your next 90 days (180). Keep up the good work. 
Great milestone!  Happy 90 days to you.  I'm glad that your health is improving.  You're doing great!
When I look back at my drinking days if I had to spend 10 or 20k to get me to stop it would have been worth every penny. If you took all the money spent on alcohol drs losing 3 teeth to a drunken fight wrecking a car the opportunity costs of everything missed it would easily be 100k or more. That 6k could be the best money you've ever spent in your life even if it doesn't feel like it...Many many congratulations on 90 days friend. That is an awesome accomplishment.
Yay! Congratulations!!!
