-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tyjar/almost_the_end_of_day_5/

...and suddenly feeling heightened anxiety and waves of emotion. ..My SO and I have been semi-heavy drinkers for nearly three years. I've been drinking at minimum a bottle of wine a night...two a night on weekends..It's caused problems. .When I felt it was time to stop I stumbled on this subreddit and The Naked Mind. .I recommend my husband read it and we've been working together on this. . First couple of days have actually been amazing but today I had a heavy discussion with my EX about our son and normally I'd just go get wine. .Now I just want to cry and eat a gallon of ice cream... I feel like this is childish and dumb. I know it's not alcohol but it makes me more frustrated...I'm not going to drink with you all but learning to deal with these emotions again is a big poke of doo-doo...Just venting as I struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

Eat that ice cream let yourself cry. It isn't dumb or childish it is self soothing and you need that right now. Be gentle with yourself. Dealing with exes about children is majorly stressful &amp; straight up you have broken your usual pattern!!! Please try &amp; feel proud of yourself for that :) And I reckon venting is great for the soul...Stay strong stay brave &amp; I will not drink with you
Yes! First few weeks were hard. No healthy coping skills yet and suddenly alcohol is off the table and the emotions are so strong and real and scary. Hang in there. I've been where you are. Things get so much better. Please keep posting. 
I used to be anorexic I would control my emotions by starving myself because all of my attention was focused on not eating and I didn't have the energy to feel anything else. Then I used to be bulimic I would binge eat my emotions and then literally purge them out so I didn't have to feel them. When I turned 21 I started to drink instead. Anxiety/anger/sadness/etc any emotion that was overwhelming for me I drank. Obviously none of this shit is healthy but I'm finally understanding why I did these things. ..We have to learn to let ourselves feel these emotions and we aren't weak for having them. Then we have to find healthy/constructive ways of dealing with them. This is something I'm just starting to learn about myself as well. You need to find something for an emotional outlet. Ideally I would go to the gym or run but I haven't formed those habits yet. And when I'm not feeling well I need more alternatives. 
