-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6tzpwx/why_do_all_of_these_posts_sound_so_familiar_day/

Hello SD I am a long time lurker who has finally come to grips with knowing what I need to do. Every time something negative happens due to my drinking I always say I'm gonna stop or slow down and get on Reddit to read some stories of encouragement and move on. They all sound so similar to situations I'm facing and it provides a certain amount of comfort knowing that I'm not the only one but then it happens all over again. ..I've had a fairly long complex relationship with alcohol over the past 10 years. I wouldn't flat out say I've developed a dependency but just never developed the maturity to know how to control myself. I'm a complete wild card with a drink in my hand. Could have three drinks and be totally fine or 20 black out and piss myself in public. Just never know where/how to stop. I would have to say that it's definitely compounded and made worse by the condition of my underlying mental health. I've struggled with depression anxiety panic attacks manic periods and maybe even some bipolarism...Started drinking at 15 almost immediately after I started I got suspended from school for a situation involving alcohol. This set into play a stream of events that would more or less change my entire life. Drank more throughout high school and college did a lot of really stupid things had meaningless and meaningful relationships that I more or less destroyed due in part to my drinking got arrested blacked out and woke up in the hospital drove drunk countless times nearly ran someone over got lost in a foreign country pissed off/let down my parents friends siblings you name it I've probably done it. ..I've always had the attitude that one day I'll just eventually stop or everyone's a social drinker but eventually they stop so I will too. Nothing too bad even happened this time apart from me getting lost by myself on the way back from the club and having to call in sick this morning but it was enough to finally come to grips with everything and realize that eventually my blackout luck is going to run out. The scariest part is knowing that I have literally no control over myself when I blackout and it's just large sections of time that I have no recollection of ever occurring. I'm scared because that's what I picture what being dead is like and I don't want one of these instances ending up like that. Where I lose consciousness and never regain it. ..I've quit before about two years ago for about six weeks at the advice of my doctor while I transitioned onto Wellbutrin for depression and anxiety and felt great about myself. Started back with a couple of drinks on a first date with a girl when I didn't want to seem like a loser who didn't drink. We're now engaged and it's the most meaningful relationship of my entire life but I'm so afraid that one day she'll realize she's had enough. It all came to head for me when she told me yesterday that after 12 hours straight of not hearing anything out of me she stopped caring if she heard anything at all (not the first time I've blacked out and gone missing on her). She questioned why at 25 years old someone who is a 4.0 MBA student with a great job beautiful fianc  loving family and so much potential could lose it so bad on a Sunday night that they have to call in sick Monday morning? I totally understand and see it now. ..I apologize for the wall of text but I just had to get it all out there. I need change I need accountability I need help. I have enjoyed silently observing this sub for over a year now but now I'm ready to seriously commit to this. Thank you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm glad you got it all out. I hope that soon you will be able to relate more to the success stories here than the painful ones. Sending you all the luck my friend. 
&gt;This set into play a stream of events that would more or less change my entire life...Quitting drinking did this for me as well. Just something to consider. ..Good luck to you..
I will not drink with you today.
Thanks for sharing. So much of this resonates with me. We can do this!! I will not drink with you today!
