-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6u16t8/missed_a_year_so_a_post_for_389_days/

"A lot can change in a year." I say this a lot. Sometimes to be funny but mostly just because it's true and it amazes me. ..It's really astounding how far you can go just making decisions one day at a time. ..I thought I drank to cope with depression and anxiety. I thought there was something wrong with me. I didn't think I was capable of being "normal". And I wasn't so long as I kept drinking. Last week my therapist told me she thought I was doing really well and should go down to every other week if I was comfortable with that. ..There is so much more peace and gratitude and love in my mind now. My absolute #1 MOST IMPORTANT advice is to treat yourself like a friend. Don't say anything to yourself that you wouldn't say to a friend. Don't beat yourself up. I praise and encourage myself. I validate my feelings. ..I've gone through hard times and struggles during these 389 days. That's just life. There will always be times of stress. Each struggle is an opportunity to learn and grow. ..Monday I smoked my last cigarette. I'm so excited to see where I am in a year. Like I'm legitimately excited about my life and improving it more. I used to only get excited when drinking was involved. I am endlessly grateful for my sobriety. ..Thank you all for being here. I could not have done it without this place. One day at a time can get you pretty damn far. I'm not drinking with you today!.
----------immediate responses--------

You've got it! Good wisdom in "treat yourself like a friend" and "Each struggle is an opportunity to learn and grow." Words I live by.
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!!
I love your advice - treat yourself like a friend. Thanks for a great post and congrats on 389!!! I will not drink with you today.
Treat yourself like a friend. ..Wisdom for the ages. This is why I read this sub. Thank you 
Woo hoo yay you! Congrats on a year and good luck with quitting smoking! Its going to make your skin look even younger :)
Great advice!  And congrats!
I'm always saying how excited i am about life when I'm sober but i only just realised this. Life is exciting! 
Love your words. Congrats! 
This is great thanks!
