-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6u375g/577_days_just_need_to_vent/

Sorry for the negative. I am so tired. Im 28 and I feel like im 15 when I was depressed and miserable taking anti depressants wearing all black listening to good charlotte and cutting my upper wrist because it somehow made me feel better and was a cry for attention. .. Not that im doing any of thoose things im a father of 2 a single income provider and I am DESPERATLEY trying to pull myself up from a weight I can feel that just holds me down from feeling happy...I cant drink I cant excersie I cant do day to day activities I cant eat almost any food. Ive lost 130ibs. I am sick. Im not sure where this is going to lead if this was from drinking or just something thats happend to me. The doctors cant figure it out I am in constant fear of my next hostpital visit. Its from Gerd Its from my liver its all from my drinking? Its been 577 days without drinking but nothing is getting better. What more can I do. I dont drink I dont eat I cant do anything without being dizzy tired and after fighting this battle (with the attacks) for 4 years now I am so so so so so so tired. I have a 9 month old and a 4 year old. I love them and I would never leave them not a question. Not a heartbeat of consideration. But im not my best right now. Im not my best at work at home at life. ..Im so tired. Not just physically but I feel like im slipping on my own battle. I cant keep up this endless struggle. I just want to curl up and feel better. Where is the life I used to have? It feels like its so far away ill never be able to reach it. I might not ever be able to whatever is happening to me might lead to the end.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey buddy I'm sorry about how you're feeling. I feel the same most days and I think medical attention is probably the best thing for me. If you don't eat you're not going to have any energy. My lack of motivation/energy is because I'm depressed. In turn my depression makes me not want to eat. It's like an endless cycle... I'm not too sure how you drank but it's hard to say how your life would be if you still did. If you drank like I did you wouldn't be able to raise your kids or work a job. That's a lot of responsibility on your shoulders not something to down play. You're supporting others and that's amazing...I think what your lacking is self-care. Maybe start exercising or switch up your routine a bit. Maybe take a vacation. I'm not sure if you do already but I suggest seeing a psychotherapist...Keep your head up! You're worth it!
I am sorry you are struggling. Kudos by the way for 577 days! I don't know if you have seen specialists or not. ..It sounds like you could use more support. What helped me was having a therapist and going to AA meetings. ..I hope you find answers and feel better soon.
Have you had any procedures scans or blood work to rule out physical causes?
Hello there. I really relate to what your saying. I'm the same age as you and going through a patch where I am dead tired all the time as well. When i'm tired i'm more stressed. When i'm too stressed I can't eat. To the point of feeling dizzy and lightheaded like you. I can't tell you what the problem is but I can share how I try get through those patches...I try to eat very small snacks here and there. I try to find ANYTHING that sounds edible and nibble at it. But sometimes I'm just not hungry - for days or weeks at a time. It's a weird concept not to ever be hungry but it's so hard to eat when you're that stressed.  I personally had to break down and buy the Boost Nutritional drinks just to get some calories and vitamins. Your body NEEDS something. It will feel so much better when you have some basic operating fuel. Even if you don't feel like eating a (Boost Ensure Pediasure) is only a few gulps and makes a huge difference...And sometimes yes it feels like an endless struggle. I feel that way often. But you came here instead of the alternative. You have survived 28 years on this crazy Earth. That's an accomplishment in itself. Keep up the good work! 
Medicine worked wonders for me when coupled with a counselor. I found it much better to pop a 10mg Paxil each day to keep my chin up then slam a bottle of booze. You may want to consider looking into antidepressants or anti-anxiety medications. 
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation. I'm sending all my best wishes to you. You said earlier that you feel selfish. Don't! If your needs are not met you won't be able to meet the needs of your family. You have to have something to give something. And my experience with therapy is that you can never really foresee what will come out of it. A good therapist will lead you to doors and ideas that you simply don't see :-)
