-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6u6urj/day_2_help/

I'm back on day 2 once again the biggest thing I struggle with is battling with my anxiety. It's so frustrating because I truthfully don't want a sip of alcohol but the only time my brain is shut up and I'm not in constant worry of everything is when I have alcohol in my blood. I know the alcohol will only make my anxiety about my health and life worse; how do you deal with these awful thoughts racing in your head?
----------immediate responses--------

On day three here. Honestly the anxiety and no sleeping is what gets me. Anxiety through the roof freaking out about what I've done The Fear then I can't sleep to boot. I then weigh drinking to feel better or going to a dr. Then I say it will only make it worse to drink again check this sub a 100 times try watching tv or reading or taking a walk but in reality I just know that day one and two are the worst I will feel and that it will only get better. Had a saying in the military to embrace the suck. So I just have to gut check and bare it for the first couple days unfortunately. And tell myself anxiety will not kill me and it will pass then come again. 
I practice yoga regularly. That helps with tuning into now and shutting down the negative thoughts. 
Well when I removed the alcohol from "me" I was left with alcohol-less ME...I started to recognize that I had my "Big 7": fears resentment impatience intolerance guilt pride and anger...I was able to address those and get tools to process more quickly and effectively...When I addressed those my anxiety and the swirling thoughts diminished and receded.  Now days go by without a hint of it.
I have anxiety as well.  Not drinking definitely decreases a lot of those racing thoughts. One less thing to worry about right? ..I like to keep busy when I'm anxious.  Exercise really helps  but it's not always easy to find motivation in times of high anxiety...I think it's also important to talk about what you're feeling anxious about.  Sometimes it feels good to say the words out loud rather than just allowing those thoughts to run circles inside your head. 
It's the alcohol that does that.  Sure its manageable when your drunk but then the next several days you have increased anxiety.
