-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uaw8f/ive_been_lying_about_my_sobriety_and_it_caused_me/

I originally gave up drinking last summer and I made it many months without a single drink and almost a whole year without getting drunk. At the time I intended to be sober forever but instead of telling people that  I led them to believe I was sober as a weight loss thing or to get my life in order. I didn't want people to think I was weak or had a problem I guess. ..Well of course my wires got crossed and I started to believe myself that I didn't intend to be sober forever and that I could moderate and that drinking is this lovely romantic thing. ..3 weeks ago I could tell I was falling off the wagon but I didn't go 'too far'. So I decided to quit. Then I made an exception based on a stupid loophole I convinced myself of. That night I went 'too far' but nothing bad happened. So I committed to sobriety again but that idea of moderation was still tickling in there which led to a bottle of wine at a fancy restaurant with my husband. ..That night I went way too far. AND something bad happened. It was the worst thing I've ever done and I'm still having trouble processing it. I'll post it here when I'm ready but right now I'm just so glad that no one died and the only person who was really hurt was me. ..The real kicker is the VERY NEXT DAY I had a beer. Because we met new friends and I didn't want them to think we are 'weird sober people'. I am disgusted with myself. ..So now I'm sober. Not until my shits together not until I grow up but always. And I'm going to start telling people that. I have a Bachelorette party this weekend and even though the bride will be pouty I'm not going to drink. I'm going to be that weird sober person. That person is a good mom and a good woman. That's who I want to be. ..I'm sober. My husband is sober. Hallelujah. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry something bad happened but glad you are here now. I've had a few years sober under my belt in the last and I was a better person mom and wife. Welcome! IWNDWYT 
I've come to the conclusion that nothing good comes out of drinking. I had a rock bottom moment a couple months ago where I woke up in my car at the side of a road near a tree after hearing that I got super drunk and was being intimate with someone that night wasn't my partner. I got sober for a month then went on a bender to forget it all but it just made things so much worse. ..At least you are still here trying to get your sobriety in order. It will only get better with time! A lot of us are struggling but all we can do is take it day by day. I will not drink with you today!
You've gone several months before you can do it again (and beyond). That's what I've been telling myself at least. We can do this!
That's great! I was the weird sober person at a party last weekend. Let them think what they will I know it's the right thing for me.
It helps me to look at it as a choice between possibly being labelled by some as a weird sober person now versus being seen (and being) a pathetic old drunk in the years to come.
"Decide what to be and go be it" - The Avett Brothers. My husband reminds me of this all the time. Also I like weirdos ;) I won't drink with you today.
