-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ucm8q/not_sure_if_this_is_related_to_withdrawals/

I'm finding today to be very trying moreso than the last few and it's not because I want a drink. God no. I'm actually feeling really good about my abstinence from drinking. I'm feeling like I can actually go without from now on...No what I'm dealing with besides some nausea and headaches from withdrawals is an intense frustration with others...I'm at work surrounded by co-workers and it seems every little thing is setting me off. That girl won't stop clicking her pen that man's laugh is too loud and annoying he's screaming his opinion about something he knows nothing about etc...Now normally I would just shrug off things that annoy me. If someone says something offensive or dumb to me or even just around me I just go whatever man and ignore them. But today?..I'm finding I have little to no patience for anyone and anything. It makes me think .y drinking kept me in this sort of "cooperative" mood all the time. That's not a reason to go back to drinking but I just thought it was interesting...If you need me I'll be at my desk struggling to keep my comments to myself.  
----------immediate responses--------

Yep normal! ..Try not to beat any co-workers to death with your keyboard until it passes... eventually you'll even out... ;&gt;)&gt;..Well done on 6 days already I won't drink with you today!..Sending good vibes for fortitude and patience!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Yeah it's all part of the process. I am on get away with SO and just had to leave pool because of that woman's SEVEN kids kept on and on I was going to lose my shit. Just so loud. (Really small.pool area at mostly business travel hotel) we will get this... hopefully with out a visit from the police.... congratulations on your 6 days!! 
Totally normal! I remember one day having a massive temper tantrum at my cats because they were being ~~assholes~~ cats and then wondering where this immense frustration was coming from. It passes!
I feel you on this! I'm on Day 8 and my mood is starting to even out slightly but when I get home and it's my usual happy hour time any little thing can set me off. The dog barks too loud my girlfriend doesn't know where the remote is [luckily she's being incredibly patient with me the angel!] ..Instead of reaching for the bottle as I would almost comically do any time something annoying happened now I just take a few deep breaths and reach for this sub. Really helps when my feelings are 'hot.'..All this is to say: you're not alone! And though being annoyed by others can sometimes bring about a different kind of loneliness just know it will be short-lived and as our sobriety lives on we will become more mellow and connected to our 'fellow humans' than we've ever been...good luck and stay strong. you got this!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am experiencing the exact same thing.  I hope it gets better.  Because people really annoy me and I hate being bitchy
I eat sugarless candies when that happens.  My new way to self-soothe.
Yup it's just part of it and it will get better. On the other side you may find that you actually have more patience but in the meantime even relatively small annoyances can seem much bigger than they truly are.  I will not drink with you today.
A couple weeks sober and I found myself screaming at video games. And I mean really loud long screaming and cursing. I had to sit back and chill out some days because the games would get me so worked up for some of the most minor and stupid things. I've been getting better thought. Your emotions do seem to go a little haywire at times.
