-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uf8ze/spoke_with_my_fianc _about_moderation_and/

A few days ago my fianc  and I were chatting and somehow the conversation came around to him saying he would be okay with me having a beer with him in a restaurant setting...Now why this particular setting I'm not sure and didn't think to ask.  My brain was whooping and jumping about and yelling "You can drink what are you waiting for!?"..I had a few days of work left before I had any time off so I went to work that night and was unable to think of anything but how that cold beer was going to taste.....The next day we talked a little more and he said it:.."Yeah if you want to have a drink on holidays or special occasions that's fine with me.  Its not like this is going to be a weekly or even monthly thing right?"..And oh mannn did I get *mad*.  I sat on the couch and quietly seethed for a few minutes.  Who does he think he is?  Why can't I decide when I get to drink?  What if I want one after work?  Hell what if I want two?  There is no way I'm agreeing to this...And then I realized that I was angry and I realized why I was angry and *then* I realized that I can. not. moderate.  And I had to post this because I am so damn proud of myself for in all my years of trying to quit and relapsing and trying to moderate and binge drinking for months and quitting again have I ever come to this conclusion before...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. It's a really heavy thing to realize but for me it was a huge weight lifted when I did. I won't drink with you today. 
Moderation as it seems to me; only people who should never attempt it aspire to it.  
Good for you.  
You're four days ahead of me! I can't moderate either...Congrats on 338!
Basically if it's something that we need to 'moderate' it's a problem...Normal people don't moderate drinking they just have a few at the football or a glass with their steak or whatever. They put no thought into it...It's only drinkers that think in terms of 'moderation' and that is always going to be a problem because every time we moderate we are actively holding back. Normal drinkers don't need to 'hold back' at 2 bottles of wine or their 3rd glass of gin...
Congrats on hanging tough!  I won't drink with you today.  Remember HALT:  Hungry angry lonely tired.
I am so glad to read this as it's something I've struggled with as well. Thank you so much for sharing and making clear exactly why I can't moderate like I've never realized before. I dumped out the rest of my half empty bottle of wine. I will not drink with you today. 
Wow awsome! Congrats on 339 i will not drink with you today:)
Holy shit so scary...It sound obvious now but you really can't let anyone else make comments that may dictate if and when you might be able to have a drink. We just can't. Any suggestion by someone else they may be ok with you drinking is a red flag immediately; and you need a technique just say "no thank you" to any suggestion by anyone else you may wish to try having a drink. 
Well done you! That's an impressive amount of days you've racked up and it certainly looks like you've had to dig deep to get through this. 
Nobody really moderates with a highly addictive substance. Those who 'do' (or claim to they probably also don't pick their nose or maturbate either) are on a slippery slope as it is and eventually even they fall in.
Brilliant. Well done.
People who aren't alcoholic just don't understand I wish I could drink normally but I can't
I just posted an exact same thought a short while ago. ..I've tried to control my drinking over the past few months once I realized the decisions made while drunk would never stand scrutiny if I'm sober. Earlier in the year I gave up drinking for 60 days longest streak ever! Tried to moderately drink again ended up with a hooker in my hotel room which I have never done before. Gave up for a while again and then tried drinking almost had unsafe sex with a stranger I met at a club. Gave up and tried again to moderate ended up drinking till 3 am and went home with another stranger. There is no moderation and no good decision made if I have to actively tell myself to stop. I have a problem with drinking and making bad decisions and I need to address it now. Hopefully I can fix both these problems which are somewhat related. 
OMG the alcohol never lets go does it?  Even after 339 days . "...so I went to work that night and was unable to think of anything but how that cold beer was going to taste..."  I really don't miss how much time drinking and thinking about alcohol consumed my life.  So proud of you for working through this.  You're an inspiration!
He doesn't understand alcoholism does he. (that's not a question). What kind of conversations have you had with him about your allergy? Does he know it will not change? ..Great conclusion about not being able to moderate. I am totally with you there. I realized it five days before my last bender lol 683 days ago. 678 days ago I stopped drinking for good. Because I can. not. moderate...I am proud of you. .I will not drink with you today.
I can't even have one donunt  
WhoooHOO you! So happy for you! When it clicks it all becomes so much easier. I just keep coming back here so that I'm surrounded by sanity and experience. Congratulations on your engagement   and I'm not drinking with you today!  
WhoooHOO you! So happy for you! When it clicks it all becomes so much easier. I just keep coming back here so that I'm surrounded by sanity and experience. Congratulations on your engagement   and I'm not drinking with you today!  
Glad you realized this. Moderation is a lie. Its sounds like you're boyfriend is trying to be supportive.  Good for him. He probably just doesn't understand we cant control alcohol like some people can. It controls us. ..Side note - I hope this is the only area where needing permission from him for anything is acceptable. I've been married 28 years and lived with my husband for 5 before we married. My husband has never "let" me do anything. It might just be the way you worded it and I'm reading way too much into it. I say this with kind intent. 
Fantastic post and thank you for sharing. Seriously who in the fuck can drink like the way your fianc  described? I know I can't do it like that!
Good for you! That is VERY hard I don't know how I would come out with the same situation at the day count I have right now. I KNOW I can't moderate now finally but the voices oh those cleva voices that tell me I can and then if my SO gave me an in....oy! I admire your strength congrats!!
You are wise! I will not drink with you today oh wise one..
Congratulations. Awesome to hear that your defense systems kicked in and you were able to quell your addiction's voice. I will not drink with you today!
My husband tried the same thing saying I will moderate it for you...and I am like really you just don't understand...and that's okay but please stop offering it to me....he has seen the worst of me...I will not drink with you today
/r/stopdrinking with all the great posts today.  Everything is really resonating with me today.  Thank you so much for posting this. 
Great job on staying strong. I read somewhere on this sub that went along the lines of first you become aware then you acknowledge and not until you accept the problem will you be able to address it. ..I had a very similar conversation with my wife - I told her she doesn't need to quit drinking because she can stop at any time. I on the other hand can't stop and therefore needed to quit. ..I won't drink with you today.  
Thank you for sharing this. Well done. Quite the realisation.
I thought you were going to say you were mad he was even suggesting such a thing. I'm assuming he's seen you suffering... But I guess it's never their job to understand this.
Pretty sure that most of us are in the same boat with not being able to moderate. I know for damn sure I can't. One turns into a lot very quickly. Even if I go in thinking shit like yeah I'm totally going to just have one that thought process completely changes after I have one. ..I don't want just one. Or two... I want to get drunk. That's what I'm here for to get drunk. The hell is one going to do for me?..Anyway I don't even want anymore. It's really nice to be able to go out with people who do drink and be able to see it and genuinely not want it. Sometimes the smell is just gross to me now. 
You *should* be proud of yourself.  Very proud.
&gt;It's only drinkers that think in terms of 'moderation' and that is always going to be a problem because every time we moderate we are actively holding back...I have learned that I cannot moderate but I hadn't thought of it that way before... it helps me to see myself a little more clearly. thanks and great job on 339 xBat!
When I was at about day 60 my wife and I were talking about if and when I can start drinking again. The conversation went something along the lines that it was okay for me to have a drink every once in a while but not going out drinking to get drunk. ..I immediately thought "wait that's not fair why would I want to drink if I'm not going to 100% drink and not hold back?"  It made me angry too thinking about  it. ..I think the fact that I even have that reasoning process means that something is broken. 
