-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uk3id/what_was_the_single_most_factor_that_helped_you/

I'm searching for it and I want it to stick this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Jail time. Hey...it worked. And I'm a functional member of society now. 
[removed]
The thing that initially tipped me off was just being sick and tired of showing up to work or dealing with my family while hungover for years and years now... and being disappointed in myself for letting it go on that long...... But the thing that "made it stick" was seeing the results. Really stopping and taking stock of how much better things were getting day after day week after week. My wife is happier my kid is happier my brain feels like it's working on overdrive I have more energy in every respect I feel physically great I feel funny and smart and actually happy to be myself for the first time in years. It's like breaking out of prison. I don't want to go back in there.
For me it was a lost weekend when my SO and son were out of town and I had the place to myself. I literally drank myself into a stupor the entire weekend. I had always drank quite a bit and considered myself a functioning alcoholic - whatever that means. This was different - it was stupid and dangerous. It took me a number of days to recover and I came to realise I had a problem and under different or perhaps the situation at that time I could drink myself to death. This scared the shit out of me. I told my SO I was quitting and poured everything down the sink joined this subreddit and never looked back - no regrets at all.
Honestly it was AA.  I've also been to Refuge Recovery and SMART meetings.  It's the real life support.  
Desperation made me willing to do whatever it took to get well. 
Having both a short term goal (stay sober today) and a long term goal (be 5 years sober when my son turns 18).  
The pain of drinking finally became more than the pain of not drinking.
These are fantastic reasons and I can relate to so many of them. I'm going to read this thread every time I have a weak moment. I'm excited to get off the merry go round and will plan to utilize some of your suggestions in this post. Thank you so much for sharing!!
My reasons for quitting this time around were a combination of being tired feeling hopeless and being scared for my health. ..Then I lost my aunt to addiction and her resultant poor health about a month (or less) into my new sobriety. I had to face some very heart-wrenching realities of where addiction goes as we age - what we turn into and what we lose. Insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results right?. I loved my aunt but she was very very alone. Her world was small. Connection is the opposite of addiction. .
I know you asked for one but two things for me: 1. The self loathing - I couldn't take it anymore. It just wasn't worth it. 2. AA for support and being able to see that were a whole lot of folks doing things 1 day at a time....
I'd tried sobriety several times and always failed. I'm 6 mos sober as of today and for the first time ever feel VERY stable in my sobriety. I don't think about drinking as often anymore and really don't miss it. I'm not saying it's easy (it's hard and always will be) but it's been a lot different this time around.  ..Why? Because I realized that I've done everything I've wanted to do drunk. I've had my fun nights. A lot. They were a blast but I'm older now (late 20s) and won't regret not drinking anymore.  Realizing that I've done everything when drunk made me realize that alcohol no longer adds anything. I won't miss out on anything because I've already done it.  ..That realization made sobriety much easier.
I drank because I was depressed. I was depressed because I drank...I wanted out of that cycle /fat bastard voice
This time I didn't have to search.  I just broke down and truly accepted I had a problem and needed help to stop.  I hadn't lost my kids.. yet.  I hadn't lost my job.. yet.  I hadn't had a DUI.. yet.  Whatever caused that moment I saw it all coming.  I checked myself into detox about 12 hours later.  I don't know why but it stuck.  No craving.  No obsessing over the clock until the stores close.  I'm content and taking steps to fix all the shit I broke over the last yay many years.. ..I hope you can find it.
My uncle is currently in the hospital with a 50/50 chance of surviving drinking-related pancreatitis. Time to break the habit.
I will try out a few meetings and see how I like them. I need to bc I think it will really cement sobriety for me and provide that support I don't have currently! I'm glad to know that I'm not the only nervous one before a first meeting. I'm going to try to find a meeting in the coming week. Thank you!
The pain of the consequences from my drinking became unbearable.  I had no choice but to try to find a way stop.  I was desparate and it was a blessing.
I turned my obsession with booze into my obsession with sobriety. I finally got tired of making excuses and was honest with myself about how it really was a problem. Once I stopped justifying my behavior to myself a switch flipped and I craved that freedom from drinking. And then I did everything in my power to keep that desire for freedom foremost in my mind. It was no longer a deprivation to be sober it was FREEDOM from the obsession and horrible feelings. I chased that freedom with recovery books SMART meetings a regular presence on this sub and replacing drinking habits and friends with healthier activities and outlets. It's still a challenge at times but the feeling of freedom is real. 
