-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ulsz7/just_make_it_home/

We all have different habits. One of the biggest hurdles I had to get over was the dreaded stop on the way home from work. You know what I mean right? Have to stop every night on the way back to get your supplies for the night.....So to those with that struggle and trying to quit I say this: Never stop on your way home from work. For anything. If you need to go back out after you get home then fine. Even if you go back out to get booze and haven't fully quit yet then do it that way. ..Just break the habit of your nightly stop - it was a huge step for me on my path to a happy sober life...Happy Friday! :)
----------immediate responses--------

Almost ran out of gas today for that reason! 
Good advice! Having to go back out again after a long day is a drag and can be just the ticket to make a different choice for the night! I know once I get home and finally sit down. That's it man I am done!
Not only did I stop at the same Hess every day on the way home from work to get a 12 pack of bud light lime I'd drink my first beer of the night on the 25 minute ride home starting at the same point along the journey (speed sign going north on Rt 107) EVERY SINGLE WORK DAY for the past 10 years. ..It's nice not having to stop and I honestly haven't been thinking about my road soda on the way home. Actually I've been shopping for treats for myself here and there on the way home as I have lots of extra cash from not buying booze. With the extra $120 a week I buy myself clothes or some knick knacks for the house. Tomorrow I'm going to get a massage after my morning run! This sober thing isn't as bad as I thought though it is also very challenging and difficult at times. ..IWNDWYT
The dreaded programmed stop on the way home was my undoing and undoing that programming was the key to getting sober.  One of the ways I did that was to pound at least a liter of water right before leaving work.  That would preempt the excuse of being thirsty and depending upon the traffic make it so that I had to *go* pretty badly by the end so all I wanted to do was get home and pee.:)  It was quite an effective strategy! 
Yeah... I basically had to be out *with* someone for that first week or just stay home in the evenings and get any groceries during the day. That seems to be easing now though.
