-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uu1fj/celebrating_a_special_sdr/

Congrats to /u/dogsandcatsandallthat! You've hit your year! ..I know that so very many people in the chatroom draw strength and inspiration from you. ..Dude you were my first good friend in the room. We joined within a month or so of each other and walked some of this road together. Your friendship has been invaluable to me and others. ..You've been there for countless newbies oldtimers relapsers and inbetweeners. There's really no telling how many lives you've touched. ..Without your compassion friendliness honesty and really stupid jokes SDIRC just wouldn't be the same. ..Today we celebrate you you silly son of a chook. May you always come ;bang ;bang into the room and decend upon the ascii geese in a fury of terrible puns and welcomeness &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Wait a minute.. "really stupid jokes"? You seem to have me confused with someone else..In all seriousness thanks a lot QK. You came to the chat a couple of weeks after me and we've been riding the highs and the lows for a long time now..I'm really proud of your progress little sis and you've contributed a lot to my week being..Thanks for being there and thanks for your well wishes..&lt;3.
Nice post for a nice dude. Congrats Doggo!!!!
Thanks for all the help and support Dogs. And congrats on the 365!
Hot diggity! One year!...Congrats on the achievement D&amp;C. I echo Quitten Kittens sentiments as well :D :D :D..mike_m_82..(dives back into SD-IRC) 
Sir - you've picked me up when I've been down countless times.  And I'm not alone.  You offer your hand to everyone that wanders in to SDIRC.  You offer your experience and you offer your story.  You listen without judgement and you care...I'm truly humbled to call you me friend /u/dogsandcatsandallthat
Count me as one of those inspired by Dogs. Congrats and all the best to ya mate!
Congrats Goose God! Don't know where I'd be without all your great advice and friendship &lt;3..P.S what does :3 mean?
;rmpoint Doggo
congrats dogs. I don't know whether I would have done this without you but I'm glad as hell that I didn't have to. Thanks for always being there
Congrats! You're part of what makes #stopdrinking good!
congrats to my favorite ginger ninja /u/dogsandcatsandallthat.without you this place would not be the same &lt;3
aw what a sweet friend you are!..Congrats DCandAT!!!
Congrats on your year. You are an inspiration 
Doggo got a year?!? Nice!
