-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uu51b/dopamine_and_addiction/

So I learned while reading my new books on sobrietythat having an addiction messes with your dopamine levels. The substance of choice constantly raises your dopamine levels so that it becomes increasingly difficult to reach desired levels of pleasure. And that after going sober basically everything sucks because you can't hit that level of "high" that you're used to...And so much makes sense. It makes sense why I stopped liking pretty much everything except drinking. And it makes sense after quitting/trying to quit why everything sucks that much more. I don't know how to explain to my family and friends that I'm struggling with this and need them to help me through....when do things start to feel good again after going sober? How long does it take to establish a normal baseline dopamine level? Has anyone else struggled with this? What did you notice helped you through?
----------immediate responses--------

There's a great book called Staying Sober that breaks this down. After going through acute withdrawals there is a period of Post Acute Withdraw whereby the body and brain are trying to readjust to normal levels. I've read that it can take anywhere from 6 months to 16 months. 
Interestingly if depressingly dopamine isn't actually associated with pleasure. Lots of people believe this but it's not backed by recent research. Instead dopamine is associated with _craving_. The more dopamine is present in your brain when you do something the more you will subsequently want to do it but this relationship has no bearing on how much pleasure you feel...Once upon a time you used to drink because you found it enjoyable but at some point you switched from _liking_ to drink to _needing_ to drink. That's the dopamine...High levels of dopamine cause you to want not to enjoy...I think to some extent you're going to have faulty wiring for a long time. Since I quit almost 8 months ago I've been craving cigarettes almost constantly which is weird because I quit smoking years ago. Eventually I had one and didn't enjoy it at all but I still want to do it again. ..That one cigarette finally made the light turn on in my head: there is no quantity of nicotine or alcohol that will ever satisfy my cravings. I can never have enough because it's not that I _like_ those things it's that my wiring is faulty and I _crave_ them...I know that sounds like bad news but actually it's not...&gt; after going sober basically everything sucks because you can't hit that level of "high" that you're used to..Well no. There's nothing wrong with your pleasure circuitry. It still works just fine. It's your needing circuitry that's out of whack. That means that all the things you liked before - being outside in the sunshine sex riding a bike a good meal laughing so hard you nearly wet yourself a warm bath a good film a best friend - those things feel just as good as they did before things went sideways. ..The only difference right now is your expectation. You're afraid that nothing will feel good ever again because you've given up your best friend - booze...It's worth pointing out that days 4 and 5 were bleakly miserable for me to the extent that I was crying on my way to work but day 6 I woke up with a whole new perspective on the world...Pretty soon you're going to have a morning where you wake up and everything just feels ... okay. And when you do you're going to remember that the world is a good place to be and that there are a million things that you still love to do and that it's all going to be alright - better than it was when you were drinking.
For me i find exercise really helps and being outside in the fresh air. It gets easier so stay strong. 
