-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6uvuac/i_have_had_an_interesting_few_days_i_drank_and_it/

Background: I'm currently serving a two-year contract teaching math in Mozambique as a PCV. This past week was our Close of Service conference where all the people that arrived in Moz when we did came together for the last time to close out our work. There were 50 of us there and there is a really strong drinking culture. ..Additional back story: I had made it to day forty before my last relapse. The relapse was fueled by sneakiness and I snuck drank a bottle of wine and blacked out. More than the drinking I hated the lying aspect of the relapse because my SO is super supportive of me and this process and there is absolutely no reason to lie to him. ..This conference was two days long and both nights we had parties after session. The first night it was at our boss's super nice house and there was unlimited alcohol flowing. Before we went I told my SO that if it comes between me wanting to sneak drinks or just pour a glass of wine out in the open I was going to do the latter. My number one goal of the night was not lying or sneaking. The number two goal was not drinking at all. During the party there was a couple of times I was tempted to have a glass of wine. Everyone was dancing and drinking and having a great time and I wanted to indulge for this special occasion. But then I would ask myself if a glass of wine would add anything to the experience and the answer was always no. I made it through the whole party without a single sip...and it's not because I was abiding by a hard and fast rule I set for myself. Instead I gave myself a choice and honestly chose not to drink. The decision came with almost no anxiety and instead a pleasant contentedness. My SO was really proud of me but would have also been proud if I would have chosen a glass of wine over lying. Because of my mindset going in-- an option rather than backing myself into a black and white corner--I was able to make a clear minded decision and keep my honesty promise. ..The next night was our last night all together and I knew that again there would be lots of drinking. Since this was without our boss I was anticipating bottles of liquor being consumed without abandon. We planned to go out to dinner with another couple before the party to our favorite restaurant in Maputo. This restaurant has the best sangria ever and I was honest with my SO when I told him I wanted to have sangria at dinner. He asked me if I would be ok with that or if I thought it would lead to wanting more booze. I told him that I wasn't sure and that we could talk about it after dinner. We agreed to split a glass of sangria. It was nice. It tasted good and I did not have the urge to order another drink after. It was a nice compliment to dinner and we left sober. We got ice cream and headed to the party. My SO asked how I was feeling and I said that I didn't feel any effects of alcohol and wasn't really wanting another drink. We went to the party and hung out with some friends that we might not see again (in Moz or Stateside). When offered a Hunter's (cider) I took it. I drank it slowly over about two hours. Many people in my group know me as a drinker and I didn't want to explain not drinking on a night when everyone else was. Also tbh it just sounded good. I enjoy the taste of cider and having something to sip on. While I was sipping my one cider like a normal adult I was watching everyone else abuse alcohol. Some people were even drinking straight liquor while pinching their noses shut because they hated the taste...but wanted to get drunk fast. It looked ridiculous. I watched people very quickly begin to lose control of their actions and I was so content to not be doing it with them. It was so nice to have been able to focus on conversations and music rather than getting wasted. ..When I got sleepy I called it a night and went to my room and went to sleep. I woke up without a hang over and also not feeling regretful about drinking. While I could have had just as good of a time without the sangria or the Hunter's I'm glad I drank them because now I know. This was concrete evidence that I actually had a better time not being drunk. I think this was a really important step in my sobriety because it was the first party I went into not focusing on the buzz. ..I experienced the fact that parties are fun because of the people and not because of the booze. Booze didn't enhance my experience but could have very easily destroyed it. I'm very proud of myself for having just 1.5 drinks over about 8 hours in an environment that was not at all moderating. ..I am confident that those two drinks will not turn into a slow spiral. Instead it reinforced the idea that alcohol doesn't serve me the way I once believed it did. And that's a great gift and yet another motivator to completely abstain. ..I plan to continue to not drink. But I've learned something about myself: making hard and fast rigid rules about my drinking I think actually undermines my goals. Giving myself an honest option during challenging situations I think will be the way to go in the future. Contentedly choosing not to drink is far better than walking the line between yes and no with huge anxiety and fear of failing. ..I also know that this mentality can't work for everyone. But maybe some people can relate so I wanted to share and I'd love to hear other people's opinions. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations.  In 2014 we visited son in PC in Mali; stopped at several "stage houses;" very big drinking culture.  
"I don't drink because drinking doesn't add anything" has been a great mentality to foster for my own sobriety. Congratulations for coming to that realization...I've experienced a few false starts with sobriety as well and have even done pretty well for a few of them. Keep at it and keep learning it's always good...I think a few people are less than receptive here because it can be difficult to think about moderation when most of us can not...Like the old adage: you eventually get muddy when you work with pigs. A person can moderate but for how long and at what cost? This is a personal question that we have to ask ourselves...While it is important to be careful of the dangers of attempting to moderate I think it's important that everyone else remembers that each path is different and what works for one may not work for another...I also don't live by a hard rule of not drinking. If I feel like drinking then I just ask myself what will I have to give up for that choice. In three years that option has always been too costly for me to choose drinking. That is my path and it works for me...Thanks for sharing I hope to keep seeing you around.
I think that the most important and potentially the hardest thing about this is being honest with yourself.   Some people can moderate some people can not.  I had a couple relapses because I lied to myself and told myself I was capable of moderation and drinking responsibly.  I love the taste of cider of wine if certain beers and I wish I could just sip one for an evening but for me that would be the beginning of a spiral.  No one can tell you whether or not you are capable of moderation only you can tell.  But like I said being honest with yourself is really tricky when you have an addiction.
I can understand the subtle pressures in such situations. Personally my problem is I could probably do this a few times but allowing just one drink subconsciously opens a door so I may not drink a few days after... but eventually I know I will say "fuck it" and then the cycle with start again. I hope it works out for you though.  
What you seem to be saying is that you feel like you are capable of moderating and drinking responsibly? If so that's great. I wish I could do that... Unfortunately every time I have tried it's been successful for 80% of the time. The rest of the time I take it too far and drink more than I like to...I do question whether in your heart of hearts you actually believe you can moderate all of the time. I'm here because I think I have a problem doing that and I think that's probably why most other people (you too?) also end up here. It's only really a question you can answer!
