-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ux1jk/a_series_of_unfortunate_events/

I blew zeroes in the drunk tank at about 6am yesterday morning so I guess that's the start of my sobriety...1. My husband was out of town and he texted me that he wanted a mutual friend to pick him up at the airport not me..2. Some friends from work stopped over shared similar struggles they have had with depression and addiction stayed until 1am and have been calling and texting frequently to check up on me..3. My husband arrived at around 3am woke me up called me a fucking asshole and verbally lashed at me for about 20 minutes straight before going downstairs to sleep apart from me. I promised last December that I would control my drinking and I obviously failed...4. A law enforcement officer showed up at my door which caused me some alarm at first before he stated he was simply there to make sure I was okay and not thinking about harming myself. He is also obtaining details about AA meetings in my area and said he will stop by later...5. I sent an email to my employer explaining that Friday night I was arrested for disorderly conduct which was related to alcohol stated that I understood this violated the written reprimand I received last winter and that I am prepared to accept the consequences of my actions...This is a bitter pill to swallow but I either give up entirely or believe that this time I can find recovery with the support of others. Even though I've been sober for at least 30 hours my brain feels like mush and I feel extremely depressed about the past and anxious about the future. It's do or die this time no messing around.
----------immediate responses--------

((Hugs)). You CAN do it. At least it wasn't a dui. I call that a win any day of the week
Hang in there. Still with you. 
Don't feel anxious about the future. Your future is the simplest part and shouldn't give you any stress. You cannot drink alcohol. You are an alcoholic...Once I admitted this to myself I was free...Anything less is just an attempt to justify continuing to drink.   ..When I think of my future knowing that I'm not going to drink alcohol I feel only one emotion...Relief. ..You deserve to be sober. You are worth it
Brave post. I hope your husband can find it in himself to be more supportive. I can understand the frustration but yelling at you isn't going to help. I hope things work out for you. 
Sending you hugs! . 
Sending positive vibes to help you through. Stay strong.
One day at a time.
