-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6v21sk/anxiety_i_hate_you/

My anxiety is through the roof today! ..It's horrendous. It hasn't been this bad in months. I have that horrible horrible impending sense of doom despite knowing full well nothing bad is going to happen... Argh my brain! Sometimes I can't switch off that horrible adrenal 'fight or flight' anxiety which leaves me drained. Adrenal fatigue is a condition for all those who have similiar problems. If you have it I can really sympathise. ..I have bipolar. For the first time since stopping the self medication with wine. I have been actually self medicating properly as advised. I am a massive self sabotager  my biggest critic and a high achiever. ..I know a couple of my triggers today have been less sleep and too much caffeine. I'm working on the caffeine and it's a lot better but today it's floored me. Last night despite my sleeping meds I just couldn't sleep. I've also had to entertain my daughter all week for school holidays. She is a lovely child despite all my past mistakes but easily bored. I'm a single parent. It's also cost me a bomb so there are some financial concerns. Nothing major though. This morning she has asked me some hard questions about mental health I've done my best to answer them but there's always the worry I may not have done a good job and my past bipolar psychiatric stays may have scarred her in some way or she may have inherited the illness. Maybe she has picked up on my anxiety today. I try be honest with her. She is nearly eleven now. ..I can't shake this feeling that I've done something awful or really hurt someone or a disaster is about to happen. It makes no sense. I'm on annual leave my daughter is safe the house is fine my partner and family are all fine. I've eaten breakfast which I have always struggled with. I've taken some propanolol and am drinking water. I'm practicing deep breathing. ..None of it is working. ..In the past I used wine to numb and take the edge off the anxiety. I can't do that anymore. I know it will eventually pass but any advice or virtual hugs would be welcome right now. ..Is this maybe PAWS? ..Thank you for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered listening to Motown? 
Does Motown music help? I'll try anything at the moment. 
Damn Anxiety I know it all too well!..I found that the drinking worked briefly to blot it out too but it made things a zillion times worse the next day... ugh!..I still get the odd episode of random general anxiety but they are finite and much easier to deal with... I find that physical activity and fresh air can help a lot to burn off some of that nervous energy and adrenaline... Maybe go out for a kickabout or game of frisbee in the park with your daughter or something see if that does the trick?..Thanks for sharing with us I find it helps to write things down and tell someone when I'm feeling like this so keep up the good work!..e-Hugs and I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
Sending you hugs Butterfly &amp; putting it out there to the universe to send you calm &amp; peacefulness :)..Debilitating anxiety is exhausting physically &amp; emotionally I suffer from it as well as PTSD I have so much sympathy for you right now! ..Please be gentle with yourself if you can hopefully tonight you will sleep your prescribed meds will start working &amp; try &amp; remember that as horrible as this feels right now it really will pass. It honestly doesn't feel this bad forever sending you more hugs..
How long have you been sober? Sometimes anxiety can follow you into sobriety for awhile...I used to suffer from the same sort of anxiety. It was one of the reasons i quit drinking more than 2 years ago. It has stopped with sobriety. 
Yes I will. Especially as I don't eat fish (just don't like it unfortunately/ also allergic).I will google it today! ..Yep Booze makes the debilitating depression much worse (that nearly cost me my life several times) but also speeds along the arrival of mania/ psychosis. My mania has completely wrecked my life on 3 occasions nearly cost me my job and my daughter. Some people with Bipolar 1 like alcohol because it maintains the 'high' so often like me end up with a dual diagnosis. Now the 'highs' terrify me... Sleep being my most valuable asset. Lack of sleep and anxiety being the main cause of a manic attack. Hence the worry about anxiety! It's a vicious cycle sometimes :( ..Hope that didn't bore you!..Thanks again Woody. ..Onwards and upwards indeed!  
Goodness! I've just added a magnesium supplement and I had an annoying tic in my eyes for weeks recently. I put it down to being stressed at work...We are indeed our own worst enemy's. It's a novelty to put all the effort and money I put into drinking back into myself but who knew I feel better! Voila! ..I have so far replaced wine with ginger beer (the expensive kind of course) Tesco's finest cheesecake and lip gloss.. I'm collecting them like victory medals (the lip glosses.. I don't have lots of cheese cakes gathering dust!)  ..Once an addict always an addict I suppose  Now if only I could get addicted to the gym next! 
