-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6v3hy4/my_experience_with_the_god_concept_in_aa/

I am 30 years old and have been drinking since I was in my late teens. It was always at a problem level but I didn't figure that out until 27 when I first started to experience the fear and anxiety in withdrawal when I tried to stop....I fought with this for a few more years. Drinking got worse and worse and then all of the sudden I lost my job. I started to drink more insisting that I was  moderating  and could  figure this out ....I had been going to the odd AA meeting for 2 years but I really didn't put any effort in. I treated it like a bowling team. I thought if I just showed up to enough meetings my alcoholism would be cured. It got worse. Way worse. ...My biggest problem with AA was the God idea. I am not religious. I struggled with this for the better part of two years. I've now gone back to AA because I have come to realize that alcohol is the ONE thing in my life that I can't figure out. It was hard but when I was able to let go of my ego close my mouth and listen to the rooms full of people with 1 5 15 and 20 years of sobriety I finally got it...I realized that I didn't need to try to understand God or the Higher Power. The only thing that mattered was the end result. These people had what I wanted. So I let go. I only have a little bit of continuous sobriety at the moment but AA has FINALLY clicked for me. ...I am so grateful and won't drink today. .
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; but when I was able to let go of my ego..This seems to be one of the biggest hurdles for many people myself included. I was guilty of ignoring a lot of great advice because of my ego. Once I was humbled and admitted I (obviously) didn't have the answers my life greatly improved. ..I'm so glad that AA is clicking for you! I won't drink with you today! 
We have a very similar story! Keep it up... I had to work through the steps really fast with my sponsor and then the spirituality part came easier... I guess since my ego didn't block out the light (aka I wasn't always lost in my head enough to see the beauty around me) Good luck friend.
Congratulations! Great post!
I go to SMART Recovery they're a group meeting that is secular and uses CBT techniques.  The spirituality thing that's required in AA was a deal breaker for me but I'm glad it works for you and others.  Whatever keep us sober is a winner.
I don't believe in a "god" either although I do believe in spirituality: that there's another force out there that we don't fully understand. I think it's impersonal like gravity or magnetism. And if you think of it in those terms then groups like AA make sense. A single proton doesn't have much gravitational force but group another 127 protons around and it starts to have some affect. A single small magnet can't do much but align it with a thousand other magnets and you have a pretty strong magnet that can lift up a car. ..I like to think of us as 'mis-aligned' when we get to AA. Alcohol had befuddled our moral compasses. I used my AA group as a higher power - a stronger more correctly aligned magnet - to help re-align my inner compass. Hearing the message saying the prayer repeating "I'm an alcoholic" - all of these were small but constant forces pushing me away from my mis-aligned life into my current wonderful one. ..After a while things 'clicked' - I was no longer wondering if I would be able to drink again in 10 or 15 years the way I was the first six months. I accepted that a life without alcohol wasn't that much of a loss for normal people - that is there's nothing to regret about not being able to have a beer with the boys - and that in my case it was a life saver. After that it's been easy. I hope you keep at it and I won't drink with you today!
Just stopping to by to share a thought. I've never attended AA but I can relate to the issue you had with the "God" concept. One "religious" story that really made an impact on me regardless of faith or not is when Jesus meets a disabled beggar. He doesn't snap his fingers and heal the guy but asks him - I don't know the English phrase so this is my translation - "Do you want to get well?" That's one of the toughest questions I know. It has to do with surrendering one of the hardest things I know...Thanks for sharing! I won't drink with you today.
Glad it clicked and is helping you!..For myself I felt a lot more comfortable in a program (SMART) that did not require me to struggle to understand something in order for it to help me. I "got" SMART immediately because there is no "higher power" to "get"....just tools that were helpful no matter what spiritual beliefs I held or didn't hold.
I'm glad it worked for you truly. I couldn't get past he Higher Power or god part myself. When I was told "I am powerless" I couldn't do it. So I did it on my own for a few years before finding SMART Recovery. I don't regret it one bit. I need a program based on science and AA can't do that. But I'm so glad it worked for you man. It also saved my cousins life and I'm extremely grateful for that. 
I read something for atheists/agnostics about using "reality" as your higher power. Totally makes sense to me since reality like a higher power is something that we have no control over but must accept.
Same here. The god aspect is off putting to me and I finally chose to stop using that term since it makes me feel like a phony and the whole point is to maintain rigorous honesty. Luckily I have a very accepting CA homegroup that I love and a very liberal sponsor who encourages me to pursue what works for me. We are both into eastern philosophy and I am very happy with where it has taken me. I feel pretty fortunate for my situation. 
www.secularaa.org.
