-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vcc8q/i_read_an_article_about_chrissy_teigen_today/

And she was struggling with the exact same issues with alcohol that I (and many of us here at SD) have struggled with. It was really neat to see a young female celebrity discuss her struggles so openly. Teigen described herself as someone who "can't just have one drink" and that really resonated with me. She also discussed how having one glass of wine at the beginning of the night turned in to two or three before leaving the house. I was just really happy to read that article and wanted to share with y'all. Happy Tuesday! I will not drink with y'all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Add her name to the list of many celebrities who choose not to drink. I found out this year that Rob Lowe has been sober for 27 years. And Bradley Cooper from The Hangover doesn't drink. ..
I saw that too! She's awesome. ..I made the mistake of reading the comments. The nonchalance society has about alcoholism is disheartening. 
Don't forget about Chris Hardwick! His before and after photos are stunning.
She also mentioned that cringey feeling of having embarrassed yourself and how it's The Worst and how she just couldn't bear it anymore.  All those hallmarks only truly resonate (as the excruciating and scary things they are) for problem drinkers though so the general response has been kind of breezy. Or maybe people decline to empathize...It's easy--imagine your worst moment of public embarrassment (being pantsed in fifth grade and turning hot while everyone laughed and laughed and then the isolation and feeling of doom?) and then imagine repeating it like clockwork every few days for the rest of your years. Also your liver is dead. Cheers!
I saw that!  And I also read that lots of trolls are posting negative comments.  Eff them.  I'm not exactly sure who she is but I'm proud of her.  
Someone should tweet her and let her know she's giving a subreddit strength. She's getting a lot of hate. :(
Eva Mendez .Blake Lively.Demi Lovato ..Strong BADASS women who are sober. Whenever I am feeling a pull to drink I cruise their instagrams. 
I saw it and it was pretty cool! I saw that she's trying to have a child and hopefully sticks with staying sober after IVF. Inspiring! Yay!
That's cool I like her and her Tweets are very funny. I just wish if she felt this way about alcohol she wouldn't be the spokesmodel for Smirnoff. Her life her choice but I imagine she could be the lead on any ad campaign so why choose a product you feel is bad for you?
