-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vk8ma/brain_damage_from_excessive_drinking/

I've read a lot of posts about people who drank considerably more than I did but haven't read much on their state of mind. I've been mixing alcohol with various medications and pills for almost 7 years now and as I struggle to remain sober I'm left wondering how much damage I did to my brain and my body. ..Is there such a thing as doing permanent brain damage from drinking/abusing drugs or is it just an extreme case of stagnation and depression that tricks the mind into thinking it's broken? 
----------immediate responses--------

My memory is terrible and I blame that on drinking even though I was never a super heavy drinker and also falling and getting a concussion (that I didn't go to the hospital for) over 10 years ago- thanks to being drunk. Not sure if it's the true reason why my memory isn't so great... but I have a suspicion that it has something to do with it. ..I have also heard some something called "wet brain" to describe someone who is a crippling alcoholic- I will say that this might have some actual basis. I know of a person that "has" wet brain and he seems... very brain damaged. It's really sad. ..If you're that curious maybe going to a doctor would help? .
Could be either or both. Lots of factors to consider. A doctor could be more definitive but personally I don't want to know about actual damage because physical damage doesn't always correlate to what you experience- i.e. If most of your issue is doeression/lack of motivation/whatever but then a doc tells you there is some physical damage how do you find the new baseline? Do you just say well this is how I am now? Or do you still strive to improve? Do you believe you can improve or say well shit I'm stuck here now? I read a back pain study where a large portion with back pain had no physically visible damage and a large portion with things that looked painful reported no pain. In addition we know neurological things always affect everyone differently. I would do what I can about the symptoms regardless of where they come from but not worry about actual damage there no way to define where the physical vs psychological effects change over. Don't let yourself fall into "this is how I am now"! Nerves really can change pathways to improve!
I've read that people survived huge physical brain damages (accidents and similar) and still function by some "miracle". It is known that body repairs itself (old cells are dying new are created) over the time - some cell types faster than other. So I believe that body can accommodate to new environment and slowly repair if environment is good. Of course new hand or leg will not suddenly reappear but internal organs have strange powers....
Chronic alcohol consumption is toxic to a variety of tissues in the body including the nervous system.  Unlike other parts of the body the brain doesn't heal very well.  New neurons don't form during adulthood the way new skin cells do. However much of alcohol's effect is due to how it alters the chemistry of the brain (for instance it can regulate how neurotransmitters are released and which cells are active/inactive) not necessarily because it's killing brain cells.  Ceasing alcohol can reverse symptoms like memory loss depression anxiety etc.  Here is a good resource: https://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/aa63/aa63.htm.
I worry about this. I can't focus on anything or even concentrate on conversation. But I think it was ignoring my depression and issues and drinking like crazy made that worse. I know when I am depressed I feel stupid.. I feel like my brain runs at a lower capacity. Now that I've drank to drown it for like 3 years I feel my depression is just gone out of the stratosphere and I'm really going to have to work this out  from ground zero now..
