-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vlc6m/story_time_my_relapse_after_one_year_sober/

I got the text at 4:38 p.m. "Jim died last night". In a near panic I called his brother Tom who had texted me. Tom explained that Jim had been on a small boat in the harbor heading back to the barge he worked on when the motor cut out and he was tossed overboard. In less than five minutes he was dragged from the arms of his coworker and sucked under the dark cold waters of the Alaskan oceans. ..I had grow up with Tom and Jim and although Jim and I weren't really close he was still my friend. I knew his family I spent years hanging out and causing trouble with his brother. We all grew up in the same small town. That week I threw myself into helping the family and helping prepare for the funeral. Tom and his wife were obviously devastated and threw themselves into the bottle and marijuana I spent a lot of time with them that week but kept my sobriety...The day of the funeral came and I took it off work to help with arrangements. The thoughts of drinking slowly crept into my mind and I started to convince myself of how badly I needed a drink. I tried to refute the logic but thinking back I realize I wasn't doing enough. I told everyone I would be the designated driver to help buffer me from the self-talk of acceptance. I talked to my therapist and she helped prepare me by telling me not to go to the funeral because it might trigger me or at least to leave early. I should have listened...That night I listened as many stories were told of Jim I watched the tears flow from his friends and family. I told my own story about how Jim had once said the most sentimental thing to me ever. Jim was a tough SOB and wasn't know for being emotional or affectionate. We were watching a movie one day when he looked at me and said "Dan I judge my friends based on if I would help them bury a body or not. I would help you bury a body no questions asked." That is a true friend. ..As the ceremony ended and the drinks started to be passed around a bottle of champagne came my way. I looked to the person next to me and told them of my sobriety. He told me in a kind voice that perhaps I should not drink then. That was all it took and I grabbed the bottle and chugged. Soon I found my drink of choice in a bottle of Jameson Whisky and that was it...I remember the look in Jim and Tom's father eyes when he found me drunk and told me he had been relying on me to be his driver. I'll never forget the look of disappointment. Soon I was sloppy drunk and started to talk about Tom and all the drama he had put me and our other friends through. I complained right to his wife about how shitty of a person he was while at his brothers funeral. Needless to say it was a complete disaster...That day not only did I loose Jim but I lost Tom his wife and the rest of their family. None of them have spoken to me since. It is one of the most embarrassing moments of my life and one I am deeply ashamed of. Loosing Tom was not the worse thing he really was a terrible person but that is no excuse for the pain I caused that day. ..The next day I quit drinking again and it has been four years since I have put my lips to a bottle. The best four years of my life. I am eternally grateful for sobriety and the benefit it has brought me. I think about Jim often and that night I relapsed I will not allow one night of terrible mistakes to define me. I am worthy loved and capable of great things. I will not drink with you today...Edit: spelling
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing!!
We have all done bad things while drunk.  You were in a vulnerable situation mate.  Who among us has not indulged in drink whilst in a spot of bother?  My question is why Jim and the others have let one terrible mistake define YOU.  To me you are strong and capable- four great years is something to celebrate.  Well done you.
We have all done bad things while drunk.  You were in a vulnerable situation mate.  Who among us has not indulged in drink whilst in a spot of bother?  My question is why Jim and the others have let one terrible mistake define YOU.  To me you are strong and capable- four great years is something to celebrate.  Well done you.
Glad you made it back. Many never do. It sounds like a horrible event; I hope you have forgiven yourself. 
