-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vmbj2/two_years_of_sobriety_today/

Well I have been sober for the last two years after ten years of heavy drinking. And to tell you the truth I feel absolutely amazing. I have learnt more about myself in these past two years than I did in the thirty-two years that came before it. I have only been regularly visiting this group for about two months now but I wish I had found it earlier. Although I went to AA meetings for the first six months of my journey I never really bought into it. I guess it just wasn't for me. What I did get out of it was the realisation that I am not alone in my struggles. Coming to this subreddit has given me an opportunity to read stories from other people like me; to share the joy of their victories and the pain of their defeats. I think that having a space to share with other people who struggle with alcohol is probably the most important tool one has on the road to recovery. Reading your stories advice and thoughts and being able to share mine has helped me keep my demons in the light. And under this light they cannot grow. Demons thrive within the shadows...To each and everyone of you who has posted on this sub thank you. Thank you so very much. You have no idea the effect your words have on me on a daily basis...I would like to talk a little bit about shame...Shame is what keep our demons in the dark. It is what keeps us drinking. And once we stop stop drinking it is what keeps us from fully recovering and being a HAPPY non-drinker. I made choices I am not proud of. I stole. I lied. My first couple of weeks sober were a guilt and shame ridden roller coaster. However I would not change a thing. I am very happy and very proud of the man I grown into. And it is because of my struggles and hardships that I was able to see the worst of myself and grow into the best version of me I can be. With out my past I would not be who I am today...So for those of you struggling with shame don't worry it will fade. Every mistake is an opportunity to learn. Use your weakness to build up your strength. ..I am at the point where I almost pity people who haven't had to deal with addiction. People who haven't had the chance to rebuild themselves from the ashes. So many people just living life going through the motions. Not really sad but not truly happy either. Recovered addicts are some of the happiest joyful happy-go-lucky people you will ever meet...To anyone reading this you have been given a gift. You have been given the opportunity to see the dark side of life. And once you emerge from the darkness normal everyday life will seem so much brighter to you. You will be high on life...One more thing before I go. For anyone struggling with all the "god crap" in AA or similar groups don't let that be the reason you dismiss such groups. God is merely a word. A word in which you are responsible for the creation of meaning. For me my god my higher power is the person I want to be tomorrow...So once again thank you guys so much from the bottom of my heart. It warms my soul to see such an awesome group of people helping each other out. Each one of you inspires me!! ..I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!...&gt;  God give me grace to accept with serenity.the things that cannot be changed.Courage to change the things.which should be changed.and the Wisdom to distinguish.the one from the other..Living one day at a time.Enjoying one moment at a time.Accepting hardship as a pathway to peace.Taking as Jesus did.This sinful world as it is.Not as I would have it.Trusting that You will make all things right.If I surrender to Your will.So that I may be reasonably happy in this life.And supremely happy with You forever in the next.
----------immediate responses--------

Your words are inspiring to me. I love reading success stories like this...Congrats and all the best as you continue discovering the new you :).
This post is inspiring. Thank you 
I haven't commented in a long while but this is just great!  Posts like this keep me visiting daily to keep my demons at bay.  Congrats on your new life!
Congrats!
Congrats and great post. I almost didn't read it because I didn't want to confront my own feelings of shame but now I feel stronger for having finished your post. The Serenity prayer at the end was touching and I needed to see it there. I'm going to start saying it more often its the true path. Thanks.
A lot of what you said here actually made me go grab my journal though it wasn't from an article about drinking I did copy down a quote because it inspired me...Epictetus said that "In my opinion no man has had such a profitable difficulty than you have had if you choose to make use of it as an athlete would would deal with a young antagonist."..Congratulations on your sobriety I look forward to standing where you stand today one day and I will not drink with you today!
"I am at the point where I almost pity people who haven't had to deal with addiction. People who haven't had the chance to rebuild themselves from the ashes. So many people just living life going through the motions. Not really sad but not truly happy either. Recovered addicts are some of the happiest joyful happy-go-lucky people you will ever meet."..This! I was just discussing with my sister yesterday about her life situation and basically just said the above as a way to explain how I feel so lucky to be almost 40 and have the eagerness of a child to learn the sober and happy life. I truly feel that way. It's a blessing in disguise but ONLY if you are able to heel from the addiction.  ..Thank you for writing this and congrats on your great new life!
Lovely post. Congratulations on two years. I  hope I can just let this crap alcohol go now. Today I Will not drink 
Congratulations 
THIS! &gt; One more thing before I go. For anyone struggling with all the "god crap" in AA or similar groups don't let that be the reason you dismiss such groups. God is merely a word. A word in which you are responsible for the creation of meaning. For me my god my higher power is the person I want to be tomorrow...I left SO many AA meetings because of the god thing but I love your perspective. I think I'm going to steal your concept of a higher power. Luckily I go to an atheists meeting on Thursday nights but shit - I've got a new HP.
Big ups homie! I'll have 2yrs in 1month4days after a decade of heavy drinking. Keep it up!!!
Thanks for posting. Great write up of your thoughts here. ..It's pretty awesome to see someone else on here with the same sobriety date as me. Keep it going. 
