-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6vpo4b/my_mom_is_an_alcoholic_could_use_some_advice/

Tonight my mom called me. Said she needed me and that she had fallen off the wagon. I'm there now. We talked for a while I was empathetic but firm without being judgemental. She was drunk though and she's asleep now we'll talk again in the morning. ..I'm over two years sober. I hit rock bottom made a change enrolled people in my new life and have never relapsed for that reason I'm a little unsure of how to deal. ..She has never really admitted to being a full blown alcoholic. For about a year and a half she has been kinda sober (mostly a little wine here and there) but she recently divorced her husband and is living on her own now. She is in a dangerous place in her life and she admitted to me tonight that the last few weeks she's headed back down a dark path. ..I want to give her good advice. ..I tell her she has to make the choice and declare that she has a problem. She is not "normal" and she can't pretend anymore. She has to enrol her friends. ..I tell her to treat her sobriety like a newborn child. It needs to be nurtured and kept safe. Sober people sober places. ..I tell her she has the power to make the choice to live a happy and fulfilling life that she can't live one way or another for anyone else. She's scared of her friends not being supportive. I told her she is about to begin a journey toward a much better life and her friends get to choose whether they come along or not but she has to be selfish in this moment and do it for her. ..She has tried AA in the past and doesn't like it. I personally never did it. I'm lucky enough to work for an organization that is supportive and promotes self improvement. Is Smart a good alternative?..Any advice on how to help her more would be greatly appreciated. ..Thanks!!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your recovery.....You gave her the best advice possible.  "I tell her she has to make the choice and declare that she has a problem. "  period...I didn't like AA in the beginning either.  They told truths I did not want to hear.  Smart is certainly an alternative - if available - and no reason she can't do more than one.  In the beginning I needed a lot of meetings.  And meetings vary in topic and tone - shopping around might help too.  There is also Refuge Recovery .....There is a "sister" program to AA - Alanon which is for relatives and friends of alcoholics they say "you did not Cause it you can not Control or Cure it - but by turning a blind eye you can Contribute to it."   ..Just by being the one she can talk to about this is huge...
Consider getting your mom a copy of "This Naked Mind" which helps to deconstruct alcohol from being something you have to resist to a poison you want to avoid.  You get a free e-copy on the sidebar on the right.
You're a caring person...I didn't "like" AA at first...I **needed** AA...However there are many paths.  That one is just about available everywhere.  I needed connection support understanding accessibility and a sober network.  I'll take that whoever I can get it. ..Sending positive energy!  
When I finally decided to quit I knew I needed a support system.  I had tried AA in the past but it didn't really click with me.  Fortunately we have Smart recovery meetings in our area.  I found them to be a positive experience.  There are also meetings and workbooks available on line. I wish you and your mom the best.
