-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6w028x/pity_party_im_so_lonely/

I'm struggling to find new friends after making a sorely needed fresh start. I moved countries to be closer to family because of health problems. I can't play sports due to joint issues and I certainly don't want to spend a lot of time in alcohol related venues. I'm not religious and don't have/want kids so those communities are not for me. At 38 it seems everyone is in couples or families and just doing their own thing. I'm going to as many non-boozy meetups and things as possible. I also do volunteer work. It's bloody tough to connect. I'm just really really lonely. 
----------immediate responses--------

Can you get/ want a dog? I found that having an awesome little pup has really helped me a great deal. Did you know when you pet them you get an oxytocin release and so do they! How cool!
Go skydiving! You will find a new family! I will not drink with you but I will gladly jump out of a plane with you.
I find a sober support network at meetings!  Made lots of friends!
Hey there. I'm sorry to hear this. I kinda in the same boat.. Are there any interests that you might share with others? Maybe music or arts? Something you could use as a springboard to meet new people?
You must be in Europe hopping Countries like we hop states.  I moved where I didn't know anyone.  I cooked and invited neighbors over a couple at a time.  Be open minded.  I've met people all ages one couple is in their 80's.  They are very sweet and have been around the block many times with lots of good stories.  I won't drink with you today.
I follow a couple of sober chicks in the U.K.  on Instagram. Agirlandtonic is one and she is always posting about fun looking booze free events. Sexysobriety is also maybe a Brit?..Hang in there. It's hard but you can do this. ..
Hey fellow UK here-sometimes its really difficult to make new friends away from the usual pub/drinking scene. ..I do a lot of walking too. Have just started getting really into hill walking-surprised at how many friendly people you meet on the way. It doesn't really give you lasting friendships but at least its interaction...If you need a friend to chat to feel free to pop me a message anytime. I'm always happy to chat and have a ton of free time too :)..Have a good weekend!!
Hello....fellow UKer too also a fellow walker!! Also a singleton at 45! so get a little of what you're saying!..I do have a couple of hobbies without which I'm sure I'd go stir crazy.....crochet and ukulele I highly recommend the Uke its such a fun little instrument easy to learn....learning to play it got me out of a very black hole. I love it its part of me now....go on  get one you know you want to!!! :-)..
I struggle with the same thing a lot. I know I drank more when my former partner and I split up. Now I'm trying to find more productive ways of dealing with it.
Classes in just about anything is a great way to meet people and there are so many out there for different things. ..Find something you are interested and become a beginner again. It's great fun!
Yeah I'm not too far from your age and it's challenging to make friends now. It sounds like you're already getting out a bit so that's a good thing. Loneliness brought me back to the bar after 6 months of sobriety a few years back. The joke was on me when I realized that I was still lonely after I went back to drinking. I mean I had drinking buddies but that's all they were. That lesson cost me a few years of my life since that's how long it took me to get back here after that slip. But in a way I'm glad because I won't ever have those nostalgic thoughts again now that I know the truth. ..Hang in there. I think that if you continue engaging in activities and doing positive things like you are you'll make a new group of friends again. I'm hoping that I can do the same once I have a bit more sobriety under my belt. I think one of the reasons it's more difficult is that sober friends aren't the same as drinking friends. Hell I can be "friends" with anyone once I have a few in me but that's a superficial thing. Real friends are a treasure and can take a long time to earn at least that has been my experience. I also second the suggestion to get a pet. It makes such a difference to come home to a friendly face that is happy to see you even if it is a furry one :) I know it has been a lifeline for me more than once...Have a good weekend! I'm happy to be here not drinking with you today. Take care. 
