-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wg1tq/do_i_now_drink_to_hide_the_loneliness_and_regret/

The boredom and loneliness are the biggest factors that lead to relapse for me anyway. That and I tend to romanticise alcohol after spells of abstinence and forget about the crushing pain it's caused me over the last 25 years of my drinking career.  I'm determined to quit despite the loneliness. Yesterday I drove 250 miles to a mountain hiked it and then drove back.  Got up at 4:30am and got back at 10pm. Being bored at home alone is a big trigger for me.  If I can drink and take drugs for days on end without sleep then I can certainly get up at 4:30 am. A long walk today and some weight lifting.  This evening I watched TV on my new 54inch smart TV.  Not a bad weekend but the loneliness is starting to creep in.  I live alone in a 3 bed house some company would be nice.  Family life would be pretty nice to be honest.  I never thought it was for me but the older I get the more I can see how it's the way forward.  I'm a long way off being in that place at the moment.  Every relationship I've had has been destroyed by booze.  Actually I was the one behaving badly I can't blame it on the booze I chose to drink I have to take responsibility.  We are however a product of our environment my sisters boyfriend dealt drugs to me when I was 13 I was a regular user of hard drugs at 15.  I don't touch drugs now they haven't really been a problem over they years the occasional mishap but it's the booze that has destroyed me.  I do however believe that taking drugs and alcohol from a very young age has meant that I will never be able to use alcohol moderately. I wish I could go back and wrap the young me up in cotton wool.  I was such a fool.  I do know that looking back doesn't do anyone any good.  I have to look forward and be positive watch comedies not take things too seriously and always try to be light pragmatic and reasonable.  Most of all I need to be gentle with myself it's been a long journey and I'm still here. 
----------immediate responses--------

This may be way out in left field but since the house seems empty and you like to do stuff outdoors have you considered getting a dog that could be a companion both indoors and out? I understand it's not quite the same as a significant other but it might be a good commitment that would love you unconditionally. Just a thought..
Congratulations on one week plus!  It sounds like you are on your way with a good plan  I have found being gentle with myself and working to retrain my negative mind are essential.  I hope that you find a way to forge connections along the way.  That is something I struggle with personally something I don't manage well though I know it's major..Keep on your clear headed path and take care.
You've said it all here. Great post; sounds like you have a handle on your triggers. The loneliness and boredom is tough and it seems like when we remove something like alcohol our addicted brain immediately goes "Well what's next?" And starts looking around for something else to obsess over. For me I can dive into a book and lose a whole weekend. While it's not drinking or other drugs it's not healthy behavior every weekend either. But a book club is!! If you enjoy hiking perhaps a hiking club? If you like to lift weights then a gym? And there's always SD...there are plenty of people around to help with loneliness even though the interaction is virtual. So it sounds like you're doing the right things...just keep moving forward. You have my support. 
