-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wgaxr/i_need_to_stop/

Oh man I have been lurking here for a long time.  I have almost ruined my life because of decisions made while drunk. My story could fill a book. In my 20s I loved to party and find boys who made me feel better about myself. I made bad decisions then I partied I cheated I lost all inhibitions when I drank.  Then I found my SO. It was magic but we had issues and then I got pregnant. I treated alcohol like a poison I had an alcoholic mom- I couldn't pass that cycle on. But he kept on drinking then my dad got diagnosed with terminal cancer and my SO got a dui.  I was so righteous I just couldn't understand why he couldn't carry on without booze. He was hiding it he was sneaking it. The day we were to go spread my dad's ashes my SO was almost too hung over to cope. I stopped respecting him...The years passed dramas passed- and then I had a one night stand but not really I was out with an old time besty and it was closer to a 3 some.   I was mortified when I woke up with a hangover to kill - that wasn't  me WTF was I doing?   This happened a few times over the next few years and my relationship with my SO was deteriorating.  I stopped preaching about booze and started drinking myself... I made a friend who drank all the time. She accepted me she was there to help me.  Our kids played together- for years.  I trusted her with the truth of my indecretions one night- she swore up and down she would never share...But then she started using hard drugs her life went to complete hell.  She left her family and in the ensuing months she threatened to tell my SO about my secrets if I didn't.   ..It's ironic I had stopped committing these indecretions and recognizing that if my SO and I could get clean we could offer the best to our beautiful boys.  I knew I could lie but if she did confront him he would hear the truth in it.  ..I didn't want to carry that weight any more I woke him up and told him a small piece of the truth.  To say he lost his shit would be an understatement.  Looking back I probably should have left. But it felt like I needed to take it. This was my dues this is what I had wrought with  my terrible choices this is what I had reduced him to.  I deserved every minute of the physical and mental abuse he loaded upon me.  He dragged the rest out of me..It was brutal and ugly.  I spent a night in jail because he told me it went on for hours that he would take my kids away. I stood up for myself started yelling threw wine in his face pushed him and he called the cops...I have had to put  sunglasses on when I get out of bed and wear long sleeves so my kids won't see the bruises...But all through it wine has been there for me. I had to quit my job I couldn't work for 6 months.  For me wine was a comfort when he finally fell asleep. for him it brings it all back.  Any injustice he perceives is intensified and is ultimately my fault...This all came to light for him 18 months ago. He assaulted me again  two weeks ago and I need to break this cycle but I am so scared to give up the wine and have to deal with this side of him with out a filter.  ..For his work he is on call for two weeks and can't drink. It should be the perfect time for me to quit as well.   He is fine when not drinking. He can moderate those emotions. But it's like something always stops me from going more than 4 days without a drink.  ..I can't talk about this in detail with my friends because any self respecting person would have left by now.  They would not be putting their children through this- what am I doing? But still I have love for him.  This has changed him broken him and I can't not give him the respect he deserves for what he has done for me he is trying even though it's still a daily struggle for him... But I know it boils down to the booze. I know that we need to quit and give us a chance to see if we can make it.  We have let alcohol colour so much of our lives that we don't know how to adult without it...I don't know what I am looking for here I guess I just need to get this all off of my chest so I can let it go and start to forgive myself...Thank you for taking the time to read this extremely long post.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to SD!  This place has been a real safe haven for me since I decided to quit.  Once I decided that I was ready to make a change I read *This Naked Mind* (free in the sidebar) &amp; just tried to focus on staying sober day by day minute by minute if needed.  Sobriety has really helped me in all areas of my life especially in my relationships with my husband &amp; children.  Wishing you all the best as you move forward. If you like I won't drink with you tonight. :)
Thank you for sharing your story...Welcome.
I can't tell you what to do; I just don't know you yours and your situation enough. And if I did I probably wouldn't tell you either because this has to be you...What I can tell you is that if you were forced to solve a logic puzzle which would result in *instant* life or *instant* death for one of your children but that you would have to be totally drunk you would probably reel against that. You would find that not a good idea; you would like to think about these life and death choices for your child sober clearly mindfully...Just because it's the next day and the hangover wears off (if we even noticed we have one) doesn't mean we're **clear.** Weeks of accumulated loss of sleep lower sleep quality; weeks of accumulated after-effects of alcohol. "On your left the 100% sober doctor; on your right the daily drunk doctor whose hangover just wore off -- please choose which doctor will operate on your child's brain"..So what I can say is that without alcohol YOU will come to know what YOU think you should or want to do. Without alcohol you can start to sift what is happening and what is alcohol...I'm not drinking with you today
Welcome and thanks for sharing this. I hear you. Keep posting when you feel like you want to....
