-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wl039/party_pooper/

My patience for drunk people is very short I guess that makes me a hypocrite.  I'm really trying but I'm finding it hard.  We had a party at the house for the fight this weekend and my SO and his children and their friends were all having a great time.  It got late and the music was loud shots all around loud talking and laughter and I found myself uncomfortable and annoyed.  I was worried about the neighbors the police being called for noise just generally anxious.  I just wanted to be in my own space but my SO wanted me with him and not to act like the "party pooper" because I don't drink.   Sometimes I feel that he is more worried of what others think of me than I am.  I'm so thankful to not be that person any more and to feel good when I wake up.  I'm struggling with dealing with those around me you know "those" behaving in the exact way that I did for so many years.  I'm still trying to find my new normal and it's not easy for me.  I think it's hard for my SO who was my drinking partner since we met a little over a year ago.  Drunk me is what he knows and he says he likes sober me but the jury is still out on that.  Trying to not judge is difficult.  I don't like how he is when he's drinking and he thinks it's because I'm not drinking.  It's true that I'm the one that's changed and not him but how to navigate this situation is proving to be a challenge.    I don't care when and how much anyone drinks I only care about how they make me feel isn't that fair? 
----------immediate responses--------

It is fair... but people who don't have a drinking problem (or don't think they do) will not be able to understand how this all makes you feel. Many people in my life just assumed I was fine as long as I wasn't drinking. **Not drinking is only the first step in sobriety**. For normal drinkers this makes no sense. ..It took me a long while to realize *they* don't owe me anything. Not a parade for staying sober. Not better behavior with their own drinking. Not a "good job" or a "we're in this together". It sucked and it was lonely. Thank goodness I found r/StopDrinking because here people "get" it. ..It's not easy. And that's too bad because a lot of people give up too soon then deem sobriety "too hard" or "boring". It's not too hard the reward is worth the effort ten fold. It's not boring the calm and peace I now feel is almost magical. ..You've got this. I will not drink with you. 
Your SO doesn't sound too supportive of your recovery. I don't know your whole situation but reading between the lines... ..Also which bathroom term is healthier for you: party pooper or shit-show?
Do you think you could talk to your SO about making your home a sober one?  We all need and deserve a safe haven.  My husband does not have an issue with alcohol but he quit drinking in solidarity with me and we do not have alcohol in our home.  When we have friends over they respect that our home is free of alcohol as well.  I cannot tell you how much this has helped me.  Sending you internet hugs and wishes for peace and a good outcome as you move forward.  Congrats on 34 days too! :)
