-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wl58l/dealing_with_constant_failure/

I need to vent not expecting any solution. ..Basically I have a string of failures recently. Got laid off from my job last year so I decided to sell everything I owned and travel the world. Got to the Philippines and decided to take some courses so I could teach English abroad. ..While taking one course I made arrangements with the company to start a partnership with them to have me teach a Public Speaking class. I wrote and designed the course made the syllabus moved to Manila from up north signed a lease and waited two months for them to get their side organized. They were supposed to handle marketing PR get me into local schools and start a class in their facility.  Then with no notice or indication they just stopped all communication with me...I was then out of money and had no choice to work at a call center for pennies. I then started to try and get hired to teach English online to Chinese students but due to no experience lack of skills and no degree I failed at that as well. I'm almost broke and have had to borrow money from family. Soon I might have to call my parents for a ticket home. ..My point is all this is starting to cause me stress with my sobriety. I don't believe I'm at risk of a relapse yet.. but my concern is growing. I'm 35 and no where in life all my big plans were dashed and I'm broke in a foreign country. I hope you don't think  I'm whining too much but the stress is starting to eat me alive and I have no support here. No recovery group and am loosing hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

Isn't that whole country basically a recovery group??
I'm sorry about what you're going through. It really sucks when life doesn't go the way as we intended but sometimes it might be for the best. To combat the amount of failures in my life I have to look at it from a new perspective. ..I must understand that through all the turbulence I am growing as an individual. I am learning lessons free of cost to become a better person. I'm rather envious of the fact that you got to experience once in a life time instances overseas. You should be proud that you made it out alive and sober not many can say that. Any time when I was drinking and I faced decisions that seemed very far out of my control I would drink. ..I can't give you much career advice as I don't know your background but I know that you're still young. I think it's great you found the courage to get up and leave to experience what the world has to offer. Keep your head up!
Thanks. I hate to bitch. I don't do it much anymore. It is very apparent how lucky I am compared with the vast majority of the world you learn living in a place like this. 
Are your parents supportive people?.If so I bet they would love to help you and help stop your suffering. They might be relieved that you're reaching out.
You didn't fail. You just used a strategy or tactic that didn't work.
Thanks everyone. I appreciate the support. Just stressful. I hate venting. 
Hey go ahead and vent.  I'm sending cyber hugs {} and good vibes.  You are not a failure.  You are a huge success.  You tried stuff.  You put yourself out there.  Good for you.  It is ok.  Sometimes a few tears and a hug is all that is needed.  Hang tough.
