-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wlrk7/time_to_stop/

Hi ..This is my first time in Reddit. I decided to write a few words after reading some stories about people struggling with alcoholism...I started drinking at the age of 13 (I'm 34 at the moment) nothing really serious but once in a while during the weekends with friends. Since then alcohol has been present in my life (the same as cocaine which is used when I was drunk) but I never thought that it was a problem since a few years ago when I started drinking mostly everyday and loosing control. During the last months I realised that I face my problems with alcohol maybe that's the behaviour I adopted since my mother died and all this party spiral started. ..I normally drink five pints of beer or half a bottle of spirits most days of the week...I'm not drinking today. ....
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! This is a good place to be for folks like us.
Welcome and congrats on deciding to put the booze down!  A better life awaits.  It will have some bumps and tough stretches but you will be a better man for it.  Keep coming back!
Hey! I'm 34 too. Started drinking at 12. Been drinking heavily and problematically since 20 years old. So yeah I'm pretty well fucked right? Wrong! I've got 4 weeks sober and I've never felt better in my life. There's a clarity to my thinking to my vision that astounds me. I feel like I'm brimming over with potential. I'm optimistic and excited for the future!..So stick with sobriety. It's hard at first. It's still hard! Many would consider my 4 weeks the veeeery beginning. But holy shit the pay off is immediate and real. Sober powers!
im here with ya bro... just started posting yesterday. 30 years old. always had problems with over drinking since i started when i was 14-15.  I had a opiate problem from 23 till 27 got clean in a rehab... came out sober for about 3 months and then started drinking doing coke..love just being fucked up tbh alcoholism/ addiction runs rampid on both sides of my fam its crazy.. Time to take my life back again... Today I will not drink with you tho my friend!!!!!
Welcome -- so good to see you here...I'm not drinking with you today. One day at a time and if needed one moment at a time is doable...If the urge ever hits you it will be in the moment for the moment; try to grab for the power of impulse control by telling yourself you will wait 24 hours. It's the same technique used to curb impulse spending...I find the book "This Naked Mind" *tremendously* helpful. You can buy it online or get a digital version for free from the sidebar (on the web; on mobile on the sub's front page hit the 3 dots at the top and select community information)..At the same place (sidebar or community information on mobile) you can get a badge. You'll see some people with a number of days behind their name here; that's the "badge" the counter of how many full days they've been without a drink.
I'm with you for sure. 34 now and started when I was 14. Had to really change my mind about alcohol.  I'm never touching that crap again!! Exercise and reading The Sober Mind helped me a bunch. 
Welcome to a place where you can read stories that you thought only you knew but with other peoples' names.  I will not drink with you today!
I'm so glad you posted.  I started a couple of days ago too.  I was a social drinker if I even drank at all.  I did the early 20's hard core drugging and that faded away...It wasn't until my grandmother died and some other life changing events happened in succession that I started drinking to numb myself  I have been drinking almost everyday since 2009.  ..I'm glad that today you did not drink.  And thanks to the other posters I'm going to go look for the "sober mind" book.
Thanks for all the positive and helpful comments! I just asked for my first badge. This place makes me feel less lonely. 
