-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wm2zf/relapsed/

109 sober days that were everything...Just letting you know it wasn't worth it. Not at all. I've been fighting tears over this. ..I messed up today but I promise that I will not drink tomorrow. ..Edit: Didn't expect all of the support! Thanks so much :')
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back friend! One day out of a hundred and ten is still mighty impressive. I will not drink with you today. 
Not a lot of day 110's around but there's a whole lotta day 1's. 
Welcome back. I'm starting again too. Trying to look forward rather than drown in the despair and stupidity of losing so much sobriety. .I will not drink with you today. 
Hey there. Another day one for me today too. I am disappointed and embarrassed and it is hard to fight my thoughts of "just one more day and then I will quit" again. Wishing I was normal. Wishing I was healthy. Feeling waves of anxiety. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Not drink tomorrow *and* not drink the rest of this day. No need to wait until tomorrow to get up...Thank you for being a scout for having gone ahead of us the starters and when you fell down you came back. Came back here to not just tell us "watch the *fuck* out there because no matter how far you're in you're still in a minefield" but also to show us that if we step on that mine we can take you as an example and get up start again...I'm not drinking with you today.
As I have seen someone else write there is a difference between a "lapse" (aargh I had 3 beers last night!) and a relapse (aargh I just spent the last month re-ratcheting up my drinking and I'm back to mr pre-quitting levels!) - - just don't let this lapse become a relapse. Learn from it love yourself and start a new day tomorrow!
One day can't wipe out nearly four months. You are still a sobriety star. Keep the faith. I will not drink with you today.
It's just a slip. Try and nip it in the bud.
Glad you are back. I will not drink with you today. 
Stay strong. The past is in the past. Now it's time to focus on what you do next. It's very important to be sober over the next few days because you are vulnerable after a relapse. Whatever you do DO NOT listen to the voice that says "well why not have some more to drink today you blew your streak already so might as well drink a bit more before going sober again." I listened to that after 6 months sober. And here I am 3 years later... please don't make the same mistake I did. 
I will not drink with you tomorrow. .  You're human! And one who went 109 on your own steam!..  You can do it again and then some...  Way to nip any sort of brutal relapse in the bud :)
Never give up on giving up comrade.  .You can and will do it.
Glad you're back.  I will not drink with you today!
Keep going friend. We learn everyday.
I relapsed after 140 days sober and it was one of the most heartbreaking things I had ever felt. But I got back on the horse and I'm looking forward to breaking 140 days this time. The guilt has left me and the motivation is even stronger. I spent lots of time discovering why I relapsed and that's another tool in my toolbox to stay sober...You can do it one day at a time. I won't drink with you today.
You had 109 days!!! No need to have tears over that. You did absolutely amazing. And look at you... you're back here!! Don't beat yourself up. You should be proud. Things happen and it's important that you don't dwell and get right back to it. 
I recently had 110 days sober. One beer lead me away from my sobriety for a large chunk of the next 2 months..It's very hard..We're both back now and we know we can string together a good amount of sober time.  I truly wish you well in the future.
