-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wmo7c/i_earned_a_drink_right/

Interesting new thought entered my mind last Friday..Aside from fleeting random cravings I haven't been super tempted to drink outside of one occasion where I was having a cigar and had whiskey within arm's reach; however I abstained..That said last Friday I got out of my last afternoon meeting was poised to get out of the office early work's going well my last visit to the doctor was good news things are good with my family I'm in a new relationship I just sold my condo for full asking price all is well..I was closing things out for the week and I thought I should buy a bottle on my way home right? I earned it! I've been sober for almost 2 months what an accomplishment!..It was a bizarre feeling and for a few moments I struggled with that thought...I would be drinking because I'm happy not because I'm bored or things are bad these would be good drinks!..In that moment though I realized I don't "fantasize" about "a" beer or "a" drink....I fantasize about getting a bottle finishing it and passing out....which doesn't sound appealing at all when I really think about it..Fortunately the rational side of me took over and reminded me that the only reason things are so good is BECAUSE I've eliminated alcohol...also I cannot moderate..I didn't drink I had a great weekend and I will continue not to drink
----------immediate responses--------

This is a great post!  I am glad to hear things are going so well for you and that you were strong enough to not reward yourself with a drink.  I find some commonality with your thoughts of rewarding yourself with a drink and also getting to the bottom of a bottle to end your night by passing out.  Thank you for sharing your thoughts.  Your post inspires me to become stronger.  I will not have a drink with you today.
"Moments".  Those vital moments where we can stop and ask ourselves why.  Having answers even part of an answer can save our lives.  Well done on 'getting' it.  
Right there with you... I don't want "a" drink I want to get wasted and sabotage my health and I don't deserve that I deserve sobriety and health. 
We drink to celebrate upward trajectory but it ends up ruining the trajectory.
Thank you for this post!  Awesome job at listening to your rational side that's always been tricky for me.  I won't drink with you!.
Yeah at this point a drink wouldn't be a reward for me it would be cruel and unusual punishment. I'm really enjoying being in control of my life and being present enough to start picking up the pieces of the damage I inflicted to myself and everyone around me. Not sure if I'll get another chance to be honest. It's scary how fast things get worse at advanced stages of alcoholism.
Excellent post. Loved how you put it about what the real fantasy is: self-destruction and annihilation.  I'll have to add that thought to my tool box when I'm tempted in similar situations (90% of the time mine are also friday afternoons).
We're at the same place (63 days!) and the EXACT same thing happened to me on Friday! I was happy about hitting 2 months first full week of school was behind me all planning was done so the weekend was open... And I thought the same thing! I'm glad we both made it past that. 
Good for you - you earned a good night sleep and feeling great on a Saturday morning!  Best feeling in the world!
I had a very similar experience a few days ago... today was my birthday and I went out to dinner with friends. I was anticipating really having a hard time abstaining... but then I started to think about how I'd have to get to the liquor store ahead of time to make sure I had stuff to drink after I got home then started thinking about how terrible I'd feel for the probably next 3 or 4 days the guilt and anxiety as I piece back together the events of the evening... the whole thing was exhausting frankly. It is a significant realization to think "I don't even want 1 or 2... I want 14 or 15!!!" But in reality I don't want any...
Great job boxing out that ridiculous justification. I might be in the minority here but this was always my worst temptation: when things are good I gotta celebrate with wine. Nothing better than 5 pm on a Friday and I'm 10 minutes away from getting the weekend started. Posts like yours help remind me not to go down that road. Well done!
It takes time to lose some of our old conditioned thoughts. I remember having these for several months after stopping. These days my rewards are usually either a cycle ride or something sweet to eat depending on the situation. ..Keep playing the tape forward when the thoughts come and they'll come less and less...
So true!! I've been resetting this whole summer and sometimes I would give in because I rationalized that I was happy drinking so it's not bad. I'm not drinking because I am upset or out of need... just in a good mood and out with friends. Which was always total bullshit and ended up to blackout nights all over again. ..Congratulations on everything! Life sounds great for you. Keep enjoying it! 
