-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wqede/relapsed_anxiety_i_am_scared/

Yesterday - wedding of one of my best friends. I drank a lot. Didn't do anything stupid. BUT today I am feeling anxious scared and so on. I dont know how to cope with that. I am alone and have been relapsing during the last year (after a month or a 10 days) when I have decided to quit drinking. The point is - I am tired scared I dont know what to do with it because I know that I can go without a drink for some time but the I relaps. I want to cry right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

I find the alcohol makes you feel shaky anxious and scared. Tomorrow you will feel better. Be kind to yourself when you're feeling so vulnerable. Tomorrow-another day onwards upwards. Keep the faith. You can do this. I will not drink with you today.
That anxiety is due to the "come down" or hangover. It's the alcohol and lack there of that is causing this anxiety. Just take it one day at a time. Make yourself a nice hot cup of tea and focus on breathing exercises. You can do this.
What do you "do" when you don't drink for ten days or a month? Do you go to AA or anything? Do you come to this subreddit? Do you have a local sobriety buddy?
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
well do I know that feeling. In fact I drank quite a lot myself last night and stayed up very late. Today was difficult. The fear the disorientation that hits out of nowhere the helpless feeling all of it. ..You're going to be ok. You're not going to go crazy. You aren't going to stay like this. It will pass. In the meantime what I like to do sometimes is watch relaxing videos on youtube: ASMR videos come in many forms (gentle whispering pleasant noises relaxing roll plays etc.) and I find they calm me down in tough times. There's always pleasant music or nature sounds too. Or maybe you prefer a favorite movie in the background or a funny show to distract you. I know I like things that are low brain-power because i have a hard time focusing when I'm in that space. ..I find that these really tough days need to be survived. I don't worry about staying sober long-term...I just get through and try to get some sleep. Not that it isn't very important but it can add to the stress without any benefit. Try to remember that this is one of the consequences of over-drinking. ..Take care of yourself- keep your fluids up eat a banana or something if you need to replenish electrolytes be kind to yourself and you'll feel better tomorrow I'm sure. Then maybe you can decide if and how you'll stay sober. If you haven't already. I know this sub will be here if you need support. Good luck.
[removed]
So much of my life was fear-based when I was drinking or recovering from a binge. I lived in fear of relapse for a long time rather than taking positive steps to address my issue. I joined Refuge Recovery for support and saw a substance abuse therapist. Doing even one small thing every day to make progress builds up over time until you look back and can't believe you were so stuck for so long. Best wishes.
thank you all for the kind words!!! anxiety is slowly decreasing.
