-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wtw9u/one_month_sober_but_this_time_its_different/

I'm 30 days sober today! I'm happy about it..Quick recap: I'm a 31 year old guy who was never a daily drinker but I would binge drink hard liquor maybe two or three times a week. I had some fun times but paid a VERY heavy price for it:  a lot of money spent 2 broken ribs which was extremely painful for 3 months going to the hospital in an ambulance a black eye lost some close friends and made a complete fool of myself on Facebook or texting by sending drunk messages and comments. And if all that wasn't enough I developed severe heartburn and a stomach ulcer because of all that vodka and rum irritating my stomach and throat.  ..In 2016 I had about 3 periods of sobriety surpassing one month but I went back to the bottle after each time.  In 2017 I had 2 periods of sobriety ranging from 5 weeks to 9 weeks but there again I returned to the bottle...This time it's different. I don't want to do what I did before which was relapse. So what am I doing differently? Well I read ''This Naked Mind'' by Annie Grace from start to finish and watched several of her videos on Youtube. I've changed the way I think about alcohol...The old me walking past a bar or liquor store:  ''Oh I wish I could have a drink but unfortunately I can't.''    The problem with this approach is that you eventually run out of willpower and on a bad day you might just give in and drink anyway...The new me walking past a bar or liquor store: ''Oh I see this place sells alcohol. I can't imagine why anyone would want to pay a lot of money for this liquid that smells bad tastes bad and results in a headache stomach ache and feelings of regret and depression and anxiety the following day. I think I'll go buy some sparkling water or a ginger ale or some tea instead.''..As you can see this change of thinking is what I'm counting on to help make my sobriety last this time. Instead of thinking about alcohol and something fun that I'm not allowed to have anymore I've started being honest with myself and saying that sure I can have alcohol I just don't want it because it smells bad tastes bad and ruins my life. I don't need to use willpower anymore because alcohol is not desirable. Why on Earth should I crave something that has ruined my health and friendships and finances? ..This is why it's different for me this time. I'm one month sober and I'm confident I will reach 2 months and 3 months sober because alcohol is not worth desiring anymore. It's not fun anymore. It's just drama drama drama and I'd much rather go out for a nice walk or a movie and drink fizzy water with lime or a nice cold Schweppes Ginger Ale instead. You can't crave what you don't like. I no longer like alcohol. I hate the smell I hate the taste and I hate the feeling. I like ginger ale I like tea I like lemonade I like La Croix and San Pellegrino.  If I want to feel ''high'' I can go for a nice early morning walk in the forest or go watch the sunset over the ocean. I can listen to great music or ride rollercoasters.
----------immediate responses--------

absolutely right! Congratulations i will not drink with you today   
I HATE ALCOHOL   
I watched several of her videos this morning too and downloaded the book. I plan to start it tonight. I no longer like alcohol. I will not drink with you today!
Damn I didn't know Annie had videos I've read her book 3 times over.  Now I prefer the Big Book but I will check those videos out for sure thanks!  I will not drink with you today. 
Great perspective! I'm starting to realise this is what has also failed me in the past.  I will not drink with you today..
Sweet!  Thanks.
Thats how being sober works. Thats how people with normal relationships with alcohol think. Congratulations!
It's horrifying how willingly we put up with the costs of our drinking in the past. I broke my dominant hand in a drinking-related incident and kept right on drinking. I knew full well that drinking was the underlying cause of the incident. I knew long before that that I had a problem...In spite of all of that I'm certainly not yet where you are. I sort of feel like I moved my drinking-related behaviors from my desktop to my desk drawer. I'm working with a fresh set of options a clear workspace a clear mind -- but my metaphorical top drawer is still full of something dangerous and desirable. I still open it up and look inside. But I'm trying my hardest not to reach inside. I suppose I do feel a certain revulsion but the desire is at least as strong as the revulsion...I guess I'll have to read the book.
The new me walking past a bar or liquor store: ''Oh I see this place sells alcohol. I can't imagine why anyone would want to pay a lot of money for this liquid that smells bad tastes bad and results in a headache stomach ache and feelings of regret and depression and anxiety the following day. I think I'll go buy some sparkling water or a ginger ale or some tea instead.'' -.Exactly the way I shifted my thinking - spot on! 
Yea nice post. I will have to give that type of thinking a go. I also can recall broken bones being robbed a few times  arrested drink driving lost relationships. All because of drinking. It's like cigarettes too almost everywhere sells them and I know people who smoke but I don't smoke anymore and it doesn't cross my mind to buy them again. Same I hope for alcohol. 
I love your post I saved it for future reference if you dont mind. Thanks so much for the encouraging words and I wish you luck on your continued journey!
It's interesting I've had two distinct periods of being sober and each time I kind of tried to implement the same line of thinking as you...However this third time I've gone a much simpler route than trying to convince myself I don't like X &amp; Y about alcohol etc...This 3rd time I simply remind myself I'm an alcoholic and that's why I can't drink. I've stopped trying to convince myself on all the little details because you know what I actually do like the takes of a cider (for example); the fact is I can't drink alcohol for all the obvious reasons any other alcoholic cannot. My alcoholism had consumed my life and I want my life back. Personally I have to keep it simple this time around and no overthink or dwell on the minute details.
