-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wvhsv/convincing_myself_i_have_a_problem/

My biggest struggle in this is convincing myself that I have a problem when it comes to drinking. I get stuck in the loop of being in college and just assuming everyone is supposed to drink and does but I know that when I take that first sip of beer it's going to be a 12 pack or nothing. I hate myself the morning after but once night comes I've convinced myself everything I'm doing is normal and rationalize with myself to waste another night drinking 
----------immediate responses--------

The shortcut is that *that* thought pattern means you have a problem. No need to try to figure it out anymore. No need to go "am I a problem drinker or do I have a problem with alcohol?" "am I an alcoholic?"..Next to physical warning signs these kind of mental gymnastics are the best indicator something is really off. Because know what? You wouldn't have it if you don't have it. People don't go like "yeah so today I had like 5 bottles of water and then I think is that normal? Like maybe I could cut down and moderate but man that is so hard"..You're consuming a highly *physically* addictive substance in ever increasing amounts because your body adapts to getting rid of the poison. *Everyone* you see drinking is drinking a physically addictive substance; where they are on the sliding scale is another point but on the sliding scale they all are...I find the book "This Naked Mind" *tremendously* helpful. You can buy it online or get a digital version for free from the sidebar (on the web; on mobile on the sub's front page hit the 3 dots at the top and select community information)
Hey I like when people say it doesn't really matter if you're an "alcoholic" or not. Basically if alcohol is causing me problems it's safe to say I have an alcohol problem...I think college is tricky because you're right so many people binge drink and it's funny/no big deal. But I always told myself that when I turned 30 it would magically stop .... it didn't haha. Just got exponentially worse. And seriously I wish I had spent those years surrounded by friends and free time and cool hobbies developing myself as a person instead of starting that in my 30s. Glad you posted though we are all here to support you &lt;3
I started to get a feeling deep down that I used alcohol differently than other people in my first couple years of college.  I've known it and not known it on and off for years.  It's slippery like that.  I do know that it took years before I decided to try to do anything about it.  Then back to knowing and not knowing.  ..Would my life have been different if I had quit when I was your age?  I don't know.  In a lot of ways I got lucky.  But in retrospect I also see some important closed doors and missed opportunities that were undeniably due to drinking or smoking...Have you read Drinking: A Love Story?  It put a lot of things into perspective for me.
[removed]
Sure.  Lots of people in college drink sometimes heavily.  Most people would agree thats 'normal' and expected. But drinking 12 beers or more every time is not what many would consider 'normal.'  Please consider what you think is reasonable and acceptable for you and go from there. Theres lots if support here on your campus and elsewhere if you decide to you're drinking too much. ..I wish you well!
I used to think everyone drank in college too.  Now at thirty and without a degree I think about the wasted opportunity.  I squandered it.  Pissed it away with booze and drugs. They did the same thing for me day after day and year after year.  I wasted most of my twenties fucking around.  When I realized that I've done the same dance with substances seemingly thousands of times to no different of an outcome I made the right decision to put the plug in the jug and toss the sack in the trash out back.  ..Drinking never changes.  High school parties college parties and the after-hours parties with everyone 25 and up are all the fucking same.  Someone pukes someone cries someone slurs someone fights and everyone feels like trash.  So do not think you are missing out because ironically it is actually the ones partying in college that miss out [on the college experience]...You have an opportunity to grow in every facet of your life in college.  College is a luxury not afforded to everyone.  Knowledge is power and one can set themselves up for a less-stressful future and more fulfilling career if they happen upon a subject or direction that they're interested in.  My advice would be to take advantage of college while you are there.  If one puts their nose to the grindstone and grinds out the academic work necessary beautiful things will come to them...Buena suerte amigo.....
Our culture is a drug-taking culture. Some people say alcohol is not a drug even though it is one of worst drugs out there. It is just seen as *normal* to poison ourselves. I think anyone who feels the need to take a drug in order to do something would benefit from looking inward at the reasons why do they  feel the need to take the drug. ..
