-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wxgeh/1_week_2_days_and_everything_is_different/

I'm pretty sure you guys saved me. And since my sister and I have had the same life long relationship with alcohol you just may have saved her too. I was getting desperate to find a way to get my brain to let me stop drinking. My sister and I are the same type of drinkers. We haven't lived under the same roof since we were 16 and 18. We haven't lived in the same country for over 25 years but we both have had alcohol in our lives since either of us can remember. Our father died of alcoholism at 40. We grew up in pubs. It was just always a part of us. We're highly functioning addicts but who cares. We're still addicted. She actually stopped for many years til she got divorced and her controlling husband couldn't tell her what to do any more. Her dormant relationship with alcohol blossomed. Enter present day and we both often discuss why we can't stop. ..Then r/sd entered my life and I realized we're not alone. I started to get very hopeful I could do this. I had my sister jump on here and she became hopeful too...Then many of you recommended reading "This Naked Mind" and I'm here to tell you it is a game changer in the most profound way. Now everything makes sense. Now I know for sure I have a shot at life without alcohol. And I can't wait to see who I am without that drug in my life. I'm only at the beginning but it's real...The author Annie Grace also has YouTube videos that are quite good but def read the book if you are struggling. I feel like I got the key to my handcuffs and was released. I'm well aware I'm only just over a week sober but this time is different. My brain finally got the info it needed to stop. My sister may very well stop too...Thank you r/sd!..I will not drink with you today...
----------immediate responses--------

That book flipped me over too. I'd always had to rely on either shame or willpower; both failed. Now I've no desire to drink. I don't want to continue to poison myself. I get those tricky thoughts and it's still a challenge but the very real desire is not there right now. It's getting me through these early days. I've abused booze since I was in my early 20s and it got worse in my 40s. At 54 I feel I'm done. I hope so. I've got this SD to support me. I'm glad you're here! ..Good luck to you! 
Thanks for a great post - good to hear that both you and your sister are joining the ranks of sober people. Wishing you both success and happiness on your journeys. My sister and I have both quit - me with 276 days and she has 14 months - It's a wonderful journey to take together. I will not drink with you today.
I just requested a download of the book from the sidebar but never received the email. I wonder if anyone else tried to do that without success..And speaking of success nice job. Your words inspired me!
