-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wy0ng/this_is_possibly_the_hardest_thing_ive_had_to/

When I committed to sobriety I committed to being completely honest with myself first and foremost and with all of you. Because you guys were here for me when I was nothing but a drunk. This is where I came to find people like me. People who didn't know how their life could be such a mess. I poured my heart out over the last 2.5+ years. I slipped up a couple of times. But in the last month I've made several conscious decisions to drink. I know in my heart that sobriety is the only way for me to live a happy and fulfilling life. But I ignored everything inside of me that told me that. Because I wanted to "have fun" "socialize" "feel good" "relax".....and it was the wrong decision. How can someone so committed to sobriety (like myself) just flip a switch and pretend like there's nothing wrong with a handful of drinks. Just typing this out is like a huge weight lifted off my shoulders. Because being honest is like setting yourself free. I want to cry. Not because I failed myself but because I came back here. I came back submitted a badge reset and there's nowhere else I'd rather be than on this sub...sharing my struggles and my triumphs with people who understand. Because this is real life. This is what it's all about. Even if you mess up you get honest pick yourself up and start again. I cannot tell you guys how much it means to have your support. And I know that you won't judge me but you'll encourage me. I could really use some encouragement. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

There is no condemnation and no judging.  We all know the struggle you face because we face it too.  And you are brave to admit you drank and I admire that you can recognize all of this for what it is.  You have done it before and I believe you can do it again; I believe that completely.  I will not drink with you today!
I think of it like this I managed to re-wire my reward system in the brain so from here on out I expect to play mental gymnastics. You have a lot of sobriety under your belt and have learned some successful tools just need to dust them off :-) ..Welcome back you got this! I won't drink with you today!
Absolutely no judging. You've been really strong for a really long time and for that I praise you. You came back and for that I'm inspired by you. Your honesty is a testament to what a great person you are. I am glad you are here - fighting the good fight. I will not drink with you today. Wishing you success and happiness on your journey.
Having so many sober days under your belt is amazing. ..I will not drink with you today.
Your show of strength is amazing and it will help you get back to sobriety. I didn't have a fraction of your sober time but I too felt it hard to admit j had drank. Hopefully I'm back to try again. I know life is so much better sober and I was sooo happy sober. It is those thoughts that are giving me the drive to try again. Good luck you got this and I won't drink with you today 
I am so glad that you are here and I am grateful for your post. You are brave &amp; courageous in being willing to keep on trying! I am proud for you in not giving up &amp; for being honest &amp; self accepting.  ..Absolutely no judgement (taking that word out of vocab) &amp; total acceptance... ..Keep believing in yourself we will &amp; I will be proud Not to drink with you :)
You are among friends welcome back.
Welcome back and I'm happy to not drink with you. It's been a tough few days for me but I think I'm starting to see the light. We can all do this.
I'm glad you're here too. I will not drink with you today. 
Welcome home dearest shalee my thoughts are with you today I just want to give you the biggest hug xxx I reset many times before it stuck. For support firstly I come here and every now and then I pop into local groups in and around my area. You can do this lots and lots of love to you xxx
[removed]
Glad you're back.
I don't know how that switch flips so easily either. I suppose there is some brain chemistry behind it. But you know what works and you are back among friends who support your sobriety. It's not so much starting over as getting back on track. A few episodes of drinking doesn't erase the 1000 days of sobriety you enjoyed. Welcome back! I will not drink with you today..
Welcome back. ..This was an important learning opportunity for you..Even after 1000 days the alcoholic brain is still in there still.lying to us still trying to pull a fast one on us...It's one thing to read the posts of other people with long term sobriety who drink again but I imagine that having that experience yourself is a more powerful reminder to stay vigilant. ..I hope you can learn from this and gain strength without beating yourself up over it too much. Of course we are all here for you. You've proven you are a strong person so keep it up!..
If I recall correctly you've had no more than a handful of drinking days in the last 1000.  So your success rate is tremendous!  And from your posts IIRC there might be some additional stress on your sobriety lately because you're dating?  I know you're strong and very self-aware so I have faith that you will chart a course that works for you.  We're paying attention out here and are just a post or comment away!:)  I will join you in not drinking today! 
[removed]
I too am starting over....thanks for your post...your honesty and your 1000 day example. 
God I wish it were flipping a switch but it's more like treading a maze every day.  Sometimes the path is familiar and you get to the center without one misstep.  And sometimes life switches the pattern up and you're faced with a wall that wasn't there the day before.  Please don't be hard on yourself you are fighting the good fight.
you are so strong and an inspiration for me! The journey to sobriety is not easy but we can do this. Let the past be the past. I believe in you and this community. I will not drink with you today!  
You are 100% correct you have to get honest pick yourself up and start again.  You know what you have to do.   Best wishes good luck. I'm not drinking with you today.
I think you are awesome. Your honesty is inspiring. I will not drink with you today. 
Your are strong. Thank you for your honesty and know posts like these also give hope to others such as myself.
Today starts my third day. I will not drink with you today. 
Thank you for sharing this. It really touched me. Sending you love and support.
Thank you for sharing--brave strong and helpful to others. You will always have those 2.5 years. And you have today. IWNDWYT
&gt;How can someone so committed to sobriety (like myself) just flip a switch and pretend like there's nothing wrong with a handful of drinks...Because most of us are alcoholics. Part and parcel you might say. My own sobriety is always uncertain to me even now. The lure is still there. The farther I get from my last drink the more I question how much of my problem was situational. But I know *damn well* whatever circumstance pushed me over the line into abusing alcohol there is no crossing back the other way.  What I **know** and what future me will do however are two very different things. I think that's the nature of addiction...Glad to see you here helping and being helped in the same motion. 
I can't imagine what that feels like. I'm scared that I can't fully commit myself to sobriety. ..This week I tried on the response "ohno thanks I don't drink..." and it felt wonderful. So fucking liberating because i felt honest. Because I DONT drink. And whether or not I make this a lifetime commitment past my mandatory probation right here and now I DONT DRINK. I like the sound of that. But more importantly i like the way it feels. ..I like what you said about honesty. It started with making it through one day without drinking. Than the daily commitment. Now I'm committing myself to full honesty. ..I will not drink with you today friend. 
Well here is to another 1000 days and beyond.  I'm so glad that you are here and you are honest with yourself and us.  Because it helps people like me.  I can't keep that thought of "just one or a few won't hurt" from my mind.  I know it will get better but it's almost like I'm becoming a little more complacent? maybe?  I don't know...Anyways this is all about you and your journey.  You have a wonderful record of your sobriety and it should be celebrated.  Be kind to yourself and embrace what it good about your decision to be honest and come back.  Good to see you and great to have you here with us!!!
You've got this
The glory of sobriety is that it is an option that never goes away it won't turn you away or shun you. Sobriety is the one option that can be a sure thing every single day if you let it be. Thus the thing about recovering addicts as well we will always be here for you as well because we know exactly what your feeling it's a very particular type of bond. This affliction is so unique because the only prescription is will power prescribed by some doctor at or deepest bottom. Welcome back! We are all here for you! 
I'm glad you're back and sharing your story with us. I love the honesty of this sub. I won't drink with you today!
Welcome back!
Hey we've all been there.  Good luck stay strong and carry on.  IWNDWYT.
So in the last 2.5 years you have:..* Roughly 985 days of positive sobriety ..* A handful of days where you had a drink ..That's pretty fucking good my dude. You caught yourself making bad decisions before the walls came down and still have all those wonderful days in your life sober you got to enjoy. Nothing can take that away from you now except maybe continuing to drink. 
"We're as sick as our secrets."..Welcome back!  :)
You're incredibly brave and admirable for having the courage to share this with us. It sounds like you're really in touch with yourself like you made a conscious desire to drink realized it's not the way for you and came back here. .As a sidenote don't force yourself not to cry. It can help sometimes.
Thank you for sharing your vulnerability! Your story helps others at all ranges of sobriety and you can return to four-digit days. I will not drink with you today. Be good to you. Go ahead and cry I would too and then invest yourself again in long-term sobriety.
Arm in arm my friend. 1000 days although 5 times longer than I had before I slipped is actually about a million times more important. I know how crushing it was when I came back I can only imagine how it must feel. I've been talking to a friend of mine who has 5+ years from HEAVY drinking and cocaine. His take is that if you're awake and breathing and not in jail for something you did then beating yourself up will only lead to another relapse. I can buy that its certainly helping me cope with flushing 6+ months of sobriety away by going on a 2 month bender.  
Great post..I would be honored to not drink with you today.
You don't ever have to drink again !
Brave soul that you are. You came back. You slipped but you got back up. It's a bump in the road. Learn and move on. Past is the past.
Hey I wont' drink with you today.   Its funny but I know someone I am likely going to be in the same position you are and what comforts me is knowing that its OK.  There is love and acceptance here and everyone knows how hard it can be.  1000 sober days are AMAZING And I am so proud of you for it.  I feel like the luckiest thing I have experienced in life is finding this place and the amazing support from people like yourself.  Much love!
Your line "there's nowhere else I'd rather be than on this sub" reminded me of the Busch beer commercials. Head for the mountains of Busch. Beer...Now I'm thinking of people around a campfire but instead of drinking they're on their phones checking out this sub. Head for the mountains of S.D...Sobriety is beautiful. My sense of humor not as much lol.
Sobriety gets harder and easier for me at the same time.  Nothing but love for you friend.  You did not fail; you merely took a knee and rested for a bit before continuing on your sober journey.  Sending you thoughts and good vibes today.  I won't drink with you.  
Thanks for sharing.  We are committed to not drinking but we are human not robots so are not perfect.  Keep going strong. Your liver will thank you for it.  Did you have a few drinks then immediately go back to being sober or did the old binge feelings come on strong?  I won't drink with you today!
Being that self aware that you know sobriety is the best way to live your life means so much more than you know! You're not lying to yourself and that is what's important. .We will all be here for you no matter what but as long as you're true to yourself that is what matters!.Keep it up you're doing awesome :).Congrats on 2 days!
No judgement here.  But how about I don't drink with you today?
Those 1000 days (whoa!) are not lost or wasted! The badge is just a number which doesn't always represent a person's true progress.
Welcome back!! Glad you are here :) I will not drink with you today!!
Relapse will happen to many of us here. I'm terrified of it...You should be proud for having the honesty and strength to confront yourself. Rather than dwell on having slipped up focus on your success of having the strength to get sober once again! Seriously the importance of that achievement can not be overstated.
Same exact thing has happened to me twice over the last month.  I think the disease of alcoholism will try to convince you that just having a few won't hurt us.  But as someone said to me:  "I realized it wasn't the drinking itself that I was trying to stop; it was the crippling guilt anxiety and depression that I felt after I drank that I was trying to get rid of."  (apologies to the person who typed this as I paraphrased to the best of my abilities)
Thanks for posting this. I'm still here but sometimes I worry that I won't have the strength to post if I slip. I needed to read this and I really really respect what you are doing.
Every time I've relapsed I've fallen into dark periods of drinking and isolation. Look at you picking yourself up again being honest and coming back to work through this! That takes a lot of strength! I will not drink with you today.
Well written my friend .
Honesty about imperfection is such a hard thing for me but I appreciate beyond expression when others are able to do it as it encourages me. Thank you for sharing. We're in this together.
I am overwhelmed by all of your support. &lt;3 I might stumble but I'll always make my way back here. Thank you!
I am overwhelmed by all of your support. &lt;3 I might stumble but I'll always make my way back here. Thank you!
I am overwhelmed by all of the love and support you guys have given me &lt;3 I may stumble but I'll always make my way back here. Thank you!
Great job coming back! That's what matter. I will not drink with you today!
Welcome back. I will not drink with you today.
We are on the same day again after a relapse. I am with you. Not drinking with you today.
you made it for so long you will make it again. don't be too hard on yourself. good on you for posting your story here. stay strong. 
I am very glad your back and enthusiastically not drink with you today. Now is a time to celebrate your return! Not everyone makes it back. 
Glad you are back. We are in this TOGETHER!
For an alcoholic sobriety is a commitment to facing reality. For a non alcoholic not drinking is not important. For an alcoholic it's a matter of life or death. Destructive drinking accounts for 80% of emergency room admissions and 80% of arrests. If you drink destructively you are 20 times more likely to commit suicide. Alcohol is not a problem for a non alcoholic. For an alcoholic it is the problem that makes all other problems far worse.
Welcome back. Glad you're here.
I would focus on the time spent without drinking. You made it a long way longer than most. This sub is all here for you we all have our own stories and we've all had our dark moments. To me going a month was a big accomplishment but looking at what you did I'm amazed. Take stock of your reasons why you're doing this in the first place and always know we're here for you in your journey.
I've attempted sobriety a handful of times. Every time I did it I thought to myself "ok this is gonna stick" and I get so caught up in this great new feeling of denouncing alcohol that I forget being sober can sometimes completely suck just like everything else. This has in the past lead me to say fuck it and drink. After a few these drinking sessions I would say to myself "oh god why why did I Fuck this up I feel horrible" but then I started to realize that that's just part of struggling with alcohol for your life. I've decided while not an excuse for premeditated drinking slips happen. They are a part of this stupid ass struggle with booze. It's not as though you lost all your sober time. You didn't unlearn what you learned sober. You didn't lose the experiences you had while being sober. So you just dust yourself off and start plodding along again. I always view this as a day by day situation. One of the only things I've really taken away from AA. Today I'm not drinking. Am I gonna go fucking crazy tomorrow and drink myself blind? Probably not but I don't know. As an alcoholic I've done some pretty stupid shit in my life so I'm not gonna rule it out. Don't be down on yourself. Expect this sorta shit to happen and know that it may or may not happen again in the future. I've realized that time off the sauce doesn't necessarily make it less attractive after a while. You're probably not gonna drink today so chin up. No shame needed. You're here and you're alive. That's pretty good 
I am at 81 weeks today.  I no longer get cravings and I've been through enough drinking situations that I'm no comfortable telling people "I don't drink".  Seeing someone as dedicated as you relapse after 1000 days is a welcomed reminder that all my comfort with sobriety can easily lead to complacency.  Alcohol addiction loves complacency.  You have reminded me that I must remain vigilant now more than ever.  Thank you.
Posts like yours make me stay even more vigilant.  Welcome back.
Love your honest and authentic reflection! Slip ups happen - but not everybody wants to face and challenge them. Some go into hiding. Others (like you) reach out and do their best to succeed. Kudos to you - stay strong stay sober!
Glad you're back friend. I'm inspired by you. 
Fall down 9 times stand up 10...Please don't beat yourself up over this. You're doing the best you can! It's hard to stay sober and you may falter at times. Healing from this is a process... I'm glad that you reached out because lord knows the people in this community "get it" and I think we all want to see each other overcome this. ..Use this slip up and how you bad it made you feel physically/emotionally to motivate yourself in the future to resist having a drink. And remember always that you are not alone in this. ..Not drinking with you today!..
No judgement here! The fact that you can admit that and are here definitely says more than the drinks. You sound like you have a great outlook and even though you've drank you still have a lot of sober days there too! Keep up the positive mentality. :) I won't drink with you today!
Welcome back!  After reflecting on your honesty and how crazy it is that we can still crave a drink after so much sober time I think that at some point along the way in sobriety we can forget all of those reasons we were so clear on that made us committed to sobriety.  I can still remember my reasons but the constant beckoning by society to drink can really drown out my own inner voice if I don't pay attention.  I think it just wears us down!  I'm so glad you're back here with us and like others have said your post is such a good reminder to stay vigilant and that I'm not alone in this fight.  Sending you strength and support!
All I can say is that when I slipped up and relapsed (or whatever you call it) I had to realize that relapse is not abnormal shameful atypical or anything to make you feel like a failure. It's a learning experience. If it was an easy thing to do there wouldn't be a subreddit of 70+thousand people and millions in support groups worldwide. As long as you learned from your experience it can only bolster your new sobriety! 
I'm with you sending you my willpower. You're stronger than you know. 
Twice now I have gotten 5 years behind me where I decided I could drink again. ..It seems to be how this works for some of us. The important thing is that I am here and so are you. It takes strength to come back and start over...I won't drink with you today. 
I'm so glad you're here. All of your success hasn't disappeared. This is a just a stumble. It could happen to any of us. ..I have phases where I think I spend too much time here. But then I see a post like this that reminds me... no matter how "cured" I think I may be I will forever be an alcoholic. I can not spend "too much" time here guarding my sobriety from my own sabotage. ..Thank you for coming back with such honesty. You remind me that sobriety is a life long fight and that it is worth the effort despite it *sounding* like a punishment. ..I will not drink with you today. 
So you slipped up it happens. Don't get to down on yourself. I won't drink with you today!
We all have our difficulties on this path.  As they say sometimes quickly sometimes slowly.  I will not drink with you today.  One day at a time. 
Don't beat yourself up.  It is the goal of most dysfunctional drinkers to wish to be able to drink normally.  And we'll go to great lengths to try to do it sometimes with some limited success.  That's why alcohol or our relationship is so baffling.  ..It's easy to understand why a businessperson on a business trip would just want to have a couple of drinks when meeting new associates.  And even though we work towards sobriety we're frequently presented with times where drinking on an occasion like a wedding where you won't have to drive afterwards would be safe and probably fun...You were sober most of the time for 2.5 years.  That's an accomplishment to be proud of...I will not drink with you today.
I recently slipped as well. Felt very much the same way as you. A friend of mine in AA said "that self loathing isn't going to serve you very well. You have to make a decision whether what you're getting out of drinking is worth it to you and only you can decide."..He's totally right. At the end of the day this isn't a morality contest. There's no prize for staying sober the longest. You're not letting anyone here down by choosing to drink. It's your life not anyone else's...It's a simple question. Does drinking work for me? The answer for me is absolutely not. Only you can decide for you.
Sending hugs of support!!!
Your honest is really really inspiring. I spent a tremendous amount of time lying to others and myself and it did me no good at all. How fortunate are we to have a place like this and people who just fucking get it? Congrats on 2 days!
Thanks for the post. Most important part is to forgive yourself and keep trying! I will not drink with you today.
Much love my friend. Stay strong. 
People have a remarkable confidence in self determination and free will...Addictions tell us that it is not quite so simple...You do not drink 'going to the casino or the race track...You don't snort or inject compulsive shopping or being a hoarder....Why we can relapse is a fair question with no clear answer as far as I know...Howevah... if I had to pick players for Team Sobriety 1000 days you kidding me?  You're on my team that's some impressive time doin' it right...One thousand days and I'm at a measly  thirty-five days...You give me encouragement...Just remember that and we'll be fine.
The most important thing is that you found your way back. Thank you you are an inspiration to this newbie!!
It's peculiar how my knee jerk reaction to your post is suddenly seeing that I have a couple get out of jail free cards to play if I suddenly decide to get off this sober band wagon and get drunk again.  Not sure what to make of that reaction.  Gotta almost try to forget about it. 
We are all human. Humans make mistakes sometimes. You're back that's all that matters.
To be totally honest I am really struggling to stay sober and resist the urge lately. I'm so tempted to just have a drink at a bar. Stress is really getting to me lately.
It is a process not an overnight transformation to change something so a part of everything we do. Take your mistakes along with your accomplishments and learn from them. Forgive yourself and move on. We have faithin you!
Everyone who has been through it knows it's a difficult problem to tackle.  Alcohol is everywhere in our society. Just dust yourself off and keep going.  You had a lot of days of sobriety. You can do it again you got this! 
Welcome back! I'm proud of you for having so many sober days! Everyone makes mistakes. This sub will always be here for you. It's so supportive! I won't drink with you today! 
I'm so glad you're safe and back. :)
I fucked up last night big time. Getting back up and starting over. You can too.
Welcome back friend-o! Glad you're back :-) let's do this!
Hey thank you for posting. I'm at over 300 days now and I thought I was good. Loving my sober life. Yet sitting at an intersection on the way home the most powerful craving came over me. I could feel cold white wine whiskey on the rocks on my tongue I knew in my gut (even though I knew intellectually it wasn't true) that I could reach out and grab something that for just a few minutes would give me total peace. I resisted this time but I just as easily could have stopped at the liquor store. You're not alone and we all struggle. 
Thank you for reminding us that it's not worth it (another slap to the little "you can have just one" muppet in my brain.) A very big hug to you today. 
Your badge may say 2 days but you've had more days sober in the last 30 months than I have had in the last 30 years. Posts like yours help me stay vigilant when I start to think I've somehow "cured" my addiction. Thank you for being here. I will not drink with you today.
Welcome back Shalee :) 
I'm so glad you posted this. Honesty with oneself is one of the most valuable traits. ..Everyone's path to sober living is different. Most people slip up along the way. Sometimes a badge-reset is a badge of learning another lesson. This is not a defeat; this is a lesson learned. Next time you will be prepared with more tools in your toolbox. Hang in there. You got this!..Take care. We are all here with you. 
Man there have been a lot of days in the last six months where I've almost given in. I know the feeling...Thank you for this post and kudos to you for being honest-- that's the biggest part of sobriety I think. I will not drink with you today!
We all here for you bro! Much love
Moving back to my college town to finishe up my degree and having just celebrated my 21st birthday a few months ago ive been struggling a little bit with wanting to just have a beer with my friends but your post helped put things back into perspective. I appreciate you honesty thank you. I will not drink with you today. 
Beware of believing the lies that come into your head.  I did that after 5 and 1/2 years of non stop sobriety.  I'm still paying a massive price for telling myself that I would be able to handle drinking again...Never forget why you quit
Good for you for recognizing your mistake and jumping back on the right path quickly.  I quit for 7 months and also made a conscious decision to have a couple of drinks...it was a 10 month streak :(
