-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6wyahf/my_daily_gratitude_wednesday_30th_august/

Hi SDer's [Serephina The Queen of all Cats](http://i.imgur.com/ZGninkM.jpg) I had been experimenting with different settings &amp; captured this image :)..Today I am grateful for my self awareness &amp; protection - I had to leave a SMART group today as one of the clients was very mentally &amp; emotionally unwell. The things that she was talking about were inappropriate for SMART &amp; sadly the facilitator couldn't help this lady get back on track - after 15mins I needed to leave for the benefit of my own mental/emotional well being (I was been trigged badly) I felt bad But I Needed to feel Safe!..Today I am grateful that I enjoyed taking my dog for a walk - he is usually a 'naughty' walker &amp; at 25kg (55lb ?) it's him walking me! Today was a good walk must have been the new collar &amp; lead OR my reduced anxiety!..Today I am grateful that I am reducing my cigarette smoking - I'm not ready to stop (YET!) but I am naturally smoking less because I am spending less time doing 'nothing' &amp; more time living :)..Thanks so much SD'ers for sharing your gratitude's &amp; please keep them coming! Humorous emotional mundane or momentous anything that helps us remember all that is great about living alcohol free. Each post I read gives me new ideas on how to enjoy living this sober life :) 15 more days of this commitment to myself for posting my daily gratitude. Some days it has been a huge struggle &amp; others have felt so natural &amp; right but either way I am grateful to share this journey with this fantastic community!..Stay strong stay brave &amp; be gentle with yourself :) I will not be drinking with you!
----------immediate responses--------

She's beautiful!  
Awwwww! She's so so so adorable!!
I quit the smokes around $4 a pack like 7 years now.
awww what a gorgeous kitty!! and I love the effect too...very atmospheric!! Another beautiful pic quirks thank you!!..Well done for having the strength and self awareness to remove yourself from that situation I can only salute you! How brave and self preservation instead of self destruction...AWESOME!!..I'm battling with the tobacco myself I'm going to have to try and "mean it" very soon...I'm not rich and I'm literally setting fire to money that could be better used elsewhere I'm glad you've found more ways to fill your time than smoke!! Talking of which are you getting along with crochet or is it too frustrating for you?..I saw you asked after my keto meals yesterday I never got round to replying...but yes you're right I do love to cook for people!! My favourite keto meal must be steak!! I season the pan well fry my steak on both sides for 2 minutes (i like it rare I would have it just walked through a warm room :D) with that I have a lovely big salad usually butterhead lettuce and baby spinach sprinkled with sunflower seeds and dressed with olive oil &amp; apple cider vingegar dressing and a large garlic mushroom...I also make my own homemade stilton sauce to go with that and have a nice but of hot mustard on the steak also!..Last week I did the same salad but with a nice salmon steak cooked with coconut lime and chili then drizzled in olive oil after cooking....you would pay top dollar for how good that tasted even if I do say so myself!!..Have you tried having a pocket full oftreats when you walk tonka? Laddie knows I have a pocketful when we go out so he will always come back when whistled or just generally be a good boy on walks....he gets a bit excited when we meet other dogs but thats because hes so happy and playful bless him - he loves nothing more than tearing around like a loony with other dogs!! :-D..Today I'm grateful that I got to go to my friends ultrasound and found out the gender of her baby...another little girl on the way for her YAY!!..I'm grateful that we have a very rare day of sunshine here in cumbria and that means I have my washing on the line woop woop!!..I'm grateful that I have my lovely little uke to play and learn new things on..And I'm grateful that I have a meeting to go to tonight..I really hope you carry your daily gratitudes on after day 40 quirks I know I for one would miss them if you stopped!! :-)..Lots of love and peace coming your way xxx
thank you hatgirl! sweet kitty. ..lots to do today (packing) so posting quickly ... ..I am grateful my daughter is leaving for college today. That's not how I am *supposed* to feel--other moms keep asking "Aren't you devastated?" Um no. She's ready and I am ready. Excited for her to start the next phase of her life and for us to start the next phase of our relationship. ..I am grateful that to my immense surprise my husband has dramatically reduced his drinking also and is contemplating quitting completely. I am focusing on not getting attached to this because he might start again and I need to be fine with whatever he does. But in the meantime we are having some great conversations about the benefits of stopping and it's nice to share that along with all the other things we share. ..Peace out hatgirl and have a great day. IWNDWYT
Ah I missed this. I am grateful for a more purposeful life. I am grateful for the ability to care for others whether next door is literal or figurative. I am grateful that my old outgoing self still takes the form of this aging woman. I am grateful for my home. I've always wanted a warm inviting place to enjoy and share with others. I am grateful for my garden which even in the dog days of summer is pumping out healthy vibrant food and begrudgingly feeding some of the neighborhood rabbits and slugs. My kids went back to school (part time) this week and so I am overwhelmingly grateful to have 12 full hours a week of nothing but time. I am grateful for a husband who is happiest with me when the craft table seems to have exploded. I am grateful for yet another chance to live the life of the person that I want to be.
Aww she's gorgeous! Fabulous photo Quirky! I'm grateful my day was kinder than yesterday and as much as I love my daughter and partner I actually had the evening to myself after my long shift at work today. This meant I could slob out on the couch watch what I wanted on TV in pyjamas and eat cheesecake with no interruptions! Bliss!   Plus you absolutely did the right thing leaving the group! Being un-drunk I've found doesn't seem to make it any easier to say no and put myself first yet however it is helping me stick to the decisions I've made when I'm brace enough to do so because I know I am rational and present when I make them! If that makes sense? Too tired to do my Positivity and Gratitude post tonight but hopeful I'll get one out tomorrow! Much love dear friend   
Aww what a sweet looking kitty!
Aww very wise advice as always Quirky   Yes I will try let that negative voice wash over me without fighting to block it out... which is what I used wine to do after all   Hmm. Another day at work for me today but only until 4.30pm today thank goodness. Plus I have the weekend off with my daughter. Yay! Forgot to say that I have enjoyed all your photographs up to now. It is a hobby I would very much like to be explore too one day. I haven't kept my promise and done my journal   the last few days but I knew I would struggle more being back at work and not going to beat myself up about it. I will try just recap tonight!   love peace and calming music to you today lovely    
Thanks so much /u/Quirkyhatgirl it's been another very emotionally draining day at work but I'm going to have a nice long bath now and more cheesecake later and try forget about it! Life's too short! I manage quite a large team and I really just need to get it into my thick head that I can't please everyone. There's always going to be somebody who's not happy! However this 'old people pleaser' still finds it hard! Urghh! Sorry for the vent! Hoping you found another lovely photo to print! I'm going to have a look after my bath    Sending love and hugs      
