-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6x8pwl/waking_up_late_still_ahead_of_the_game/

I set my alarm for 6:30am......told myself I'd get up early &amp; cross a bunch of stuff off the "to do" list. HAD to be out the door at 8:45 and was taking 3 kids to the pool. Hadn't packed lunches towels etc yet (cause I told myself I'd do it in the morning since I was getting up early haha).....Anyways I pressed Snooze MANY times and didn't get out of bed until 8:10am. I was able to pack healthy lunches get together pool bag towels gear etc get myself &amp; a 4 year old ready and be out the door in time. ..What's really really amazing tho is how peaceful I felt doing it. Everything was just....I don't know....fine? I never saw myself as someone with anxiety....but now I realize I was riddled with it all the time. On another morning waking up late would've meant cursing myself out feeling sick and possibly throwing up &amp; instead of enjoying my day....wishing it'd be over before it started. ..Instead I had fun....real true fun at the pool with the kids. I laughed &amp; played and I felt like a kid. I felt grateful and happy that I got to spend one of the last beautiful days of summer vacation doing that. ..I'm still really struggling with cravings. I have an internal fight with myself everyday between 3-7'ish. But a day like today really shows me what I'd be throwing away. ..Sorry to ramble but feeling pretty good (even while fighting cravings)...and wanted to share!
----------immediate responses--------

Ahhh the snooze button: both my best friend and worst enemy :)..Good for you. I certainly had less anxiety and more peace after I quit alcohol. Keep up the good work! I won't drink with you today.  
You made my day :) What an awesome accomplishment! Congrats :) Here's to many more less stressful mornings even if you did hit the snooze button ;) You got this! I will not drink with you today :)
This made me smile!.I am so happy you had a fun day!.  
This really makes me happy. This is what I'm looking forward to. Thank you for sharing.
