-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xbme4/todays_end_will_be_19_and_i_feel_like_shit/

my wife continues to cheat on me and lie about it when I absolutely without a doubt know the truth and there is no longer any reason to be dishonest about it. I've been underemployed for a few years because of my addiction and struggling with the past and mental health issues. I've lost touch with many close friends by isolating myself in my misery in a bottle. I can see this is a little bit different than the mostly uplifting posts here but I can say for all these reasons I will not drink today. I need to find a way out and the only way I will find that is sober clear-minded and healthy. thank you all for being here for all of us every day.
----------immediate responses--------

You have made the right decision. Hang in there.
YESYESYES. Things will be hard and get harder the world will try you mentally physically and spiritually in every way it can when you are down but overcoming that shit makes you unstoppable. Succumbing to temptation is such a big burden added to that list. If you can get through this struggle all of what you listed will be so much easier to deal with because you will have overcome such a greater monster than those. People can hurt you and you can walk away but you cant get away from you. Focus on yourself and surround yourself with loving people.
There are some rough days but they sure make the goods days that much better.  Give it time it will improve.  
You can do it brother.
Sorry you are going through some shit man move with the punches. 
I think you made an important post and one that you can look back on as a record of how you felt on this day.  I'm hearing someone who is really ready to turn things around for their own benefit and that's always the clincher.  What you're going through with your wife absolutely sucks but you'll be so much more capable of addressing that issue and any other difficulties that you face with continued sobriety.  You can't control other people's behavior but you can change your own.  You're doing it and this internet stranger is proud of you for doing so.  I will join you in not drinking today. 
Let it out dude!.Sure finding optimism in life is great (and comes much more easily with sobriety) but most of us are very familiar with the deep pessimism that is addiction. .If anyone gets it it's us. .Just hang tight the roller coaster of life always goes back up. 
Sending out good thoughts for you my friend. 
That does sound rough. It really can get so much better. Hang in there and do the next right thing. It took a while to get where you are and it takes a while to get out.  Things really do tend to improve if you stick with it. There are ups and downs but the trend line is up. 
I am grateful for your honesty admire your commitment wish you all you need to stay on course and will not drink with you today. I hope things look up soon.
You are absolutely right that being sober will help you find a path out of this mess. I too am in a situation I don't want to be in and I have decided booze has to go in order for me to focus on getting out of it...I'm sorry to hear about what you are going through with your wife. Do you mind me asking - do you want to save your marriage or in your mind is it over?..Best. 
&gt; I need to find a way out..There's always a way out a different life that can be created by making changes (small or large will effect change). Start planning set goals start to dream; make your dreams a reality.Without drink weighing you down making change will seem very easy. 
