-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xlvzi/day_12_have_decided_already/

I use to drink ritually after a weeks worth of work as a 'reward'. I figured I had really overcome that trigger but after last night I'm not sure anymore. I had a very rough shift at work last night yes the worst day since I started this job. At that very moment I had already decided to drink coming Monday. It might sound stupid but I never drink on workdays. I use to plan my drink days hangover days and work days. That is after I started working before that everyday was a drinking day. ..I'm not sure what to do. I know deep down I don't want to drink I know that I'm using alcohol as a coping mechanism. But I haven't had enough time to work on other coping mechanisms I guess. ...Longest sober - 40 days (relapsed 12 days ago) .Started - end of April 2017
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you - you are practicing sobriety. Jump into the game the benefits are AMAZING!!! Wishing you success on your sober journey. I will not drink with you today.
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
You can do it! The crummy days will still happen but the coping with alcohol can be replaced by other more productive things. How about purging your house/ apt./ closet? Cleaning old stuff out helps refocus and you feel great about having less junk. It's really cathatric. While you're doing this you may come across some things.... a book you want to read some random junk you could build into something see some minor things that could use improvement/ fixing...Napping and food are also very powerful. For now keep yourself sane by not focusing on Monday. If you want make some plans now so that you'll have something fun to do that will interfere with the drinking plans. Maybe something early morning and than a nap so it's "too late" in your mind to get started. Our museum here is open Monday so that's what we are doing. Also if you've never done it go to a movie or out to eat alone. It's a different perspective to step out that way. Take a book if it makes you feel more comfortable. If you haven't ever it'll be exciting to try and if you already like it then there's a bonus...I've found pintrest to be of a help oddly enough. I can search "cool (bird feeders/ planters/ yards/ flower beds) and it comes up with a dream list that drags me in instead of focusing on drinks. You can do the same with meals and meal planning art book arranging- the possibilities are endless...You can do it! Now you know what control feels like because you've been sober and as you said you don't really want to drink. The brain is a smart tricky thing that knows exactly what to say to you. In your case it's saying "well you already planned it so it's done". But remember that it's wiring and it's going to take some time to get it fixed. For now don't give in. It's not too late. Hope something I typed helps :) I will not drink with you today!!
