-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xmwlw/this_naked_mind/

I have to say I finally started reading it today after a small relapse and it really is as great as everyone makes it out to be...Reframing my mindset and being excited for sobriety rather than worrying about not being able to drink is such a game changer I've never considered.  Happy to not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I just started reading it too and am excited about some of the early ideas presented in it. Let's do this!
Good work on keeping your relapse from escalating!
Allen Carrs' Stop Drinking Now is a good read too
That book and SD were game changers for me.  Not drinking with you today!
This naked mind saved me on 3 occasions this last week I'm glad I've been reading it.
It is so hard for me not to evangelize about that book and I only just finished it last night! But it's already helped so much. I will enjoy not drinking with you today.
It's an excellent book. I'm picking it up for the second time. The first time I read it I failed multiple times as I worked my way through the book. This time it feels like it's starting to stick more and it's genuinely helping. 
I'm halfway through the book. I had a little stumble in my not drinking last night. I decided to observe myself. Annie Grace is definitely right about the 20 minutes of pleasure followed endlessly chasing the buzz...I was shocked by how much time slowed down during those 20 minutes. I felt nice but then... After 20 minutes the whole rest of the night was a negative experience. Down down down. Not to mention the hangover today. ..And that 20 minutes of pleasure for 20 hours of pain was just a result of the relief from craving.
I'm reading it for a 2nd time and it's changed my whole perspective on alcohol in our culture.
Alcohol Lied To Me by Craig Beck is also excellent!
Reading it now..... Alcohol is a physical depressant that poisons your body and ensnares your brain. It destroys you physically and mentally. It deadens your senses thereby deadening all your survival instincts. It takes the happiness of this beautiful life with it".-Annie Grace The Naked Mind..The book has an overall positive uplifting tone but this passage just struck me. Maybe because I needed to hear it. ..Maybe it sounds like good news because I'm sick of being charmed by poison. Kind of like... "Oh really?! Whew what a relief then. I don't have to drink it to feel good." ..It is painful expensive life threatening and depressing but for some reason I had it in my mind that it was the only thing that would make me happy. How backwards is that?!
