-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xpfty/im_not_sure_where_to_start/

My drinking is out of control. My life is turning to complete garbage. I have a great job and friends and everything looks great on the surface. But I'm losing my grip on reality and my sanity is slipping away. No one around me notices the changes in me; I'm becoming more withdrawn and secretive. I'm not as social as I used to be and everything is just too much. So I drink about it. I drink about everything and all the reasons in my head that I keep struggling with anxiety. I'm majorly depressed. I feel like I can't cope with life and all the things that come with it. I know my drinking is the root of the problem and if I could just stop it would start getting better. So everyday I wake up I say to myself "this will be day one. I won't drink today." But then as the day goes on I am craving it all day and by the time I'm off work and have the chance to drink I'm so obsessed with the taste and smell and feel of alcohol that I start slamming shots. Then after the buzz sets in and I'm to the point of blacking out I get really sad. Sad that I let my life down again and myself and I'm a failure to ever be better. I don't want to live this way anymore. But I don't know where to start. I've been lurking on this sub for quite a while now and always see posts about how much this helped so many of you. Maybe I'm not hopeless. But I'm surely lost. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
You aren't hopeless. Alcohol is just addictive as hell...You aren't lost--you're here. It's a good place to be...I won't drink with you today. It's the only start I know so . . . you in?
Have you tried to talk to your doctor?.I got Campral tablets from mine which helped a lot with the cravings. 
We are here for you bro...don't start with one day..decide not to drink this hour  then the next until u go to bed...That's how I handled my first dayThat was 7 days ago...U GOT THIS
Something that helped me was imagining my life in 15 years if I continued to drink. Bloated chubby obnoxious hanging in bars not married dating chubby obnoxious women mediocre at my job. Fuck that. I quit now before life becomes that awful...Lost 20 lbs met an incredible woman found a new job that I excel at. Life is on track to being the exact opposite of the possible alternate alcoholic reality.
