-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xq92q/70_days_and_what_i_learned_from_sd/

I have not had an alcoholic drink for 70 days! I never really thought I'd stop drinking for this long but I'm loving it so far. My best friend asked me if this "not drinking thing" was forever or not and I said "I don't know how long it's for but I'm not drinking at the moment." I cannot see into the future nor do I want to. I am happy with my choice not to drink. I don't worry anymore about how much I should drink or if I said something or did something because I was drinking or it was actually how I felt. I no longer think wine beer or some liquor would enhance the moment. Today was a beautiful day in MN and I spent most of it laying outside. I drank coffee ginger beer sparkling water and regular water. I listened to music and colored my adult coloring book. I made lunch. I joked with my roommates. I went to Target for some things. I didn't think of alcohol the whole day. ..I have also started to use the "just for today I will not..." saying that I learned here to attempt to quit smoking. I realized a month into not drinking that cigarettes had to go. They are bad for my health and another form of poison I was freely choosing to use daily. I was a binge drinker so except for Friday or Saturday nights I didn't have a consistent drinking habit. It was easier to not drink Sunday to Thursday. I had a consistent smoking habit so they are harder to give up for me. It's been 4 days since I quit smoking. I still get at least four cravings between 5pm-10pm. When I get cravings I just say to myself "just for today I will not smoke. Tomorrow I can smoke if I still want to". This has helped me tremendously. I also know that if I relapse with smoking that I can start over right away. Wish me luck! And thank you!..I will not drink or smoke today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on four days not smoking and 70 days no alcohol! Good for you for making these amazing positive changes.
&gt;My best friend asked me if this "not drinking thing" was forever or not and I said "I don't know how long it's for but I'm not drinking at the moment."..Wow. This is my exact mindset. It seems fragile at first glance but I've actually found it to be extremely effective. No pressure to do things for the rest of my days lol. Just the ability to keep making good decisions each day.  
I like the Just For Today affirmation which you say you've learnt on here...any more info please? Or a link? Thanks...best of luck moving forward sounds great 70 days...I hope I can achieve that......IWND(OS!)WYT....
Very insightful post. Thanks. I took your response to your best friend and have put it in my collection of quotes related to not drinking. It's nice to see an unworded thought well expressed by someone...Congrats on the not smoking today. Day 4? That means the nicotine is out of your body. From now on it's no longer the habitual routine *and* the physical draw of the nicotine. Your body won't be asking for nicotine anymore. Different kind of beast to deal with now :)..I'm not drinking with you today!
Just for today...a powerful statement to be sure it's my tool for keeping things in perspective...the eternal here and now it's all we have.  I'm STILL struggling with cigs though...went almost 20 years without and then started with a cigar and one smoke here and there a couple of years ago now they got me...ugh...
I think I could've written this post from the number of days to the conversation with my best friend... but with a few slight differences... I'm in MA not MN and my issue is smoking weed not cigarettes... you've also been more successful in quitting cigarettes than I have in quitting smoking weed... I do try to keep telling myself to use the tools that have helped me not drink for 70 days to stop smoking but I don't think that I am mentally or physically in the same place as I was when I decided to stop drinking... on the other hand I have a feeling that true sobriety will only help me in the long run to deal with the issues that got me addicted to both in the first place. Also trying to quit soda and not having much success either...
Thanks....taken some time to respond as been out for a looooong walk....one of my strategies....one of my fellow walkers assumed we would have a beer at the end but we just didn't!..Cheers for the explanation makes sense....
