-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6xqpyr/wedding_struggles/

Been a while since I've been on SD as sobriety has been going well. However I went to a wedding tonight that was absolutely gorgeous and a lot of my family was there. There was an open bar full of top shelf liquors craft beers and pitchers of wine set at each dinner table. I found myself romanticizing alcohol all evening and was envious of those indulging. I know I won't regret not drinking but when I pulled out of there at 9:30 to retire for the night I knew it was just beginning for others and this left me depressed. Not really sure why I'm writing this post. Even in the company of loved ones I felt really alone and wanted to drink tonight and it's the first time in a long time. Thanks for reading...EDIT: thanks for the support SD. Got up early and went mountain biking before the rain. Feeling much better today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean--I feel lonely when I am at an event like that. I try to focus every minute on how I will feel the next day waking up sober. I look forward to actually enjoying the event some day--maybe soon.
I can really relate to this. I don't have any answers for you I just want you to know that you are not alone. 
I understand. I still have that happen from time to time. And sometimes it really sucks. But there are so many other memories to be made. Sorry you had such a crap night. 
Definitely been there. But after a few relapses I now know more than ever how much it's not worth it. Knowing what will happen if I drink helps me to stay strong and positive in those situations. I hope you feel better.
Good for you for putting your sobriety first and leaving early. ..I 'Play the tape forward' when I start romanticising alcohol imagining my disappointment at the end of the night if I had a drink. Knowing that if I had one alcoholic drink I would give myself permission to have another one and another. In a few weeks where would I be? Probably back where I was downing 2 bottles of wine a night and feeling like death every day.
Why romanticize it? What is alcohol really? It's just another type of drink. It has one nice effect for a little while and a lot of side effects. The same could be said for sugar or caffeine. Try a drink with one of those :p ..Seriously tho who says alcohol deserves romance ya know? I've said it before: I blame advertising lol. ..I've now had a great time sober at 2 weddings. It is possible I promise! I just focused on engaging with the moment having fun enjoying the people around me. ..I'm sorry you had a not great time tho and congrats on not drinking in spite of that ! 
That took a lot of commitment and a metric tonne of will power...Good for you you did good...I will not drink to your success today.
Yeah loneliness best describes it. You feel left out even if you don't want to even drink. I was thinking about this and the way to describe it for me was that your single and everyone else has a partner with them. It's just that that partner is an alcoholic drink. They get excited by it (at least at first) and go everywhere with it. They talk about it. Compare each others. And your left just trying to fit in. .No one likes being the odd one out. Your just "not one of the gang". No way round it. .That's the way I feel anyway. Hopefully others don't have the same experience hanging out with drinkers.
Your post is giving me strength. It is 530 am. I am in New Jersey visiting for my cousins wedding which is tonight. I already know they will have a similar set up. Whole I am excited to see family I haven't seen in a long time I am anxious about the drink. Again ypur post has encouraged me. I will not drink with you today or tonight. Good going. Stay sober my friend!
Choosing your sobriety last night took a lot of strength! While their night may have just been beginning they probably aren't going to have much of a day to enjoy when they get up this morning or later this afternoon.  I feel sorry for the sober people that stayed behind and didn't leave when you did...I think they probably had the worse night...Chin up OP! You did great! I won't drink with you today.
Shit the way I think of it is. It's the beginning of their night and the end of yours yet tomorrow you'll actually have a day that's useful. Their tomorrow is going to be hell. 
So glad you left when you did. For me I think drinking events are going to be difficult for me for a long time. I have accepted that. Mostly I will simple choose not to expose myself to it but there are some things I will *have* to go to. In those cases I will have a Sober Escape Plan ready. Like even if my husband is also going I take my own car. I always take my iced tea even if the host says they will have some. I make sure to look as good as possible. When I've had it the only goodbye is to my man. I just go. In some groups saying goodbye can take a damn hour. I don't need that &amp; I've always hated that part anyway. When I am safely in my car and free of the "party BBQ wedding bar event concert whatever it was I high five myself &amp; scream FUCK as loud as I can! Good luck to you
Yeah when I visit the places I used to go all the time I look around and all I tend to see is the "cheer" that my friends are experiencing...another round pints with foamy heads merry chatter etc etc.  It gets me a little down but not as much with each passing day.  Plus I don't go every single day so that helps.  And I seem to have an ability to "play it forward" in a way I've never had thanks to daily check-ins and readings here on SD!  Glad you posted it helps me!
You're definitely not alone. We're here with you!
