-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y1w8n/i_dont_know_what_i_am_doing/

Today the full force of my dependency or addiction hit home. I have struggled with coming terms with the fact that I have problem. I would say "I may have or it might be becoming a problem" I justified my drinking simply by thinking that I need it to sleep. I started my nightly "night caps" over a year and half ago. I remember that I recognized the habit as a problem in Dec. 2016 and resolved to stop drinking. I made it to March of 2017 before I had my first drink at business conference. Other than a week or two here and there when I would challenge myself not to drink I have had a drink or more every night for more than a year. One month ago I lost my best friend suddenly. He died and I still have no clue why. He had an undiagnosed medical condition that won't be known until the autopsy results come back. I went on a ten day binge that I don't really remember. For the first time in my life I drank from morning to night. I tried to stop after the binge and only lasted 4 days. I had to take a week off of work and I went to a grief counselor. I went back to work and resumed my nightly drink.  Today as I was cleaning my house to prepare for my boyfriend's arrival I thought of the fifth of vodka and two bottles of beer in my fridge. My boyfriend has cautioned me in the past about my alcohol consumption. He has tried to help me realize that I was using alcohol as crutch especially since my friend passed away. My first instinct was to hide the vodka in a box in the freezer and shove the beer deep to the back of the fridge. Out of sight out of mind right? Then I thought maybe I should take it out and hide it somewhere in the house to avoid it being discovered. Then it hit me: I am hiding my alcohol. I am hiding my alcohol because I think it isn't right that I am drinking. I am hiding from the truth. The truth is I am an Addict. I am using alcohol and over the counter medications to escape from fear pain and other issues. I am using alcohol to cope instead of using coping skills to deal with problems in healthy ways. I called my boyfriend and I told him about my self-revelation. As we talked I poured the nearly full fifth of vodka down the drain and followed it with the two bottles of beer. I cried out of shame and pride. The thing is I don't judge people with addiction issues; in fact I admire those who have overcome addiction. But admitting to myself and others that I have a problem makes me feel like I have failed by not maintaining control. I wish I didn't feel ashamed that I lost control but in time I hope that I can move past this a stronger person. Tonight my boyfriend and I will attend an AA meeting. I don't why I am going. By going to a meeting the fact that I am an addict will be solidified and tangible in my mind and hammer home the fact that I need help. I haven't had a drink in 14 hours. By 10 o'clock tonight I will have reached 24 hours. I have hope.  
----------immediate responses--------

I won't drink with you today
I am glad you are here. How strong it is of you to be where you are right now - taking BACK your power. Amazing! Hard work ahead but to have control of your own power - totally worth it! I have hope for you too I won't be drinking today either. Come back when you feel like it I found this to be a very welcoming supportive group. Someone is always around very non-judgmental and just reading over posts and stories has helped me past more than one rough spot in the last month..You got this!!
Good luck. I like your attitude and wish you well and hope you can stay strong. 
You have made a good decision! Be open to all aspects of supporter. Sometimes this sub is enough others need AA or SMART recovery etc. Whatever works for you is best. You can do this!  IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry to hear about your friend. The grieving process is never easy but has presented you with the gift of opportunity. I wish you the best and look forward to seeing you post about your success around here. I won't drink with you today!
You are lucky to have a good boyfriend. I can tell he really cares. He's even going to AA with you. You can do this!
  I have hope for you too friend! Stay strong. It won't be easy some days it will be horrible and you will want to give in. Don't. And then it will get even harder and you will REALLY want to give up. Life is hard shits always going to get fucked up. I know the one thing that will NOT help no matter what bomb has just gone off in your life. Alcohol. Very happy for you! 
Keep strong. I will not drink with you todat
When one of my best friends passed away unexpectedly in 2014 my socially acceptable alcoholism (if you can even call it that but whatever that's how it felt) transformed into full blown ordering whiskey online and just drinking all the time alone. Devastated. I think it's when I finally lost my ability to control my drinking (check this post I read today: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y2pj8/sobriety_is_more_than_not_drinking/). I quit drinking completely in September 2014 she passed away in July 2014. So that was an awful few months. Then I took six months off alcohol after that long bender (because I was out of money basically and figured I might die if I kept drinking at my current rate). Then six months later I felt like I had gotten over my "tough spot" with the friend's death and thought I could drink normally again. Started drinking again. Then the next two years were a rollercoaster of okay drinking then danger zone drinking then inappropriate escapism drinking to sobriety patches circling through all of those stages repeatedly. Now at 103 days I know that a focus on sobriety is part of my life forever. I hoped I could just drink and feel carefree about it again but I just can't anymore. I hope to succeed in my sobriety every day. But even if I don't I have accepted the fact that alcohol is just different for me now. If I have a drink again someday it will be with the knowledge that it is dangerous for me. I don't plan on having one...but that is how I think about it. ..So I am so sorry to hear about your friend. I can remember the horrible pain I felt every day after my friend's death. I wish no one would have to feel that way. Please try to take care of yourself as best as you possibly can. It will be worth it for you. ..Now I see my life of sobriety as a testament to my fallen friend because I'm able to fully appreciate every second of time I am given especially with my loved ones. I can't even remember the last thing I said to my friend because I was drunk the last time I saw her...I wish you all the best. I will be rooting for you Kehendrix and hope to see you posting more here!
I won't drink with you today. Congrats on being so brave 
I won't drink with you today! 
What helped me get through the first few weeks was lots of cookies and sweets. My body was so used to getting all those sugar and carbs...I craved cookies! Great job on pouring that out and I won't drink with you today.
Pushing through that initial feeling of failure will reveal more hope than you ever would have thought possible. Keep going one day at a time. 
You aren't a failure being a human is not easy there's no instructional manual.  You're only misstep was you weren't able to handle pain and fear which are two of the hardest emotions to deal with!!  You handled a lot of other emotions well and do plenty of other things right two of which seem to be good self awareness and a solid sense of grammar :)  Go easy on yourself you are on the right path and are taking the right steps.
I will not drink with you today!
