-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6y65ms/day_74_was_earned/

Shit that was tough. ..As soon as I woke up this morning I was having intense cravings. I even started sweating a little. Couldn't shake the thought of grabbing a six pack or heading to the bar. ..Then I did what I told myself I'd do in these circumstances. I played the tape forward. I thought about the impact me drinking would have on my family and SO. I'm fortunate to have people in my corner that are really supporting me. Drinking would be utterly selfish. A cold slap in the face to those close to me. I've been working hard on this but so have they. I don't want my drinking to take anymore hostages. ..I also thought about how bad I'd feel physically. I'm dealing with a mountain of stress right now. The thought of alcohol induced anxiety would make life unbearable...I took myself to a meeting. I particularly didn't want to go today. I sat there begrudgingly. I was upset with the person who chaired the meeting as I thought she was being too preachy about what constitutes a higher power. I thought about getting up and leaving. But I stayed. ..After the meeting I grabbed some tacos from a new joint with my SO. Came home and rode out of the rest of the evening reading this sub and spending time with my SO who is having some stresses of her own. ..It's been a white knuckle day. But I made it through it without picking up. When I wake up I'll be at Day 75 instead of Day 1 again. I never have to do a Day 1 again. Truth be told the way I drink my body may not be able to take it. ..Tomorrow I'll have the same stresses. But they won't be compounded by shame guilt nausea and the shakes. I'll be able to talk about struggle on Day 74 instead of surrender. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Earned is right damn! And then after all that you wrote this (which I am saving because doubtless such a day is somewhere in my future much as I would like to think otherwise and I am going to want to remember "I don't want my drinking to take anymore hostages" not to mention the pricelessness of being able to talk about struggle instead of surrender)...So. Much. Respect. Thank you for posting this.
Thank you for sharing this. I'm dealing with a ton of stress right now too; feeling grateful I'm not adding to it by drinking. ..Well done getting through day 74!
Good job! I will not drink with you 
Well played. Love the 'played the tape forward' one little quote that has a dramatic impact. ..Good job. 
Saved this post to refer to when I have one of these challenging days. So far it's been easy peasy but I know danger lurks around the corner...my day/s of temptation will come. Thank you for sharing.
"There's nothing so bad in life that alcohol won't make worse." Thanks for sharing your experience and congrats on 75 days!
Mmm Tacos. Now you're at 75 and I won't drink with you today. 
You should be proud you did fantastic !!!  I read a blog once where a woman chronicled her first year of sobriety and she said she documented only three really HARD urges cravings during the first year - REALLy as hard as they are their were ONLY 3!  So I decided to document as well - so far (I don't really count the first 30) -I've had two - the Friday before Memorial Day weekend - killer - I thought I would cave - and the other we were on vacation and were arriving into a tropical storm a real party town I said to hubby - you know I don't want to drink but I don't exactly know what else to do with  my self -  we got umbrellas and went exploring the town - we were soaked - but I had to get out and do SOMETHING - I read somewhere each time we ride through one of these cravings we build new pathways in our brain - we build our sobriety muscle!!HAHA Getting stronger -Great job on your ND Victory !!!
Nice.
Inspirational post. So far I haven't had any overwhelming urges but I o i.e. It may be lurking right around the corner. I will not drink with you today!  
Very proud of you.  That was a tough one but you were so courageous to do that!
Good job! I always play the tape forward. Is it worth a few hours of being drunk to wake up and have the shakes sweat and anxiety from hell. This helps me stay focused on the prize that is waking up clear and ready for the day.
Good for you friend!  Those white knuckle days are tough  but you handled it like a champ...respect.
Brilliant! I've been having to use the same tried and true methods as you these last few days. Congrats on 75.
Great post. Love your honesty and strength 
Great post. Love your honesty and strength 
