-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yd7a8/108_days_without_drinking_but_im_having_doubts/

I've been reading the Big Book and the 12 Steps book accompanying it while going to meetings a few times a week for the last 4 months. The whole 'point' of the program in 6 concepts is: Surrender Inventory Confession Amends Routine Service. The sum of these concepts leads to a new way of life that is free from the wreckage of the past and the patterns of behavior that kept adding to the pile. I'm okay with all of that. In fact it's not exclusive to AA but the core tenets of Buddhism/Hinduism and I'm along with many other paths that I haven't fully explored yet...Where I am struggling with AA is how people come to meetings for the social club (dating/creeping) and don't actually work the program. I quit smoking weed and cigarettes and I find out some people smoke weed in AA and many have said 'don't quit ciggs in your first year.' I tell them this is part of my amends to myself and it's important for me to let go of all crutches. I quit eating meat to make amends to the Earth and to animals people say to me 'that's just dumb. come on now.' I came in from rock bottom after being homeless a few days and having suicidal thoughts ready to surrender and start an inventory...people say "you're working the steps too fast. you're full of shit. the 4th step is supposed to take a long long time.". to which I reply "The Book doesn't give a time table. it says 'sometimes quickly sometimes slowly.' I've always been psychoanalyzing myself for years so listing my resentments and fears was like second nature." ..I started to make amends for past wrongs and [my sponsor advised me to confess to a felony theft](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6y4jg9/utah_usa_georgia_usa_my_aasponsor_wants_me_to/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit). I've gotten to the end of my list and all I wanna do is repay my karmic debt in daily installments now with a new way of life...Routine Service...I guess im rambling and venting at this point but I'm really confused. I've 'done the deal' very earnestly dodged a relapse at a moment of weakness and seen my life improve a lot...yet I feel disconnected at meetings because people are not open to anything outside of the Judeo-Christain concept of 'God' many don't even take the meditation suggestion seriously. I've met some friends in the program who are open to go to a Buddhist monastery with me next week and also camping in the mountains in the fall. 
----------immediate responses--------

No profound wisdom here but.. what you're doing right now is clearly working for you so keep it up.  Do your best to ignore the folks who want to move you from your current path. ..I've found AA is personally a nice source of fellowship but I have no interest in living a 12 step lifestyle.  As they say keep what works and toss the rest!
I was told that there are no rules in AA just suggestions. Realizing that we are all just sick and trying to get better helped me greatly when I found myself discouraged or disappointed by people that I looked up to and almost put on a pedestal. The single most helpful thing I learned that really really makes sense to me was "if you want what we have do what we do." I met some wonderful people that had something in them that I truly want for myself. A daily life without getting drunk a welcoming hand held out with no bias and gratitude. I live in NYC and am so fortunate to have all kinds of meetings at almost any hour of the day. I've found the ones I felt at home in and many many more I would probably never go back to. AA is not for everyone and it certainly isn't the only way to get sober. I hope you can find the people out there who have what you want! 
Basically what you are doing is winning back your self-respect.  I am not sure if your sponsor wants you to confess to another person about your felony (a good move if you feel comfortable) or confess to the authorities.  (Talk to a lawyer before you do that of course.)  You can work the steps in any way you feel comfortable.  The good thing about the steps is that you do them over again so if you did not put everything in you can do it next time.  Also it sounds like you are with a group that follows a traditional Judeo- Christian God idea in this case you might want to change groups or go to Refuge Recovery.  
[removed]
Way to go on about 4 months sober.  Sounds like you are exactly where you are supposed to be on the path.  My band of brothers evolved over the course of my journey.  I was able to find what I needed within AA.  It is a large and diverse group with many special interests.  My disease would like my brain to create some excuse to cut me away from the pack where isolation can get the best of me.  Stay connected.
I think your story of AA is pretty common. I knew early on it wasn't for me in part for similar reasons. But given its huge imprint on way that the entire culture understands addiction and substance abuse I grew more and more resentful that given my own personality in part I had to sort of speak back to *why* I didnt want to do it. As if it had the prominence it did because the medical establishment unanimously supported it and my distaste for it was almost equivalent to being anti-vaxx or something. ..Then I stopped caring. And I just let it go. AA is not my thing and it's just kind of irrelevant. In addition to the great Refuge Recovery there is also SMART too. ..One other thing - I read your (scary) story about the sponsor's advice; this is my biggest concern about the potential negative outcomes of AA - that sponsors are not accredited monitored etc but are allowed to take on a kind of power/wisdom in the lives of vulnerable people despite having few to no credentials. Most people mean well but sometimes they simply don't know what they are talking about. So I was glad to see you chose to reject that advice which might've really negatively affected you. 
You spoke the fear I have in going to these meetings... 
I think AA resembles a cult too. It works for some people clearly but I think for certain personality types it's just going to frustrate things. The same thing for losing weight; the gentle blameless approach of weightwatchers works for some people whereas other thrive much better being told to get on their bike/go for a run and fix their shit themselves...You probably would enjoy Allen Carr's book; Easy Way to Control Alcohol.
Blaze your own trail. AA is not for everyone it sure wasn't for me. There are many ways to stay sober - people do it all of the time..Do not allow your thoughts and feelings to be dismissed. They are yours and they have merit and meaning. Listen to your heart - not to the faith healing misguided. I wish you all the best - stay strong and true to your heart. 
&gt; I'm okay with all of that. In fact it's not exclusive to AA but the core tenets of Buddhism/Hinduism and I'm along with many other paths that I haven't fully explored yet...Has anyone ever recommended the book *One Step At A Time* by Michael Griffith?   He does a wonderful job of relating the 12 steps to the Buddhist 8-fold path and mindfulness meditation.   Online excerpt [here](http://www.kevingriffin.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Excerpt2.pdf)..After I read that book I saw a lot more insight in the 12 steps.   But like you I found some people at some AA meetings to be off-putting.    Part of this was legitimately for the reasons you describe.   Part of it which I personally own was me holding onto my own ego thinking I know better than this poor slob who was court-ordered to come here or this other person too basic to believe in anything besides the God they were raised with.   I took these insights as a hint on what to work on within myself.   ..Regarding the rest - creepers and performers... I agree that's a legit concern to be vigilant about.   My only insight there is that we do have to take care who we let into our lives.
[removed]
I went through stages at meetings in the early days.  At about 3 months I was really "noticing" the things that "needed to be improved" at the meetings.  ..Update the text more dialogue Q&amp;A etc. etc. etc...Then I remembered to breathe.  I noticed I was "wanting it to be different".  It "should" be thus or that...That was one more symptom of "me-ness".  When I first came in I was focused on "well I'm different I'm not like that person or that person"...When I focus on the differences I exclude the sameness.....the things in common.  I distance myself from others.  ..When I go into any meeting anywhere in the world I immediately see what I and we have in common:  every body wants to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from their lives...That's what I focus on.  I have that in common with atheists agnostics pantheists Buddhists Christians Jews sikhs Muslim wuccans and druids.  Conservatives liberals gendered unknowns...Then I get a lot out of the program.  ..I save my semantic religious-philosophical thoughts for other venues...Campaign and the retreat sound great!!  Congratulations!
AA worked for me - eventually after I stopped focusing on the other people and started relating it to myself.  When I stopped having all the answers and learned to listen...AA is full of imperfect people myself included - and if I were to focus on the flaws I could probably write your post.  ..But if I focus on the change when I look around the room at the people who have all to one degree or another transformed themselves - from a pretty sorry state - to something better - sometimes a lot better I see hope I see joy I see light and I hear laughter...
Just wanted to let you know you're not alone. I go to meetings am working the steps am seeing and using some stuff that works and am leaving the rest. ..For a while it troubled me but I've found a bit more at peace with some of the BS--leaving my first sponsor helped so did finding the right AA meeting and checking out other recovery groups (CODA for me has been an eye opener). ..Wishing you peace as well as you continue your path.
[SMART Recovery](http://www.smartrecovery.org/) is a science-based secular support group. The Buddhist-based [Refuge Recovery](http://www.refugerecovery.org/about/) has already come up. [Lifering](http://lifering.org/) is another secular recovery group. [Celebrate Recovery](https://www.celebraterecovery.com/index.php/about-us) is a "Christ-centered" recovery program. Not your cup of tea but the point is that there may be programs that offer a better fit. AA is huge and everywhere but doesn't work for everyone all the time.
AA is full of sick people. I was advised to stick with the winners. I was told If all you are meeting is whingers and not winners in the current batch of meetings you go to try a little further afield.   Where I live we have step 11 meetings for people who want to grow past making amends. Also I got involved in service and sponsorship to flex my step 12 muscles. The AA program doesn't end when you've gotton to the end of your step 8 list. Steps 10 11 and 12 is where I grow in recovery. Sadly it is my experience that 90% of the people I have tried to help in AA never even make it to step 5 let alone step 9. Look for the winners and when you find them stick with them :-)
Only you know what steps you're ready for each time. No one can make a timetable for you. It's like any other personal process. I'll use the process of working through grief for an example. The steps of grief are easily laid out there's what..seven things you work out while going through it. I learned that it is untidy. Some will happen out of order some will be worse or stronger or easier than for others. A lot also depends on how willing or not as willing a person is to go the route. Anyway.. good for you for still finding your own path and finding the value you need in an imperfect system. 
Here is my take on AA and it might be a skeevey one....I kinda slip in and slip out without engaging. I'm not completely on board with all of it. I don't take the steps...A disclaimer: I'm in a situation where drinking could land me in jail. So I don't need as much help with the willpower as somone who is doing it solely of their own volition...I like AA because my friends don't understand the demonic possessive affect alcohol has on me. They don't understand the way I crave it or the way I lose all control over my consumption after the first few sips. It's frustrating to hear people who don't struggle to moderate their drinking tell me "it's all about moderation." Fuck you! You don't think I know that at 31? ..So anyway maybe I'm a creep....  But just listening to people talk and knowing I'm not alone... Knowing others have struggled and succeeded... Knowing people have come back from a much rockier bottom than I've known and found a way yo rebuild their life; that's what it's about for me. I go to a bunch of different locations and avoid conversation and it makes it much less cult-like and intrusive.
