-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ygu0e/feeling_like_i_look_worse_since_i_stopped_drinking/

Struggling because today I feel like I look worse than when I was drinking. I'm less bloated and more toned but I'm also *so* pale and worn out looking. My skin's broken out in some places and flaking in others when it has been clear for years when I was drinking. I used to pick my skin and gave it up then relapsed today because of anxiety and not liking how it looked.  I didn't sleep at *all* last night after thinking I was getting back to sleeping a bit better over the past few days so that's surely part of it. I just put on blush for the first time in years and years ha ha ha.  Also moisturizer and eye cream. When I look at myself in the mirror I just feel like I see all this sadness in my eyes at realizing how much has been chaotic and uncertain in the past four years or so of my life. I feel like drinking was keeping the full realization of that somewhat at bay and now I'm just... Anyway headed to pick up a pizza in a half hour at a little place that I also often used to grab a bottle of wine at but I won't be getting that today. Hoping it gets easier. 
----------immediate responses--------

Right after I quit I had some skin issues as well. I think it is part of the territory of your body rebalancing. But subsequent pampering and continued sobriety have helped and it is back to normal (and looking better!). Two weeks is huge but your body is still bouncing back. Be kind to yourself and hang in there! Healing ain't always pretty right away but it does get better. 
Weekend drinking kept my skin looking good 3 to 4 days a week. I realized it's because my weekday withdrawls were causing me to sweat off and on ALL day so it was basically moisturizing my skin especially from night sweats. It is a cruel irony that my skin is sometimes red and flakey when I'm sober; always has been most my life. You should check out rosehip oil and Mizon snail recovery cream. Both are on Amazon for like 10 bucks and they last me half a year. They've completely changed my skin along with a weekly oatmeal+ milk + honey mask. I rarely get flaky red iritated skin now...Also I'd  be happy to look pale all the time! It beats the typical pink of most alcoholics. But as mentioned your skin gets worse before it gets better. 
Also as someone who's recovered from an eating disorder I can honestly say that how you perceive your appearance could be affected by how you feel about other things going on in your life. Even to this day when I'm feeling accomplished at my job or I just lent a hand to someone in need or I did something special for my boyfriend I also have more confidence in how I look. But when I'm anxious or low on money or having FOMO because I wasn't invited somewhere I feel like I'm having a 'fat day'. ..So yes I'm sure some of what you're seeing in the mirror had to do with your body rebalancing after stopping drinking but other life factors may also affect how you perceive yourself. It's helped me to be mindful of that option. Like if I've been eating and working out normally but 'feel fat'...is it because there's something else going on and I'm projecting that onto my appearance? Usually I can identify something else that's causing the negativity. ..Sorry this response isn't directly related to drinking but it might help bring some positivity so I thought I'd share. I will not drink with you today! 
&gt; I feel like drinking was keeping the full realization of that somewhat at bay and now I'm just.....That sounds most likely to me. My skin's a mess too right now. Stupid toxins all taking their sweet time to leave my system what the hell. :( It does remind me that the last thing I want to do is start putting the poison back now though.
