-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yh8k8/3_years_and_struggling/

Today is my 3 year mark and I feel on the edge of giving up and just having a beer. My husband basically told me he doesn't love me anymore. We're probably going to split up and the sudden shock of losing the marriage is really getting to me. ..I know it's probably not worth destroying my progress and throwing it all away with a few drinks but I'm in a great deal of emotional pain. How does everyone else cope with horrible sadness and loss without being pushed to drink? 
----------immediate responses--------

One has to know that booze would not help any negative for longer than an hour or so-then it's right back here to today and reality. So might as well stay here and deal. Good wishes.
I can't say what can help or what won't but I want you know you've been heard. All I can say is I'm sorry you're having a shit time. Try to be proud of all you've done for yourself. A drink in all likelihood will not help. Neither tonight nor tomorrow. Stay strong talk to us on here. I will not drink with you today. 
You can't fix the sadness you feel. It will take time to get over it. These are the real tests for our sobriety. A drink will only delay the inevitable pain and most likely add a stack of bricks on top of it. Try to get through today. Perhaps you'll feel differently about it tomorrow. 3 years is quite the accomplishment! 
Three years is something to be proud of. I'm sorry you're going through this trauma but you likely know that drinking will only add to the pain. I try to stay in the moment stay in close contact with friends/family who are supportive and reach out to fellow sobernauts...like you're doing here. I also go to meetings because I need face-to-face contact. Hang in there!
Congratulations on 3 years!  What worked for me in the tough spots during my first few years was to always remember: it's one day at a time.  It's totally amazing in retrospect how many catastrophes I managed to survive even personally thrive in consequence.  It's also much more remarkable how frequently I perceived an imminent catastrophe especially in my relationship with my spouse--that then did not occur.   I'm sorry for your sadness today.  When I feel bad a recovery meeting is a place I can go on any given day and get sympathy support and encouragement to hang in there.
WOW - 3 years - that's amazing. I hope you don't throw it away for something that may be temporary. I am so sorry you are hurting right now but what I've learned in my brief time sober is that I have to feel the feelings to get through them - and I do get through them. Wishing you peace and strength on your journey. I will not drink with you today. Keep coming back and let us know how you're doing. We are all here cheering for you!!!
Sorry about your marriage but I would think about what having a beer would do to make anything better in my life and I can honestly answer that there is not one thing a beer would improve.  
Thank you all. You're absolutely right and I appreciate the solidarity. I'll definitely try to reach out more and engage with this group. I will not drink with you guys today.
Will getting drunk make any of it go away?  For me even though it hurt like hell staying sober through the loss of my marriage got me facing the facts feeling everything but moving through it much quicker than had I tried to escape with alcohol.  And I was able to act with integrity instead of drama or vindictiveness.  The choice is up to you.  Who do you want to be?  Sending you a ton of strength and well wishes.  You can do this sober!
