-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ymbob/exercise/

I had cravings earlier but I decided to go out for a cycle to a nature reserve near me. Now the cravings are gone and I think it's because of the exercise. I also feel satisfied. To anyone struggling I cannot recommend exercise enough. I go for a cycle every morning now and it's helps enormously. So go to the gym go out on your bicycle do something. It will help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I completely agree.  Exercise pulls me through every time.  I won't be drinking today but will be going to the gym!
I couldn't agree more.
Cravings manifest in my head.  Thinking leads to drinking...Actions occur in my body.  Behaving leads to abstaining!..
Another thing I've noticed in myself and in others is that exercise can be a direct 'cure' to some of the symptoms for the recently sober...For example a lot of us have trouble sleeping in the first few days but I have found that when you are busy and active all day for me at least I sleep like a baby just because of how tired I get.
Cycling is an important part of my sobriety plan and helps me feel better as well as keeping me fit. I am addicted to it now after taking twenty five years off of pedalling to stay drunk...Ride on fellow sober cyclist!
Exercise helps a lot. Gets out frustration takes your mind off cravings makes you feel good about yourself...I really think everyone on this journey should try to find a form of exercise they enjoy!
yes!.
Come see is at/r/stopdrinkingfitness 
Agreed. You need to find something else that makes you feel good better even. Alcohol loses it's appeal when you give your body something else to enjoy. ..I ride a bike most days to work. When I get home I feel kind of exhausted kind of exhilarated--mostly just really nice and there's no need to have a drink to decompress. 
Yes to this for so many reasons!!! Great job and kudos to you. Exercise and tiring myself out totally clears my mind and only allows me to focus on the task at hand: breathing and completing the motions. It feels so good and has kept my anxiety and depression almost entirely in check. Such an amazing tool. And free!
Thanks for this. I need to hang my hat on something to curb my cravings and I know I need to exercise. 
love the gym 
Love this post. This is the truth. I was almost going to make this exact post today. ..The only way I've truly been able to calm my brain and stay sober has been to (well in my case) swim - ALOT - every day. I tried running weights rowing machine stair master yoga all kinds of stuff. For me swimming is it. ..There is some good exercise out there for everyone. ..Go out there and just do it until your body is sore and your brain isn't. ..For many of us drinking was self medicating. For me exercise seems to be be the best way to give my brain a chance to make and keep its own serotonin dopamine and all the other feel good stuff we all need to feel at least ok. ..
Exercise actually gives me what drinking only promises--relaxation deep sleep a sense of well being. 
