-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ynvhv/question_for_christians_in_aa/

Hey I've been going to AA. It's... okay I guess. The people have been nice and a lot of the things I've read and heard have really resonated and been helpful but I've been really uncomfortable with it in a sense as a Christian...I feel like in a lot of ways it just sort of mimics church. You have a big book you read out of you share a fellowship etc... And I guess I feel a bit like I should just be getting all of this out of my church and AA is sort of replacing that...Has anyone else struggled with this?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm an atheist. AA helped me a great deal. The fellowship sponsor and working the steps saved my life. If you knew the history of AA it would be understandable that it is the way it is. I let the god-stuff slide off. If you going to church helps you stay sober go for it!
I've been a pastor for 15 years (and an alcoholic in recovery for 23 months)...Before I needed AA I didn't know that God (*as I understand God*) hung out in AA rooms...After I started going to AA I came to understand and embrace that "God of my understanding."..For One I have no problem with people who say "gee-oh-dee... god of my understanding is Group Of Drunks... this group of drunks has greater power than I do this group of drunks can help me achieve and maintain sobriety and wellness."..And two I have come to understand that there's this cultural notion of God (the JudeoChristian concept) as white-haired-bearded-skymaster who is easily offended and who is quick and mighty in punishment and that is entirely ***not*** my understanding of God and that is an understanding that I find harmful and that I think needs to be eradicated...I think the church should be like much of what I see in AA. People in AA (for the most part at least as I've seen) are radically honest. You don't have to hide behind a mask. Vulnerability is allowed encouraged necessary and possible. Support is genuine when struggles or setbacks are mentioned. So much of this is what the church should be but usually is exactly not...But I think I've gone to babbling now so I'll stop. "AMA"
AA is not a religion though lots of people who get sober feel such an alteration in their personalities that in my experience they equate the feeling with a religious experience.  This was true of the early AA pioneers who in some important instances were intervened by members of the Oxford Group religious cult.  As AA matured as a movement it recognized that it may have gone overboard in terms of the God-language and emphasis on what sounds like: white-light spirituality.  Hence [Appendix II was included in a new edition](https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_appendiceii.pdf) and multiple passages of the "Big Book" were asterisked to refer back to the Appendix.  Let me point out two salient passages which animates my embrace of AA:..&gt; HE terms "spiritual experience" and "spiritual awakening" are used many times in this book which upon careful reading shows that *the personality change sufficient to bring about recovery from alcoholism* has manifested itself among us in many different forms...and..&gt; With few exceptions our members find [in recovery] that they have* tapped an unsuspected inner resource which they presently identify with their own conception of a Power greater than themselves.*..In sum many of us who stop drinking and get sober feel a little (or a lot) like we have been "born again."  Some times there tends to be a little bit of distortion in AA meetings which when I hear friends in the fellowship go over board I repeat what I just said in this comment.  AA is not a religion.  No one need believe in God or pray in order to get sober and stay sober.  
If you would be more comfortable in a Christian Church environment there is a program called Celebrate Recovery that is bibically based and loosely based on the same principals of AA. They are usually run out of churches. I tried it for a bit but wasn't my thing. 
the only place where grace is really practiced in many evangelical churches is in the basement where AA often meets. ..
[removed]
