-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yo4bh/lifetime_bartender_attempting_3rd_day_without/

Last week after my bartending shift had ended I was finishing my evening by sitting at the bar with my manager while having cocktails. We do this every night after closing. We were both talking about how we couldn't remember the last day without a drink. Neither of us could honestly say if it had happened in the last 1 2 or 3 years. We decided that on Tuesday we would not drink with each other. We made it but both of us had the day off which may have made it easier away from a fully stocked bar with free booze. While I wanted to continue-hopefully for a week my manager poured himself a cocktail as our shift ended. I was struggling but held out and left home for bed. My occupation makes it tough enough but having 4 taps of homebrew in the basement refrigerator compounds it furthur. I need to get under control before I lose my job and my hobby. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your effort to stop drinking.  I know many people in the service industry including a very successful bartender and separately a guy I met on SD who is a brew-master who stopped drinking and stayed stopped while continuing to work their jobs.  Personally I stopped drinking by following the suggested actions I describe at the [Baby Steps post at this link.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/)
Congrats to you for making the choice. For me it helped to define what not drinking would allow me to do (hobbies like cooking and photography) rather than just what it would allow me to keep or not do (not lose a job not lose a relationship). You got this!
I have worked in the bar industry many years and still currently do at 8 months sober. I'm going back to school so I've just currently gone down to very part time. It's a great way to make good money while in school but I don't think I could bartend long term while staying sober. Half the job is trying new beers and cocktails or drinking with staff and regulars I don't believe it's a good long term work plan...I'm an alcoholic and a drug addict I love the party scene but it was ruining my life and it needed to stop. I knew I was done when I hit my bottom with my addiction. I went to treatment for 12 weeks then started at a new bar and told everyone I'm 'on medication'. I knew it wasn't forever as I was going back to school so whatever excuse worked for the short term financial benefits of bartending...I have been very successful in my sobriety by starting fresh at a new bar and with a new mindset. I drive staff/regulars home when they're too drunk and actually keep all of the great money I make opposed to drinking and snorting half of it away after shift...That's my somewhat relevant story. (That I just felt like telling to someone I think). But if you think you're an alcoholic and if you're serious about your sobriety maybe a career change would help. 
I also work as a bartender/waitress at two busy spots in town. Having access to liquor makes it so difficult. I often drink a glass of wine during my close after the customers are mostly gone. Then when they are gone I will have a few more and then I'll go home and maybe have a few more. Many people on a Facebook group I am part of (about a hundred responses) said that I should leave my job if I want any chance at sobriety. I absolutely love what I do though.. very tough choice. Right now I want to stop drinking entirely but I cannot imagine my life without alcohol. I am 2 days sober right now. 
I had a kick-ass home brewery set up in my basement.  Dedicated space treated water built-in grain mill temperature-controlled stainless fermenter glycol system to my barroom taps the works.  I had 100+ lbs of grain and pounds of hops always on hand could whip up a killer IPA or SMASH pilsner at a moment's notice. Giving up the homebrewing for me was as hard (harder maybe) than giving up the drinking...It was WORTH IT.  It seemed *impossible* at first.  But its not my friend.  And I will always look back and be proud of what I was able to brew but it was killing me literally...Best wishes and I will not drink with you today.
I own a business that sells beer and wine. Many (most?) people will recommend  Dry people dry places  but in my case that's clearly not an option. So if switching gigs isn't in the cards for you then you're not alone in the support you'll have here on this sub from others in the . .I had at least two days off from my venue before I went in for my first shift. I had gotten into the habit of making myself a drink the moment I got there (sometimes pretty early in the morning! Ugh!). Having those two days off was the key for me to change that habit as well as *always* having something else to drink and a lot of hard candies never getting hungry or thirsty. I did have booze at home too for a long time thinking "Well I'm surrounded by it all day and night anyway so what's it matter that it's at home too?" Eventually I did clear it out of my house and gave away my beer mugs wine and champagne glasses too. ..Good luck to you! 
Hey there bartender of about 8 years here craft beer background currently working seasonally in a remote resort with a massive drinking culture. I quit drinking this previous April and man it only gets better. All I've heard this summer is how good I look fresh healthy. I'm feeling great and am more even tempered than I've been in years. If I can do it you can too! Just remember that a mistake won't make or break your overall success. Cheers I won't be having a post service drink with you tonight. 
It always seems god damn hard at first it will get easier. May be soon it may be later. But you got this shit.
Ex-Bartender here too. Believe it or not after a while I really NEEDED and WANTED to get out of the industry. The money is awesome but I will say it did wear on me. I made it 3 months sober while bartending and I had it after that. You start to really see your customers your co-workers and yourself differently. I've heard of some people doing it and I'm also not a career bartender. I went back to working full time so that helped. Everyone takes it differently. I just feel like it's a lot of pressure for someone just starting their journey. I got through it but perhaps looking elsewhere or having a plan for if you really need to get the hell out of their wouldn't be a bad idea. Remember the most important thing right now is your sobriety if you're really trying to have a better life. Money will come and go. I thought I needed the bartending cash but in reality I was just spending it on booze. I have more money now that I'm sober than I did when I drank and worked at a bar. 
I am a division manager for two large alcohol distributors.  I am alone with my thoughts and a truck full of cold beer wine and spirits day in and day out.  I was honest with my most frequented customers telling them bluntly that I was drinking too much and I was going dry for the foreseeable future.  Asked them to carry one of the NA Beers in my portfolio and that's what I'll have when I'm in that account if I feel like taking a break.  Just left a brewery I used to work at had a bottled water and an Arturo Fuente Cigar while enjoying a concert there.  It is different to be sober in this industry but if you really want to be sober it gets easier as you get used to your new habits.  I know quite a few teetotalers in the bar and restaurant industry at first I wondered how they managed now I understand.  I wish you the best I will not drink with you today.
I just quit both my bartending jobs yesterday.  All I know is waitressing and bartending  so it will be interesting looking for a job.  Congrats yo
You got this shit. I'm a week wrung out today many many do-overs and I picked up every closing I could this week just to hold me accountable. The last call crowd really does help cure my cravings. Knuckle heads and fist fights and terrible pair-ups. My regulars know I'm "dry for september" (what I told them so they would stop trying to buy me shots and not ask questions. It'll be old news by then) and are surprisingly supportive. We get two "shifties" and I make a spectacle of "auctioning" them off. They eat it up! I chose to let everyone know I stopped drinking right away because it helps me stay honest. In a crowd and industry riddled with addiction I was surprised to find a whole goddamn cheer squad. Folks really do like to see others do well...Good luck you totes got this shit. My inbox is always open. I ain't gon' be drinkin' with you today fellow bottle slinger!
