-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ypb9c/hey_i_we_did_it_one_year/

I'd rolled over the idea of this post a few times in the last month but I didn't think too hard on it; I'm a big believer in only taking today. I might drink tomorrow so I'm not celebrating the victory 2 days from now in advance. ..I quit because I was pretty miserable. Life sucked. And alcohol wasn't helping even a little bit anymore. (bit of a droll understatement here)..SO something was going to give and I figured alcohol was a good start because I could always start drinking again the liquor store wasn't closing. .And it was a super easy decision to make once. .I started reading This Naked Mind and told myself I'd quit until I finished it at the very least. ..And then pardon the profanity it was super fucking hard. .Oh god. ..No sleep for like three days. Crying jags for no good reason. Sweat. Misery. Feeling like a real piece of dung in all ways. .The first month was really slow and miserable. I wasn't a fun person to be around; angry a lot combined with self righteousness because I'd "quit drinking". Two weeks felt like forever to me but it wasn't. It was two weeks and I had to take a lot longer (STILL DOING IT) rebuilding trust. .I'm still kind of a jerk sometimes. But I'm trying. ..Months passed and it got easier. I still haven't finished This Naked Mind (oops can't drink today ;) ) and it's less often I have to think about sobriety tricks to say no. Most days are just days where I don't think about drinking. ..Others though. . . I come here. I play the tape forward. I think about that first week of not drinking and how awful it was. And I think about how the week prior to that was even fucking worse. ..And right now life's pretty good. I'm struggling with a bunch of stuff internally; what I valued a year ago is pretty different than today and I'm probably still not right :)..I dunno I'm just happy to be here. Thanks for being here too. .Not drinking with you today. (but just today tomorrow's somebody else's problem)
----------immediate responses--------

oh I guess it was today :)
Fantastic work and I love your post...Happy for you that life is good right now and I wish you every happiness for a long time to come. ..Have a great evening you deserve it :)
Amazing! 
Yay! Go you!  
Great job!
Congrats!!!
Congrats! One year is awesome. Keep on going. 
What an awesome accomplishment!!.
Great work. Keep it up! 
Nice!
