-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ysgox/alcohol_and_addiction/

I am so inspired by the support of this community and also the choices and changes we are all trying and managing to make. I am an alcoholic (self admitted not to others) professional female who (again) almost had a week alcohol free. Almost. Back to day 1. Again. Sigh. 2 weeks is my record in approx 5 years but I digress..Has anyone or does anyone replace alcohol with another addiction in an attempt to quit? My battle with the bottle began a few years ago and has led me to make many mistakes. One was trying cocaine. I liked it. It went well with alcohol. This increased over the years. More alcohol. More cocaine. Both more in amounts and frequency. Then I stopped cocaine. Tried to quit. And I started drinking more. Then I stopped drinking. And started using cocaine more. I'm currently getting into debt dealing with my demons. I want to quit both I do. But my brain and body don't. Any insight suggestions or successful stories would be appreciated. Or anyone else who is also struggling similar to me. Please.
----------immediate responses--------

I found that in order to stop taking cocaine I had to stop drinking. I didn't want cocaine unless I was drunk. Because of that I only had to quit alcohol in order to stop both. 
The two are a notorious combo. But yes cocaine is more of the sidekick to the drink. Drinking less tends to help me not really want the other accoutrement. 
Boredom is a problem for me. I've a few traits that have caused me lifelong problems : an achiever who is a people pleaser and a perfectionist. I took too much on and drank. For years. I tried many times to give up and of course failed. I tried to give up the symptom rather than deal with why I drank. ..I hated my life. I was desperately unhappy. My turning point came only when I couldn't carry on and when the pain became unbearable. I spent years whinging and whining about how bad my life was. Firmly rooted in victim mode...I don't know about you personally speaking I want more from my life than just existing and falsehood. I want to really feel. ..If something's not working then a change in approach is needed. I immersed myself in focussing on my own well being not everything outside of this. My health should be my number one priority. I understand this now. Health is critical. ..Finally I'm comfortable in my own skin. Giving up alcohol has vastly improved my confidence and my clarity of thinking. I've a fantastic brain that can do great things if I give it a chance. ..For the first time in my life I'm truly happy. I love this SD and can't believe I'm at 61 days. ..Staying humble. 
[removed]
