-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yvl3s/about_2_weeks_sober_not_sure_how_i_feel/

I have barely posted on here but I want to start doing so more often to hold myself accountable. I really don't have anyone in person that I can be open about my problem with so I am very grateful such a supportive community such as this exists...Anyway about 2 weeks ago I was talking to my mother about life and all and she mentioned to me that she was feeling lonely since she left her now ex boyfriend (due to his drinking problem). I mentioned to her that I too have been feeling very lonely for a while now so I can somewhat relate. Her knowing about my problem with drinking she was giving me advice based on how she deals with loneliness. At one point she practically begged me not to go back to drinking alcohol as a way to numb the pain but rather to find other healthier alternatives. She knows I have problems with OCD and depression and would hate to see me get worse and be miserable. Thing is she doesn't know I had been drinking regularly throughout the whole year. After we had that talk which was around 2 weeks ago I haven't had a drop of alcohol. I have started meditating more regularly taking my work and grad school classes more seriously and just little by little trying to be better all around. My mind feels a lot more clear I am much calmer and my mood has significantly improved. However one thing I can't shake off is the constant 24/7 nagging voice to drink. "Just a couple of drinks no more" it says. And given that today is Friday I'm feeling that urge coming back stronger than the preceeding days. My mind is making up excuses in the background such as "it's been a long week and I deserve some fun" and "my family lives in Florida where Irma is going to hit." Back to the subject of loneliness my roommate hooked up with a tinder date last night while I just stayed up all night thinking. Mainly thinking about how it's been so long since I have had any sort of romantic or sexual encounter and wondering when and if I ever will again. And of course that voice telling me that that's a perfectly reasonable excuse to drink to numb that pain. Although I can't say I'm anywhere a deep depression or feel bad overalll there are points throughout the day where I feel a mixture of emotions. The thought of not being able to drink makes me almost want to cry; like having a good friend for many years suddenly move away. At this stage in sobriety I feel a lot of monotony at times and I just want to escape it. Also being lonely constantly and left to my own devices doesn't help. Like I said I am feeling much better overall but the urge to drink never leaves. I think maybe some emotions I have been supressing with alcohol are starting to come to the surface but they haven't manifestes quite fully yet. I know many people on this sub have problems much much worse than mine and I in no way want to take the spotlight. But I just feel like I am at a crossroads where I could either continue down the right path or relapse. I would also feel really bad drinking after what my mom told me. Just needed to vent thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

I totally hear you in regards to the voice giving you every excuse and reason why you should drink. I too have that voice and i don't have a physical bodily addiction to alcohol nor have I destroyed my life with it or crumbled relationships etc. It just kept coming up over and over and over as a personal problem and so I quit to avoid getting to the point of total addiction. That said I used Antabuse and it has worked well for me. It's a pill you can take that makes you allergic to alcohol and it takes away the ability to default to excuses in your head because you know you'll get sick if you drink. There's a generic as well.
&gt; I think maybe some emotions I have been supressing with alcohol are starting to come to the surface..You nailed it right there. That's what was so difficult for me in early sobriety... actually having to feel my feelings sucked. And I had a lot of big confusing emotions which is also normal early on. It takes some time but if you keep telling that nagging little voice to "fuck off" eventually it will. ..Loneliness sucks I'm sorry. I felt so alone in early sobriety even though my husband was right beside me. I didn't start to feel heard and understood until I found this sub. My husband tries to help the best he can but he's not an alcoholic... how can he know what I'm going through? Reading and responding here is a daily must for me. It keeps me grounded grateful and inspired. Stick around! ..Reading about [Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-acute-withdrawal_syndrome) helped me a lot. It took me years to get into the mess that I made I realized it's going to take some time to clean all that up. ..Good luck to you. You're doing fantastic! I won't drink with you! 
I have that voice too. It is excellent at reminding me of the good times with alcohol but it has amnesia about all the bad times. That voice never remindes me how terrible I feel the next morning after I was too drunk to talk to the pretty girl who was interested in me. It never reminds me about the times I drove drunk. It never reminds me about the horrible hangovers I had or the time I wasted sleeping "it" off. It only tells me about the good times in the beginning of the warm summer nights...the same nights that I forgot how they ended. Fuck that voice. I will not drink with you today.
I recommend this a lot but it helped me so much - so I suggest reading the book "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace.  It was eye-opening for me - and totally changed the way I looked at Not Drinking.  It might help quiet that voice.  Stay strong!
