-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6yytoj/2nd_day_hangover/

2 days without drinking because im still hungover.  I'm getting so sick each time I drink can't go to work can't do any chores basically I'm a piece of shit.  So with saying that I really feel like having a drink.  I feel like I'm crazy why do I have such a thirst for something that is destroying my life?  I blackout every time I party now.  I'm so sick of feeling so embarrassed when people tell me the things I do and say when I'm drinking.  The guilt is setting in pretty hard right now.  I have been checking out this site for a while but I always decide that I'm cool and I deserve to have one drink here and there that cant hurt.  Well maybe that's true for some but my one drink turns into 10 every time.  I have a hard time talking about my struggles with my family so I'm trying the internet with strangers.  I feel like I need to try something because what I'm doing to myself is not working.  .Thank you for listening 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there. Sometimes it feels like the only thing that will make you feel better is a drink. It might in the short run but you'll just continue the cycle and have many many more days of feeling like absolute crap. Keep pushing through. These next few days will be hard but it is so so worth it! 
I feel it helps to think " I only have to be sober today" when I feel uselsss. ..I give myself one job the most important. Everything else I happen to do that day just becomes a bonus.
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Thank you for sharing! It sounds like you know what to do. We're all here for you.
Asher you are an alcoholic and there is no explaining why we insanely think that the drinking will make us feel better. You have come to the realization that you have a problem. Now do EVERYTHING you can to not drink. Your life truly depends on it. .I stopped drinking by starting AA and talking to other alcoholics. It is now my purpose to help other alcoholics in order for me to stay sober. Don't take advise from other friends or family that don t have the same issue as yourself. It will only cause more harm to them or hurt you emotionally. Find another alcoholic right away. PM me if you wanted to ask me anything. Here to help.
That's how I felt when I decided to stop drinking. People who don't have this problem can't understand. We're here for you. ..Don't beat yourself up give yourself the goal of not drinking today and then praise yourself when you wake up hangover free tomorrow. Do this everyday and it'll become second nature. Your sobriety can become a foundation for greatness as everything else that is "hard" in life is easy in comparison...
I have been there.  It's something I'll never understand.  Even with all the problems I'm going through bc of alcohol I wanted a drink all day.  Make it through today.
Guilt use that to keep yourself from drinking. Do you have a hard time looking people in the eyes when you drink? I did and I got tired of that. Day 5 here and the shame and guilt are SLOWLY going away but I am going to keep running with it. You WILL get through these initial terrible days if you do everything you can!
This sounds like like something I wrote. It may be a challenge and there may be some obstacles along the way but you CAN do this. Keep your head up and give 'em hell. 
