-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6z4q6o/635_days_and_some_memories_are_acctually_hard_to/

I remember being drunk and high on sleeping pills. I dont know how I remember cause clearly that is a combination made to make you forget. Cause that's what I wanted to do forget and hide. ..I remember taking a t-shirt. It was a nice t-shirt one that I would rather have kept but I didn't care since I was drunk.. ..I tied it in a knot and tied against against a radiator in my kitchen and then put my head and neck inside of it and tightened it up.. ..I remember thinking.. "This is not a suicide attempt I will just try and see what it feels like.. and if I fall asleep and never wake up again it doesnt really matter".. ..I don't remember much more but I woke up in my bed with a red mark around my neck and a sore throat.. The t-shirt was torn to pieces and in the trash bin. I went to work as if nothing had happened except I had a t-shirt with a collar so noone could see the marks on my neck. ..That was more than 635 days ago but to believe that was something 'normal' and something I could chuck off so easily is so scary to think of..I could have died my parents could have found out that I hung myself from a radiator in my kitchen while being drunk and high and my daughter would never have seen me again.. ..My struggles with depression isn't over but without alcohol I can make at least somewhat reasonable decisions even when I'm very low. ..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing that. That took courage I think; both to share and to face it yourself.
I'm glad you're still here. I won't drink with you today. 
I've been there. Tied a bag with around my neck with a belt just to see how long I could take it....then started thinking about how much the body fights so maybe I should do it and put handcuffs on but leave the key nearby....thoughts of nightmares...
Sleeping pills too? Yikes
Wow.  So glad you're here to share your story.
I've done the same. Still wasn't a wake up call for me and continued on as if nothing happened and never told anyone. Glad you are still here.
Good for you for turning things around. You're doing great.
I'm glad you made it and that you find yourself far enough away from that headspace today to have trouble comprehending it. Thank you for sharing; we're glad to have you IWNDWYT.
Glad you are alive glad you are here and glad you are making a new life.
635 days is truly an example of turning a terrifying time into a positive journey. I wish you the best in what is yet to come for you. Keep going. 
Yeah it's insane the corners of your mind you live in when you're in that state. About 5 years ago when I was drinking on my own I was in a rough place. My only contact was my ex girlfriend who had a new life and boyfriend. One evening I was absolutely shit faced as usual and just remember thinking "How is this fair? What have I done wrong to be so alone so unhappy." I just imagined my ex surrounded by friends warmth comfort and couldn't work out why she was in that situation and I wasn't. It wasn't *fair*. So I tied a cable around a light fitting chose a last song (something by The Cure) and tried to hang myself. When the first cable broke I tried with another cable which didn't break but fortunately pulled the whole light fitting and half the ceiling down with it. Passed out after that. My ex is the only person til now who knew about that. I like you just considered it another day. .A drunk truly goes to the darker places in his or her mind. I think non alcoholics imagine drinkers as just getting drunk and having a hangover all the time. But it takes over your life and your mind completely. Poisoning yourself every day getting shit sleep not eating right and solitude have profound detrimental effects on your mind.   .Happy you're sober bud! 
