-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6z7mv2/my_daily_gratitude_sunday_10th_september/

Hi SD'ers wishing a great day for those who are waking up &amp; hoping you had a great day for those of us winding down :) I have had an enjoyable lazy day! I had nothing specific to do nowhere I had to be or errands to run - so I stayed in my Pj's &amp; had a lovely gentle fulfilling day :) I have 2 images today from my trip to the beach last week hope you enjoy [Golden Wattle](https://i.imgur.com/KCMUEMm.jpg) &amp; [A View Askew](https://i.imgur.com/qH7XxnG.jpg)..Today I am grateful for free printable stuff on the internet - I printed out some beautiful colouring pages &amp; a booklet on crotchet stitches..Today I am grateful that yesterday I spent time gardening while the sun was shinning brightly &amp; I am making wonderful progress in re-creating my outdoor space..Today I am grateful that each day my physical health is improving - slowly but surely my body is mending inside &amp; out..Posting my gratitude is an integral part of my wellbeing in living well &amp; emotionally healthy without alcohol. I am reminded of all that I do have in my life to appreciate now &amp; things to strive for in my future. I look forward to reading your gratitude's too as they help all of us with new ideas &amp; encouragement in feeling grateful especially if we are struggling &amp; finding it hard to feel good in ourselves. So please post something you are grateful for whether it is emotional mundane humorous or momentous - Anything at all that helps you remember why You want to live without alcohol &amp;/or what is good about doing so :)..Stay strong stay brave &amp; be gentle with yourself - Gratefully I will not be drinking with you xx.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey quirkyhatgirl I am grateful for your kind words to me yesterday along with the other kind comments I received. This really is the most supportive space I've found online. ..I will not drink with you today :) 
I managed to get through the BBQ without any alcohol at all which really pleased me. I'm going to go for a long walk and then watch some films. I will not drink with you today :)
Just gorgeous quirky girl...I'm grateful for the sight that looks back at me in the mirror for the first time in years. Clear skin brighter eyes and a cheeky new haircut. ..I'm feeling serene and it's a wondrous feeling. Motivated to spend my day doing positive things. Food shopping done evening meal made and simmering on the hob even stopping to admire some arty marks on a brick wall. I looked a bit mad climbing over the barrier plants to take a photo in the supermarket car park. Thinking about the artwork I'll do today and waiting to see what direction it will take. ..Thankful for my husband my golden child son  and yes even my eldest son who has caused me so much pain and heartache. All feeling is good and there's no need to blot any of it out today. Feeling blessed at 8 weeks sober. ..Love to you all this blessed day. 
I'm grateful that once again I woke up and the thought and/or regret of drinking wasn't the first thing I encountered!  I need to quit smoking though...just putting it out there until the intention turns into action...
I have a sore back and just broke up with someone but I'm grateful that I don't have anywhere to be today and can stay horizontal... and that however it ended I met a brilliant human and shared 12 months of love and craziness and laughter with them. And I got to do it all sober... and I feel no desire to drink today. ..No hurricanes. Loving family. Money in the bank. Comedy specials on Netflix. Comfy pyjamas. Peanut butter sandwiches bananas and chocolate chip cookies. The song 'Footloose' by Kenny Loggins. A few of my favourite things... none of them as good as another sober day though. 
Lovely photos - good reminders that there is so much to appreciate and cherish in this world. Thanks for focusing our attention on a few of the beauties. ..Today I am grateful for my husband--it can't be said often enough--he always takes the long view when I want everything to be better NOW NOW NOW. More than two decades of marriage and he still manages to impress me with his kindness and good judgment and support. ..Grateful for my sister who listened to me talk through my challenges and worries on the telephone yesterday. ..Grateful for yoga practice which helps me feel better physically and trains my mind to better stay in the moment. I think I need more ... Hmmm I think I just decided to go to an 8am class. ..Grateful for this community. I've been reading here on-and-off for more than 3 years. Bolsters my faith in humanity. 
Hi Hatgirl!..Love the photos you have a real eye for it... ..What will you be growing in the garden this year? I'm a keen gardener too... I expect the prevailing conditions down there are a bit different to those here in Ireland but we all have to work with what we've got eh.....Someone gave me a box of Australian wood samples years ago (including Black Wattle and various other species I'd never heard of)... totally different to the native European species I'm used to!..All good fun.... I'm glad to hear you sounding so chirpy and at peace long may it continue!..And yeah I need to stop smoking too... eventually... at some point... will be tiptoeing up on that one I think......Coffee-Cheers to another sober and happy week ahead!..Much love ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you. I kept myself busy by helping people get their food and drinks and tidying up. Today I woke up without a hangover which was great!
It's the first time I've woken up without a hangover after a social occasion in about 30 years - I hope it'll be the first of many!
Grateful to be cuddling on the couch with my dog relaxing and enjoying doing very little WITHOUT a hangover. How amazing is it to just do nothing while feeling perfectly wonderful? 
Well done you too for keep trying it's not easy to keep picking yourself up and trying again so I'm extra pleased for you about that. ..It's such an insidious addiction - one minute everything's fine and the next it's not. I've found it very hard to stop yet I want to so badly :(..Thanks for your kind words and I very much hope you're successful this time 
Grateful for your uplifting posts QHG!
I'm grateful for my able body being able to see and hear walk and talk...I'm grateful for my apartment ..I'm grateful for my pet
Hi Quirky! Finally got a moment to catch up on all your daily gratitude posts. Couldn't believe how many I'd missed! Work takes so much of my time :( Anyway I am trying to decide with this beautiful photo of yours is my favourite... However they have all been beautiful in their own way so it is really hard to decide! I am sure they will continue to be beautiful &amp; interesting you really have a talent! ..I will reply to Mondays gratitude now as it is Monday after all!   However wanted to tell you how much I love this picture    xxx
