-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6za8nu/i_made_a_mistake_a_bad_one_all_advice_appreciated/

I fell off the ledge yesterday set all my time on fire ended up in the hospital puking blood my sponsor came over and stopped a 15 hour binge I still have a job a car and a support group but this relapse really hit home. I even posted here and don't remember it being posted or taken down...And  the feeling oh gosh the feeling it's like the Big book says it's an. obsession I am so scared and vulnerable now Why did I do this? ..The blood was from an already known ulcer got now meds for that the liver is very bad " but will be good if you don't drink" says the doctor there is scarring there and I in the first stage of cirrhosis at 37 doc says this changes nothing at the moment and put me on antabuse...But holy carp still in shock so much went so bad fast where do I go from here what do I talk to my sponsor about he wants to talk top and I can't even show my face i am a disgrace and a failure
----------immediate responses--------

Very similar thing happened to me... it happened because I'm an alcoholic...For me it was another lesson in Step One... My sponsor advised me to be grateful for the things that didn't happen. Started working the steps over again. 
What does it mean to you to be a "disgrace" or a "failure?" Shame is very powerful stuff but at core it's usually wrong thinking where we mistake our actions for our self. How would you act right now if you categorically accepted that you did something you regret rather than fell into the trap of believing you yourself are the regret? Would you be able to be kinder to yourself? Would you believe you don't "deserve" to feel guilty or ashamed? That way of thinking has helped me very much when I've been in similar places. Go easy. 
No advice here.  I just see we need each other.   Let's not drink today.
We all did mistakes but we have to move forward. So i will not drink with you today! 
How very scary. I'm glad you saw a doctor and are back here. I have no advice except be kind to yourself and I won't drink with you today. 
That lesson could have gone so much worse! Never again!
You are alive..You have another chance..You didn't fail you've learned something.
You did it because you're an alcoholic. ..What I think is amazing is that you have a new opportunity in front of you. You have a new chance at recovery. This could have been the relapse that you don't come back from - but you're here. ..I won't drink with you today.
That's the story I always here when we drink again it gets so bad so fast..Welcome back :)
Don't feel like a disgrace and a failure it's just a mistake that you can learn from! You should be proud of yourself that you made it a short relapse. If I went out again I don't know if I would come back. You already know how to do this and you didn't cause any serious problems - remember you're not doing this for a high score in consecutive days you're doing this for your whole life and you still have that. 
