-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zbdil/third_time_better_be_the_charm/

Last night I had a couple of shots to take the edge off as I didn't want to get drunk but I felt like absolute garbage. I've been drinking for the past 12 years with varying intensity (a.k.a. "struggling") but the last two years have been particularly special. Twice before I had made a concerted effort to quit: once when my SO threatened to leave and once when she finally did. Both times added up to a few months but less than a year of total sobriety and obviously neither really took. Now I know I have to stop completely and for the rest of my life. I can feel it in my guts and my muscles and my brain. Even though I've been tapering and aiming for a sober date I get dry heaves and gagging coughs and bile and god-awful shits. The backs of my hands and tops of my feet itch. I'm searching for words and names like I've never had to. Typing this is even difficult because my left hand feels weak and wobbly. This is the first time I've been afraid to quit...The County's abuse clinic opens tomorrow at 8am and I'm going in to set up an appointment get diagnosed and begin a treatment plan based on a professional opinion. ..I did it alone last time but I'm not sure that'll work for me this time. I need help and I need advice.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so glad you're going in for some medical help. You can do this! Your body is sending strong signals. My deteriorating health was a major motivating factor. I did it for me...and those who love me. You can too. Keep us posted!
[removed]
Glad to hear you're going in to get medical help sounds like a great plan!..The symptoms you describe are very common after long-term alcohol abuse unfortunately and I had many of them myself... I'm so glad I finally went and saw my doctor after avoiding doctors like the plague for years while drinking heavily.....I wouldn't be at all surprised if you are deficient in various vitamins micronutrients essential fats beneficial gut bacteria etc as many drinkers are - not only due to the alcohol but also because many of us tend to get most of our calories from booze and have a fairly crap diet overall.....My doctor prescribed Librium to make the actual withdrawal period safer and easier and calm the withdrawal symptoms somewhat and I made efforts to improve my diet and take supplements (especially B-Vitamin complex) to correct any deficiencies and generally took much better care of myself than I had been.....I feel so much better now! A lot of the damage from drinking can heal once alcohol is removed from the equation.... it's normal to be scared and uncertain but we're all here to help you through it!..I found it impossible to stop and **stay** stopped *on my own* as most heavy drinkers do... that's why daily connection with other problem drinkers in various stages of recovery via this sub or other channels such as AA is so valuable!..Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you get on?..There are nearly 79000 of us here on this sub who know all too well what this situation feels like - you are not alone!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
