-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zemz4/my_daily_gratitude_monday_11th_september/

Hey SD fam this is something I wrote for myself a few years ago when I kept relapsing &amp; really wanted to stop feeling ashamed &amp; angry with myself - "*Each time I try I get that bit closer* to being the person I want to be and living the life I want to live!"...Today I am grateful that each day I can find new things to feel grateful for.......Today I am grateful for free short on-line courses backed by legit Universities - I enrolled in a course learning about World Music it teaches about the origins of traditional cultural music in Africa India Latin America &amp; Indonesia. I love learning about anything new...Today I am grateful that I am no longer constantly craving Sugar - now I am just enjoying it. Chocolate is Good!..Posting MDG is an integral part of my recovery in living alcohol free so that I can remind myself of how to appreciate the good that I do have in my life Now &amp; to strive for the dreams I have for my future. I look forward to reading your gratitude's as they help all of us with new ideas &amp; encouragement in feeling grateful especially when we are struggling to find reasons to feel good about ourselves. Please add to this post with something You feel grateful for whether it is mundane humorous emotional or momentous. Anything that helps you want to embrace this new sober life xx..Stay strong Stay brave &amp; practise kindness to yourself &amp; others :)..I am grateful Not to be drinking with you!
----------immediate responses--------

That online course sounds cool! Learning is one of the things that makes staying sober feel worth it to me even when it gets tough. Actually enjoying studying again without all the brain fog is great. Happy Monday QHG :D
[removed]
Hey beautiful Girl! On this day Monday September 11th I am grateful that I am alive. While I'd like to forget the amount of alcohol I consumed on the day weeks months and years that came after that fateful day 16 years ago I can now face my feelings with a clear mind during sobriety...I like the sound of your continuing education / learning experiences Girl :). Perhaps you'll share some of your fave international music here?! ;) Love to ya babe xoxo &lt;3.
Hi friend - ..Love online courses and have signed up for several from Coursera and Udemy ... and then always dropped them. Maybe once I'm not checking SD approximately 4378 times per day I can actually complete a course. In the meantime you enjoy! ..While there are plenty of disasters and evil acts in the world today I am grateful that in the past 16 years there hasn't been another terrorist attack in the US as bad as or worse than 9/11/01. I feel sure there are plenty of unsung heroes doing difficult and dangerous work to prevent more death and destruction all over the world. Grateful for them. ..I am grateful for the continued presence in my life of those who could have been in those buildings that day and were not. ..And while I am generally a peaceful and forgiving person I am really grateful that that SHITTY MOTHERFUCKER bin Laden is DEAD.  ..
Hello QHG! I'm glad to hear you're enjoying your online studies. Learning new things  keeps our minds supple. ..As for my gratitude I just found out that the place I work which was flooded by Harvey will be reopening in October after a complete remodeling. They had talked about closing our location but decided the community needed us. I am very grateful for that. ..Have a great Tuesday in Australia as you probably are asleep as I type this this morning. I won't drink with you today!
I'm grateful this morning to have a job with 2 awesome coworkers...they help balance The Atrocious Boss. I was actually glad to come back to work today after a week off. They loved me even when I was drinking heavily and feeling foul most days. ..On this particular date I'm thankful to still find hope healing and positivity in the world. ..I'm glad I saw your thread today! 
Hi again lovely lady! I am loving your gratitude posts at the minute so positive! I'm also sorry I wasn't around to support you on your bad day! However looks like all the other lovely posters here did a great job without me!  ..Today I am grateful for my work colleagues. I work with some really lovely kind respectful people and despite being very busy we withheld our minutes silence out of respect for 9/11. ..I am also grateful that my daughter is increasing in independence. I got stuck after work the bus   broke down and I was in a mad panic as I was running very late to pick her up from school. In the end I frantically had to jump in a taxi and tell the school she could start walking home and I'd meet her on the way. We only live five minutes from the school and she is nearly eleven however she has never done it before so I was all in a tizzy! Luckily she was fine and now wants to walk home all the time!  ..This one is peculiar... however I'm grateful for a good old hot water bottle! We grew up with them and as Autumn   draws in it saves me putting the heating on plus it's comforting and good for my sore back! ..Little things.. ..Love and hugs Quirky so grateful for a day off work tomorrow. ..Everything you are doing to improve yourself sounds wonderful. ..Butterfly      xxx..P.s Before I met my partner I plucked up the encourage to do UK 'meetups' I did a walking one and a bowling one that I remember were fun!  
Hi Hat:)!  On the subject of MOOCs (massive open online courses) Coursera and the like have wonderful offerings to be sure.  However the very best online "course" I've ever taken is "21st Century Sobriety" offered right here on SD free of charge:)!  It's probably more of an ungraded seminar in which the class gets to design the syllabus with an ever-rotating roster of learned and novice instructors.  I'm really grateful to be a participant!  I hope you're doing well and thanks for providing your daily gratitude forum.  Best Mayhem. 
Hugs and positivity back Quirky   ..I am so excited to have the day off today!  .I have a nice walk planned (although the weather is dire!). Then I'm getting my tea cooked for me tonight which is one of the favourite ways to pamper me after years of being a single parent! ..I might also give my counselling guys a ring as I know there is a long wait but it's been months! Just hoping I haven't got lost in the system! ..Hopefully catch up on my journal   too! ..Just got to drop my daughter at school first (a bit grumpy)  ..Hope your day is restful and kind as you are dear friend. ..Butterfly   xxx
P.s Nearly at the big 40!    
Hi lovely Quirky    ..My day off flew! Just finishing work now again. ..I left a message for the counselling service but so far they haven't rung me back yet. ..The time   I know many of us say this seems to just be flying and flying at the minute despite having so much more time now being sober makes me wonder how I got everything done when I was drinking! ..Hope you are having a good day. Nice to hear about Tonka   and crocheting is a skill! I'd love to be able to do it. Although I have kept some of my Nanna's baby blankets she crocheted for me  ..Love and hugs and of course peace ..  xxx
