-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zg05p/im_not_going_to_drink_today/

16 years ago I had a good job that I didn't really like I had savings &amp; a 401k. I had a nice car. I had a new girlfriend I ended up marrying her. ..I had been a daily drinker since college. I enjoyed it. Sometimes I stayed home on Friday nights just so I could drink by myself instead of going out with my friends. ..When the attacks at the WTC happened I started drinking like it was the end of the world. I started day drinking I started missing work. I decided I wasn't happy at my job and life was too short- so I quit and sat at home unemployed and drank. ..The funny thing about drinking like it was the end of the world is that the world didn't end. People just went on with their lives- had families got promoted bought houses. ..I've been running in place since I quit that job. My drinking got worse and worse over these years and I've ended up in court I've been fired from two jobs and I'm unemployed now. I've been through 3 detoxes in 2 years. I've white knuckled my way through many more bad withdrawals when I should have gone to the hospital- I've had the DT's and have hallucinated trying to stop. ..I haven't had a drink in 9 months. It was hard. It took many tries to get that. One month here a couple weeks there- but I always relapsed and it got worse each time. ..Reaching 9 months I will say it got easier after the first month even better after 3. After 6 months it just seemed normal that I didn't drink anymore. ..Today's always hard. It's been a day when I drink alot and think about all that went wrong in my life. ..Not going to do that today. ..I hope you are well out there.  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 9 months.  That's really impressive.  Sorry that today is rough for you.
Congratulations on nine months no small feet. Thanks for your post. I will not drink with you today. 
Good for you reading your post moves me. Well done! I will not drink with you today.
