-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zirtm/new_hererelapse/

I woke up today after a blackout trying to retrace my steps from last night when I told my fianc e I was heading to the nail salon at 8pm. I had 2 days of sobriety under my belt. Well I'm back to 0. My fiance is still angry/hurt/disappointed but agreed to give me one last chance and stay. I have a 5 month old daughter who looks at me everyday like I am a hero. I called my a friend from AA and got to a meeting. I'm going to go to another one this evening. I'm here for support. I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad to see you here. Sometimes people slip all you can do is not drink today. Having some candy near by will help get you past some of the urges so feel free to dig into your go to candy...You will get through this. It will be better. Don't stop fighting for the life you deserve.
Welcome. Coming to this place and reading the stories and posting from time to time is an invaluable resource to my sobriety. I'm glad you decided to go to an AA meeting whether or not it ends up being the thing for you or not its a great start to be in a room with other people who share your predicament. This place is always here and its always in your pocket. You haven't lost anything yet it seems like and I always wish I had started getting my shit together at that point. You can do great things and it can start here if you want it to.
Oh boy I've been there. I've been married 2 years and am surprised he still stays after how many times I've gone to "get my nails done"....had a drink or 2 before the appointment then a few after....
You've got to do the work if you want that relationship to succeed and I know you can. You're already looking for ways to be better. Now dig in and fight to show your love. Also remember to love yourself too. I am forever giving to my family and forget to save some grace for myself. I won't drink with you today.
Regular AA meetings is probably the best way to go. Glad you are here and good luck. I will not drink with you today. 
You can do this. Surround yourself with positive support like this group. IWNDWYT 
You have my support. Keep coming back to SD and going to AA. Not drinking today with you.
