-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zkn2w/memories_keep_me_sober/

I have a bit of time under my belt but I admit temptation still knocks on my door. ..I recently took a new role at work and during an intro meeting with someone I'm managing they asked if I was a beer or wine person. ..I met up with a few close families over Labor Day and my wife wanted to do beer boiled brats which led me to the liquor aisle and cooking with a twelve pack. ..I'm sitting on a flight right now to Vegas (of all places) and was upgraded to first class by luck....the guy next to me is drinking straight whiskey and I smell it..I face constant questions when people find out I'm sober. I'm only 35 but have almost 11 years and people don't understand how I found I had a problem so quickly. Dating was a real struggle in my 20's but my wife is extremely supportive and has never known the drunk me. ..My buddies all bring up the great stories we have while I was drinking the hilarious ones that I miss and bring smiles to my face. These are the hardest times because while my friends know I don't drink they honestly never knew the darkness it led to like my family did. I was never a violent drunk or anything I was the fun one. ..I'm typing now because this is my version of AA. I fully support that program but haven't been to a meeting in probably 6 years. I moved a few times eventually stopped finding new groups but I will say it saved my life. What keeps me sober now is the vivid memories of my rock bottom. The suicide attempt the bottle of rum that saved my life ironically the weeks in the hospital and almost not making it the hallucinations and hearing my mom's cries as she tried to reason with me and calm me down the two rehabs I went through afterwards because I went straight back to the bottle the crippling depression the seizures on Thanksgiving because I went 8 hours without a drink driving drunk and almost running off the road with a friend in the car....and it goes on...and every one of these is vivid in my head. ..I don't have a point to this. For those struggling I can say it does get easier and at this point the desire is almost never there but it never dies out completely. Find something to keep you going and hold onto it. I've bounced back from rock bottom and have a great life two beautiful kids with a supportive wife a family that has completely forgiven me a good job and the ability to handle stress like a responsible person. ..Have a good night all. I won't drink tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your share...Good work working your program and checking in on here. 
Wow. Thank you for sharing! Your story is inspiring and also makes me realize that it's good to stay vigilant. You are only 35 so that means you have so many sober years ahead if you to enjoy. I will hold on to my memories when I need reminders of why I quit.   
Thanks for posting this.  It is pretty bloody impressive how you have turned your life around.
Thanks so much for sharing.  The other night in my 12-step group a young person shared that "memory" is what she goes back to when she has a craving. She said she values her memory (of being miserable) because she always has it with her and it is helpful to keep her going on her program.  It was helpful to me because it seems like the opposite of "Play the tape forward" yet when I thought about it I realized it's all a part of the same thinking process: "I'll use my Total Recall of Misery Brain to predict exactly what will happen if I give in to this craving." So thanks for sharing and congratulations on your long-term sobriety.
