-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zqljk/struggling_with_higher_power_does_science_count/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Yes it does.
I don't have a higher power because I'm an atheist and not in AA. I did do a stint in AA a couple times and my understanding was that the higher power is in control of everything that happens. I don't see how science is in control of everything but scientific laws are. However I don't get the point of praying to scientific laws. That's why I didn't understand how atheists worked the program. Every meeting I went to they referred to their higher power as "God" and I assume they meant the christian God.
I say yes.  Anything that demonstrates an ability to keep me from drinking to oblivion at a "higher" level than myself I would consider my HP.  It could mean that a higher conscience has combined AA science this great sub and a whole host of other things to be my HP.  But don't question MY logic here.  LOL.  I don't know.
Your higher power is YOUR higher power.  It can be whatever you choose it to be...Since you ask my HP is Unearned and Undeserved Love.  ..I  believe  in science and I use it regularly as a clinical scientist.  Science is the creation of man (humankind) in an attempt to explain the environment in which we live and that in which we do not live but speculate.  Logic is also the creation of man and represents the  rules  for reasoning which is an applied use of my cogitation.  The problem with science and logic is that since they are created by man they have the limitations of humans.  If someone wants to  worship  science/logic that by extension is worship of mankind.  My Higher Power is much larger than that...I came to fully recognize that I'm not the center of the universe that there exist infinite forces outside my control that my senses and perceptions are narrow in band width and susceptible to regular distortions.  Finally my cognitive prowess albeit significant is limited biased and often wrong. ..The universe doesn't give a whit about my "thinking"...Thinking that I have all the answers and have it "figured out" is a symptom of my arrogance and narrow mindedness.  ..I have to leave room for that which I don't know and that which I can NEVER know.. 
I've heard of folks who use a chair as their higher power.  :)  It counts.  
