-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ztanx/my_daily_gratitude_wednesday_13th_september/

Hi SD'ers..I am really struggling with some emotional issues today &amp; really just need to lick my wounds in a quiet dark &amp; safe place. I just need some time to mend my heart for a bit so I will leave the gratitude's up to you today - please post anything you are grateful for as tomorrow I would love to read *your own* positive reasons for living with out alcohol!..I did see a beautiful half moon in the sky early this morning...Stay strong stay brave &amp; be gentle with yourself xx..I Am Not Drinking With You Today!!!..Please don't be offended if I don't reply to your messages just can't find many words :(
----------immediate responses--------

I am grateful to feel the Fall grass between my toes when I take my puppy out for a walk in the yard.
I am grateful for the ability to wake up early with my three year old and meet them with love and energy. 
I'm grateful to have found this sub where people can share their stories for their own sake and I can learn from them.  I'm thankful for the support I've received and the support I'm able to give so I can have an impact.  This little corner of the internet has been a gift that hasn't quit giving.  And I'm grateful it lets me cross paths with people like you u/quirkyhatgirl...we are all getting better together :)
Thank you for posting this despite feeling crappy. So sorry to hear you are struggling. Hang in there and let your head hit the pillow and tomorrow is likely to be a better day. ..Just in case it's encouraging I had a total shit day on Monday but yesterday was much better...Please baby yourself and don't even think about replying today ... put yourself first. ..Today I am grateful for analysis resolve and follow-through because after analyzing what choices and behaviors led to a very crappy day for me on Monday (e.g. too much coffee in the morning; no morning exercise) I was able to make different choices Tuesday to have a much better day. And be set up for hopefully a really *good* Wednesday. The choice to not drink is critical but it isn't enough - I also need to put my health and energy needs above all every day. I am grateful that I've learned that not drinking will help me do that much more consistently and make progress. ..Sending love across the globe to you and wishing you a peaceful evening and renewing sleep. .
Thanks for looking after Booze Goblin for me last night I'm very grateful... really did the trick! Was a great night (sore fingers today though!)..Sorry to hear you're feeling a bit blue hope it will soon pass... be gentle with yourself!..Sending e-hugs and much love and positive vibes from this end!..Woody :&gt;)&gt; xx
Nope. Can't have this beautiful Girl! I'm so sorry that you're feeling down anything we can do to help?? Went through my bag o' tricks and thought this would make you smile ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSk6o5x5HlM..Sending you love warm hugs and strength (*tries to reach WA to raise your chin up pat you on the back and give you a high five...and xo for our Tonka and Serephina!*). You're gonna be *just fine* sweetie...hang in there and keep in touch!! xoxo &lt;3.
Perhaps we can do something like this?? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fQESUBMwGg..;) xo
Hay buddy hope the    shine finds you soon and you can  .Grateful for being able to sit down and have dinner with my family can be quite a stressful time but managed to sit down today and I enjoyed there company and had some laughs with my two youngest   and I hope to do the same with my family 2moro  .Grateful for our morning coffees    and the emojis that we share !! .I'll raise my coffee glass to you in the morning        
Hi QHG!  Today among other things I am so grateful for not drinking a very good night's sleep and my discovery the day before yesterday that weighted stretches of my hamstrings really help with my sciatica.  I'm also grateful that you wrote this post despite feeling down today because it is so helpful for me to list at least a few things to be grateful for each day.  I really hope you feel better soon...!
I'm grateful I'm back and starting over.  Hey I hear you about the stress and emotional issues.  I have bookoo balls in the air.  The only good news is I had probably 4-5 months sober recently if I added it up and I still am down 20 lbs with 10 more to go.  That feels good.  All I know is I wish I wouldn't have given it the old fuckit.  Go girl!  We got it.  I'm not drinking today.
Hi quirkyhatgirl. How are you today?  Thursday night here. I'm grateful for my beautiful daughters and the joy they bring me today. Xo
