-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6ztzpy/i_seem_to_fall_at_the_first_hurdle_every_time/

I always tell myself I'll stop drinking today then it becomes tomorrow I tell myself 1 drink then 1 drink becomes 5. I have had enough of living a life that isn't going anywhere. I used alcohol as a crutch for 4 long years no more. This is my life not alcohols. What I will keep telling myself this time is the only person who can make that choice to put that bottle to my lips and drink is me no one else me. ..My body has reacted quite badly the last couple days nothing too major but going to the toilet constantly and spilling my guts out(sorry for tmi) seems to have worn off now thankfully. I know its disgusting and unpleasant but I'm getting through it by telling myself its my body repairing itself and purging the poison from it. I've had enough of alcohol I discovered on my last relapse I genuinely get no enjoyment from it anymore. As of this day alcohol rules me no more fuck alcohol...I will not drink with any of you today next week next month never. ..Matt
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; nothing too major but going to the toilet constantly and spilling my guts out(sorry for tmi)..Hey no need to apologize - when my poops fixed themselves after I stopped drinking it was a gift from the heavens above :) ..Let's take it one day at a time I will not drink with you today!
You're not alone.  I struggled by myself. I needed a new mode...I finally realized that it wasn't *lack of willpower* as my issue but rather *Lack of In Real Life Support*.  That's all I needed!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I got tools resources support and fellowship to first stop drinking and then to live sober...Now I just forgo ONE drink today - The First One..Never been happier!
Well done for making the decision to join us all. For years i thought I was a weak willed alkie who couldn't put the glass down once I picked it up. Now I'm a whole lot more compassionate about myself....it's a nasty legal substance that's extremely addictive to many millions of people. So let's all be kind to ourselves and not touch alcohol 
I could have written this myself wow. I have been playing this game too! Only 3 drinks then done. I am tapering right? That's turns into 5 drinks in 2 hours. I literally wake up everyday and do this same thing. This is our life why let a substance that does nothing good to for us control us!..My badge is wrong but I am thinking of jumping in with you. I really want to start to heal so that I can live the life I know exists and I deserve. Thanks for the post!
