-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zuekn/7_months_you_can_do_it_too/

Hi all! For some reason I woke up this morning thinking about those early days of trying to get sober. I struggled for SO LONG to get through the first 24 hours.....What made a difference:..Finding SD. A HUGE step just to see the community the support the honesty struggles and successes...Starting to engage with SD. Just simply posting short comments here and there starting to feel like part of the community. Occasionally having something useful to share...Pouring my heart out to SD. It felt good to be fully open and honest in a place where I know everyone gets it. ..Not getting stuck on my own drama here. This one took some work but I realized I needed to move past it to really stay sober. To start moving from self pity and pain to moving forward and starting the work of getting healthy not just sober. Mind body spirit...Seeking further help. Therapy medical consultation etc. Crucial for me...Cleaning up my diet. In the early days I let myself eat whatever I wanted as I knew just removing alcohol was the most important thing. But later I switched to a largely plant- and whole-food based diet and started reducing sugar and other unhealthy things. My energy levels went through the roof! This really helped drive home how much better I feel now...Working on being more aware and conscious of ALL the areas of my life that need work. Removing alcohol was crucial to this...This step is not necessarily fun but it is all important in moving forward and building a REAL life and not just one that's white knuckling and barely holding on and wanting oblivion again...Happy to be here. Happy you guys and gals are here. Keep up the hard work no matter where you are in your journey! You can only make changes today and prepare for tomorrow!.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow congrats on 7 months!  ..&gt;  To start moving from self pity and pain to moving forward and starting the work of getting healthy not just sober...Yeah this took me a while and it took even longer to get it right.  I still work on it every day.  But I couldn't have even started when I was drinking.  Great job on 7 months and I won't drink with you today!
So happy for you :)..Well done.
Well done!  I found my strength online too.  It was instrumental to know I wasn't alone and there were so many others on the same path with me.  210 days is no joke my friend.  Very well done.
