-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zvdty/one_week/

I made my second goal. Day 1 was the first goal and frankly probably the hardest. I was hungover full of anxiety and felt defeated and out of control. But I did it - and I am so glad I did. Now I am a week in and here are some of my take-aways:.I have struggled at times. I have had to adapt to winding down without wine in the early evening. Golfing on a sunny afternoon watching other people enjoying a nice cold beer and wishing I could have one. Being inundated with ads for alcohol from billboards radio ads magazines TV etc.  Staying home knowing that there are certain social events its best for me to avoid for awhile. ..But the good news is I have increasingly greeted every morning feeling whole and human -  I had forgotten what that feels like and it is far better than anything I got out of drinking the night before. I remember everything and I feel more present in the moment than I have in years.  My intellect is becoming sharper. I haven't gotten into one stupid argument with my husband or had a crying spell/emotional meltdown that I regretted in the morning.  As trite as it sounds  I have begun to embrace my body as a temple instead of a dumping ground  and I can already feel the transformation in both body and spirit. ..So on to week 2 with a better understanding of both the challenges and the rewards. Looking forward to not drinking with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations dude. Totally not going to drink with you today
Congrats! I am just over a week now and it has been surreal heading to the store and not stopping at the wine section...I suppose I didn't realize how much my former normal was in fact built around alcohol...Definitely not drinking with you today.
Congrats!! Well done. I'm right here with you on day 8 and starting to notice these same feelings that you're expressing. Yay for week two! 
Congratulations! Here's to 10000 more weeks! 
Well done! Proud of you! The part about 0 arguments and no breakdowns really hits home I'm happy for you.
Thanks for the positive comments everyone! This group is amazingly supportive...it gives me strength.   I'm so glad to have found it!
