-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zyza7/7_lessons_in_7_days/

EDIT: I'm not sure why the formatting is all out of whack!..So today I got my 1!!! As I was drinking my nightly cup of tea I looked over the past week and here's what I got out of it....1. I can actually remember my thoughts from last night and write them down nice and clear here today instead of having drunk "epiphanies" that I most incoherently scribble down in an effort to preserve for and impress my sober self..2. Drinking for me had become  such a habit that at 6 pm I automatically begin thinking about what I'll be drinking tonight. I have made the effort to keep myself occupied at that time and lo ad behold! The craving is gone 20 min later not to be seen the rest of the night..3. I was able to very eloquently and calmly express and defend a position on a very sensitive topic...4. In the middle of the aforementioned conversation I also had an epiphany. People have been telling me that I am the only person who can make me happy and I always felt it was such a cop out for others to be inconsiderate. I realized as I was saying it what this means. If everything else and everyone else stay the same I can change my attitude my actions and my reactions so that I am happier. Does this make sense to you guys? I always assumed if I was making an effort I expected those close to me to do the same and when they didn't that hurt me and therefore that hurt justified the poison I was projecting. ..5. And this leads me to the most important thing. I am the only person whose actions on me I can control. This means that a) if I drink I am responsible for disappointing myself. and b) if I drink I will be ashamed of myself. Other people I cannot control. Other people's actions can disappoint me but that IS BEYOND MY CONTROL. I control me and only me. I hold myself accountable. Therefore I must try my best I must try my hardest to be the person who does not disappoint. And if I do make a mistake I have to forgive myself and judge my efforts and praise my success while holding myself accountable for the mistake. I have seen so many people here who fall off the wagon after what is such and admirable amount of time being sober who beat themselves up despite the fact that they have done a wonderful job. But the truth is they have disappointed themselves and they are shames of themselves because they are the only people whose actions they can control...6. Saying NO to the first drink is so important because no matter how hard it is to do when you're sober it is so much harder to do it after even a sip. ..7. I used to impatiently await "that time of the day" when I would get to do an adult thing and feel like an adult. Now I realize I don't need a drink to be or even to feel like an adult. The most responsible adult thing I can do is take care of my body my mind and my family and that is not achieved by drinking myself to oblivion. If I want to feel special I just pour myself some ice cold clear water in a small fancy glass and voila! My mind stays as clear as the water.. I really hope all of this makes sense. It is so clear in mind and yet my mind is still so murky from all the damage I have done to it over the years. I used to be so eloquent and now I struggle with choosing the right words. . My whole life I have avoided drugs because I knew I have an easily addictive personality. Cigarettes TV shows (Netflix anyone?) food adventure learning you name it. If it feels good I find it hard to stop. I avoided drugs because I didn't want to end up on the street prostituting myself robbing my family you name it. And yet I never thought about avoiding alcohol. It was such an ingrained part of my culture growing up seeing everyone do it feeling like an adult for doing it that I didn't even realize it was destroying my life and my relationships and when I did it was so hard to convince myself to let go. I truly honestly felt that it was possible for the first time after I started lurking this sub. I am so grateful for all the support all the stories everything. You guys rock and I will NOT drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing your experiences so clearly and eloquently...I will not drink with you tonight.
Great post!!
"If everyone and everything else stays the same I can change my attitude my actions and my reactions so that I am happier." ..I'd get that tattooed on the inside of my skull if I could. You couldn't have said it better. I'll gladly share a fancy glass of ice cold clarity with ya cheers! 
