-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zz13n/if_you_are_thinking_about_posting_but_hesitant/

While this is round three for me one of the things that brought me back here when I was thinking about getting sober AGAIN were my own words...It's easy to dismiss others a bit harder to dismiss yourself especially your sober self...So I encourage you to write down your pain your rage your determination. I recommend putting it all down. ..Then when you have a craving or a relapse you can read what your own sober mind and heart *felt* while here. You can see your own pain at the drink and your own joy at putting it down. ..When that sneaky little voice starts getting in your head whatever the whisper is this time.. *You made it 2 months you can have one*  or  *Well you're not as bad as you think you were* or *If you made it this long you can't be an alcoholic why did you even quit?* then you can come back and reassure yourself that at one point you had struggled maybe you WERE that bad and just because others are worse doesn't mean you were 'okay'...I know I wasn't. And it hurt sometimes to read my own words when I was drunk. But those were the words of a clear minded SoberApok. And that guy does have a good point every now and then. ..And so do each of you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Is there a way you figured out to quickly review the posts you made.  I found a mix of posts and comments when I click on my name.  There is an arrow at the bottom and it was slow.  Any tips?  I won't drink with you today.
Great tip! ..I've found it helpful to read my first posts every now and then. It reminds me how far I've come and where I need to be careful going forward...
Very wise!
Very sage advice. When you pour your heart out and no one reads it or encourages you it's hard to not get discouraged but you are right those posts are for our tempted selves too and the walk goes quickly so it's easy to get buried deep in the pile. .. Thank you for this.. .And the "you're not as bad as you think you were." is the voice I am most afraid of. I'm still in the honeymoon phase of quitting and I am terrified of that thought paying me a visit and I'm sure it will...
Great advice! I have also bookmarked a select few post that really resonated with me either by mirroring my bleak situation or that I knew would be very motivational if I were to consider slipping up. You're doing great!
  
Good idea. I enjoy writing so I have a sober journal that I started in rehab. I keep it with my big book at all times. Even at only one month sober reviewing my early writings helps me remember the progress I've made. I also like to write my thoughts on the AA daily reflections occasionally. And any good thoughts or reminders I have during meetings. 
I'm so glad you made it back to us! Very wise words.
Thank you &lt;3 ..I won't drink with you today. 
This is exactly why I post. I totally want to make this more "real" and make myself accountable for not drinking. I do know a lot of people in real life that also read Reddit and read what I post. When I see them out I can't drink in front of them because then I will look like a total hypocrite/liar. ..
SD has stopped me from slipping on more than 1 occasion. I live in a non-English speaking country so this place is my only support group. Thanks everyone.
good advice thank you. 
Needed to hear that. Thanks!
Good advice...
The last time I listened to that little "go ahead..." voice I bought a bottle of my favorite rye whiskey drank 2/3 of it on my drive home and was puking in the driveway......how I didn't get arrested or die I don't know. I woke up hours later sweaty head throbbing body aching looked in the mirror at the shell staring back and burned that image into my brain. Now whenever I hear "that voice" I visualize myself in that wretched moment as the one saying it and I'm brought back from the edge. Reading and posting here and re reading my old posts keeps me from even getting close to the edge.....thanks SD friends....I will not drink with you today!!
I have been fighting with my guilt with drinking for about a decade now. Last summer I broke down crying to my wife that I was scared but that wasn't enough. some how posting here has been my biggest help. There is something that feels tactical and real about posts out there saying that I won't drink today that helps. Am I where I want to be yet? No. Does coming here day after day help? you are god damn right. 
It's been my experience that SoberApok makes good points with greater frequency than merely 'every now and then.'..&gt;read what your own sober mind and heart felt while here. You can see your own pain at the drink and your own joy at putting it down...You deserve to be sober..
Hey Apok! Nice to see your name here.  Sending you blessings.
I'm on another day one and I just did this. It did hurt to read my own words. But it was important. Thank you so much for suggesting it.
Amen!
