-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/6zzlhd/starting_over_and_needing_words_of_encouragement/

I've been struggling really badly.  I blame my problems on everything except the true source of them.  Last year I started attending AA meetings and was involved here and got a small chunk of sober time under my belt before relapsing and going back to booze.  It's pretty bad now.  I skipped class all this week and I've been extremely isolated and just feeling sad and pathetic (I suffer from anxiety and depression as well).  I've moved back in with my parents and spend every penny I earn on alcohol and I'm just fucking up my life so bad.  I want to be sober but it's in my genes and I started from a young age and nothing feels easy.  I just need support and some sober friends and I'm hopeful that I can finds those things here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think it will take more than the support here given what you shared. Alcohol only makes anxiety and depression worse. A therapist rehab outpatient and AA gave me what I needed. What kind of support would keep you safe from alcohol? 
I can't offer much but I can offer my support...I will not drink with you tonight.
Take a deep breath. When I feel overwhelmed by my problems I have to remember to focus on one problem at a time. For me the first problem was drinking. When I put the bottle down after a day or two I was able to see things more clearly and my anxiety levels subsided considerably. ..Don't drink tonight just go to bed. When you wake up in the morning go to school. Yes you've missed a week but you'll be okay. Get notes from classmates. Talk to your professors. Tell them you were ill. Get a note from your doctor if you need one (ask your doctor not to mention alcohol in the note). Be honest with your doctor about your problem though. They might be able to help. If you can be honest with your parents without them overreacting and punishing you do so. I would want my kids to be honest with me if they were struggling. ..It's going to be okay.
If I can stop drinking I believe just about anyone can.  The commitment required to start stopping requires a change of perspective.  I needed to move from thinking about "whether or not I would stop drinking" to "HOW will I stop drinking."  The decision was made and the remaining challenge was to figure out the execution and for that I needed help.
Many people use multiple strategies.  I like smart recovery online too.  Great workbook and online meetings.  It's more scientific than AA.  The beauty of AA is real people.  Nice people who understand. I'm going to see a counselor of some kind next week.  It's not an addiction counselor.  Not exactly sure what she is but not a doctor.  I won't drink with you today.
I also started at a young age and have alcoholism on both sides of my family. To start off I'm just a few years older than you and also in school and at your age there is absolutely no shame in moving back with the rents while you do what you have to for your education. Might be good for your sobriety too to relieve that financial burden. Don't be down on yourself you are working on yourself and doing great. Reading This Naked Mind helped me a lot and it's available to download for free on the sidebar. I've heard AA isn't as bad as you might think (and not always overly religious if you don't like that sort of thing) and also have heard it's a great way to make new sober friends. Just take it one day at a time and don't be afraid to ask your doctor or psychiatrist about medication to help you quit.
Welcome! You are not alone! I will not drink with you today 
I also offer my support and a hug. I've stopped and started so many times and I totally understand what you've said about blaming your problems on anything but the true source. Owning that has been key for me...I've got your back my friend you are not alone.
1) KEEP COMING BACK (to another day one to us to your self ..2) get some mental healthcare!! You drink because of nature AND nurture (all the shit we experience and have to deal with) and we all end up with some shit we need to sort through and some big emotions that have to be witnessed and fought through. ..3) try try try not to hate yourself too much. Be nice to you you're having a hard time. 
