-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/706cem/some_observations_on_getting_to_90_days_sober/

I only ever drank to get fucked up. I only ever smoked to get as high as possible. I did cocaine for years but it was really all about the alcohol. I'm 36 and for the past sixteen or more years I've been drunk or high nearly every day. ..First day wasn't planned so much as I ran out of ability to give myself excuses. I had managed to quit marijuana two weeks earlier for the thousandth time and once again my drinking was racheting up to take it's place. I was exhausted and irritable all the time for no good reason. ..I researched celebrities that had quit and read their stories. I found this subreddit. Knowing I could check in here really was essential. I needed a sober space where people spoke openly about the struggle...My first night I went to AA because I knew I would drink if I didn't have the obligation to be sober for the meeting. It was a great decision. The speaker said many things that I identified with from my own life. Particularly the isolation of alcoholism. I got a 24 hr chip and I held that thing every day for the next few weeks. I went to more meetings but tapered off as work got busier. I kept checking in to this subreddit everyday...I went back to AA for my month chip. I carried that thing every day until I lost it. I think I expected everything to be better sooner. I figured I was doing everything right why was this still so hard? I slept a lot. I drank tons of selzer and I ate sweets without shame. They helped...I'm someone with ambitious creative goals and I had a tough time quitting because my creative juices dried up every time I tried in the past. I felt uninteresting and wooden uninspired. This time I still refused to drink or smoke weed. My creativity came back after about 2.5 months. If this is your fear just bide your time and take little bites it will get even better than when you are using drugs and alcohol...I found music again. I pump myself up and make playlists. It's rewarding...I did lose weight but don't focus on that as a motivation it will probably ebb and flow. More importantly I feel great. I was so full of anxiety anger frustration and self loathing. I often felt sick from a hangover. My shits were messy and frequent which is embarrassing. I couldn't go an hour without peeing. I would often have emergencies where I would piss myself. I don't have these problems at all anymore...I'm still angry but it's not the same. It's more of a quiet resilience. Before I was desperate I would lash out. Now I'm more calculating and sure of myself. I'm still funny. My conversation skills have improved. My social anxiety is dramatically reduced...My friends don't care. Either they're jealous or they don't think about it at all. No problems there. I have isolated myself though and I recommend that. It's important to go slow and rebuild...My biggest fear is letting the beast convince me to pick up again. After writhing and feeling despondent for years feeling helpless and worthless I am finally able to say that I have taken control. It takes resilience and discipline to beat the subtle humiliating voice that always finds rationalizations for not being sober. Before this for years I gave in and was willing to hate myself as long as I could get fucked up. Now I think I'm pretty fucking awesome. It only took three months...Give yourself the time to adjust. My brain chemistry definitely changed but it happened slower than I wanted. I'm looking forward to it getting even better. At least now I feel safer from myself...I also see a psychiatrist and take anti-depressants. It's essential to want to get better and that starts with seeking help. ..Thanks for reading. Please share your experiences as well. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your post. I don't want to go back either. 
Congrats! Lets keep going and find out what else is in store. 
&gt; Now I think I'm pretty fucking awesome...You are pretty fucking awesome. Thanks for sharing. I will not drink with you today.
Good on ya! You sound very together. I like how your attitudes and view of life are maturing. Feeling sater in yourself is a big win. As how you are now handling anger. That's what it took for me. Now I just remember to be my own best friend to think things through and to never ever drink or drug again. Best
