-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70ephj/i_feel_incredibly_alone/

I moved to San Diego to attend school. I got a nice room with a bathroom and a chill landlord. A cute young couple lives in the room next to mine. I thought my life would be different here. You know at a great school and finally getting a degree back on my own living in beautiful San Diego. ..I've drank almost every day. Not just drank but gotten wasted. ..The first week of school was really bad for me psychologically. There are *so* many beautiful men at school everywhere you look. Just gorgeous young college guys. It's truly unbelievable.  ..I walk to and from classes thinking to myself if only I could have *one* of them. Or if only I could be comfortable in my skin like them. Or if only I was a girl. ..I wonder what life would be like if I didn't have to fight off waves of gender dysphoria throughout the day. I wonder what life would be like if guys could see me for who I am on the inside. ..I feel like I'm playing a role 24-7. Especially at work where I wait tables. I don't even know which person is truly me because I'm constantly torn between convincing myself I'm one way and then the other or anywhere in between at any given moment...Why do I have to force myself out of my comfort zone just to get through daily life? I'm fucking EXHAUSTED. Between the dysphoria the social anxiety and the self-hatred I'm drinking myself to death. ..So what do I do just transition and be an ugly freak? Just willingly make everything in my life a thousand times harder? Especially in finding love and that's the only thing I've ever truly wanted. ..I haven't drank anything today because I got shit faced and acted like an asshole last night.... but the bottle is sitting on my dresser and I'm really struggling to find a reason not to grab it right now...I want to love and respect myself. I really really *really really* do. But I don't. And when I'm not drinking I still don't. I just need a little support right now guys. .
----------immediate responses--------

I support you. I myself have felt so lonely and alone today. Actually posted about it earlier. I struggled. Cried. Took a nap. Just tried to distract myself long enough so I didn't pick up a bottle. And it got better. Things changed around me. First day is so hard. After I got to day 3 things became more clear for me. Stay strong. We are all just tying to figure out who we are. I certainly am. I won't drink with you tonight. 
Putting down booze didn't "fix" how I feel inside but it did give me one less thing to feel ashamed about. My drinking was killing me physically socially emotionally.... Truly destroying my life. Every day that I refuse to drink I feel a little bit better about myself. People told me that things will get better and I believe them because it's starting to happen. ..When alcohol starts to look like a decent option when I'm not feeling strong or confident or worthy I ask myself "how was that working out for you?" The answer is always that it wasn't working. No matter how I try to twist or justify alcohol ultimately never fixed a damn thing. ..Try to be strong and proud of yourself. I'm proud of you! Even if we want to drink we don't have to. 
Sorry things are so difficult for you right now. You're not alone! We're here! Sending you an internet hug.
Hi Andi I hope you're doing okay.  I had to google gender dysphoria just to make sure I understood exactly what you meant. I read it and it sounds really rough to have that going on in your heart and your head.  I'm so sorry you're going through such a hard time.  Your comment about wanting the guys to see who you really are on the inside is just heart-wrenching because I know you're a lovely person who just wants to be loved for who you are as we all do. I don't know what the solution is for you right now but I do know that drinking will only make things worse.  If you can turn away from booze and invest in your health and focus on being good to yourself you will be better situated to handle the issues that come with gender dysphoria. I wish you all the best in making this happen. I'll be thinking of you Andi.  You've got a lot on your plate.  Please keep coming back to this sub.  You are not alone.  People care about you I know I do!  Lots of love and a hug.  Don't forget that you're beautiful.
Hi Andi I hope you're doing okay.  I had to google gender dysphoria just to make sure I understood exactly what you meant. I read it and it sounds really rough to have that going on in your heart and your head.  I'm so sorry you're going through such a hard time.  Your comment about wanting the guys to see who you really are on the inside is just heart-wrenching because I know you're a lovely person who just wants to be loved for who you are as we all do. I don't know what the solution is for you right now but I do know that drinking will only make things worse.  If you can turn away from booze and invest in your health and focus on being good to yourself you will be better situated to handle the issues that come with gender dysphoria. I wish you all the best in making this happen. I'll be thinking of you Andi.  You've got a lot on your plate.  Please keep coming back to this sub.  You are not alone.  People care about you I know I do!  Lots of love and a hug.  Don't forget that you're beautiful.
