-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70j4hp/trying_to_start_again/

Hi SD..I've gone through a few periods of sobriety usually peaking at three weeks or so. I'm in a doctoral program and have little time to mess around but I find myself stopping by the liquor store to pick up a six pack of tall boys almost every day(or twice a day). I want so badly not to but in the moment I can't seem to keep driving past. AA kept me sober when I was "home" but I've seen relocated and haven't found a solid group that I feel comfortable going to. I recognize that I need personal strength to get through this period of challenge but I struggle to start. I get on reddit daily I hope this gives me some form of accountability to keep me honest.
----------immediate responses--------

It's seems as though you have some structure and everyone here to lean on.  Good luck.
Relocation would be rough while trying to stay sober I relocated to get sober and found myself staying after treatment. Have you worked the steps of AA with a sponsor? Or has your experience with AA only been the fellowship side? The fellowship is important but the silver bullet in my experience has been working through the steps that is what has given me power. Being able to find relief from stress or sorrow before having to seek the ease and comfort that is what working through the steps has done for me. You're right it does take personal strength more than I ever thought I had. What helped me also was playing that tape forward and inserting the worst times I had both during and after my benders that involved jail accidents and just being the worst. That helped but I got to a point when consequences would not keep me sober. I wish you luck though it seems you want to change there is just never a good time in our lives to seek sobriety it came down to me being nearly homeless though with a felony before I had the time. 
A doctoral program can be strenuous and demanding...I would think that connection with others for an hour or so as in a meeting could be beneficial...Look forward to hearing more about your progress!..What are you studying?
