-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70kot9/home_alone/

I've been lurking the sub for a while now. I've gone through it all. I was up to 3 pints of liquor per day. Went through rehab and became a chronic relapser. My girlfriend of almost 6 years has been my biggest support system. I go to meetings 7 days/week. But at the end of the day she's my biggest advocate. She is out of town tonight and I'm 12 days in...again. I don't want to let her down...again. So instead of doing something dumb I figured I'd ride out the craving while writing. I won't drink with any of you today.
----------immediate responses--------

12 days is great achievement.  Do whatever it takes to get one more day.  Those cravings pass just give it time. 
Being home alone is tough for me as well. As some of my sober friends say you're at home alone with a mad man in the house... good job staying connected on here. I did that and called people from meetings.
You can do it!! Play the tape forward
Hi TrueBlue. Stay strong. Although you don't want to disappoint your girlfriend don't disappoint yourself. You're 12 days strong and that's amazing!! 
I had my first sober days (6) in probably 3 years. Like many people here I really noticed the difference of waking up early and being super-productive. I probably drink 6-8 drinks per night after 7PM until bedtime arrives. I rarely get hammered or experience  much of a hangover but the 6 sober days really helped me clear the "fog" of my mornings. Not clearly hungover but clearly unmotivated. I immediately felt I would succeed in NOT drinking if I told myself that early in the day. The decision was made took the pressure off me. Do it for yourself!.
Amen...I wasn't necessarily a black out kind of guy. Yeah maybe once in a while but I'd normally drink 6-8 drinks a night every night. I was so used to being slow tired and groggy every morning that it was the norm. Throw in a lot of "powdered encouragement" on the weekends and I was definitely out of the game for a day or so...I can't believe how wonderful my weekday AND weekend mornings have been recently. I actually get to do things on Saturday and Sunday?! That was unheard of before. Stay sober my friend!
Chronic relapser here too  I am having the worst alcohol cravings and my husband is leaving for a week tomorrow. I already relapsed this week after 4 months and now I'm secretly plotting drinking basically as soon as he leaves.  I'm trying to " play the whole tape through" and remembering the pain it puts me through is not worth the temporary relief of drinking. It's never worth it yet somehow my mind likes to convince me otherwise. Don't throw in the towel. I'm so pissed at myself for relapsing.  
