-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70lc05/i_just_broke_up_with_my_boyfriend_of_almost_3/

As the title says I have spent my Saturday bawling my eyes out with my boyfriend because I decided I can't carry on in the relationship. The part I'm struggling with the most is the fact that I WANT to be with him so bad but it's like my mind can't figure it out. I read past journal entries from before I was sober and noticed a trend of doubt in them from early years. Why do I feel so much doubt in a relationship that's so healthy? ..I'm heatbroken. I can't stop crying as I mourn the loss of this relationship that I cared so much for. Part of me doesn't know if the break up will last and I'm hopeful that someone can tell me they've experienced a similar path when becoming sober. ..The stress of life without my only coping mechanism has gotten the best of me. I feel so lost and miss my old life even though it's only been gone for half a day so far. I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey... Back in college I remember sitting with my roommate after he broke up with his long time girlfriend. It was the first time he'd really felt that pain and I remember trying to explain that it was normal to feel sorta lost and confused. Almost like someone takes all your emotions throws 'em in a box and shakes them up until they're completely disconnected...I can't tell you how long it will take for things feel normal again. And I'm certainly not a relationship expert. But I can tell you that alcohol has only ever made my emotional problems worse. Sure you might be able to forget them for a couple hours but they'll just be worse once you sober up...You're not alone you're making life easier on you by not drinking and I'm glad you're here  .
When I share my troubles with a friend they get right-sized.
I'm in a similar spot but haven't taken the leap. So much good in the relationship but my gut says it's not the right one. But then I doubt myself and wonder if it's just fear and my neurosis and I could be throwing away a good thing. So I don't have any answers but you have my empathy. I'll not drink with you.
Stick it out support from someone like that is tremendously valuable as time goes on I think you'll know what's right then
I also recently split from my ex as well. A week into my sobriety non the less..We had had many doubts in each other LOTS of rough patches and big fights all over the course of two years..When he ended it I was at a loss but I didn't lose myself to negative thinking. I focused on myself and made positive choices that made ME happy. Put a lot of energy into work friends and new activities..It's been a few weeks and we've talked but we didn't get back together. Wounds need time to heal. Sometimes it's a long time and sometimes it doesn't take long at all. If it is something you truly want be the best person you can be to receive it. 
