-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70mnoy/help_me_stop_feeling_sorry_for_myself/

As per my previous post I drank on Friday. It was pretty gruesome blackout drunk. Not that gruesome that I did anything bad just the fact that I drank that much...I know that my heads still going to be all over the place due to the alcohol abuse but i really cant stop feeling sorry for myself...Nobody wants to be anywhere near me my eldest son who's always been a tower of strength and support to me...has asked me not to contact him again. Except I did this morning...I was looking for some love and kindness really thats what I'd hoped for....i know it was too soon and I should have waited he just ended up being quite viscious and nasty...And although I know i deserved it it hurt like hell...Now i just cant stop thinking about how shitty my life is....whether i drink or not. Ive had the year from absolute hell and I have to face most of it alone...I started the year being a kidney donor for my middle son who also happens to have special needs and mild learning difficulties. I seriously wasnt prepared for what a big thing we were both facing. I wasnt prepared for how ill I felt afterwards it threw up lots of horrible feelings for me.....I'm alone I dont have a partner I dont have anyone to take care of me....physicaly or emotionally...I have a toxic relationship with my sister who used the whole operation as a points scoring exercise....I wont go into the boring details but suffice to say i left the hospital feeling like the biggest piece of shit in the world. It took me a long time to be able to see the transplant as a good thing. It was a horrible experience...On top of that my son didnt cope well with the operation at all due to his special needs and all the lifestyle changes that came with it. Guess who he took it out on?..Then almost immediately his disabilty money stopped...again he acted like i personally had been the one to stop his money. I'm still fighting to get it re-instated due to his special needs and myriad of other problems he has. This has meant extra paperwork deadlines etc...its been so stressful...My eldest son (the one who doesnt want to speak to me) has ssvere social anxiety and agrophobia so i do lots for him too. I just helped them move into a new place but they wont do anything for themselves...they havent bothered unpacking or cleaning the new place and wont until i go do it for them. I feel its my duty as their mother and because of both their difficulties...My mum passed suddenly a month and a half ago she was only 68 and she was my rock....she was a difficult woman at times to be fair but she alwasys supported me in my drinking problem without any judgements at all. she also helped me in other ways...she was always there and now shes not...Then theres my daughter who still lives with me shes 16 and just started college....i sorted out all her paperwork for her made two trips to college with her....when i couldnt really afford it and took up two whole days (we have to use buses as I dont drive)..I do everytihin i possibly can for her i help her out left right and centre i comfort her when shes upset i give her money etc etc.....do you know that even when my mum died I had to ask her to come down from her room and sit with me.....my feelings and or upset mean absoultely zero to her..I help out a niece who has a psychitic illness and is really reeling from the death of my mum...she was my mums carer as well and lived with her...I have a friend who is an awful life situation and always there to help her too....but out of all of them this friend is the ONLY one who gives me anything back...If im upset i get told i'm childish shouldnt be thinking that way making mountains out of molehills...I'm literally not allowed to be a human being...I asked my daughter and my niece for a favour on thursday and neither of them would do it.....my son again said i was making a mountain out of a mole hill.....but it was just the latest in a long line of "fuck yous" its just indicative of the way i get treated. and it hurts...Now ive had a drink sons hating on me big style (i totally understand how he feels but his words have been so harsh its like im not even a human being).My daughter cant even look at me without contempt in her eyes...I understand and I dont blame them theyre sick of false promises its just compounded my feelings of being absolutely alone and I'm so sad...Its a bit of a paradox really because deep down I think I'm too toxic to be around anyone....yet craving some love and companionship...The one friend who does give back to me I hate putting my shit on her (as i said shes in a pretty awful life situation herself)..I'm sick of the daily struggle of paperowrk appointments getting buses that take hours to get anywhere (live in a really rural area) as well as the cost of buses when im so broke and having no partner or anybody to offload on...without fear of being made to feel silly or stupid. I just want someone to listen and understand exactly what its like to be me. The vulnerability and loneliness I felt after the operation is still hanging on me....even when Ive made concerted efforts to just stop it...My son actually said oh you poor thing you have a nice house to live in and a family.....do you know how many people have worse lives than you? instead of just saying "that must be a bit shit for you" and giving me a bit of recgnition and comfort...I'm too fucked up to even consider looking for a partenr and even if i wasnt we live in a small rural community......i am just known as a drinking problem again....not a human being a drinking problem. Everyone knows it...even these past 30 days sober was just filled with stress and upset and nobody at all thinking to give me any comfort or support. I'm not suicidal at all just feel like theres no point in living like this.....im 45 now ive given up on life. Ive no job no qualifications to get a job no partner no social life and no support and no chance of getting them either...I'm so tied of it all and feeling mega sorry for myself.....i know it doesnt help tho and wish I could just stop and try to find some positivity somewhere
----------immediate responses--------

Oh Auntie I'm so sorry to hear all this!..It really must be tough to deal with so much hardship and loss with little support and I admire your strength for not giving up.....Wish I was closer I'd come and give you a hug and make a nice cup of tea!..We're all here to listen please keep leaning on us and know that you're not alone... We have to care for and respect ourselves properly before there is spare energy to take care of others I reckon......Time is a great healer just keep putting one foot in front of the other one day at a time... that's all any of us can do really!..I won't drink with you today and I'm sending massive hugs and extra positive vibes from here!..Woody :&gt;)&gt; xxx
Please hang in there! Yes things are shit now but they will get better. My heart goes out to you and I promise that one day things will have improved in one way or another...All we can do in life is accept our mistakes atone for them and move in trying to be an improved version of ourselves...No situation is improved by having a drink. I will not drink with you today xx
Well that sucks. Not like "gee whiz that sucks" but like "*man* that sucks the lama's ass"..Children having children can be really hard. Yes we have a nice Christmas there or a special moment there but there is a lot of real anguish there too. ..What we do right doesn't amount to anything because "you're my mother you're supposed to do that." Meanwhile what we do wrong is counted twice. There is no way to win...For a long time at least. I know *I* wasn't the sweetest son and it took into my late 20's early 30's that I turned around an realize what my parents did right and what they mean to me...Your kids not appreciating your love affection and hard work -- that's part of them being kids. And being non-adults [takes much longer](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-24173194) than they thought in our time:..&gt; There are three stages of adolescence - early adolescence from 12-14 years middle adolescence from 15-17 years and late adolescence from 18 years and over...&gt; Neuroscience has shown that a young person's cognitive development continues into this later stage and that their emotional maturity self-image and judgement will be affected until the prefrontal cortex of the brain has fully developed...&gt; Alongside brain development hormonal activity is also continuing well into the early twenties says Antrobus...That does not make it any easier though. I found the weird moods of my 8 year old easier to deal with than the mean things they said when they were 18...Their judgment is harsh and hard. I know they can't be different; they literally aren't there brain-wise but *still* it hurts...You're not doing anything wrong; this is the way it is. "BUt I know this and that family and they..." -- no you don't see all their daily realities...What's hard is our love for them and wanting to put and keep them on the rails. Doing the brunt of the moving cleaning the apartment putting things in order? Been there done that. Thinking "I'll help them clean because I know how their enviornment negatively impacts them"? Check...But I realize that's not how they learn. What teacher seeing a student struggles would *do* the student's work? No instead they explain show but in the end the student has to practice and learn...We know we can't change other people but we try with our kids. The only reason I do it live their life is because I can; it's sort of acceptable as a parent. But I can't clean or organize them into people that live a well ordered fulfilling life.....And it's tough to do this alone. Do reach out to your friend though; listening and being there for you doesn't *add* to her burden. It helps relief hers; she's not alone in misery *and* she is valued *and* she can be helpful...Give misery its place. Enjoy it for a morning or a day ;) But then build yourself happy moments. Find the things you enjoy. Reading? Movies? Posting here? Tea? Baking? Painting? Jogging? Do them. Treat yourself. Make happy moments...And know that you're not alone. I know what you're going through and living my own verson of it :)..{{hug}}
Wow.  Sorry for the loss of your mother...Welcome back - and yes not drinking is not going to fix the rest of your life magically and certainly not in 30 days...But as you now see drinking will add to the pungency depth and stickyness of the shit you are walking through.  So quitting is a no-brainer...It seems the only person you aren't taking care of is YOU.  And since you are at your limit - it's time to start doing that. (drinking is not being nice to yourself)..First if I may understand that you are powerless over what other people think of you.  Take some time for yourself find a therapist a support group - CODA perhaps - some sort of caregivers meetup - and there is a book you might look at "Codependent no more".  ..You also might consider AA or Smart or whatever for your drinking - and for the social aspects as much as the 'program' and having to ask for rides to meetings might be very good for you - especially since you will likely get some - not all but some.....Stay in touch.
Its a bit of a paradox really because deep down I think I'm too toxic to be around anyone....yet craving some love and companionship...It's part of the human condition to want connection with others.  "Connection" is the healing and healthy component in many addiction recovery/prevention models...When I go to a meeting I experience people who are caring compassionate kind....who understood what I'm experiencing and embrace me...Whadda ya think?
That witness who understands and empathizes and knows where you're coming from--is a therapist. You are right that you deserve compassion and support it's just that your children are not equipped to provide it and this dynamic is definitely not working. A therapist is equipped to be present in exactly the way you need plus a therapist can start helping you unravel the reasons this dynamic got entrenched.  Those reasons are not your fault; the fact that you feel alone in the world and like you don't have enough protection and care is not something you invented or chose for yourself. The fact that you didn't have the tools to fix it is not your fault. ..A therapist can give you the tools. A therapist can give you the space to grieve something you should have gotten as a child but did not. A space to feel sorry for yourself about that--it's a valid feeling that needs to be felt in a safe space.  Understanding the forces behind the dynamic you have with your loved ones will give you clarity and empower you to start shifting it. It's just really hard to shift something you can't even *see* clearly because you are inside it. Your children can't see it either so it's the blind leading the blind. You need a compassionate wise witness that is only for you. ..I wish you ten thousand oceans of peace and I'm sending warm invisible hugs. 
I hope you don't mind but I'll just be straight with you; I believe if you can have a solid and sober week from this Monday to next Monday then I'm very sure by this time next week you'll have a lot of this in perspective and feel a lot stronger. But you need to buckle down and sort each feeling and problem one by one and in a calm and rational manner. ..I can understand you've had a really tough patch but sometimes you need to just say: "fuck it I'll have a cup of tea an early night and a good nights sleep and the Ill start again strong tomorrow and get things back on track" and of course alongside sober days and nights these things will resolve themselves and you will regain calm and control you seek. 
That is really shitty that you dont have a anybody around you to lift and support you and give you a big hug. I can only imagine how painful it must have been to lose your mom. I am really sorry to hear about your situation and you are not making a mountain out of a molehill you do have it pretty tough right now. ..You need to find a therapist and I have been going to psychiatrists and psychologists for years until I gave up and thought "fuck it! they all suck" because I really was unlucky with the pyschitraists/psychologists I met. After many years of trying to cope on my own and failing I now go to a life coach she is very spiritually minded as am I and we have made a great instant connection and she really gets me and how hard my life has been. She even managed to push me ahead of a long waiting list for a rehab facility in my area as she is good friends with the guy who runs it and I am going there tomorrow to meet with him to work out a plan moving forward...You need to find someone to speak to who has no emotional investment in prior who will listen to you objectively without judging you. Its very hard to do it alone and it seems as if you are not coping well on your own right now which is totally understandable you are only human...Much love to you from me I feel your pain and I hope you find support to help you forward what you are doing thus far is not working do something different! :) Dont give up! My heart pours out to you with love and light xx
I'm late to this but just wanted to let you know how much I've appreciated your sharing your thoughts on this sub. I think you're a terrific human being and not NOT merely a drinking problem. No shame in feeling down when life is rough; we all do it. I won't drink with you today and I hope things get better soon.
