-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70xk78/emotional_bottom/

I am going to IOP AA meetings and talking with friends.  A few people have said I am high risk for relapse because I didn't hit a bottom (no DUI No lost job home etc).  While that is true I do not think I could have gone any lower on the shame guilt and embarrassment scale.  I can't get their words out of my head........Drinking while alone with my 2yo  was my bottom.  I am struggling everyday to forgive myself.  I am struggling today wanting to go buy a bottle of wine...but reading all the supportive posts is helping me get into better head space.  
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. We're rooting for you. Lots of people go through major crises and don't stop--it's always an internal space and moment where bottom hits and yours found you. Just try to focus on the amazing gift you're giving your child not only with your presence but also with your unspoken demonstration of protection and stability. You really deserve to feel good about that. IWNDWYT.
Who says you have to hit rock bottom to quit drinking - NO ONE!!! You can get off the elevator on any floor - it's what YOU decide. Also is there really a rock bottom for anyone? I know if I continued to drink I would just be digging deeper to another bottom. Congrats on 5 days - that is great. Being present for your 2 year old is an incredible gift for you and your child. Wishing you success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
rock bottom is subjective. If you think its a problem then its a problem. And problems are meant to be solved. I will not drink with you today! 
I've been sober a few months now. I never got a DUI lost a job or a house. My rock bottom was wanting to drive off a bridge or into a wall. Everyone's bottom is different. The people who are telling you that you need to hit their expected rock bottom? They aren't living your life feeling your emotions dealing with your shit. We all knew where out bottom was when we reached it. That's why we are here now. Congrats on your 5 days I look forward to seeing many more from you. 
I.Agree. My rock bottom was my kids not being able to wake me up and my 5 year old was crying. I never woke up. They were scared. That was my rock bottom.
People will say all kinds of stuff.  I "only" had an emotional bottom.  It was bad enough for me! 
What a pointless thing to say to someone! I have a friend who is an addiction counselor and she told me once that the odds are that I will relapse and drink again one day...of course my mind took that opportunity to basically fantasize about getting drunk that very weekend! It's all a load of crap! There are people with multiple DUI's that still drink. There are people who have lost everything and still drink! Sounds like you don't want to be one of them. What matters is that YOU have decided to make a positive change in your life. So do it! I'm rooting for you!     
I know what you mean. I never really hit rock bottom just got tired of not being able to stop after just a couple and sending stupid drunk text messages and calls to my college aged daughter that I don't remember.   The overwhelming shame was my rock bottom and if you would have asked anyone that knows me they would say I drink in moderation. I got good at hiding it. 
