-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/70zqyo/im_not_sure_whether_i_need_to_stop_drinking/

For a long time I've struggled with the idea of giving up the drink. My family history both close and extended includes a fair amount of alcohol abuse. And it's come to the stage where I'm not entirely sure whether I am abusing alcohol or not...For a bit of context I'm still getting stuff done in my life and I'm doing very well with my degree at my university. But I've had a lot of difficulties over the past few months (deaths in the extended family a suicidal friend) that has put a lot of mental strain on me recently. As a result I've drank very often and heavily over these past few months...It's gotten to the stage that whenever I get drunk I'm surrounded by thoughts of quitting the drink out of guilt. Whenever I'm sober however I'm nearly always tempted to start drinking again. I hate myself for jumping back on to the bandwagon when I'm drunk and I find it so easy to forgive myself and make excuses for drinking when I'm sober. I've got a bit of a history of mental health issues and my self-esteem and genuine self-appreciation is near zero...Because I only really feel conviction in my beliefs that I need to give up drinking when I am drunk I'm not really sure whether I have a problem or not. I'm both stuck with the idea that I'm fine because I can forgive myself when I wake up and that I'm not OK as I get these feelings of guilt and a desire to quit every time I'm drunk. Any words of advice or thoughts would be appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you satisfied with where you are?  If so keep doing what you're doing!
Just because you are still "getting stuff done" doesn't mean you don't have a problem with alcohol. I don't buy the whole "if you have more than 4 drinks in a night you have a problem" mentality but there are some other signals I do believe indicate a problem. When is the last time you had two drinks and called it a night? I find that is the most indicative signal. Also in the last year have you hidden the quantity of drinks you had either by hiding empties or by sneaking a drink here or there so someone else doesn't see you have as many as you actually do. Lastly do you notice that you drink more than other people you are with? I always did and just said to myself "it's because I am bigger" OR "I just have a higher tolerance." Whatever the reason I was drinking more than anyone I was with and doing it regularly. What are you answers to these questions? Please share if you don't mind. 
It's a paradox that can be fatal.  If you can stop drinking easily for an extended period of time (measured in years) you may not have the disease of alcoholism or alcohol use disorder but after the experiment you may not want to start again.  If you can't you probably are alcoholic like me but then I couldn't stop by myself and had to get help.  The good news is that you can conduct the test yourself and find out for sure.  In any event it is important to keep in mind that alcohol is a carcinogenic poison that rots major organs like brain liver pancreas and kidney.  Alcohol is a great solvent and paint remover but has no health benefit when ingested by humans.  Stopping drinking and smoking cigarettes is probably the right choice no matter what.
I've certainly been there. This is a tough one because everyone is different. We all lead different lives and have different coping skills and thresholds for heartache and struggle. .For me I know I am an alcoholic. Most days I hate to admit it because I still miss drinking. I have had some serious repercussions as a result of my drinking. I have the stereotypical drunk stories like being woken up on a street in a city in the middle of the afternoon by the police. And yet I STILL find ways to rationalize having another drink. That's just the way my mind operates. I know drinking for me is not sustainable yet I often still miss picking up a six pack after work and listening to music. (Harmless enough until I'm a week down that road and I'm off passing out in bars etc) So while rationally I know it's not good for me I often times forget how much of a drunken asshole I can really be..Ok so now let's look at you. If I am sure that I have a problem and I still want to justify my own drinking there is a possibility that you too have a problem and are justifying your way out of dealing with it because you like to drink. However nobody but you can make that call. If you are experiencing this wish to quit while you're boozing (totally been there) but then suddenly brush it off while you're sober do not worry. That's kind of normal in my experience. You want to rationalize drinking because it FEELS good and/or life without another drink seems impossible or just straight up crazy. Thats what I thought anyway..All of this to say that perhaps give yourself a break. Take some time off and take it a day at a time and see if you can clear out some of these mental cobwebs with a sober brain. Think hard about why you think you occasionally want to stop. Are you hurting family? Friends? Are you covering up some shame or trauma? Are you just bored? Are you putting off more important things in your life? Give all these questions a thought. It cannot hurt you to step back and take stock. You may realize that you don't in fact need to get away from booze for the rest of your life. It could be a temporary thing you're struggling with. Or maybe quitting for good needs to happen. Only you will know and the great news is that it's nobody's fucking business but yours. You call the shots. You seem like a bright individual with a healthy amount of self examination going on. Use that to your benefit. Do a little experiment and try and get some answers for yourself. It might make some sense to you. ..Come on back now ya here? This sub is a great place to explore shit like this...Good luck   
Sounds like you might want to take a break and evaluate later down the road. .I set a one year mark for myself..Around 30 days in I've shifted to thinking I'll probably never drink again..It just seems easier for me to set a hard boundary rather than thinking about moderating my drinking amounts. .How is a few drinks going to have much value if any?.Life is short why muddle the brain while on the journey?.I'll not drink with you today :)
Usually if you have to ask if you should stop drinking it's probably time you do. .People with normal relationships with alcohol people that aren't alcoholics or that don't have issues surrounding alcohol don't usually question whether or not they should stop. It's not even on the radar. 
I started with a goal of 30 days and found out that it was way too challenging then it should have been. That's why I decided to just keep going. Why not start small? If alcohol is not an issue for you then 30 days would essentially be a non issue. ..Drinking was losing it's luster for me too and not drinking was the first step I needed to take to improve how I felt about myself. Turns out I was never as bad as I always told myself I was. I'm basically still the same person but I'm a lot happier these days. Whatever you decide to do I wish you all the best!     
I've been on antidepressants for 20 years. Once I stopped drinking my depression and anxiety almost went away completely.  Drinking will make any mental health condition worse!!
