-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/710okq/now_i_need_to_stop/

I've been struggling with alcohol abuse for almost 10 years now and now I just can't do it anymore I need to stop. I'm not a daily drinker more like multiple times a week but when I do it's way too much too fast. If I have days off I'll sometimes binge day and night but sometimes I'll miss work...My girlfriend of almost two years broke up with me five days ago. Alcohol had been a wrench in the gears pretty much the entire time. There were multiple fights and one time she left me but only for a day. I was able to quit for a month but she would drink wine constantly and my mom would get drunk too. There were too many temptations. Finally this time enough was enough and she moved out. I binged for three days and the hangover didn't go away for two after...Alcohol has done nothing but drive people away help me to do stupid things and just feel awful. What was I wanting to get out of it? It's done nothing but cause problems. It sent me to the hospital multiple times for no good reason and just building up debt (I would get drunk and have panic attacks thinking I was dying.) It caused me to go to a psych ward twice it's destroyed my relationship. So now I'm completely alone and without the love of my life...Last night on my way home from work I picked up a pint of vodka since I was off today. I drank the entire pint and then later drove back to the gas station (I know I shouldn't drive drunk but I was stupid) and bought another half pint. The same attendants from my earlier purchase were all still there and they see me stumble in wasted. The looks of disappointment and concern on their faces hit me like a ton of bricks and it helped me really to start thinking about what it's doing to me and recalled the same looks I would see that I never really thought about. I wish someone would have told me no but they just rang it up and let me get behind the wheel of a death machine. ..Today I woke up feeling awful as usual (except now with a pain I can't identify on my back and abdominal area in the kidney area that won't go away) and looked at the half full half pint bottle on the table. The looks from last night entered my mind and everything I lost flooded my head. I told myself right there. You can't do this anymore it's time to stop... For good...But I need help I know I can't do it on my own. But AA is not something I want to do so I don't know where else to turn. I'm mostly doing this for myself but I'm also doing it for her. We still love each other and could reconcile if I can escape these demons but she doesn't feel that she can trust me regarding alcohol so how could I even prove it to her when I start getting better?..I really need help and advice and what I can do to get started. I'm sorry if my formatting is bad I'm trying to let it out before I lose it.
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't want to do AA either but I eventually did. It really really helps! And everyone is so kind and you don't have to talk!
AA is far from ideal from me but the 8 meetings I've attended so far have actually been very helpful.
Rehab...Honestly it's changed my life.
You say you are doing it for you and if that's true you are already in a good spot. If you can put some time together the overall trajectory of everything improves and your life simply gets better. That's not to say it's not really fucking difficult but it's doable and you're worth it. Early on I spent a lot of time on SD and had some success with a book on Rational Recovery. Wishing you all the best my friend!     
Check out Smart Recovery or refuge recovery meetings.  I credit my getting sober to my therapist and listening to recovery podcasts daily (recovery elevator is a good one). 
You want to stop but need support to do it.  AA might not be perfect but if it can help you get started it is worth it.  At the very least spend as much time as possible here.
