-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71e5bt/anyone_else_not_experience_hangovers/

I think this is what's destroying me. I am definitely an alcoholic I struggle to go a couple of days without grabbing a 4 pack from the shop. I think in the last 3 months the longest I've gone without a beer is 4 days and that was hard...The problem is I don't wake up in the morning feeling like crap often I feel better when I do drink. I go to work (where I have a lot of responsibilities) and without blowing smoke up my ass do a really good job regardless of my alcohol consumption the night before...Anyone else been in the same boat before? I know it's a problem I need to sort but at the minute I just can't see a way out any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

Hmmm... this may not be the news you want to hear.. Firstly though how much do you drink how old are you and how long have you been drinking? Some would say on here that when you 'start' not having hangovers it's actually a bad sign as it means your alcohol tolerance has gone up which leads you to need more and more alcohol with less breaks. It's a slippery slope my friend. ..If you think you have a problem you probably do. Hangover or not. ..The good news is.. Welcome you'll get some wonderful advice from people on this sub. ..Butterfly   
This is one of the scary fascinating things about alcoholism. At first I didn't have hangovers either. I learned that it is an early symptom of alcoholism and a sign that my body handled alcohol differently from others. ..As time passed alcohol started impacting my physical well-being but I could drink a lot more than others...another symptom of alcoholism. Soon I was a daily drinker and problems multiplied. You don't mention specific ways alcohol is affecting you although you do use the word "destroying" which makes me curious. ..When I had questions like yours I got a therapist and read *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam. 
Most of the time I didn't have hangovers even though I drank a lot the day before. Once a week or every couple of weeks though I'd feel REALLY shitty in the morning where I'd feel like I needed to sleep just a *little* bit longer to make the queasiness and pain go away enough to start my day. Afterwards I'd take a day or two off of drinking to feel normal enough to start drinking again. Then I'd start again and wake up "fine" for a little while longer and keep the habit going...After deciding to stop last week my mornings have been amazing. Sure I'm usually still tired and lazy and just want to stay in bed but not because I was trying to make the sickness go away... just because sleep feels good and I wanted to sleep more! It takes no effort to get my day started like it used to even if I didn't get much sleep the night before. I can be patient with my kids as they take forever to get ready and can't find their shoes or lunch boxes instead of snapping at them and trying to rush out the door. ..I'm a new man every morning now. I will not drink with you tonight--and I'll wake up better for it tomorrow!
Your genetics are a significant determining factor in how and how quickly you metabolize alcohol...I've almost never had a hangover. I think one of the reasons it took me so long to admit I wanted to quit was that there were no consequences (that I admitted to) to my drinking...I have a great job great family lots of friends I volunteer in the community etc. etc...Don't get me wrong I've done some stupid things while drinking and I've had my share of "there but for the grace of God go I" moments but in the big picture things were looking pretty good...I realized that just because alcohol hasn't had a really bad negative impact on me YET didn't mean that it wouldn't. It also didn't meant that I didn't have control over what I was doing...Anyway I was in a similar situation to you. I quit 2 1/2 week ago and it was a fantastic decision..
All great steps Ialix. Most of us 'lurked' and I certainly became 'addicted' to reading other people's posts. ..Driving to the party is a great move. However why put yourself at risk and still go to the party at all? Most people (myself included) on here would tell you that they have to put their sobriety first which means dry places and dry people at least for the first few months (AA will tell you longer). ..I have been on only two outings that included alcohol in my 52 days purposefully because I knew it would be hard. ..And it was hard. ..Just bear it in mind. ..Most of us liked to hole up like we had the flu for the first week and gave ourselves lots of sweet treats and TLC :) ..However if you feel you will be ok and it's better to get out the house then by all means do what you suggest. ..I'm really happy you're here! ..Butterfly   
I rarely had bad hangovers but one thing I noticed when I quit was that after a couple weeks I felt much better than I had while I was drinking. My baseline now is much higher than it was while I was drinking. ..Even though I didn't have a problem getting up and going to work everyday while I was drinking for two decades now that I don't drink I feel fantastic every morning. 
Drunk me would have been jealous! haha but sober me is thinking that's just a curse. My hangovers were THE WORST! But then again I was getting blackout drunk all the time. Ugh.
I generally did not get hangovers.  No headaches or puking as a rule.  What I got was poor sleep.  I would wake up and couldn't get back to sleep.  It was killing me.  I also tended to not guzzle the wine.  I usually drank it more slowly with food.  I'm not drinking with you today.
