-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71fa65/90_days_sober_and_ive_found_out_more_about_myself/

Without the help of lurking this subreddit I don't know where I'd be right now but I will be completely and shamelessly transparent. I ended up in the ER twice and jail 2 times and arrested another time (no jail) within the last few months of drinking. I had gotten in to bar fights street fights domestic fights and even self mutilation. The photo on the left was 90 days ago a day I blacked my own eye and broke my own nose by punching myself repeatedly. A few months prior to I almost died in a drunken car accident where I fractured my skull. My life was a nonstop spiral of brokenness anger and self loathing.  ..I woke up in the ER and told myself that was it. Sitting in a hospital bed having danced around death and facing a second degree felony I was done. I had been frustrated in me wasting my potential and talent for a while so I drunkenly applied to school and got in with a very impressive talent-based scholarship but understanding you're stagnating and actually making the steps to get better are not one in the same. ..I had to put the bottle down if I wanted to better myself. As embarrassing as it is to admit my 4-year-old daughter sees me as the greatest thing ever and even that wasn't enough for me to understand I was killing myself and not doing the best for her. ..I read something here that has always stuck with me though: When you drink you numb the bad yes but you also numb everything else... including the good. I numbed my passion my creativity my love and just me in general. Every time I wanted to relapse that quote would come back to me and I would envision my beautiful daughter. Denial kept me from seeking treatment sooner but it will no longer cause my absence in her most formative years. Denial kept me drinking but she will forever keep me sober....Today I finished my last final of the semester and received a 4.0. Today I am 90 days sober.  A few days ago my daughter said to me "you are the best mom of all of the moms!" Today I will not be drinking with you all. .. [before and after 90 days](https://imgur.com/a/JxsQy)
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;"you are the best mom of all of the moms!" ..Well it doesn't get any better than that!
I really enjoyed reading this. As I'm discovering life keeps getting better in sobriety as we discover who we really are what actually makes us happy and why we were medicating. It sounds like you are well on your way. 
My driving force to quit for good are my children. It's amazing what a better mother I am when I'm sober. It's not like I do any extra special stuff I'm just present aware and more engaged. When I'm.battling withdrawals I can barely care for them and when I'm on a bender I just sit on the couch and drink right infront of them.. breaks my heart. 
Congrats on the 90 days good grades and most of all being the best mom of all moms!  You look so much happier.
Congrats on 90 days!
You are very inspiring and it sounds like you are an awesome mom. I won't drink with you. 
I am wicked happy for you. Very inspiring. Look look of happiness in the second picture is infectious. 
This is so awesomely inspiring! Congratulations!!
I appreciate your transparency and thank you for your post! I'm so happy for you and glad that you're on this sub. 
Congrats on 90 days!
You're so much more beautiful. Congratulations on 90 days.  It only gets better and now that you aren't numbing the bad it will be so much easier to identify the cause and take steps to alleviate it which helps yourself so much.
Oh I just love this!!! Congrats on a your 90 day success your grades and turning your life around. Thank you for sharing your story I am so happy for you and so happy for your baby girl. Being a Mom is an amazing gift and although we make mistakes it's really great that we can make the change while they are still so young.
Wow a picture really is a thousand words..You are on the better side of a healthy future..Thank you for the honest and personal story..Thought provoking it is..Congratulations on your hard won gains..I will not be drinking with you today..
You have been to hell and back. .You got this. .You ARE strong. .You ARE the best mom of all the moms. .Don't beat yourself about your past (if you are) bit focus on the present and future... looks better than it ever has I am sure. ..Here's to the next 90 sober days. 
The now you has that light in your eyes that deadens when you're drinking (you can see it in the first photo). I've heard that quote about numbing the good &amp; bad when you drink. I think light you suddenly see in people's eyes when they've been sober for a while are the good feelings coming back. Congratulations!! :)
Nice going! My kid has done the same for me. I love it when he says "I am the bestest dad". :)
stunning. keep it up mama!
Well done you congratulations.
It's never over until it's over. Nice one. 
Go for 180
You're right alcohol numbs out living feeling &amp; being. Sounds like you are getting all this back in your life! Way to go. You're 4yo sounds adorable too!
I'm a month and 1/2 always glad to see these kinda posts. My 3 year old thinks I'm Captain America now LOL.
You *are* the best mom of all the moms! Keep up the great work; we are all very proud of you and I love your inspiring story...You look beautiful and it's in your eyes that it shows most. Keep being and making yourself happy! 
wow Congratulations! I am so happy for you! i will not drink with you today   
awesome work  - you look so much better off the booze - courage to you
Great work! Congrats onnthe 90 days!
You are brave clever and a great Mum x
Congrats!
I burst into tears reading your daughter's praise! That is so sweet. You're very brave and determined. I admire you a lot. I will not drink with you today!
And the journey has just begun!.
Congratulates 90 days is huge!! You have lovely eyes by the way. Hang in there!
This is why I "lurk".  To read the successes (and challenges) of others to see that change is possible.  "Numb" is exactly what I sought from booze/drugs and it worked too well with many consequences.  But no more just today no more for both of us it sounds like.  Happy for you!
Thats inspiring thanks
You are obviously very smart and talented.  Keep up the good work!
Congrats! Keep up the good work :) 
great post- thank you for sharing your truth! i can relate to the part of numbing your whole self- it happens so slowly it is hard to catch yourself before disappearing.......so glad we are both here and did not let that happen. 
You are absolutely sparkling in that second picture. I know so much what you mean with numbing the good. It dims your spirit. It's only been 8 days for me but I've been more productive and energetic than I have in ages. Well done you! 
You look glowy in the second photo! I'm also a fellow mom of a 4-year-old girl (hi!) and I have to say I'm so excited that she will grow up and hopefully never remember how out-of-it I was... I'm not drinking with you (on behalf of both our strong little ladies).Have a wonderful day and congrats on the 90 days
Very proud of you!!! Keep up the great work! 
That's just incredibly impressive...you ARE the best mom of all the moms....look what you are doing for you and for her.....much love stay strong and committed.  Trust me it is so worth it.
Congratulations! This is awesome
A friend once told me that "only good Mothers think that they're bad Mothers because truly bad Mothers wouldn't careless". This phrase really helps me during a brutal bouts of my Mom guilt. ..Stay stronger &lt; 3 .
Nice job!  I will not be drinking with you today :)
Whoa! Congrats! 90 days is a huge milestone. I realized after 90 days the intrusive thoughts about alcohol had subsided. It's amazing how things like creativity start bubbling up that have been suppressed for so many years. You look great!
Wonderful simply wonderful.  I can see you have a really happy future with your daughter.  
Thanks for sharing. I needed that inspiration today.  By the way I quit when my son was about 4. I'm still so grateful he didn't have an alcoholic mom growing up. Just know you owe it to yourself too. My son is now 30 and a happy well adjusted human being. I let my guard down  and  started to "moderate"... that worked for awhile but I'm back at quitting. It's still hard but worth it.... I won't drink with you today. 
Congratulations!  I am so happy for you and your little one.  You are a beautiful woman - but the picture on the right looks so good on you.  Keep up the great work!  And a 4.0 in school!  Woohoo!!
Bravo!
Thank you for the inspiring quotes and story. You are lovely inside and out. 
Whoa!!!! Photo difference is an all telling.  I found John Bradshaw's Homecoming series on Youtube invaluable for understanding self-hate.  Your little daughter is telling you the truth.  I won't drink with you today.  
Thanks for your wonderful story.  Last month I too was in ER after a drunken fall.  You just have to say enough is enough....you have and so do I. I will not drink with you today.
Amazing and probably the most inspirational posts I've read here.  ..Congrats and keep it going!..Not drinking with you today.
Great job! It was shocking to realize everything that I had numbed out for years too. I will not drink with you today!
Congrats
Keep up the good work and keep on healing. I hope to join you at 90 days soon!
I really enjoy your post. This is very inspiring and you look very happy (in the 2nd photo) :)
Those moments of clarity do come quickly in the first few months. Things that others take for granted completely amazed me quite honestly. Now I pretend I've always known these revelations because I'm a douchebag :)
Keep it going!! Well done. 
Congrats!  That's something to be proud of for sure.  You got this!
You're awesome.
