-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71gh28/still_struggling_to_make_sober_friends/

Like many of us who struggled with alcohol I made poor choices. One of those choices cost me my drivers license. I live in a rural area a small town of about 1300 people. There is a gas station and a bar. There's not much to do here. No way to really get out and meet people. Believe me I have tried. I met someone in AA who takes me to meetings in a bigger town about 30 minutes away. I meet people there that are super nice but I can't keep in contact with them. I can't hang out. One girl did pick me up one day and we had a great time but we both have jobs and she has 3 kids and is going through a divorce so our schedules don't really work out. I am struggling with depression. I am bipolar but I get the depressive a lot more than the manic(which also screws with me) and I've got PTSD that is complicating my life a lot. And just having nobody there to turn to makes it super complicated and hard. I need people. I don't know what to do. I feel like I am drowning and nobody is looking at the pool that's out in the middle of nowhere surrounded by corn fields and farmsteads. I just wanted to vent...Now I am grateful. I am grateful for the people I can call. I am grateful for another sober day. I am grateful for every chance that I get to become better. I am grateful for my higher power and it's love for me helping me get through this isolation and desperation...I do want to drink. Drinking was a friend when I had none. It warmed me up it made me feel good about myself and being alone wasn't so bad. I know all the negative consequences that come with my drinking and I also know that I will never be a normal drinker. I just know that people conversations and social activity is only a few blocks away at the bar. And I am home alone with my cats contemplating the meaning of life and if it's even worth living...so the threat to my sobriety is real. I have to fix this. I have to find a way to connect with others. How do I do that when I am afraid of people?
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry it is hard on the social front for you right now. I'm much less social sober too. This place got me through some tough times. I didn't really have anyone in real life to talk to about all this stuff...Congrats on 74 days!
Online friends are cool too my man. I have found alot through dating apps funny enough. It's not as hard as you think! I am scared of people too but someone once said to me that "if the moment you meet someone they have no inclination that you might be in the slightest bit worried about their opinion of you then they won't have a bad one" In other words fake it til you make it. And the rest is history. Best of luck out there.
This might be an unpopular opinion but can you move? A person's environment truly does have a huge impact on how they live I believe. In a place with more people and more going on it could be much easier and more pleasant to make sober friends build a sober life with stuff going on that sort of thing. 
