-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71jnfh/has_anyone_here_quit_alcohol_and_cigarettes_at/

I know most people suggest you tackle them one at a time but they really are both triggers to each other for me. For years all I loved to do is smoke and drink hand in hand. I've been trying to quit drinking and relapsing for a long time now. I realize I don't love these things and they are the source of many of my problems (physically emotionally socially professionally) and I want to start taking care of myself...Curious to hear your thoughts!
----------immediate responses--------

I quit smokes a year ago I kept drinking but ate peanuts or pretzels instead of smoking. It worked not bad for me. But I was not a smoker outside of  the drinking zone.
I quit alcohol and eating like a fat fuck at the same time. Fun times were not had. Quiting 2 things at the same time for me was hard. 
Quit smoking 10 years ago and never looked back! Chantix helped me quit. Trying to get off the sauce now for good!
Tom Waits quit both at the same time and in an interview he was asked what was the hardest part. He said "I don't know what to do with my hands." Not sure this is helpful but maybe there's some replacement technique to keep yourself busy when the cravings hit (for smoking anyway) or switching to an e-cig and tapering from there while you deal with the drinking. 
No. I moved to nicotine lozenges and hope to quit soon but alcohol is the main priority for me. I did give up cannabis after a few months without alcohol though so there is steady progress.
Yup  it was easiest for me to do it this way since they went together like peanut butter and jelly. 
[removed]
I quit smoking almost 10 years ago with Chantix.  I smoked 2 plus packs a day. Especially since I drank every day and of course I smoked more when drinking.  After a few prior attempts at trying to quit smoking I finally realized I had to quit the booze too or it wasn't going to stick because alcohol was a trigger for me. So I quit both.  Took Chantix for 3 months. Didn't drink for 4 to 6 months. Eventually I started drinking again and that was a mistake. Still no cigs tho. I couldn't have quit smoking without giving up beer. I even gave up coffee during that time because it was also a trigger for me.
I quit smoking 2 days after I quit the drink. The smoking reminds me of the drink and vice versa. There is no world for me where I can do just one of them. .. I was burst for the 1st week of quiting both high temperatures gut stuff fog head like nobodies business and the sweats. Holy Banana the sweats were immense.. Take a week out of work or whatever but get someone to visit daily to make sure you're alright if you feel too horrendous then get to a doctor. ..After the 1st week life started to get better though and I can thoroughly recommend booting both the addictions at your earliest convenience. ..The folks here at SD are great and r/stopsmoking will help with any musings you may have :).
I quit smoking two weeks after I quit drinking and honestly it made it so much easier for me. Granted when I was really stressed I would crave a cigarette but I learned to deal with it. I found that quitting while I wasn't drinking made it easier because I would smoke the most when I was intoxicated and because I wasn't drinking... I wasn't going out and wasn't spending time in bars that were filled with smoke or surrounded by friends who always had a cigarette in their hand...Best of luck!
