-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71jzrm/i_am_so_fucking_fed_up_with_relapsing_every_23/

It's almost like once I make that decision to go have a drink there is absolutely no stopping me. Then I royally fuck my life up for an entire week. This cycle has been going on for an entire year now and I'm not sure what to do. I still think it's stress related. I let it build and build then I crack. This is so fucking hard. I know I'll be fine for the next two months. Has anybody else struggled with this? This last episode was a fucking doozy. I humiliated myself at work. I like to think that embarrassment will be enough to keep me straight. But for how long? I'm beginning to consider seeing the doc about naltrexone. Therapy and the strong desire to quit clearly isn't cutting it. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I think you should do what you're considering...Your "decision" part is like mine. For me for example a bar is not a trigger. I can go to a bar and order a andwich and a soda and watch football and not feel any big urges...If I go to a bar TO DRINK that decision was made before I got there. At that point avoiding the bar is a big deal but so is avoiding anyplace that has alcohol...For me the decision to drink  is also stress-related. Basically I'm seeking medication. ..What has worked for me may not work for you and may be bad advice for most people. I go someplace where I can sit quietly hold my hands together close my eyes or look at nature acknowledge the urge to drink.  I try to imagine the time beyond that urge or when I didn't have that urge. Sometimes I clasp my hands together hard if the urge is strong and then release them as it eases or less stresssful thoughts come in.  I put some structure to the urge I guess look for its weaknesses or pattern. Delay delay...Often my urge to drink comes in the evening. I decide to drink yes but I keep trying to delay going out a few minutes at a time. I've gone to bed early watched dumb TV anything though usually just the quiet thing. I imagine the decision as a hard thing that softens and fades. It's a decision not a final decision. ..I get the 2-3 month cycle.. My drinking sometimes feels like a hard reboot on a computer. There are other choices that fill this function particularly backpacking.  Unfortunately drinking is more convenient. I tell myself can't change it let it go...Best of luck.
Its a tough lesson to learn that stopping isn't the hard part...its staying stopped that takes work. ..And here is the rub only by changing ourselves...at a deep emotional level are we able to not need to drink again. And we have to work on that for the rest of our life. ..It does get better though once you embrace it. Have you tried going to meetings? Naltrexone can work for sure and even with that you need to embrace the need to change.
I went 93 days sober and then decided to have one glass of wine. Ended up throwing up the next morning and unable to get out of bed until the afernoon. I thought to myself "Self this is why you went 93 days sober so get back on the sober train." You know what though? I didn't. I drank later that day and the next. It's like once you start it just can't stop. This trend lasted almost 2 months of drinking alot nearly daily. Better to not start at all.
