-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71k40a/layers_of_shame/

So I went to this workshop last night that my intuitive/psychic medium friend was hosting.  It was about removing the blocks of our "solar plexus" through art.  In case you're like "what the hell is a solar plexus?!" I'll explain it a bit.  We all have Chakras or energy centers in and around our body.  There are lots of them but we have seven major ones that run along our spine.  The root chakra is at the base of our spine the sacral chakra is right bellow our belly button the solar plexus chakra is just below the rib cage the heart chakra is at the center of the chest the throat chakra is in our throat the third eye chakra is at the center of our forehead and the crown chakra is located at the top of our head.  Each chakra or energy center is associated with different organs/physical functions and emotions/feelings.  The Solar Plexus chakra is our power center it's where we derive our courage strength will power sense of self and ego from.  It's associated with a golden yellow light.  ..When our Solar Plexus is out of balance we may lack self-esteem have co-dependency issues lack self-control have addictions experience depression/anxiety and also lack healthy boundaries (ex- always saying yes to people even though you want to say no).  It's also tied to our digestive health and an unbalance can cause ulcers poor digestion hypogylcemia diabetes asthma arthritis liver/kidney problems nerve pain/fibromyalgia and difficulty losing or gaining weight.  ..A lot of us with alcohol addiction have an unbalanced Solar Plexus.  Even though I'm nearing my "3 years sober" mark I still struggle with lots of blocks and imbalance around my Solar Plexus.  So I decided it would be beneficial to take this workshop.  And I'm glad I did.  I didn't realize or at least was in denial of how much shame I still carry from my alcoholism.  I drank to black-out rates for 14 years of my life.  I hid my problem from everyone.  I knew for about 10 of those 14 drinking years that I had a problem that the way I drank was different than the way everyone else around me drank.  And I tried to quit.  So many times I tried.  I was so depressed and desperate and I kind of just surrendered to the fact that I would just have to live with this problem because I couldn't control it.  I couldn't control my desire to drink my need to drink.  I would do so good refraining from alcohol for weeks sometimes months.  Then I would convince myself that I had self-control.  And at first I did.  But before I knew it I'd spiral into my blackout drinking and be right back where I started.  I hated this viscous cycle I put myself through.  I felt so trapped with no way out.  My body amazed me that it kept going it kept functioning despite all the poison I was abusing it with.  I had no regard for my body I used it as a way to get high a way to escape my mind that constantly tortured me with negative self-talk.  I was putting my body through the ringer and I knew if I didn't stop I would die a slow painful death or overdose and cut my life way too short.  I didn't want to go on like that.  I couldn't...After my first 6 months of sobriety I was so proud of myself.  I was on this sort-of "sober-high."  I couldn't believe that I had existed half of a year in my 20s without a drop to drink.  Something I thought was impossible to do was all of a sudden possible.  I started to really love myself and to love my body...After the first six months that "sober buzz" wore off I returned back to earth back to everyday life.  I didn't really think much of my sobriety or how proud of myself I was anymore I just kept living.  I teared up on my 1 year sober anniversary and felt really proud of m myself again and then again went on to everyday life.  My 2 year sober anniversary brought about those same proud feelings and then again I drifted back to reality.  I'm not open about my sobriety.  If someone asks I'll tell them (if I don't feel like they're going to judge me) but other than that I keep my sobriety to myself...Yesterday at this Solar Plexus workshop we did some "mirror work" which is simply staring into your own eyes in a mirror.  We did this for 4 minutes.  About halfway through I started to tear up.  And if there weren't other people around I probably would have bawled my eyes out.  I recognized the strength I have within me to come all this way in my sobriety.  I felt proud of myself again.  I felt a deep sense of self-love.  And I also recognized how heavy my shame still was.  I carry around this shame like it's a body part a vital organ actually.  I can't detach from it it makes me feel safe.  If no one finds out that I'm sober I won't have to admit to the world that I'm &lt;gasp&gt; an alcoholic.  I won't have to risk ridicule and judgement from people that can happily and easily enjoy just one glass of wine people that will never understand what it's like to be me.  I feel resentment that one drink doesn't turn into ten for them. ..Then a sudden urge to stop giving a shit about what other people think comes over me and I want to boast about my sobriety.  To scream from the rooftops:.."I'm so fucking proud of myself for being sober !!!!!" ..But it's short lived.  And then I collect all those layer of shame and stick them right back into my solar plexus where I feel like they belong.  Because it's just easier that way...So I ask if you've successfully released all of your "layers of shame" how did you do it?  What advice do you have for someone like me who can't seem to shake it off someone who is so fearful of being judged.  I want to let it go I really do it's just so hard...
----------immediate responses--------

You've been sober for almost 1000 days! I would think that would would be enough to blast your chakras from this dimension to the next like the rainbow a care bear shoots...I am still working on accepting myself and putting shame behind me. Every new accomplishment helps this week I learned how to pop the pin out of a bike chain. Try to tackle a project you've had on your horizon might help you out.
I love love love this post. Congratulations on your sobriety! What you're saying about the solar plexus rings very true to me. I'm even  developing hypoglycemia (after gastric bypass surgery 10 years ago). There are so many layers of shame. Unfortunately I haven't made it to sobriety quite yet and I woke up this morning feeling that pain of failure. I think that working through the solar plexus and getting it healthy again is something that I need to do. It's a very bright idea (no pun intended). ..Personally I haven't done work with chakras or other energy work. That may be a really good place for me to start. I'm actually on my path to becoming an astrologer. My astrological work has actually allowed me to identify various emotional dynamics that compel me to keep on drinking. Like I intellectually know what's going on and how to stop (step 1: don't drink alcohol lol). My problem is integrating that into action. It feels like my drive and action is dissociated from my desires. ..Even though I haven't made it yet I've been on my path to sobriety for over a year. I've done the research self-work and discovery and informed myself. I'm not in denial that I'm an alcoholic. My alcoholism causes me great depression and emotional imbalance. I've reduced my drinking and drink with relative moderation now don't have blackouts like I used to though they still happen. I've enrolled in therapy I've started going to the gym and got a personal trainer and have a support system. I'm committed. I just can't wait until it leaves me for good. Sometimes I have to remind myself that even though I'm not yet sober I've done a lot of work to get myself there. And I will not stop trying. ..Thanks again for this post I found it very helpful and insightful. Maybe you can share some solar plexus clearing techniques? ..As I'm writing this comment I looked up some astrological archetypes that have a theme of shame. The planet Saturn deals with psychological shame and repression and the archetype of Scorpio deals with pain darkness death and ultimately rebirth and liberation. An archetype known as the Twelfth House deals with the subconscious and represents the emotions that we repress and hide from ourselves. I think that understanding these archetypes can be useful because you can look to the polar opposite to see how to balance it out. To start I looked up the antonym of "shame" and I got "pride glory honor".  Those correspond to the archetype of the Sun and the sign of Leo. Interestingly enough Leo deals with the heart... and the corresponding chakra is the solar plexus! So literally releasing layers of shame is the empowerment of the solar plexus. Saturn is the last visible planet and it's icy and far away. The Sun is the brightest object in the sky. Again this polarity points to balancing the solar plexus.  The opposite of Scorpio is Taurus which represents stability and feelings of self-worth. So to remove layers of shame one has to improve their stability in life and feel healthy pride and self-esteem. The opposite of the 12th House of the subconscious is the 6th House of health and service. Meaning to work out that subconscious shame the key is in fitness and getting healthy in order to be of service to others by  helping and being there for people. What this points to me is that one can gain that sense of self-worth (Taurus) through fitness and helping others (6th house) which empower feelings of pride in yourself (Leo). I think it's so interesting how these archetypes tie in together in the most practical of ways. ..And hell fucking no I'm not drinking tonight.  
Today I am truly and profoundly grateful *to be* an alcoholic. This disease forced me to find a spiritual solution and live it every day. I am also thankful (on a good day) for every misfortune since that time that has furthered me in my journey toward enlightenment. And I absolutely don't look forward to the inevitable pain in my future but today I am committed to use it to continue my growth. ..Believe it or not if someone offered me a miracle cure for my alcoholism I wouldn't take it. This disease does not define me but it is a part of who I am and I like who I am. Others' opinions on this matter are irrelevant. I am as ashamed of having alcoholism as I would be of having hypertension or diabetes or any other chronic illness and I am deeply grateful that my particular disease has an effective spiritual solution.
Congratulations on turning your life around... it's incredibly inspiring!..And yeah there are a few people in my life who will certainly use my sobriety as a way to look down on me (they did it back when I was sober for a 5 year stretch some 20 years ago).  ..But in the time when I was drinking again I discovered that those particular people were always looking for anything to put me down so I have tried to not take them too seriously and even use those instances to practice forgiveness...All of that is of course easier said than done but one thing is for certain I can handle those judgmental people way better when I'm sober (I don't tend to add to my shame by losing my temper)...
Yeah I get it.  I kinda feel like sobriety is a "well duh" moment for most normal drinkers.  Like my achievement is just a basic norm for most folks.  But then I think about all of my "normie" friends and family who don't have drinking problems and they STILL can't fathom completely not drinking.  So then I remember that it actually IS a big accomplishment to remain sober in this alcohol-soaked world and that we are just ahead of the curve in self-care and self-love.  I try to remember that staying sober is active self-love and that SO MANY people struggle with this.  So to me you're a warrior.  And I'll stay sober with you today.
Hey I don't know if this will be helpful at all. But I held a lot of hate towards myself mostly about my drinking but also because I had a baby and an awful relationship and no family support (they're all in a different country) and then the awful relationship broke up and I was on my own as a single parent and things were so hard and I just judged the shit out of myself. I think that's what tipped me into alcoholism is just the stress and the anger and the hate I held towards myself...After I had stopped drinking for a few months is when it started to lessen; I usually would have a tiny problem that would catapult me into an internal monologue of why I was such a piece of shit and would spiral down for awhile haha. Super fun. But I remember one day something small happened and I teared up and started on my way down and something sort of stopped me internally I was like hang on a minute. You are doing your very best. You quit drinking a huge accomplishment and you are on your own and you are doing your best. So why do you hate yourself so much? And in the mornings when I used to do my usual morning routine of self loathing I started to make a list of why I was so bad and I didn;t have anything to put on the list. ..I think in part it was because of the time I spend here. Relapse posts especially when people post feeling ashamed and depressed and people comment to say that we are all working on it and lots of kindness and positivity. And to be honest that helped change the judginess in me towards other people. And I guess by extension I was kinder to myself? ..I've also been working a little bit on chakras though I'm starting on my sacral chakra and it sounds a little silly but I went on youtube and searched "yoga sacral chakra" and found this video with yoga and chanting and despite myself I felt something in me shifting a little. Since I was at home I could try and do it unselfconsciously (though even alone I'm self conscious!). Maybe something like that could help you trying that same mirror activity at home where you can release without fear of judgement? I feel like for me that blockage is rooted deep inside me (for me it's the sacral stuff sex shame etc) so even if I tried to logic it out it can't really be accessed that way. The chanting and stuff that doesn't seem like it would work seems to help access it on a deeper level. Though all that said and sorry for the long reply haha I'm still on one of the first chakras and have a long way to go :) 
I found the Louise hay affirmations about self love suuuuuper helpful you can find hundredth on YouTube. Also I have started inner child work with a book called the homecoming by john Bradshaw this helps so much because most of my shame and problems lay so much deeper. Lastly I stumbled across the book the 30 day sobriety solution which is a huge help. It's a solution you have to work through each day. And in there there. Is on called the total truth process. It guides you through a written process to let go of all the hate guilt grudges whatever it is that keeps you stuck. And you basically do this process with every person you hold something against also yourself. And boy does this help. It's such a good feeling to let go person by person bit by bit. Hope this might be interest for you. 
