-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71rn67/is_avoiding_situations_where_people_drink_around/

i have been thinking about this. ..well you just decided to stop drinking and several days are gone. now you have a chance to attend some party where friends are going to drink or literally any other event or situation where alcohol is featured. what should you do? is voluntarily keeping yourself from these kinds of situations doing actually good or bad for you?..at first glance it seems logical that you better avoid any indirect contact to alcohol to keep yourself from relapsing as exposure to alcohol induces cravings...but maybe it can cause worse. shouldn't we try to get used to not drinking in situations where others drink? because how long are we going to avoid these kinds of situations? rest of life? if we don't try to desentisize to drinking situations then we are going to immediately relapse as soon as we finally attend some party...what should we actually do?
----------immediate responses--------

This is going to be the hardest part for me. I've also battled with weight issues and have refused to go to gatherings because of the difficulty they bring upon me to keep my hands from putting food into my mouth. It sucks. There's no good answer to this question.
At this point I don't think about it.  I have no reason to go to bars so it's not really a big thing.  The only other place I really associated with drinking was the golf course.  I thought it'd be tough to play golf without drinking but I've found that it's way more fun without boozing because I'm apparently a MUCH better golfer sober.  ..But if you feel tempted to drink somewhere don't go there.  I don't feel tempted to drink in the places I go now but if I did I wouldn't go to those places.  Don't set yourself up for failure I guess is what I'm saying.  I wouldn't avoid going to parties (not that anyone invites me anymore after I've made an ass of myself so many times while wasted) but if I knew it was gonna be a boozefest I probably wouldn't go.  Not because I'd be tempted to drink but because drunk people aren't that fun to be around anymore.
I avoided for my first couple weeks. Maybe after I hit one month I'll feel more comfortable but right now I'm just focusing on my sobriety and diet
It depends.  For the first six months or so I avoided places where people were drinking and having a good time because it triggered me...At this point I don't mind being around responsible drinking (my mother in law having her monthly glass of wine; attending holiday parties with alcohol) but I leave if drinking is the focus of the event or if everyone is drunk...This might seem like a weird metaphor but to me it's like sports: I'm not interested in sports and don't want to play them.  Do I leave a gathering if someone brings up football?  Hell no.  Would I ever go to a Superbowl party? Hell no.
We're all different so should do what suits our own recovery...For the first couple of months I avoided any event where there was alcohol apart from work-related things. After a while I realised that I just didn't care any more if others were drinking around me. It kinda reinforces my belief that I'm doing the right thing...I can only handle a few hours though. I leave and go home before the serious drinking starts. I've noticed that a lot of people do that. I didn't really notice in the past because I was into the drinking more than anything...I don't generally end up in those situations very often nowadays though. Most months I wouldn't go to a bar or party but sometimes I just need to feel like I'm still part of society.
I think it depends on a lot of things. Who you are... The type of event it is... The people that will be there... Etc. In general I avoid situations I don't want to be apart of. With that said I don't ever miss weddings funerals or the company xmas party... I just sober them out. It's important to me to show up to occasions and show support for the things I care about and abstain from the things I don't.  At first I would recommend abstaining from these activities completely so you can find your bearings again then as you're comfortable reintroduce social situations where alcohol is present. Best of luck
it took me about 3 months before I was comfortable hanging around drinkers again.  Now I go out and hang out at bars and all is does help me stay sober.  People are really really stupid when they're drunk it turns out.  Once people go to "shark mode"  (cold dead eyes with nothing going on behind them)  that's usually my cue to leave because at that point the annoyingness will increase 10 fold. 
Early sobriety it's better to avoid drinking gatherings in my opinion. Once you reach that point where you honestly don't want to drink it's ok to go. It's hard the first few times having to deny drinks and answer "why aren't you drinking" questions but it gets easier and actually feels good. Even though I have relapsed A LOT over the past 2 years I'm now known as a non-drinker among most of my friends. It's honestly easier for me to stay sober when I have people expecting me to say no to alcohol. It makes me sick thinking about relapsing in front of people who think I'm not drinking. I relapse when I am alone and bored and nobody will know...I don't tell people "I've been sober for X days" because I don't want to. People just know I'm trying to be healthy and drinking isn't for me any more. I imagine it's much harder for early 20's but I'm late 20's and most people around me are super cool with the not drinking and trying to be healthy angle. I like not drinking at events...You also get compliments about looking younger and losing weight because they are true...Don't go if you are worried but it gets easier over time.
I personally believe if I avoid situations were people are drinking then I'm still allowing alcohol to control my life albeit in a different way than before. I refuse to allow that to happen...
I know this is a cliche but only you know what's best for you. My own drinking had become so antisocial that it was kind of a moot point until I went out of town last weekend to meet up with a friend who wanted to go for drinks. I wound up telling her I'd quit and she was great about it even asking me if we needed to go somewhere else; I said I felt fine (I did) and we stayed and enjoyed nonalcoholic drinks and some delicious snacks. It worked out and I don't regret a thing...On the other hand I wouldn't like going anywhere where the whole point of being there was to drink. Does that make sense? I can be "around" alcohol but I don't want to be somewhere where it's the whole point. Mainly because drunk people are obnoxious!
I love sports.  I love playing sports.  I love watching sports.  Unfortunately the people that are involved in the same sports that I play or watch love drinking.  Should I stop playing sports because there is alcohol involved after the game?  Hell no.  I'm not going to deny myself that enjoyment.  I'm not going to make my teammates feel bad for drinking after the game; the same way I would expect them to not make feel bad for not drinking.  Too bad it doesn't always happen that way - at least not at the beginning.  Eventually some of your teammates will get onboard and accept it - some faster than other - but they will get there.  Some won't but hey you can live with that right?
I think that going to these events benefited me and showed me that yes I can enjoy things sober. I hate it when people treat me different because I have a drinking problem. I'll talk to my coworker about beer and not even bat an eye. He knows I quit drinking and sometimes he'll have to correct himself to talk to me about events. But I'm like dude I have plenty of expereince drinking we can talk about beer I just don't drink lol.
