-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/71rtkj/i_am_struggling_so_bad/

Not only with being sober which hasn't happened yet but just struggling with everything. Life relationships health emotions. I've felt so uneasy and in such a weird place over the last month or so. What is going on?   just feeling down and trying my hardest to not get off of work and drink today. And make another day 1. 
----------immediate responses--------

When my drinking was out of control my life was also out of control.  It was impossible for me to maintain everything in my life while getting blackout drunk on a nearly daily basis.  ..Quitting drinking was the key for me to even remotely have the ability to start to handle everything in my life.  Life isn't easy without alcohol and I found it nearly impossible and so unnecessarily difficult when drinking.  My life is far from perfect or easy but it's so much better without having to deal with my addiction to alcohol...The key for me quitting was this sub.  I spent so much time on here early on for accountability and to educate myself and to get support.  It was invaluable.
Anxiety maybe? I'm sorry you're struggling so much. I've been there. Do you have a plan for after work? Friday nights are really difficult.
I find that drinking affected everything in my life and usually made it much worse. since i quit and got through withdrawals i am still kind of fragile but i am not afraid and i am not feeling ill. so its better. you got this.
I was having a really bad day yesterday not from anything in particular just in a bad mood. Of course I started to think about drinking. I came to this sub and started reading posts. It helped a lot. I played the tape forward. ..Just like one day at a time one thing at a time. You'll already be accomplishing something major by not drinking today. Then maybe the other areas you want to work on won't seem as difficult. Maybe try to think of a plan for what you want to do when you get off work. Even just the simple stuff. What do you want to have for dinner?  What new movie or show could you watch? This helps me sometimes. Stay strong. IWNDWYT
In a couple days it should calm quite a bit.  Hang in there.
When I quit drinking I had to clean up the mess I made while drunk. It was quite the mess. Stopping drinking was just the first step in my journey towards sobriety. ..Day three is a tough one! You've got this! I won't drink with you today. 
First week is hard. Really hard. It's because all of our receptor chemicals in our brain are designed for the addiction of alcohol telling us we need it and it makes us feel better.  The anxiety lasted with me for a good month before I felt I could really breathe again. Maybe think about it as just having enough time to reset. You have been doing alcohol for a while? It's an experiment you are doing with yourself and ...you are the winner no matter what happens. 
