-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7212gp/i_made_the_decision_to_enter_rehab_but_im/

I'm a 29 year old male.  Last Sunday night I had my last drink (well probably about 20 drinks starting at 8am that morning).  That night I told my long term girlfriend and my parents (both very supportive) that I needed in-patient treatment.  Also the company I work at is supportive - basically i have all the support I could want.  Monday-Thursday I put myself through a self mini detox - probably dangerous.  I was shaking violently on the floor fever then chills sever panic attacks etc.  (But I have done this type of self withdrawal 100+ times before).  By Wednesday we had a list of a three rehab centers in a 300 mile radius.  They varied from more traditional (like Hazelden) to a more 'exclusive/luxury' type rehab center that utilizes some 12-step holistic CBT DBT fitness nutrition treatment.  Overall they (claim) to offer a more individualized treatment program because there are only 5-12 patients there at any given time.  I visited two of places yesterday.  I feel like either could work but I almost feel a desire to 'punish' myself and by going to the more traditional facility - even though I don't resonate a ton with 12-step from the meetings and iop treatment i've had.  The schedule at the traditional facility is more rigorous (by the minute) many more patients roomates no cell phones etc.  The problem now is that I am past the point of 'medical necessity' - as in I don't need detox or immediate medical supervision.  Which as some of you may know means that my insurance (which is very good) will be much less likely to cover treatment.  Total BS in my opinion (and many doctor's i've talked to).  For the more traditional facility there is a waiting list - it could be a week or even two before they could admit me.  From talking to coordinators there (who are vague) I think it is because the medical necessity patients take priority for 'beds' in the facility.  I don't feel like I can wait up to two weeks.  I need to make this decision and go to a facility asap.  I am also not willing to relapse and drink just so I can go to detox and get medical necessity better insurance and probably faster admittance.  So that leaves me with the more 'exclusive' treatment center.  Same thing applies - I won't have medical necessity there either but they can take me immediately.  I am so conflicted.  I want rigorous treatment - and maybe this more luxury facility will provide that.  I want to work hard and address the issues of my addiction.  I want to start to heal the wounds I've caused between myself and my girlfriend.  I need treatment and am willing to work hard at it.  But I don't want to embarrassed to go to a 'cushy' rehab center...Does anyone have experience with more 'exclusive' rehab facilities?  I know every one is different but I'm just so emotionally exhausted and I feel like I can't make decisions.  I'm second guessing everything - their approach their staff the fact that they have been a bit vague about the clinicians and experts who work there etc.  Please help.  I am lost and frustrated and am not in a good place.  I just need help...  **EDIT:  Ignore my badge if it says 500 days (hah! i wish).  I just reset it...
----------immediate responses--------

For me I could find a reason to justify that a rehab wasn't going to work i.e. it was too lenient or it was too restrictive... when I finally went it it was to the first place that I knew I could spend at least 30 days. I didn't even tour it. Just showed up signed up and became part of the program...I knew I'd drink again if I stayed out on the street. Thus when I was ready I went to the first place on my insurance that had space available and would give me 30 days.
Dear god that place sounds amazing. Go to there!! I find allowing myself comfort and beauty to be more supportive to my work than a ton of rules but I'm sure it'll be regimented enough either way.
Rehab was one of my best decisions but I didn't decide on the facility. Since I didn't have money the county or some agency must have paid for it because I don't remember getting a bill. My therapist told me where the rehab was and I went. ..The "more exclusive rehabs" will just cost more. Mine certainly wasn't one of those but I got well. I listened learned laughed followed the rules and hung with people who wanted to get well. I kept an open mind. I was desperate which was a blessing because it meant I was willing to do anything to get better. ..I'm sorry you can't get in someplace affordable right away...I hope you have gone through your final detox. Please caution anyone you know in a similar situation to get a medical opinion about their detox needs. Alcohol withdrawal is nothing to mess with! ..As for waiting lists. I would just keep calling because often someone or more will leave unexpectedly and thus leave an opening. ..I don't think it is necessary to spend lots of money for rehab in order to get well. You have a great attitude and are motivated. I wish you all the best. Please stay in touch.
