-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7256nx/i_just_wanted_to_thank_the_resetters/

I had a hard time this weekend. I really had an urge to go out and just party. However fortunately I stayed in and mainly "wasted" my time on reddit ; ). ..The main motivation behind my decision to stay in was looking up and searching for posts about relapse and badge resets. Although I feel terrible for the "resetters" who post feeling awful their posts really helped me to remember those awful feelings of shame defeat and guilt that we have all felt at some point in our addiction. The posts really helped to remind me of that pain. ..I guess I just really admire those who post about their relapses. I believe it is a very brave and honest action to take and I know from experience that it strengthens the resolve of othes. ..So thank you to those who relapsed/ reset and posted their story this weekend. Your honestly helped me stay honest. ..To Day 28! ..Whether you're retarting on day 1 or you're going strong on day 1000 I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Really good point the Resetters are a huge part of the strength generosity of our community. I also extend my thanks and solidarity: I will not drink with you today!
Someone yesterday pasted a badge re-setter stimulator (not me I don't deserve credit for this) but it is a very powerful tool https://sd.bot.nu/reset/
I agree. The reset posts are very motivating. Mostly they remind me to not even have that first drink. ..I could have easily fallen into the  just have one  trap last night but decided it would be best if I went home early instead. I was home by 8pm on a Saturday. It can feel a little lonely and that I am missing out on some fun but this morning I am glad I made that decision. 
4 weeks knocking at your door! Congrats in advance!
It's my time to shine! But seriously hangovers suck. And for a lot of people on here it seems it's not just a headache it's horrible anxiety and fear and anger and hurt. Yeah. Don't forget that. 
So perfectly put. I will not drink with all of us today.
Thank you from a re-setter. I was embarrassed to post about re-setting but it felt good to be thoroughly honest about it. Can you believe I was worried that people here would think I was a loser for having to re-set? The people here are so much better than that and I should have known that :-) Thank you for letting us know that our posts help others..
I do the same thing -- look up people's stories. Their stories are mine in the making and I feel like I learn from them as well. 
Your beautiful post reminds me of the spiritual concept of people who go through things in order to ease the burden on others. Bodhisattvas for instance keep returning again and again to earthly existence until all beings are free. And so they are not criticized for enduring cycles of suffering; they are honored and considered holy. They go through the fire fights and teach us the lessons and they keep on demonstrating the courage humility resilience and generosity we aspire to. ..Every time a person comes here and shares their struggle they are easing a thousand burdens making a thousand people feel less alone less ashamed less defeated..
Agreed! It takes courage to own up to the slips and inspires me/others to continue this journey. Great post!
It takes strength of character and a desire for change to admit to a slip or a relapse. I admire those who come back over and over again trying one more time.  I think some who slip think 'fuck it' and go back to drinking. I know I've done that in my past attempts to quit(before I joined SD). If I relapse I hope I have the strength to face it reset and try again.
Glad to hear it. I've reset my badge several times this year. It's constant effort but it's worth it. Every facet of my life has improved this year. I'm in better shape physically mentally and emotionally. My relationships are getting better all the time. ..Keep at it! I won't be drinking with you today!
Thank you. I just reset my badge as well. I'll try to remember this the next time I'm struggling 
I'm gonna be alone later and I was thinking I could have some beers and start over tomorrow but I kept thinking about the posts I read every day from people who think the same thing and end up back in their old patterns. So yeah I agree that I appreciate the courage it takes to publicly admit you goofed up.
I had a rest in July after two weeks. Then I had to do another one just a few days ago after being away for six weeks. I don't feel great about it but I am here again. Hope I can stay longer this time. 
[removed]
I deleted about a month ago because my ID was the same as a real-world ID that I use.    After I sobered up I realized I might need a bit more privacy.   So not every deletion needs to be cause for alarm...I do give props to people sharing their own accountability with us and continuing to fight on.   Reset away if you must!
I just had to have a reset myself.  Trying to  just see it as a learning experience and quickly move on.   In the past I'd either dwell on it too hard and beat myself up or see one slip as an excuse to just open the flood gates and drink whenever I wanted and I don't think either of those really benefited me.   I did make progress and mostly go the whole summer without drinking which is huge and I don't want to discount that work for one weekend. Next time I will I know better. 
Wow good call ty....
Oops. Just reset my badge. 
Word..  We're social creatures: Community is vital :)..  IWNDWYT !!
Good call. It's a regular but a vital thing that people can be open and honest here. Honesty really is the best policy for addicts (IMO) denial is what destroys you.
