-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/725pzm/3_months_free_of_alcohol/

I woke up in a clean and organized room today and also remembered that I've woken up hangover free for the last 91 days!  I am grateful for that. I love mornings now and working on changing my wake up time to 5am. I moved to a bigger room and have my small elliptical machine in the room now so hopefully I can get in 30mins of exercise in the morning. Please let me know how you get yourself to exercise in the mornings! I just want to drink my coffee and read posts here for two hours before I get ready for work. I need to get ready for work by 6:30am so I have an hour and a half to divide between exercise and coffee/reading time. ..I am also working on having some sort of a savings. I am trying to take classes so I can get a promotion in my job before November/December. I cook at home for the most part but I still spend $12-20 on food few times a week and I want to cut that out completely for October. ..The biggest struggle I'm having right now though is quitting smoking. I went 10 days then got stressed out and bought a pack. That pack lasted 7 days then I attempted to quit again. I lasted 6 days then smoked three cigs yesterday since I was cleaning and moving all day. Today is back to day 1 of not smoking. I have tried all the tools I learned here and what worked for me to stop drinking. I have taken it one day at a time. I have gone to bed early. I have realized that Friday and Saturday's are the hardest because I'm less busy. However I am still struggling with it. I won't quit quitting cigs though. I hate it and now that I'm trying to improve and take care of my physical and mental health it has no place in my life. ..Well I have to go shower go grocery shopping and cook for the week so thank you for reading and hope you enjoy your Sunday. ..I won't be drinking with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Sadly I initially read the title of this post as:.."3 months of free alcohol!"..lol..In any case great work! Very impressive...I will not drink with you today.
"I just want to drink my coffee and read posts here for two hours before I get ready for work."..Same! Can you read / comment while on the elliptical? Or at least read and save the ones you want to comment for later? ..Good luck with the cigs no experience with that but have heard it is tough. And you can do it. :-)
Sleep in your work out clothes! It's so nice to be able to roll out of bed and be ready to go. Good luck with the smoking!
Great job! Look at how much better you feel!.I exercise in the morning too. I get my work clothes packed the night before so I just roll out of bed when the alarm goes off grab my gear and hit the gym before I know what I'm doing - lol. It works..I enjoy getting to work a half hour early to have my coffee read these posts and get ready for my day. I LOVE these mornings without the hangovers guilt and dreading the day! .Also I've heard it's harder to quit smoking than drinking. My brother was recently diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He quit drinking but smokes - even after chemo :-( Try cutting back on cigs even if you don't quit. Maybe cutting back by a cig or two every day will do the trick. .I will not drink or smoke with you today!.
Thank you! Quitting cigs is so hard I'm glad you don't have to deal with that struggle. .I don't think I can read while on the elliptical since I'm clumsy and need to use both hands. I'll just blast my favorite music and get through the 30mins until my body gets used to it..Thank you for the encouragement!
Congratulations! I would also like to start exercising in the morning but am not sure I can fit it in. Need to give up my candy cravings! Have you considered using the nicotine patch to quick smoking? I used it for 3 months to get over the habit of smoking which is tougher to get beyond than the nicotine itself. I've been a non smoker for over 25 years now. Good luck and pat yourself on the back for a job well done!
