-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/729r79/i_just_dont_think_i_can_do_it_as_long_as_i/

Today is day 1. I have had many many day 1s. I keep thinking I am doing better with my mental health until I try going a night without the one thing that makes me feel better. I genuinely am losing the confidence that I'll be able to do it and I certainly know this will not be my last day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't even begin to work on my mental health without quitting drinking first. It has made things that I need to work on much more clear. I also see a therapist regularly and try to exercise as much as I can. It's been helping. Next goal for me is a meditation practice. 
Just think about today.  You can do today.  ..I personally found great peace and clarity after about 8 months of not drinking.  I think my brain was able to rewire itself.  I stopped taking my antidepressants about 2 months ago and I feel great.  I guess I just wanted to share my experiences...Stay strong.  Good luck to you.
Personally my mental health was awful when I was drinking almost every night... alcohol is a depressant mood-altering drug and cumulatively it makes things so much worse in that regard than they might otherwise be.....With the right help and support to get through the difficult initial withdrawal period and now nearly 3 months sober my mental health is much better than it was... still not as good as it could be perhaps but I'm in a much better place to deal with things in a healthier and less destructive way than drinking.....If what you've tried so far hasn't quite worked try something different until you find the right combination of techniques and support to make it stick!..Hope that helps and I won't drink with you today!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Do you have any resources to help? There are so many forms of mental illness and impact is all differently. I know my friends with more severe forms have a much harder time than I do with just depression and anxiety. ..I hope you can find help and strength. 
just focus on today! Alcohol worsens everything and just prevents you from dealing with other problems. .As long as we believe that alcohol is doing us a favor we won't be able to get rid of it. Stay strong and let us know how you are doing. We are here for you. I will not drink with you today! .
I'll be honest - I didn't even really try to quit drinking until I had a few years of therapy under my belt. I did not have enough of a solid foundation of healthy coping skills to handle life sober. ..Little by little I gained strength in myself (I was diagnosed/treated with PTSD which was the 'big one' of my mental health issues) and THEN I started to work on quitting booze.  We're all different - I was too fucking raw from everything else I was dealing with mentally to give up booze either.  Eventually I got to the point where I felt like I needed to try.  Had lots of rough starts. ..Anyway you can get there - it might not be linear but I can say from this side that my mental health is greatly improved by sobriety.  Maybe it's baby steps and that's ok. You're on a journey towards health &amp; that's the important thing. 
