-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/729ym3/hitting_the_seltzer_water_hard_tonight/

I'm feeling incredibly crappy about myself after relapsing on Friday and completely regretting everything I did. Stayed up all night last night feeling terrible about my choices. I'm only on a few hours of sleep. ..I brought this up before but I feel like I need to talk about it just to get through. ..I lost my job at the beginning of July. With it I lost my insurance and access to diabetes meds. So I cut out carbs and sugar which meant cutting out beer. Beer wasn't terrible for me. I could drink just a few and be okay. Many nights it was a six pack occasionally more. But I was functioning. Not being hung over or doing embarrassing things. ..When I quit beer I picked up vodka. And man it didn't take long for that to spiral out of control. It was way too easy to drink too much. Before long I was drinking twice as much and more. I lost 35 lbs from cutting out the carbs and sugar so it hit me hard. ..I've blacked out. I've driven a few blocks drunk. Fell on my face and many other things. Unexpected bruises. Said things to friends that didn't make sense. This was not the person I was. I'm so ashamed. So incredibly ashamed. ..I'm alone. I don't have anyone to talk to. I'm depressed. But I can't drink. I can't be that person that does these things. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your honesty. Your post hit simlar notes to the way I am feeling tonight. ..Your sentence that hit hardest was your feeling of being alone. We may be only connected digitally but know that in SD your are NEVER alone. You are supported and understood. ..I am commenting early but am confident that your fellow SD Redditors are about to let you know that you are not alone at all. We will all support you. Know that when you are stronger you will help support others in order to pass on your strength and experience too. 
you're not alone! I know it's a clich  but things will get better. I only wish you the best. stay strong! I will not drink with you today! ..
you're not alone! I know it's a clich  but things will get better. I only wish you the best. stay strong! I will not drink with you today! ..
Hope you're feeling a bit better. You're in my thoughts. I will not drink with you today.
