-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72c4hb/for_all_the_lurkers_and_day_oneers/

I have been a functioning drunk for over 20 years thirty pack every two days more on weekends. I am tired of being a slave. I want control of my life. My whole life and schedule revolved around beer. Being a responsible and disciplined drunk I had to be home right after 5 pm seven days a week so I could pop my first top. I hated myself for it and my family suffered most. I lurked on here for better part of a year off and on. I tried halfheartedly a few times not getting past day two..Last week after my wife and teenage daughters went to bed early as usual so they did not have to see me get blitzed out of my mind I made the decision...Day one was not so bad. I made a point to eat a meal in place of my "pork chop in a can". I lined up things to occupy my mind because I knew sleep would be next to impossible. So I had a stack of books I had bought and never read because I was always too drunk and I had a list of movies I had watched knew they were good but did not remember half of what went on because again I was too drunk and I had plenty of bottled water on hand. I also from this forum made sure I had b-complex vitamins and some other supplements to begin taking and I planned it on a weekend because of the impending sleep depredation. I got maybe two hours of terrible sleep that night. The whole thing was uncomfortable but bearable. ..Day two was similar to the first...Day three was a struggle. I was feening for a beer so bad. It was tough. I ate and went to bed at like 7pm and luckily slept really well for the first time in a very long time. Not a drunk sleep but real sleep. Definitely worth the fight...Day four was yesterday. Best day yet. Even had friends over unexpectedly and they of course had beer. They reached into the cooler to toss me a beer and to everyone's surprise (maybe even to me as well) I said no thank you. They visited for a few hours and it was not great for me but bearable. Best part is my wife was so proud of me. She commented that it must of been hard for me. I commented to her I would have to get used to it sooner or later...I am 47 and and very set in my ways. So if an old man can do it you can as well. I wish I had done this years and years ago...Make a detailed plan before you start with things to keep you busy and have food (lots of carbs to replace the alcohol) and water on hand to replace the booze. I also set up a Google calendar that tracks the days I am sober (all four of them LOL) my weight (lost nearly a pound per day so far) and a cumulative total of the money I am saving my family...I know it has only been four days but I thought it would be so much harder than it has been (so far). I think one just needs to get their mind right and ready. I originally had planned to start on the 1st of October a month in advance to mentally prepare. I even told my family this in the context I was going to "get in shape" and loose 40 lbs. Still keeping my out...I know there are many many horror stories on here on how hard it is and maybe I am one of the lucky ones or the worst is yet to come but so far it has not been terrible. ..Side effects so far is higher than average blood pressure (which I am borderline already) some sweating the first night along with chills (not sure if this is withdrawals or my body was fighting of something else but wanted to mention it) side pain in my liver area and kidneys areas (which I had before and one reason I wanted/needed to quit) lack of sleep and when I did sleep the most bizarre dreams so the sleep didn't really count. After day three all of these pretty much went away...For you younger people start now before you miss out on 20 years of good "sober" times and productivity. Your younger and stronger and think of all the money you will save...Just try it! You owe it to yourself. It may not be as hard as you think. ..End of my rambling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice post I'm on day 3 tomorrow and really want this to be it this time old habits dye hard I supposeI'm 39 and had enough  but it will be worth it iam sure keep it up happy days ahead
Impressive! That s quite a turnaround. I d love to hear about your family s reactions as the days pass. To be painfully blunt and honest: Do they believe in you? And do you think you will be vulnerable to them believing in/doubting you? I guess I m reluctant to tell anyone because I don t want to feel their eyes on me. Thanks for sharing!
Great job. I'm on day 2 and hanging on. Tricky to do as a bartender but at 41 years old it's time. 
48 year-old here and your message to the younger people is so right on. Wish there'd been some way for me to have run into it when I was younger myself!..You may have "only" four days but to me there's nothing only about it because they are some of the hardest ones. Well done sir. Am honored not to be drinking with you today.
Day 8 listen up people!..I have made it this far and really have felt no real discomforts. Starting working out again after a 13 year hiatus this past Monday four days ago. Two workouts in so far. Treadmill and dumbbells and a bench very simple setup. Got a 200 lb plate style dumbbell set off Amazon with free shipping for $200 (mail lady was not happy!) used treadmill for $20 and a used adjustable bench also for $20 off craigslist. I have always kept my workouts simple push day pull day core and leg day. Monday Wednesday and Friday an hour total each day starting with a 15 minute brisk walk on the treadmill...My job is in technical sales and I work out of my home at a desk eight hours a day (zero physical activity). Nearest town is 25 miles away (let us say I love my solitude). So a round trip of 50 miles to workout for an hour is not exactly convenient nor affordable. But if you can get one of those $10 memberships to Planet Fitness that is even better. A real place with nice equipment and God bless yoga pants! No offense ladies men will be men...Now to the point. Let me share some data..Blood Pressure eight days ago 144/85 (not good) Pulse=97 weight=240 lbs..Blood pressure today 133/77 pulse=78 weight 233 lbs..And I have saved my family $80...I would not expected so much improvement so fast and I am not watching what I eat...This provides me the much needed motivation I need. Try it for yourself. It will for you too!..
