-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72hwh5/i_am_a_pastor_struggling_with/

I am a pastor struggling with addiction and I've been doing some thinking during my time of recovery with my counselor. In the shadows of addiction lurk shame guilt and feelings of unworthiness. ..It's still hard to put words to it for me but I know drink to numb the pain and burdens that I have been unable or unwilling to cope with not because I want to get hammered party like a frat boy and do keg stands. In my environment but also in the culture at large there is a huge misunderstanding around addiction that leads to shame and guilt...**If you could help people around you to better understand addiction what would you want them to know? If your are a religious person what would you want people around you to know?**..P.S. I am not looking for a spiritual debate here or anything. I love you guys. We are brothers and sisters in this fight regardless of creed. I am just looking for experiences and words that help me articulate our struggle.
----------immediate responses--------

That it's not an identity so much as a process--more verb than noun. Getting hung up on labels and identities held me back from seeking help for too long. "I don't look like that... I'm not a daily drinker... I'm not etc." I would have been better off asking "what happens when I drink?" instead of "am I an alcoholic?"..That playing around with addictive substances ups your risk for getting addicted. Seems obvious but again what I see on TV or in popular culture normalizes alcohol (when it doesn't outright glamorize it)...I'm a Roman Catholic (not an especially good one). I guess what I would want people around me to know is the inestimable value of mercy. I can't imagine Jesus shaming alcoholics but in moments of grace I can imagine him healing them. Does that make sense?..I don't know if any of this is what you were looking for. I am very new at this. But I like your questions. I won't drink with you tonight.
I love insight by Louise Hay: http://www.louisehay.com/addiction/
I am a born again Christian . 1997 I stopped drinking for 10 years and was walking very close to God . Regardless of my deep faith   life  deaths and divorce happened . I picked up drinking again and like you it became a problem . Never lost my faith  but   Put a distance between me and God . I don't have great words of wisdom just believe God when he said my body is a temple and should be treated with care. Could it have been Satan knows our weaknesses and he got in and I let him ??!  
I would like people to understand I didn't do anything differently than others my age and genetics played a huge roll in my becoming an alcoholic. On a spiritual note I noticed that the clarity of sobriety makes connection to God a whole lot easier. The definition of sin is ( to miss the mark). My sin was missing the point of the life I have been given.
I'm an agnostic but I would want them to know that most or all of us are addicts in one way or another.  Some are addicted to food; some to love; some to immortality on earth; some to their appearance; some to acquisitiveness; some to success; and some to drugs or alcohol.  We all cling to something. 
The number one thing I think is that it's okay to accept help.  Humans as individuals are pretty weak defenseless and prone to mistakes and illness both physical and cognitive.  Our strength is in our ability to form complex communities for mutual aid and support.  If you look through your scriptures I think you'll find several examples of this.
* Addiction can be both physical and mental. It is very easy to look at addiction as something that 1) would *never* happen to you 2) *you* would be able to break easily so why don't "they"? Addiction happens to people the way cults do; smart people can get addicted smart people can get stuck in cults. And if you think stopping is easy look at your life find the element that gives you the most pleasure and from now on don't do it anymore. Instantly upon hearing that your thought is "why would I?!" and "no that is way too important for me" or even "what use is life without this?" *That* is addiction...* Jesus loves me as I am -- but I don't always. Jesus loves me but where is God when it hurts? If Jesus could feel abandoned by God and ask "why?!" how much more can I feel abandoned alone struggling confused lost?
I highly recommend the book "Addiction and Grace" by Gerald G May if you have not already read it.  I think you would get a lot out of it. 
