-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72irsx/really_struggling_tonight/

I feel really raw and I've been sleeping like shit and I'm in a lot of back pain and I know that drinking would make it all go away. ..Drinking is absolutely not an option for me right now and that almost makes it more frustrating. I just want this night to be over.  I'm so scared that every day will be like this.... Mediocre dragging dull anxiety filled shit.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're going through a lot but I'm happy that you decided to post. You're not alone in this journey and yes it is tough. I struggled with really bad insomnia when I quit. But the advice I was received was to just embrace it and nap when I'm tired. It's okay to not be able to sleep. I'm having one of those nights tonight not sure why but I'm not fighting it. And back pain for a long time until I read 'You can heal your life' by Louise Hay. Was a miracle for me I found the root of my pain was from all my self-hatred. Are you certain that every day will be mediocre? Is it true? Can you be absolutely certain that's true? Those are the questions I like to ask myself when I think those thoughts. Our brains will try to pull us back to the old habits (neural pathways) so the fight is tough. But once you forge a new path it gets easier :)
When in doubt.  Rub one out. Or flick the bean.  :p
You are experiencing withdrawal. The sleepless nights and anxiety will go away trust me. You may want to look into some natural sleep aids such as melatonin to see you through the first days. CBD oil at bed time also works great. 
The good news is "feelings" are variable and change.  Sober On!
I hope you were able to get a little sleep at least.  Sleep has been the hardest thing for my body to reconcile- insomnia was a large percentage of the reason I picked up drink in the first place.  It's stressful when the day is approaching and you have things you need to do but your body and brain won't cooperate.  I found a lot of relief in gentle stretching videos specifically for being in bed guided meditations and ambient noise.  If that fails I read or have even gotten up to pace and write in my journal.  I try to keep away from the computer or my phone as the light supposedly messes with your rhythm's but I break that "rule" a lot to visit SD.  In my sobriety journey I have for sure experienced days like you describe especially early on but on the other side of those days I have also experienced the opposite end of that spectrum and everything in between.  Not drinking hasn't necessarily changed the quality of my time spent here ("I'm so scared that every day will be like this") but it has changed my ability to change the quality of my time spent here.  I have gained the self efficacy to either make a shitty day better or even to simply just survive a shitty one.  Once drinking became "not an option" for me I realized just how many other options I had not yet even given a chance (mantras?  weird but okay.  Yoga?  Fine.  Breathing exercises?  Sure why not.  Tea?  What the hell.).  I'm still discovering options 132 nights later.  (But in general feeling much better about it.)  Hang in there.  Keep coming back here.  We're one of those options and we're rooting for you. 
