-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72l00c/i_completed_treatment/

Sorry this is kind of long!..I completed treatment recently. I am so happy I went! I'm not going to sugarcoat it there were parts of treatment that were fucking hard. Loneliness withdrawal pissing off the wrong people but I would do it again in a heartbeat. Meeting people that have gone through similar situations people who laugh about the life of an addict helped in ways I couldn't even imagine. I just accepted it as fact that I was a villain. Maybe even that I was losing my humanity. Meeting people who completely understood reminded me not only that we were all still human beings with emotions cares a past but that we had been harmed through alcohol as well and it was okay to share that. It wasn't selfish...Yeah I did relapse the day I got out. Almost everyone I met there did but that doesn't mean what we learned there didn't stick with some of us. I went on a two week binge that caused my loved ones to consider me a missing person. It was my worst run yet. I was so focused on the idea of hitting   rock bottom  as the sign that I needed to change that I kept telling myself that I still had some semblance of control. Throughout this whole time though  I was thinking about what I had learned and experienced in treatment. Even while I was wasted I had this new strange sense of clarity I had never experienced before. ..I finally stopped drinking after being considered missing for four days. It was like something shifted in my brain and I decided that at least for that day I was done. That day became three days and then it became a week. I definitely had cravings really strong ones but whenever I saw alcohol I couldn't help but think of what it made me become. I realized that hitting rock bottom was just that. It was a horrible place to be and using that as a sign to finally change was masochistic. I also realized that everyone else considered that to be exactly where I was. It was just so hard for me to accept. My rock bottom just kept getting lower...Today I am 16 days sober and the happiest I've been in years. I still get incredibly stressed out thinking about the mess of a life I've left for myself to clean up but now I don't run from it. I address it one step at a time. Going to treatment allowed me to feel the confidence and self respect I needed to finally try change...I will not drink with you all today!.
----------immediate responses--------

Well said and congrats on 16 days sober!..Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
It's like something clicks and all of a sudden it's totally clear what you need to do (or not do!) to turn your life around.  That's what happened with me too.  Well done on 16 days.  Not drinking with you today!
And doesn't it feel good to finally face it all? Sure what the mess you see sucks but being proud of yourself for finally facing should make you feel so proud. Well done for stopping to dig. 
