-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72tnq1/struggling_really_hard_today/

I was doing so well. I hadn't touched the stuff in months. And then I found half a bottle of vodka hidden in the back of a cabinet. ..I told myself I could moderate that I wouldn't go crazy this time but that bottle was gone so fast. And I ran out to get more and drank a whole handle in two days. ..And I'm really hating myself and trying so hard not to think about the other bottle waiting for me in the kitchen. ..That little voice keeps telling me that I can just have one. That it'll make the shakes go away and I can just stop there. ..That little voice is also reminding me that I paid good money for that stuff and I can't let it go to waste. ..I really hate that little voice.  ..I want to stop so badly. I hate this. I want to be free of it and be the person my family deserves. Why can't I just stop?
----------immediate responses--------

Whether you drink it or not its a waste. Think of the purchase as waste. Think of act of drinking as drinking waste material.  Just offring a different perspective. .I'm not drinking with you today!.
Also - Nice job reaching  out here after a relapse. Sounds like you really want to quit. 
I'm almost 48 hours in and have spent most of my time hating myself for letting it get this bad. I'm starting to feel normal again and positive that we can do this together as a community. ..It's mad how better I feel reading some of the stories and I hopefully can rid myself of this disease. I won't drink today I hope u won't too
Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing...I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
Something that helped me A LOT - read "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace.  It is very eye-opening and could really help chase away THAT ANNOYING LITTLE VOICE :) Stay stong - IWNDWYT
I couldn't stop because I'm an alcoholic. Once I take a drink a phenomenal craving takes over and I'm just along for the ride. 
