-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72uqtz/struggling_with_sober_dating/

It has been a year and a half since my divorce and I have been feeling like dating again. But this is not helping my sobriety everyone always "goes for drinks" and my anxiety with dating again after been "out of the game" just doesn't help...Any tips around dating sober? I fear saying "I am not drinking" to someone I'm just meeting feels like it opens the door to awkward talks... Too awkward for a first date? ..Sigh... I did go on a date last night and ended up drinking a tad too much... So I guess that was awkward too. Grrr.
----------immediate responses--------

How about we grab coffee?.I know a great bakery let's check it out..How about a walk in the park?.Go to the dog park whether you have a dog or not!.
I don't have any great tips but I am navigating these waters myself and I can feel your pain.  The girl I am very happy to be dating for the last 8 months does not understand why some have difficulty with substance abuse.  She has watched me go from active substance abuse to once or twice a month pretty under control drinking.  Since she likes me and has a vested interest in the relationship now she is fully supportive of whatever relationship I have with alcohol.  I believe that had I droned on and on about not drinking recovery twelve steps etc on our first date there would not have been a second date.  I think it is in fact a turn off to wear your recovery too boldly on your sleeve and it does not make those that are turned off by it the "wrong people to have in your life" automatically. I personally would not want to get serious with someone who spends 5-10 hours a week in meetings either.  If recovery and thinking about abstaining is that big of a presence in your life I think the advice to hold off on relationships for a while is prudent. 
At one day sober dating is not going to be successful. The most important relationship when I stopped drinking was the one I had with myself. It needed a lot of work. I focused on recovery by getting a therapist and going to AA meetings. I was not equipped to be in a relationship with anyone else until I was stable in my sobriety. 
Are you really serious about being sober? If so maybe you should find a group of sober people to meet others you could date. I've decided for myself I can't be with a drinker or I'm right there drinking with him. I don't know about any specific sober dating services but surely there's something out there. There's this sober outdoor/fitness enthusiast group here that would be the first place I'd go if I were single and looking.
Are you reasonably good looking? If so Tinder is great.
