-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72wvm2/i_went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_today/

I honestly wasn't sure what I was expecting.  As a devout atheist I've struggled with the idea of a "higher power" my entire life. Even the thought that someone could give up blindly to a power they couldn't see feel hear.... it's crazy to me. .. I listened to all of them speak. A younger girl looking to cull it before it started. A retired man who hadn't known sobriety since after his retirement. A former US marine; a former actor; a former gang banger... the only thing they had in common is that they had all been sober longer than me. ..While I still disagree with a "higher power" I realize how hypocritical I've been.  In shunning this approach I've let my own higher power which I can see feel and hear clinking in the bottle take control. ..I'm over it. I'm over the excuses. I may not believe in a god but I believe in all those good people who opened their hearts to me today.  I will not drink today and I'm going back to see them tomorrow...Wish me luck and I wish you the same. .
----------immediate responses--------

I absolutely wish you luck! Thanks for posting and I won't drink with you tonight!
Good luck! ..What has interested me are those who talk about finding a non-religious higher power.
Very similar to my experience when I first came around. I wasn't just athiest I was anti-theist! ..I can't explain it but joining the Fellowship of AA and working the program created a psychic change for the better in me I can't explain. I thought the whole good thing was crazy but you know what was crazy? Drinking everyday against my own will. Lying to people I love. Spending thousands of dollars I didn't have to keep the party going. Getting liver damage and continuing to drink. Etc.....That was far more insane that becoming open to the idea that perhaps there is something (spirit of the universe? collective unconsciousness of all life? God? Zeus? Kayne!?) that had more power than me and could help restore me to sanity. And despite my best efforts I've come to believe in something greater than me...All it took was willingness and openmindness and honesty. It seems like you have all three in spades. And one thing my sponsor told me to start was this :God can be an acronym G.O.D. - Group of Drunks...Good luck and I won't drink with you today!
I'm so glad you've had a good experience with AA.  I have been attending and have attended in the past too.  This time around I'm actually working it.  Got a sponsor and am gonna start working the steps too.  I'm also non-religious and struggle with the higher power talk but am so inspired by the people in those rooms that I'm open to finding out what that can mean for me.  
I also am worried about the God factor of AA. guess it can't hurt to sit in on a meeting though can it?
I am not religious but for me I learned in AA about the difference of being religious and being spiritual. ..I had a really hard time finding my higher power but after nearly 6 months I finally feel like the door is opening and the light is coming through. ..Stick with it and give it a try. AA isn't the solution for everyone but it's definitely worth exploring. .
That is great!  Use whatever method that works for you.
Sometime ago an elderly woman that had been sober since the 60's used to always say "If you have trouble with God then let GOD stand for Group.Of.Drunks...g-o-d...".  She'd always spell out the g-o-d part at the end.  Good luck to you beyond each individual's interpretation of the program of AA there's a lot of pragmatic usable simple wisdom written in the texts IMO.
I categorize myself as atheist as well...When I came to realize that alcohol was my higher power I realized that I needed something in my life which I could depend on to be truthful unconditional and to which I could put some faith into. Some choose to call that God what I call it doesn't matter. But such a thing luckily exists to my perception of reality. I just had to recognize that I had grown out touch with those truths. When I reconnected I had/have spiritual experiences as a result of my relationship with this power that I am a part of but as a whole is much greater than the singular "me". Whatever works for me or you is all that matters...Today my higher power is the whatever it is that powers all of this. I cannot define it nor can anyone truly but it is there. Space and time continue the sun shines on us cells align to make it possible for me to consume energy and through that energy I have 2 basic choices that define the person I will be today the drunk me of which there is no real benefit to others and the sober me of which the possibilities are stretching to lengths that I have yet to comprehend...No luck required the luck ends when the realization that we could no longer live like we were living occurred. ....
