-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72xi5a/went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_tonight/

My sister has been going to AlAnon for support and tonight I went with her and she sat with me in the AA open meeting. A man spoke for nearly an hour about his lifelong struggle with alcohol and a LOT of what he said resonated with me. At the end they asked if there was anyone new and I raised my hand and was the only one and they gave me a copy of the little big book. Everyone was so kind shaking my hand a few women gave me their numbers and asked if we could meet for coffee sometime. It was super welcoming and I plan to go back for sure. I just wanted to post my experience on here because I have been scared/nervous to go and it really wasn't that hard. I hope to go to meetings in the future where we'll break into smaller groups and do more work/sharing but I'm excited to have a start and find a community there. ..I feel like the first month or two of sobriety just felt like a huge accomplishment and I felt so happy and like everything was magically going to be amazing now and then I hit a new phase where the crutch I was using to numb my emotions was gone the realization of all the time I have wasted drinking and damage I've done to myself and other sunk in and suddenly there were all these emotions coming to the surface which I had to face instead of just erase with alcohol. So this is why I now feel as though I need community and support in real life instead of thinking I could just do it all on my own.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you enjoyed it... AA has been essential in my.recovery. I've also met some solid friends.
Let me be the first to welcome you to the island of misfit toys. It sounds like you went in with an open mind which can make all the difference. One of the things I learned early on were to take what I need and leave the rest. I always felt better after meetings but I didn't *get* better until I got a sponsor and did the steps. And I try to tell every female newcomer that you can't trust every man in the room no matter how long they've been sober. It may sound obvious but some may try to take advantage of a newcomer in a fragile state and it's not always easy to spot. So I'd stick with the women at first...Welcome again. if you do all 12 steps you will never be the same.
I have a lot of issues with AA but I go religiously. I don't think I would have made it without them. 
A community is essential.  Good for you.  Use whatever works.
&gt; hope to go to meetings in the future where we'll break into smaller groups and do more work/sharing..fyi you're not going to find this at AA there's no "crosstalk" allowed at most meetings. I recommend you check out some outpatient groups at your local community mental health clinic -- it's a good addition or alternative...Also definitely check out women only AA meetings (assuming you are) women face unique struggles and it's good to get that support.
Awesome !!
