-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/72zm8u/i_still_fear_relapse_even_after_almost_a_year/

I know I don't want to ever drink again...ever. However after reading over the months how some people started drinking again I really think it can happen to anyone. That is why really senior people here still say "one day at a time". ..It kind of sucks that I will always have this hanging over my head that I am just one drink away from returning to the abyss. The good news is I am in control of that first drink. All I have to do is just not have that first drink and I need not worry about the rest. Simple really. ..I continue to read here every day and post when ever I feel I have something to say. I love hearing stories of people just starting out with their unbridled enthusiasm and hope. I love hearing how happy they are to be finally sober and how thankful they are for his group. I like to read and learn from others and their struggles especially if they have been at it for a while. So many different stories but they all sound eerily the same. ..There is nothing in my life that I both have no control over yet I am the master of;  quite the anomaly really. I fear relapse but I am facing  my fear straight on. Every day is a battle but I am winning the war. I WILL beat this thing outright now and forever... I have to!..I will not drink with you today. ..William ..
----------immediate responses--------

Wow thank you for posting this. When I see people with lots more time than me I assume that they all have this thing down and are no longer worried about things like being tempted or relapsing. Thank you for your honesty. We all need to remain vigilant. Not drinking with you today!
You're doing beautifully! In the final stretch ;)...When I think of relapse I think of the utter *HELL* I went through trying to get sober. It wasn't pretty at all - I kinda felt like the Exorcist there for a while :/. ..I love this: .&gt;The good news is I am in control of that first drink. All I have to do is just not have that first drink and I need not worry about the rest. Simple really...All we need to do is say NO to the first god damn drink. It's simple but not easy - that's why we're all here for each other. ..Keep goin dear William I'm looking forward to the party ;).
I think a certain amount of fear is a healthy thing. I'm not afraid of snakes but I'm not about to go out of my way to find one to play with...Still taking it one day at a time here and today I will not drink with you!.
I'm coming up on 3 years and I'm still afraid of relapse. Not in a "oh god I'm paranoid" way more in a "holy hell those are scary consequences nope" way. It's more of a healthy fear...It's good that you understand the consequences of that first drink. Just don't take it keep sobriety in the forefront of your mind and do the best you can on a daily basis. That's all you can do and it's obviously working for you...Have a safe 24!
Thank you for this......I have the same fear and then someone put it to me you get to have the life you want as long as you don't have "one" drink.  Sounds like a great deal to me
William .. our numbers are near each other and I couldn't have said it better myself .. I feel the same way ..
Yup. You can have everything in the world or drinking  Just not both
It's like walking on the edge of a cliff. You know you don't want to go over the edge and do everything in your power not to. You can't ignore that it's there you have to respect it.
&gt; All I have to do is just not have that first drink and I need not worry about the rest. Simple really...Thank you this helps me. ..I will not drink with you today. 
