-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/730ii3/4_days_and_i_need_advice/

Okay so I posted here the other day and received remarkable support from people here so firstly thanks to everyone who helped. ..But I'm at 4 days and have just had a heartbreaking conversation with an ex girlfriend about how there is no hope or chance for a future relationship and it's fair to say this has ripped me into pieces. Now I feel so proud for not having had a drink for a short while but to help me feel better my friends have offered to go out to a blues night with me and I know a pint would be lovely there. ..I'm telling myself that I won't feel guilty after it but as somebody who struggles with what I'm sure is bpd(if not alcohol related) I'm not sure if I'll feel the same after.  ..I'm not  craving  a drink but I know in my mindset it would be nice to have. Again I'm very proud to have not had a drink so far but am I cheating myself in having maybe 2 pints later? I'm not using this situation as an excuse to have a drink (as I usually would to feel better) but I'm not sure if I'm simply telling myself that. ..I know only I can truly know but I would really appreciate some advice/help on this. 
----------immediate responses--------

will drinking change the way your ex feels?  will drinking change how you feel about your ex?  will drinking change anything that's happening in your life for the better?  like you said only you can answer these questions...if i were in your situation i would thank my friends for their support and suggest a place where i know i won't have to question my resolve to stay sober.  or i would invite them to my place to make an apple pie.  i would take their support in ways that are truly supportive of my process.
You're certainly right that it is you who can truly know. In my experience whenever I did these mental gymnastics with myself... thinking about whether I would be cheating myself or how I'd feel afterwards... it was because there was some part of me that didn't want that drink. I've come to realize that for me if I'm having to have a dilemma about having that drink it's because I shouldn't have it and I'm trying to justify it to myself...Good on you for making it 4 days it's no joke to get through those early days. I hope you have a good time at the blues night regardless of anything else!
It took me years to learn that drinking will not make me feel better. It is at best a 'pause' button for emotions. I've never had a horrible day drank that night and woke up the next day feeling fine. It just seems to push all that negativity I felt forward into my week.
Why not go out for dessert and coffee instead?  
Just don't drink!   I make every morning the concious decision to not drink today. Stay strong break with the habit. 
I am in your shoes right now as well.  My ex told me that while he loved me he just doesnt see a future between us where I dont continue to hurt him over and over again.  The pain of this realization and the difficulty of accepting that he's right downright sucks.  I'm hurting but fuck booze.  I wont turn to booze to ease my broken heart because I've done it so many times in the past and look where I am now.  Alcohol is an unacceptable coping mechanism for me as it keeps me from healing and keeps the self-pity alive.  It throws my mind into this almost obsessive state where I cant think of anything else other than how sad I am over my current state of affairs.  Sobriety helps me appreciate all of the other things in my life that are going well and gives me pride that I'm able to cope without that crutch it broadens my perspective and allows my heart to ache but also for me to accept that its going to be that way for a while and that's okay.  Best of luck to you sometimes the immediate gratification just isnt worth it.  The hardest things to attain like peace are the hardest fought for.  Today I will not drink with you.
