-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/735wsm/anyone_else_with_alcoholrelated_jobs_or_careers/

Currently I am a bartender. It really hasn't been an issue for me because I never drank at work before getting sober and I surprisingly don't have that urge after getting sober either. I am also super lucky that my one other bartender is completely supportive of my decision to give sobriety a shot...But my struggle is in what I've always wanted to do: brew my own beer possibly start a company around that. Now that I'm on this journey I'm really starting to have a bit of an identity crisis when it comes to my future career. Making and serving drinks is fine but if I pursue brewing I don't think it's possible to do without drinking. So realistically this future needs to go. I just don't know what comes next instead...I have no college education no other connections outside my industry and no idea what my other options are. I've made beer my life and wanted to make it my livelihood but instead I feel as if it's drained my life...Anyone else in this same boat? Or any advice for someone in my situation?..And thanks to all the kind souls here won't be drinking with you tonight :)
----------immediate responses--------

Hmm. Any interest in the culinary arts? The artisan chic of craft brewing minus the brewing?..I know there are other people here with jobs similar to yours (bartenders sommeliers etc.). With luck one of them will have better/more advice than I do. You obviously have a creative side for brewing to interest you though so I think there are many options available.
Been tending bar for 20 years kind of too late to stop now. I could work anyplace else and if I wanted to find alcohol I would. Making drinks is fun and has become kind of abstract for me. I do smoke a little weed to kill the anxiety and drink lots of seltzer tea ginger beer etc... mmmm wish I could say more everyone's different I guess.
I was in the pub industry for a number of years. When I got sober I had to leave. It wasn't that it was a trigger it was I couldn't stand to be in that environment. I'm currently looking to retrain in the field I started working in. It was a completely new direction and at over 30 years old was a little daunting. ..Think a out what you want out of a job/career think about what you enjoy to do and then start to make it a reality. You're never too old to change
I am a asst director of f&amp;b and just had a real rocky day yesterday at a trade event. I have been moderating for the past few months and had been doing fine. I somehow got trashed and made a total fool of myself while representing my company. ..You're stronger than I am I hope you find some better advice. I just wanted to commiserate. 
