-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/735zs5/determined/

I'm so so glad I found this community!  It's helped me so much already although this is my first post.  For years I have been aware that I drink too much and that it is having a negative effect on my life.  All of my current friends drink and so do my family who I spend a lot of time with.  I have a stressful job and frequently use that as an excuse too.  In fact I can always find an excuse.....its Friday.....i can't drink tomorrow because im on night shift so I must drink today......i deserve it..... I've had a shit day.  The final motivator for me is the anxiety.  I know it's directly linked to the drink because when I drink heavily for a week or two its so much worse.   And im so so fed up of waking up in the middle of the night with self loathing and feeling like absolute shit because I got drunk again.  So I decided to quit last week I made it 4 days until Sunday and once again started making my excuses.  3 or 4 wines later and I was so annoyed with myself!  I didn't even enjoy them.  And I haven't had a drink since so i'm on day 5! My partner is still drinking but is also supportive even though he doesn't feel that my drinking is problematic.  I manage to go to the gym although its a real struggle sometimes.  I'm a happy drunk most the time and I always get up for work.  But i know its a problem because im thinking about it so much and im drinking every night. I know thats not normal!  I want to live a full and healthy life where the alarm clock going off in the morning doesn't make me want to cry.  Gosh this post got long.  Thanks for hearing me out.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! Glad you're joining us and congrats on the 5 days. Grab a [badge](https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) and have fun watching the days add up.
So good you are facing your feelings and start this new journey. What you wrote really resonates with me same here everyone around me seems to think that my drinking - bottle of wine most nights more on weekends - is normal. But they don't see that everyday drinking only my partner does and he obviously only thinks it's normal to not have to face that he is drinking too much too. And this anxiety and waking up every night to fret and hate myself was so bad in the end. Always thinking about drinking too and it was always getting more and more some days I even drank during the day working from home no one noticed. But it was the thoughts of alcohol and me wanting a drink all the time that made me quit. So hard to constantly fight that thought.... it's much better now after four months. It has gotten so much easier and I even like myself now. So do keep going you will feel so much better in a little while. Have you read Annie Grace  this naked mind ? It's really helpful for seeing alcohol for the poison it really is and not the romanticised thing advertising makes us believe. .I will not drink with you today! 
Glad to see someone has already mentioned the book *This Naked Mind* (see sidebar)... just to add the author Annie Grace also has a very helpful [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw/videos) which is well worth a look.....Congrats on day 5 and welcome to the sub!..Stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Oh yes the old shift thing. I did that last nite starting nites tomorrow so had to have a couple of drinks last nite!   Hence the reset.    Let's do this!
Welcome! This place was a gane changer to me. The most open minded and appreciative community I've ever seen. Happy to see you take part!
Glad you're here!! Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
