-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7373p0/alcohol_didnt_taste_good_during_relapse/

When I relapsed in July I knew I was headed in the wrong direction but at least I'd taste that honey scotch crisp beer and fruity wine again! Except none of it tasted good. The liquor burned the wine felt too thick the beer tasted like dirt. I didn't understand this. I am wondering if after 3 months my mouth and taste buds had healed somewhat and I was tasting what the alcohol actually tasted like? Wondering if anyone else has experienced this. Not drinking with you all today or tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

I know that I've never liked the taste of alcohol.  I shuddered at my first drink at 15 and still sometimes found myself shuddering at a sip of wine or a drink of beer well into my drinking.  My body knows it's a poison and my taste buds do too. I think they call it an acquired taste for no reason.  I hope I don't relapse but I also know that I don't need to in order to discover the actual taste of alcohol.  I can't believe I drank for as long as I did given that I never liked it.  Not even sweeter drinks like ciders or heavily mixed stuff.  Crazy.  
I'm only used to drinking lager cider and occasionally red wine and most of it tastes awful really. It's the effects not the taste which is the addiction. Last time I remember I 'gave up' I relapsed after a week or so and remember it all tasting awful but I kept drinking it because I craved the effects almost to the point of sickness. Point proven. Mad! And yeah alcohol is a chemical. It's bound to have a corrosive effect on the taste buds. Two days without the poison and I'm determined to mean it this time! IWNDWYT
Beer smells terrible now and just the thought of liquor makes me queasy.  I consider it a blessing.
I used to associate the burn of alcohol with "woohoo here comes sweet relief".   Relapsed a couple of weeks ago and learned that now it feels like "ah shit I drank poison."   The taste was bad the buzz was bad the hangover was worse than ever...When I was younger I worked hard to become "sophisticated" enough to like various kinds of booze.   Now I'll be happy if I can re-learn the childhood distaste for it.   Wine tastes like cough syrup.   Beer tastes like rotten coke.   Liquor tastes like cleaning products.    Keep telling myself that :)
I have very sophisticated wine friends immersed in the wine industry trappings.  I think it's so interesting when they go wine tasting and only taste the stuff they like for example chardonnay. I now know it's cause they aren't tasting anything.  They want to get straight to their buzz on the stuff they tolerate the best. I won't drink with you today.
definitely!  I was a big IPA and neat whiskey fan before I quit.  I relapsed after one month drinking heavy beer and high quality whiskey.  It was fucking wretched.  It made me question what I flavor I enjoyed in the first place.  Even the smell bothers me now...The day after I relapsed I chose to view my mistakes as an educational process.   Relapsing and my new distaste for beer/whiskey helped slash my nostalgia for the taste.
