-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/737b1f/60_days_need_help_resisting/

Hey guys!  I've been struggling for the past week or so and hoping some of you can help me out.  So I've enjoyed being sober but have been having a hard time resisting because I don't have many "bad memories."  My decision to stop was more of a proactive "going to stop before it gets bad" than a reactive choice. ..Drinking habits.-  drank 4-5 times a week mostly with other ppl.-  in city with a lot of free alcohol big part of culture .-  never threw up.-  never blacked out.-  never affected work.-  never woke up in the middle of the night with shakes.-  mild hangovers usually go away coffee fine..Why I stopped .-  I was drinking a lot and when I read Naked Mind could see myself being the author in 20 years.-  hated the feeling of craving a drink and definitely felt immediate relief I had that 1st drink which scared me.-  anxiety and stress going up due to life changes didn't want to remedy that with alcohol.-  overall healthy choice.-  loose weight ..Changes since stopping .-  lost 5 lbs.-  sleep is real bad (due to anxiety not lack of alcohol I think).-  saved money?..I don't mean to be insensitive or anything I am inspired everyday by everyone's stories!  I just have a hard time when I really want a drink bc I can't recall all the bad.  Anyone else running into this? Any advise for those low moments?..Thanks!.
----------immediate responses--------

I posted [this article](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/?st=j85uihmm&amp;sh=e4c50941) when I was first trying to quit.  Every time I read it it still gives me chills to realize how far down the line I was even though I was still "functional" without too many obvious consequences.  Maybe you'll find it helpful.  ..Also recovery podcasts - I recommend them a lot on there but I find them super valuable in keeping me on the path.  
Congrats on your accomplishment!  I have a lot of bad memories from drinking - mostly in the form of the toll it took on my physical body the withdrawals the missing work the isolation. ..HOWEVER I started just as you describe here.  Always with other people and always in the form of social behavior.  For a long time I never threw up blacked out or had anything other than an annoying hangover.  This did not last.  ..When my friends started to outgrow the "social" scene of drinking my brain was long ago hooked.  So I started to drink "wine with dinner" even though I was eating by myself.  This also did not get bad right away.  I then found "friends" I could drink like I wanted to with and spent less time with my healthy friends so I could drink.  ..Eventually the same amount of alcohol didn't cut it for me so it increased to the point I was drinking 2 bottles of wine and shooting some fire ball on my own (cringe!).  SO you can guess I started to wake up with massive hangovers instead of only feeling slightly sick/off.  ..In time I just could not handle the massive hangovers so I began drinking bloody marys or mimosas the day after the party - this too was very acceptable with my heavier drinking friends.  ..Not long after that my partying again spilled over into my time alone.  Now I'm drinking 2 bottles of wine by myself at home (no longer even eating dinner) passing out and then stopping at the liquor store on my way to work (just for some "hair of the dog") thinking I'd go to yoga later to detox and reset my system. ..I was already too far gone at that point and my once social drinking (started at 2 times a week handful of drinks) turned into 3-4 day benders.  It wouldn't take much to get me drunk the next day because I had so much booze already running through me.  I would black out and eventually come to with extreme anxiety and panic recognizing I clearly had a problem. One that drinking always seemed to numb. ..I was never depressed never anxious always successful interested in many things outside of drinking - snowboarding spirituality philosophy music running.  I started my own successful business had many wonderful non drinking friends a supportive caring family a nice home car etc. etc. etc.  ..And still I spiraled completely out of control.  Starting out with a tendency to enjoy social drinking a bit too much perhaps.  Ending up in a cycle of bender/withdrawal over and over for about 4 years.  I feel lucky it didn't kill me actually.  ..If you really want to drink I will certainly be the last to judge.  However if something could have spared me the misery I endured I probably would've been grateful.  As it is I believe we all have to travel our own journey and mine involved dangerous levels of drinking before I got to the point of taking some real action to cut it out.  
I completely understand!  I'm in the same boat although I'm sure I have a number of years on you.  The worst time for me is 4:30 to 6:00 pm.  I'll go for a walk run or work outside in the yard.  I'm retired so that may not work for you.  It helps for me to be busy and not in the kitchen.  It seems like I'm more obsessed with alcohol than ever.  Does that make sense?
