-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73a0ng/whats_everyone_doing_tonight/

If you are planning on drinking tonight or are already drinking please don't post about it.  For example if you are making jello shots please do not post about it.  But say you are going to see your friends band play and there will be alcohol there and you're concerned about it that's cool to post about...I started this thread to give my self and others ideas of stuff to do on a Friday night besides drinking.  Friday can be rough for us SD'rs...  FOMO can strike out of anywhere and it seems like everyone is drinking and having a great time.   If you're drinking that's cool... but most of the people on this thread are struggling very hard to not drink tonight so please have a little respect and don't post if you're drinking...So what are all of the Sobernaughts doing tonight?  I'm just getting going here today.  Caught up on some much needed sleep.  I have to go to the mall to return some stuff.  Then I'm going to pick up my daughter and going to a family fun night at the park...Me going to a family fun night?  Type of thing I'd never go to or need 2/3 beers to even show up to or bring a flask...  I'm actually kind of looking forward to it.  It'll keep my daughter busy for a little bit and there's going to be hot dogs.  ..So what's everyone else doing tonight?
----------immediate responses--------

Going to finish up my day here at the office.  Head home and put on some pajamas order some take out watch Netflix and finish off the night with some Final Fantasy XV.  Maybe I'll eat a cupcake if I'm feeling adventurous :)  
Today I acquired a second job and am just about to head to my mom's birthday party. There will be alcohol. She will get too drunk and turn into that defensive pushy angry person I detest so much. I have a game plan though. Bring a few La Croix's and leave early. Have a good day everyone!
Hey Physis! Sounds like you and your sweet daughter are going to have a lovely evening at family fun night - enjoy!..I'm taking my nephew to his karate class then hoping to get a hold of Nelson DeMille's new book. Tomorrow should be productive I've got yardwork to do and I'm going to attempt my first rustic escarole and bean soup I just haven't decided on the entr e yet :/...Hope all's well with school and your little girl - have a great weekend!
Finishing the bloody Blanket From Hell. Jesus I'm sick to death of knitting that thing. After I catch up on GBBO I'll probably continue to watch Ripper Street because it's great and I love binge-watching shows. I'm seriously hoping my girls go to bed at a reasonable time so I can have some time to myself. I'm craving it this week. 
Going to a meeting and getting ready for first sober camping trip tomorrow ..   
I gave a friend of mine my nasty cold so right after work I'm ordering us both some Tom Kha soup and we're gonna watch old movies together with copious amounts of tea.  Last Friday I got drunk over at the beer &amp; wine shop across the street from work.  It was empty and sad.  I'm excited to spend a meaningful night with great company.
Gotta drop off 3 ten girls at six flags then pick up at mid nite then drop off like 30 Miles away for sleepover then come home and eat Indian food and make love to my Pakistani lover ......sober  
Going to the gym releasing the mouse I just trapped somewhere...coming home for burgers and relaxing before a productive Saturday of yard work...!
I played out in the yard with my family and now we're all snuggling and watching a movie. I am going to get crazy and have some LaCroix and eat some peanut butter pie here in a few minutes. 
Buying a new washer and dryer. :(.Oh well - I'm glad I'm sober so I can get it done!
Took a bath and now crawling in bed to read last Sunday's NYT before this Sunday's comes.
