-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73c8wb/over_a_year_and_worst_urges_yet/

As I said it's been a year since I drank (labor day 2016 when I was hospitalized with acute pancreatitis). I've made it through bachelor parties a trip to Germany weddings college get-togethers and every weekend in between. Additionally I made it through ~6 months of unemployment then taking a job and moving halfway across the country to middle-of-nowhere Minnesota. ..So that's where I am now...and all I want to do is just get fucked up because it *sounds* more fun than being sober. I'm pleased with the results of sobriety and I'm sure I'm a better person for it but can't shake this urge. What's worse is I have a very compelling medical reason to NOT drink but my rationalizations are getting more compelling everyday. I feel a relapse coming I want it come I want to fail. It's putting me in a shitty mood and I've convinced myself I will be happy if I can drink  a little bit (a little bit ha!)..I searched 'pancreatitis' in this sub and came across the line 'acute pancreatitis is the closest thing I have to a higher power' or something along those lines. How true that is. That's the only thing keeping me from going down to the liquor store and rolling the dice with my organs this weekend...I'm sorry to sound whiney but I had to rant and I know you guys will understand. I'm a pro-lurker of this sub and you guys are great. Oh well I will not drink with you today and all that jazz...Edit: fixed a weird sounding sentence 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Stay strong. I won't drink with you tonight.
I don't know if this helps but just want you to know you are a huge inspiration to so many of us for having over a year sober! Know that your continuous sobriety can be a beacon of light to those struggling and w/o hope. And know that drinking may sound more fun but it won't be (as depression anxiety regrets etc are never fun). at the end of the day focus on just not drinking today! You got this :) 
At least you haven't lost your sense of humor!  Did something recently happen to make the urges start again?  I certainly wouldn't tell you that drinking will only make things worse because you already know that.  What I will tell you is It may start out innocently as one or two but once that lizard rears its ugly head in thirst for more things start falling apart real fast.  I know for myself I have another bender in me but I'm not so sure about another 'day-1' so I best not roll that dice either.  I'm not sure if you're into AA but I just go now for the social benefits of it.  If you're isolating hitting a meeting is a safe place to just be around other human beings.  Anyway come back and vent as often as you like.  We'll leave the light on!  
Minnesota's not so bad. Welcome. I won't drink with you tonight.
I appreciate it yall. Read some more posts and your kind comments - made it through the urges and mood has improved. ..And no Minnesota is not bad at all I'm just doing a terrible job at trying to socialize so it has been a pretty boring 3 months so far. But on the up side I am reading a lot and knocking out projects right and left on the hobby front.
Hold strong friend. The drinking show only gets worse.
It gets better. Promise. 
