-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73dv2g/one_year_today/

One year today !! I can't believe it . It has been the best year of my life. I'm almost 40yo and I feel like I was given my life back. I thought of million things to say but I'm speechless. This morning has been very emotional. .What I can say to all of you still struggling out there is that It will get easier over time. Good things start to happen and before you know it you'll be where I am today. I've lost about 50lbs and started lifting weights and saved a lot of money and my confidence is going up everyday. I've had some bad times but they are nothing compared to all the great things that has happened. Not drinking has been the best decision I have ever made in my life. I don't worry about the time I've lost when drinking . I'm focused on everything I can still do. I enjoy the present and I have great plans for the future. .This is my first post here but I come here regularly so I just want to thank all you fellow addicts here .. SD has been a great support in my beautiful journey of sobriety.  I will not drink with you today !!.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on a year.
Congrats on a YEAR! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzry09SLd6A
It is such a gift to give oneself. Glad to hear you shouting it from the rooftop and inviting others to the party!  Sober on sobernaut!
Very happy for you :)
So inspiring and it really encourages me to keep going
Enjoyed reading this inspiring post this morning. Congratulations on your year .  . 
Wicked stuff congratulations :-)
Congratulations on a year!
Congrats!! 
Woo hoo  
Congratulations!! Your post gives hope to all of us. 
Congrats
Woo hoo!!! 
Whoa congrats! Sounds like you and I are in the same boat. I'm 39 and about to hit my one year at the end of October. Can't believe it took me this long to realize how shitty booze was. One year. Amazing isn't it?
So happy for you congratulations!
The only thing you're missing is feeling like shit the next day after drinking. Drinking isn't worth the pain. Keep on keeping on.
Wonderful and so inspiring - congratulations!.
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing!
Congratulations 
Happy for you :) Congratulations.
CONGRATS!!
Congrats on a year - can't wait to join you - one day at a time!!!
Congrats! I'm hot on your heels and looking forward to that day 
Wow congrats !!
&gt; Not drinking has been the best decision I have ever made in my life...This
Congrats on 365 days of beating the bottle! 
WOW! Congratulations!
Very nice congrats 
awesome
Awesome! You are amazing proud to be not drinking with you!
Congrats on - year!
Hey congratulations! I'm in my first week and I'm white knuckling it today. Can you share any resources you used? AA?
Congratulations on the milestone and where you are on your journey! I've been a lurker for a little while now and thought I'd put forward my first comment as a reply to your first post :) I will not drink with you today!
Woo hooooo!
I can hear the joy in your voice and it sounds fantastic. I like how you are focused on the future and not lamenting about the wasted time. Way to go....ten more months for me :)
Congrats and welcome to the one year club.  So much of what you state is how I feel today.  
Me too! Happy soberversary friend! I will happily not drink with you today.
Who are you calling an addict? Lol congratulations!
Congratulations! 
Woo!
Awesome! Congrats!
Congratulations!  What a great milestone. 
Congratulations on the one year. And awesome you've taken up weights. Nothing better to get in shape and let you body know you are in charge. 
Congrats!  
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!
Epic first post! Well done
&gt; I don't worry about the time I've lost when drinking . I'm focused on everything I can still do...Been struggling with this - your confidence is an inspiration.  Thank you!
I don't understand how you folks are sober for so long. It's truly remarkable
Thanks mate. Great post.
Congrats!  I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations and thank you for the inspiration!!!
