-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73jhrp/i_dont_want_to_be_sober_and_im_so_angry_that_im/

I just got a year sober (after a 6 month relapse which started after having 4 years sober) and I'm just angry. I'm honestly so fucking angry that I can't drink normally. ..I don't want to be an alcoholic. In the last year that I've been sober my life has been great but I just want so badly to not have to deal with this anymore. ..During my "6 month relapse" I would always drink to reach a certain level of intoxication and I miss it. I wish I had been able to control my drinking during those months. I wish I could take a pill and be normal with alcohol. In the beginning of the relapse I was truly not sure if I was an alcoholic (my issue had been with drugs and I got sober the first time before I was 21) but almost immediately I was drinking every night. ..Both of my parents are alcoholics... this has been the theme of my life and I'm pissed. In every other aspect of my life you would NEVER guess that I am an alcoholic. ..Do people ever grow out of it? I know right now I'm obsessing over the thought of controlled drinking so I might just need a reality check. I just don't want to be sober but I don't want my life to fall apart again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Check out the book "The Easy Way to Control Alcohol" by Allen Carr. It points out all the fallacy we have about drinking. For instance people think that drinking creates a sense of relaxation while it's actually only numbing all your senses to everything and ripping the cells in your body apart which leads to increased agitation. There's plenty of fallacies it debunks and helps you realize how worthless drinking truly is. Check it out. It may help relieve some anger! 
[removed]
I did feel the exact same way early on in my sobriety.  I also questioned weather I really was an alcoholic.  Kinda funny a non-alcoholic would not be angry and resentful about needing to forgo alcohol...I really have only been upset about it once in the last 6 months.  That was about 6 months ago when I was stagnating on my stepwork and not missing meetings...Once I got myself back on track with stepwork and meetings the anger went away...I'm not one of those who's like "omg I'm sooooo glad I'm sober now!  Alcohol is so bad for you everyone should be sober!"..I'm just indifferent about it.  I really couldn't give a fuck about the fact that I can't drink alcohol.  I don't have a desire to drink it but I'm not repulsed by it either. ..Reading books like This Naked Mind works for some.  Not for me.  I never thought alcohol was good for me.  I drank for oblivion and it provided that.  It wasn't until I erased the need for oblivion that the desire went away.  
I feel your pain man. I've spent a lot of time flat out mad that I'm an alcoholic... I'm not a Big Book thumper but it contains some undeniable truths for me... "The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker." ..
Same here both parents alcoholics and grandparents except one were alcoholics too. So I guess it's a mix of genes and learned behaviour for us. Have you read Annie Grace  this naked mind ? I found it very helpful in seeing alcohol for the poison it really is. 
