-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73ld3w/i_want_to_hear_opinions_on_switching_one/

I [24f] have struggled with addiction after addiction  the past few years. First it was food then adderall and extreme calorie restriction to remove the weight I had gained from my binge eating disorder. Then it became alcohol so I could bring some of the fun back in my life from staying inside all day not eating. ..With the help of my therapist I am now off the adderall and have been put on Prozac which has done wonders for me (I was previously on celexa for 3 years) and has made me feel the most balanced I ever have been. ..So fast forward to now I have quit drinking (thank god I snapped out of that shit and finally decided to care about myself.) i am treading lightly into my new life because of my history and being cautious of what I chose to do when I want to drink. ..Recently I have found myself craving things like a snickers bar or cheez its randomly when I hadn't had cravings for junk food like that since before adderall. ..I read advice here from someone who said as long as it's not alcohol you're good to indulge. With my history I don't think that would be wise. ..I'd be interested to hear some of your expectations with addiction swapping and how you found balance.
----------immediate responses--------

I was addicted to heroin for a long time. I was homeless constantly being arrested and hopelessly dependant on it. been off it for over 3 years now but I do smoke pot pretty frequently. I have a full time career a beautiful son and I just bought a house. haven't even had the thought of touching smack in over two years and all the people who say you need to eliminate EVERYTHING are full of shit. every person is different. do what works for you and makes you feel good about yourself and the efforts you're making 
I unfortunately have the disease of more.  I have to keep everything in check. I am never satisfied. Booze need it all.  Any hobby I need multiple versions of the same thing. Spending out of control. I am working on never drinking and keep grateful for what I have and enjoying the gift of life. It's hard but worth it. Good luck and hang in there. 
I knew to be vigilant like you and I did switch to food for a while. Eating out with the $$ saved from booze. I thoroughly enjoyed myself too. It helped me stay sober. So I gained a little weight. I stayed sober tho. I tried to be gentle with myself; little treats to celebrate my new life. I tried to look at the bigger picture of my life. After awhile I began running to get outdoors and get the weight off still being gentle and loving myself. It balanced out. Best wishes dear!
I have been smoking more weed in my quest to be sober. I find it 100x less damaging than alcohol but I eventually want to drop all drugs but caffeine 
Caution is advised...I dropped booze completely last year. A coworker one day gave me an adderal for the first time when I was exhausted and I fell in love immediately. Never got addicted but would buy some off her occasionally. ..A couple weeks later a friend gave me a whole bottle when he switched meds...Oddly I would only use on my days off to enhance fun. Never 'needed' it. But then when that ran out I found it hard to have fun sober. That led me back to the bottle...Food can be the same way. 
I love addiction swapping to something less harmful. A step-down switch. Alcohol to coffee alcohol to working out alcohol to weed whatever. I've heard people criticize people going to AA meetings "They are just switching the addiction to alcohol to going to the AA meetings!" - good! ..But listening to your words you seem like you switch from one dangerous addiction to another dangerous addiction. And your first addiction was to food. I don't think it would be wise for you to indulge in junk food based on what you have said. 
