-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/73xzq9/some_rambling_words_of_encouragement_for_anyone/

The human body has a tremendous ability to heal itself - until it doesn't.  Every body has a breaking point unfortunately.  But if you still have breath in you there's no reason to give up.  Be honest - totally honest with your doctor.  They won't judge.  They know when people are lying about their habits anyway.  ..I drank like a fish for years morning and night.  The last few years I was drinking almost a liter of vodka a day.  And not eating much at all.  I thought I'd die in my sleep or bleed out from a ruptured ulcer in my stomach.  But the thought of quitting scared me shitless.  I just assumed I would drink until I died from it - sooner rather than later because my gut was swollen and I was bleeding when I pooped - I just assumed I was dying.  And I was slowly but surely!  ..Anyway I had seizures one day at work (at a law office in front of many people) and was in the hospital for 4 days.  The dr told me I had to quit drinking or I'd be dead in a few years at the most.  ..Something just clicked inside me and I knew I don't want to die like that - alone and drunk in a filthy studio apt.   Those first few months were hard I won't lie.  Boredom is the biggest enemy.  But I distracted myself by chatting online with people at SMARTRecovery.org and listening to a lot of AA speaker mp3s.  I also went on a lot of walks and learned to cook healthy food for myself.  ..It got easier over time.  There are still ups and downs life as usual - but I haven't picked up a drink since that day 5 and a half years ago.  ..In that time I got married to a fantastic women and we now have a 3 year old son who looks up to me like I'm Superman (and is currently sleeping on my chest as I type this).  I'm happy.  ..My life isn't perfect - I still suffer some collateral damage from my drinking years.  Massive debt damaged relationships etc.   But I'm sober.  I'm clear-headed.  And I'm alive!..My point is this:  if you are thinking of quitting and are scared:  please know that it IS possible.  You have strength in you that you aren't aware of right now.  You can do it.  The time is now.      ..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you I needed this
Great post what a transformation!..Thanks for sharing and inspiring others - I won't drink with you today!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thanks that was great to read.
I'm so glad you did this.  I lost my sister in February due to a failed liver from years of alcohol abuse.  9 years ago she was told she had 10% liver functioning and only had up to 5 years to live.  She lived another 10 but continued to drink the whole time...She would have blood in her feces and would lose control of her bowels to the point where she had to wear depends-she was only in her 40s eyes would turn fluorescent yellow hair falling out  still kept drinking.  She lost everything to alcohol her marriage kids jobs everything.  She died at only 52...She left 2 kids behind who now have to grow up knowing she chose alcohol over them. ..I'm really proud of you for what you did.  You chose life and now have a beautiful son who loves you so much.  ..Thanks for telling us your story.  It reinforces how important it is to have a sober life and live to love our loved ones not alcohol. ..I'm only on day 3 continuing on for a better life!  ..
Respect to all those who have done some serious damage but are still doing their best to recover and come back as the strongest version of themselves. You're awesome hard to imagine I'd have the strength for the second wind like you.
Thank you 
thank you for posting
First of all congratualtions on 5+ years. Secondly thanks for sharing. You're such an inspiration. 
&gt;But if you still have breath in you there's no reason to give up..What a powerful statement. True that! Congrats on your sobriety best wishes to you and your family :).
Thanks for this its' needed today. 
Love this!! 
Really good to read your post I am nearing the month mark and I will admit am struggling. Staying sober but its hard.
Thank you for sharing your story and congratulations on your marriage and son that made me smile for you :)
Inspiring story thanks for sharing!
Thanks for that.  Enjoy that snuggle boy!!
Great post mate. Love these. Thank you so much. Legend  
