-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7402he/i_am_an_alcoholic/

Known this for years. Freely admitted it as part of me. Struggle with not drinking. I will always be an alcoholic. I was a smoker but not anymore. No desire to smoke. I was a drug user but not anymore. Just seemed pointless. I was a spendthrift but not anymore. No desire to live month to month. Was a womanizer but not anymore. No depth of relationship. And yet I will always be an alcoholic. One drink away from ... all the things that drinking brings. Maybe time the final currency (David Crosby) will let me grow away from drink and into living but I will always be an alcoholic. Never heard of a alcohol survivor. Allergic to or recovering from or in a program yet no cure. Strange but true. IWNDWYTD. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've often felt the same way as you (I have/had a lot of the same habits).  I recently entered outpatient at Hazelden and have found it helps.  I dislike a lot of AA but I have found that having a community (be it in person or online) really really helps.  
As long as I just forgo ONE little drink I'm great - the first one today...I have a happy joyous life!  ..Alcohol is no part of it.
same here and I have tobe very careful to not fight it and rationalize my way out of it
Enjoy the sobrietyWill not drink W/U today
Very true all of it. I always was amused by the term  spirits  like letting a genie out of a bottle
I think the "always an alcoholic" thing is heavily influenced by our society. Harmful illicit drugs aren't advertised constantly as the way to bond socialize and relax. They also aren't front and center in everyday interactions. Alcohol is the exception. While I can fairly effectively remove myself from the culture surrounding most other drugs that's not really possible with booze (even where I live in Utah)...So  I'll always be an alcoholic because I always have to be on guard against alcohol. Alcohol only has to win once to send me back where I was so I have to prevent that one win. 
