-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/740mdo/a_drinking_town_with_a_skiing_problem/

I still have moments where I get triggered but overall my cravings are slim to none at this point especially with all of the positives in my life;..1. People regularly comment on how good I look. Eyes hair skin or just "something" looks different. It feels really good...2. I'm ready for any impromptu adventure. Invited to go on a late evening run with a cute girl? Sure I'll go!..3. I can actually hydrate in the morning without fighting the need to throw up and don't need half as much coffee to function...4. Ability to focus! ..5. My irritability has plummeted. Sure my co-workers can be annoying but now I think I was always just hung over and was annoyed with everything...6. I buy such good food and treats! Many meals used to just be a 6 pack or two.....7. Some people are uncomfortable with me not drinking but most admit "I should do something like that too..." I try not to bring it up really I don't want to be preachy. If you want to drink good on ya. But I've noticed cutting back can be contagious. ..8. I used to think alcohol was a performance enhancing drug for sex if you will but let's just say both parties are quite satisfied with me not drinking anymore!..9. I feel smarter; sharper...10. I sleep so damn good and have a mixed array of dreams...11. Anxiety still exists but much more manageable. ..12. At times I feel socially awkward AF. After years and years of using alcohol as a social crutch the struggle can be real. But at the same time I'm much more intentional with my words and responses. So before when I would laugh at any stupid thing I can handle an awkward moment when I choose not to laugh at times.....13. Did I mention how good I feel? And how people comment regularly?? :)..SD is always one click away on my phone and I am truly grateful for this sub and community. There is a lot of inspiration on here whether it's someone's "Day 1" or 1000+. I hope others can find strength and motivation through this sub as well and know while all of your troubles won't magically disappear a shit ton of them will by cutting back/eliminating alcohol from your life (in my opinion...)! ..Won't drink today.. Didn't drink yesterday.. Probably won't drink tomorrow too....
----------immediate responses--------

This is good stuff! Did I mention you're looking great too? 
Wahey! That's great to hear keep up the good work mate.....I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Sleeeep. Even the worst nights are better by morn
"I'm ready for any impromptu adventure. Invited to go on a late evening run with a cute girl? Sure I'll go!"..This one hits home!  This is a reason not to drink that I've underestimated.  My gal (and many gals I think) love impulsive plans. I do too.  Being able to participate sober on short notice is hugely empowering.  I can receive a call at 11pm any night and be available to give someone a ride or just have a meaningful conversation on the phone or invite my gal over without shame!.Huge.  Thanks for compiling this list!.No drinks for me today :)
What a great list! I can relate...For me impromptu adventures weren't just about driving at night. I had so much anxiety when I was drinking that if someone said "Want to go on a road trip next month?" I would have thought "nooo no I can't!"..Now I say "I can definitely swing plans for a month from now. See you then!"..And just wait until you start seeing folks you haven't seen for a few months or a year. The compliments really start pouring in!
