-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/742e1i/in_a_car_crash_yesterdayscared_and_stressed_and/

I was driving on the motorway yesterday a big concrete slab came off the truck in front of me and I don't have time to swerve and I have to drive over it. I hear my tyre pop and my car starts flashing everything at me. I drive until I get to a lay-by.  My hands are shaking and I struggle to remember who I am insured with and whether I have road side assistance. Slowly information comes into my head...I have written it in the notes section on my phone. I look it up and call them. Road side assistance will be there soon....like 90 minutes. I don't know what to do. This has never happened to me before. I wait. I get nervous. I try to look at my car and the wheel but the traffic driving past me scares me even more. So I sit and wait. I tidy my glove box. I text friends to say where I am. The guy comes to look at the wheel and puts the spare on. He takes off the damaged tyre and looks at the wheel it's cracked and he says basically I am fucked because I need a new tyre and a new wheel which are Amg alloys and my car is a relatively new Mercedes. I call Mercedes they quote me a lot of money and say they can't do it until 10th October. The roadside assistance man is busy re-telling me I can only go 50 miles per hour or I will pop that tyre too and then I am truly fucked. It takes me 3 hours driving home at 50 miles per hour cars are flashing their lights at me and I am stressed and white knuckling the steering wheel.  I get home. My legs are shaking. I still have energy to empty my car of everything. I clean when I get in. I try to sleep. It keeps replaying over and over in my head. I know I have a fridge full of alcohol that I haven't thought of at all lately. By 2 in the morning I think about getting up and drinking. I make myself stay in bed...Today I made the call and spoke to Mercedes and started crying. They said they could fit me in. I went in and they called to say there is a lot of damage. Now I can't get to work. Now I am stressed. The guy talks about how much it is going to cost. I agree to it because I don't know what else to do. I have spent the day trying to concentrate but it keeps replaying over in my head. I still haven't touched alcohol. I am desperate to distract myself. I know it's just a car I know it's amazing that I am not hurt and didn't smash the car into pieces. I know that. Right now the battle is inside of me between my head trying to deal with it stopping the negative thought cycles and not opening that fridge..ironically it is an alcohol / bar fridge...so I don't have to open it. I have made food I have kept myself busy...but the night is drawing in and I feel how frantic my brain is and know that I am entering the danger time. I am just looking for any ideas you guys have anything that will get me through tonight...tomorrow fingers crossed the car is fixed and life resumes.....doesn't it?
----------immediate responses--------

I am so glad that you are okay! Ending up on the side of the freeway is terrifying. ..A few weeks ago I had something happen to me that caused a whole lot of negative emotions. I couldn't sleep. I kept thinking "what if...". I was angry because it happened *to* me I had no say in the matter. I really wanted to stop thinking and the only way I know how to do that is to get drunk. Obviously I can't do that. So I just had to feel all those emotions. That sucked. Then I started doing things to better the situation as best I could. Also sucked. It's still not fixed and I have to be patient. Super-duper sucks. But... it will be fixed and life will go on and I will still be sober. ..I am not a religious person and I don't attend AA but the serenity prayer helped me immensely during this stressful time: God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change courage to change the things I can and wisdom to know the difference...Stay strong. Be patient. I will not drink with you. 
So sorry this happened toyou...Is there a way you can show yourself some tender care ? Soft music? Cup of tea pajamas binge warch a favorite tv show or read a book that is like an old friend? Tell the story to sympathetic friends or family members?..If i went througnsomething like that i would need some time and care to recover. 
Ps 401 days is really impressive
Glad you weren't hurt. ..Why do you have a fridge full of booze? You are 65 days in which is awesome! Not something I could deal with. That fridge would be empty by morning.
It was my test of when I started re- introducing friends over to my environment and they were drinking.  So if I could handle them drinking in my own space I knew I was doing ok. Their left over alcohol is in my fridge and up till now has not been a problem. But you make a good point. Would it have been as tempting if I knew nothing was there? On the bright side I didn't drink last night and now that I have made it through I am ok again. 
Get rid of the alcohol dump it out. Your friends can bring it over then take it home. ..That was a stressful thing to happen. Way to go for not drinking! Yay!
