-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/743t7h/obligatory_200_days_post/

I don't know if it's obligatory or not but I felt the need to say more than I usually say in the check in. ..It's been 200 days. Overall not all that much has changed. My life is still chaotic - 3 children one with several chronic health issues and one with several mental health diagnoses will do that. My work hasn't improved that much (see above re: children) but I'm working on that. I still have no love life but I don't really have the time or the energy for one anyway so that's still fine. I still never see anyone (see above re: children). My depression hasn't improved at all. ..But I feel better. My health feels better. I have lost a little weight thru weight watchers and just not drinking eleventy glasses of wine every night. I am still always tired but I don't sleep well and now when I wake up in the mornings I'm just tired not tired AND headachey and achey in general. ..I honestly don't think about drinking any more. I go to trivia sometimes and am not tempted. I can discuss craft beer with people and not get an urge to have one. I can watch people drink and not want one myself. 99.9% of the time I'm just fine without drinking (unless my mother is on one of her tears then I get a little twitchy). ..I don't think I could have stuck it out if it weren't for this sub. I feel a little guilty about how easy it's been although I don't feel complacent or smug about it. I am thankful it's been easy for me because I see how so many others struggle with relapsing. So thanks SD. I couldn't have done it without you. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know you know that I kinda keep an eye on you on this sub but did you know that one of the reasons is that you inspire me?  You are so honest about the tough times but you keep doing what you can and you haven't reached for booze in 200 days despite those hard times.  When life is easy taking care of oneself can also be pretty easy.  But you show me that self-care in the form of staying sober can also be done when life is pushing all of your buttons.  So thank you for your honesty for staying on here and sharing with us and HELL YEAH to 200 days!!
Congrats. :)..Sometimes small changes give big results even if it's subtle. Like health. Feeling better can be a kind of huge thing in retrospect or at least it was for me. 
And in 2 days a Lovely Palindrome!
Congrats sweetie! With all that you have on your plate you're *still* kicking ass!!!! I'm so happy for you my dear friend :). Let's have some fun! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXrJdOD5syo
