-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74ceg5/i_scratch_your_back_you_knife_mine/

I did a coworker the solid of letting him stay at my place while he dries out/gets back on his feet. I recently had a relapse prior but have been hitting up meetings and working hard to get back where I was...sober. So anyways I lent this guy money shared my food offered him my shifts to help him financially and he repays me by stealing $1300 from my room and $700 from my neighbor in cash and collectibles. I just feel so betrayed as I went out of my way to help him. ..I really felt tempted to drink yesterday and today (1300 is more to me than I'd care to admit) - but I didn't. Instead I made police reports. Contacted his family. Put him on blast on Facebook. And had his car towed. There's definitely a fire burning in my belly flames I once could only extinguish with booze. While the embers might still be burning I haven't succumbed to my desires for he can take my belongings and a ton of my cash but he will never take my sobriety. I'll still pretty heated about the thing. ..I also found needles and dope bags among the many many beer cans. I like to think I'm a good judge of character and that people are generally good if you are kind and honest with them. It sucks the money is gone but it sucks even worse he's damaged my peace of mind and my ability to trust others...Thanks for reading and being people of integrity. I can't help but feel there's a shortage of them in times like these :(..Edit: just realized he smashed my gaming systems :( ugh I'm broken 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you had this experience and lost that money but I'm glad that you did not drink. This was a true test for you and you passed it!..&gt;I like to think I'm a good judge of character .Junkies gunna junk. Don't beat yourself up over this a good and trusting person is always at a disadvantage in this situation. 
I cannot begin to imagine how betrayed you must feel. I can empathize a little because someone close to me stole my credit cards and left me owing 1000s but somehow cash seems much much worse. Especially after you opened your heart and your home and shared so generously with him. I really like where you say that "...he can take my belongings and a ton of my cash but he will never take my sobriety." It's a pretty badass powerful thing for you to say. Like something from a movie. And the fact of the matter is you are 100% right. Your sobriety is intangible -- like your dignity or your integrity -- no human being can take these things from you you can only give them away. And it is so inspiring to hear how despite the level of betrayal you experienced you didn't give in and lose your sobriety. I was at a meeting on Monday and we were talking about step four specifically with regards to financial obligations and all these people were sharing about money they had stolen and how years later they went back to make financial amends. Perhaps someday a year or two from now he will return -- sober himself -- to make financial amends to you. And I know this little comfort in a moment like this but perhaps your kindness (which he so callously betrayed) will actually be part of the universe setting him on his own path to salvation. 
Man good job not giving in to the booze after all that. 115 days is solid and a great accomplishment. 
As I was reading this I was thinking...  hurting' yourself will in no way  hurt' him. I'm very impressed you've withstood this test. No easy thing to do.   
I'm glad you're not drinking over this. Like you said don't let him get the best of you. You did a nice thing to help him. You have a good heart. ..I'm not excusing his behavior and you did right to file charges but I will say one thing. His actions are classic addict behavior. We addicts do terrible things when we are in the throes of our addiction...I won't drink with you tonight.
Ah man. I went through the same shit when I was much younger. Let a guy crash with me and he stole a pair of subs I had along with whatever else he could get his hands on before disappearing...Saw him a few years back and he still looked strung out driving the same beater he had nearly 20 years ago and looked like he was living out of his car. I don't wish ill on anyone but I will say that people get what they give. ..Sucks that this happened to you but eventually you'll come to forgive and forget; not for his sake but for yours. 
Fuck!!
