-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74k4cq/sad_news_on_a_happy_day/

Just received news that my uncle passed away after a shockingly violent and quick battle with liver cancer.  He drank heavily throughout his life and couldn't put it down even after his initial diagnosis. Regardless he was a young man in his fifties with four kids and a wife. ..This is the second family member I've lost this year to the complications of life with alcohol. My sister passed away last December after her own struggle with addiction and mental illness...Coincidentally today happens to be one year for me alcohol free. ..Right now I am just very sad for my uncle for my sister and for the tragic reminders of why people like myself shouldn't...On the bright side I know I won't be drinking today and that I can celebrate with as much ice cream and bubbly water as I please. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!  
I am terribly sorry to hear the sad news about your uncle. 
Congratulations on your sobriety! I am sorry for your losses. Alcoholism is a deadly disease. Stay strong!
I'm very sorry for you sadness and loss....and so proud of you for making it to 365 that is a major milestone indeed!
I'm sorry for your loss(es) and impressed at your strength to remain clean. ......
My deepest sympathies for your losses. That is hard news indeed. We're here to support you. And yes certainly even more good reason not to drink. Keep staying strong; great job on making it a year. 
I'm sorry for your losses. Congratulations on a year I'm not drinking with you today.
It's always sad to hear about people refusing and/or unable to stop even as they can see they're drawing their own end closer. I have friends who lost family due to this. They might not have been preventable but they certainly could have been around longer even after hearing the bad news...Glad to hear you're sober and  sounding happy though. A year is a big deal. 
