-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74mmlw/pleased_that_i_relapsed_really/

Something I just remembered. A couple of weeks ago I told my best friend I started drinking again and she said  Thank God for that. Wanna go and get pissed?  (UK meaning of  pissed  that is.) ..Remembering that has just made me pissed. (US meaning of  pissed  that is!)..I'm not convinced she actually is my best friend anymore. Maybe she never was..
----------immediate responses--------

People just don't understand the struggle until they've stared it in the face.   I remember when I thought it was clever and edgy to make dark jokes about ruining my life with alcohol even to the point when I had already started ruining my life with alcohol.   
Being sober really gave me and I suppose my friends perspective on our friendship. No one knew my problem like me. Most assumed I went overboard from time to time. ..I can sort my friends easily now. Either they're drinking buddies or friends. ..Drinking buddies are always looking for companions in depravity. ..It's been hard for me honestly to see what I thought as friendships turn out to be nothing more than drinking buddies. It hurts. And sucks. ..I'm sorry you went through this. It only makes you stronger and more self aware. Glad you're back with friends!
Don't worry mate she just hasn't escaped from the Matrix yet like we have that's all......British Drinking Culture is utterly utterly toxic and we are essentially a nation of alcoholics sleepwalking our way into disaster.....Your friend may well have many splendid reedeeming qualities as a person just a bit of a mental 'blind spot' where the mood-altering life-ruining drug Ethanol is concerned.... it's very common.....Stick the kettle on eh let's have a brew and not get pissed today!..We're also a nation of caffeine addicts and almost no-one seems to question that either.... hehe.....Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
For some people that might signify as "oh great they don't have a problem! Let's celebrate." Especially if they struggle with alcohol or put it on a pedestal. It can be a relief when someone who you think is "worse" than you can keep going and seem ok. ..Of course I have no idea what kind of conversation you had about it when you quit. The significance changes depending on whether they thought it was a break or were told it's a life or death or somewhere in between those. One is appropriate the other is a wild lack of caring about your well being. ..Do you what you need to do to stay sober and/or healthy. Maybe this person isn't good for you. But don't forget to consider how different their perspective may be. 
I have some friends like that. They like me better drunk. But I like me better sober :)
We all have (or had) those friends. The reality is your commitment to not drink makes other people think introspectively about their own drinking.  Wow if Nancy thinks she has a drinking problem what does that say about me?  Also with our drinking culture being what it is it's acceptable for people to drink heavily and not abnormal when they do to the point of vomiting (this is crazy to me now). I still have people in my life who think I'm probably just over-reacting. I'm almost a year in now though. If you stay steadfast the people around you will learn to accept it. Stay away from the people who try to pressure you into drinking but everyone else will come around eventually. Hang in there! Getting sober is really hard but I promise staying sober is very manageable. 
A very dear friend of mine said something to the effect of "now you won't be fun anymore" when I told her of my sobriety.  Initially I was horrified and hurt and angry for what appeared to be her lack of support.  I later realized that it was her fear of me changing and our relationship changing that made her say that.  I gave our relationship some space and when it felt right we had a good talk and now we're as close as we were before.  Maybe even more so.  Not saying your friend's motivation was the same - it's quite possible she is just an asshole :)  But maybe it's just fear or even jealousy talking.  Do what feels right to you and what keeps your sobriety safe.  xoxo
I had a friend jokingly tell the group that he "wouldn't be friends with you monkeys if you didn't drink".  He was joking but that is what we do together 99% of the time.
