-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74o14z/today_is_going_to_be_a_rough_day/

It's 940am and the thought of having a drink has already crossed my mind more than once this morning. The first time I've really had a "craving" since going sober. I can't pinpoint a specific trigger but when I was chatting with someone at an AA meeting he told me about HALT. Hungry Angry Lonely Tired. HALT can lead to a relapse he said. I'm definitely 3 of the 4. I can't really say I'm angry at least any more angry than normal. I'm not angry at a specific person or situation. I've had a relatively good week all things considered. Maybe the stress is getting to me.  .  .I want a drink but I didn't make one. I came here and posted instead. Sorry for the ramble.
----------immediate responses--------

No need to apologize my friend its good to have you here.
Hmm. It's not even 8am here and I have sparks of that excited butterfly feeling of a Friday sunny crisp fall day knowing the weekend is almost here and I want to drink too.  But I won't.  ..Thank you for sharing the HALT......I like it and will remember it. I really appreciate you posting this and hope you have a great day one where I won't be drinking with you :)
At 5 months sober I had a craving that brought me to my knees.  Around then I completed my Fifth Step with my sponsor I haven't had a troubling thought about drinking since (13+ years).  I think it took so long for my mental obsession to be removed because I drank alcoholilcy for such a long time.
I've made it an hour. One hour at a time at the moment.
Hi. I went thru thesame thing around the same time as you. Had terrible cravings due to incredibly stressful situations. I literally went hour by hour of not drinking instead of day by day. It worked. All I did was say ok i wont have a drink this hour and then the next.  Before I knew it it was bedtime. Same thing for the next day.  I made it. Now 41 days in and its awesome.  Stay strong. Check in here often.  Youve got this.  If I could do it. I know you can as well
You will get through the day Not drinking today with you.
I reached out to a guy I met at my first AA meeting this past Saturday. He gave me his number told me to reach out if I'm having a bad day. Turns out he relapsed over the last few days and he ended up calling me while absolutely hammered and I counseled him for 20 mins instead of the other way around. I can't tell if I feel better or worse.
