-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74pb5b/help_someone_quit/

My boyfriend of four years drinks daily. Typically a 375 of vodka and one or two tall cans of 8% Ice House...I was drinking too much and too regularly until three weeks ago when my mental health (which has always been an issue) deteriorated to the point that I had a stay in inpatient psych. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and haven't touched alcohol since. No withdraw or anything...Anyway the bf's drinking doesn't tempt me but it's tiresome. He gets loud rude interupty (takes us an hour to watch a 30 minute show). He's convince that he's a fun drunk but has barely any friends any more. We don't get invited to parties and my best friend hates him...If I try to talk to him about it he says I'm projecting that it's his time and money that he's made himself chemically dependent in his younger years and recovered (he and his friends thought of themselves as "rock stars"). I feel like I can't get through to him. I love him and don't want to leave him but I don't know what to do. Plus I worry what would happen if I left and I have no where to go...On top of all this he got laid off in January. He's been struggling to find work in his field (web dev) and is rapidly running out of money. I don't know how were going to pay November's rent. I can't get him to break down and get a gas station type job because of his extreme anxiety and that " it wouldn't cover my bills anyway." I even offered to get him a dish pit job at the restaurant I work at. Instead he drinks and stresses...He rationalizes his drinking in that he's stressed buys cheap booze and there's nothing else to do in our town that's cheap and fun...How can I convince an extremely stubborn person that they have a drinking problem? He's a smart and compassionate person when he's sober but that's less and less often.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; How can I convince an extremely stubborn person that they have a drinking problem? ..You can't. And it sucks. ..I knew I had a problem for years but there was no way in Hell I'd talk to anyone about it. I shut that shit down immediately. Unfortunately it took a serious decline in my mental and physical health for me to get it together. Fortunately my husband stuck around for me to apologize to. 
You should really be focusing on yourself.  Unfortunately the only thing you can do for him is to be a living example of how recovery works.  And because you are so new to sobriety yourself it's  a particularly dangerous time to be focused on someone else's recovery...But that's good news!  You get to focus on yourself which keeps you safe and it is also the best thing you do for your boyfriend by showing him how sobriety is working in your life!..You're doing great.  Don't let his troubles derail your own work!  You can still LOVE him and focus on yourself at the same time.
I needed support in a similar situation. Alanon meetings helped me cope with the alcohol abuse of loved ones. This is a support group for friends and family of alcoholics. See /r/Alanon. 
It doesn't have to be hard!..Glad you're here!..Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I kept going and the benefits appeared!..I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
It's dangerous to try to help someone who is "drowning" and doesn't want to be saved. Unfortunately the person has to take some major hits before they realize they have a problem. Also a side note get your mental health reevaluated after a year of being sober. Coming off an addiction as extreme as alcohol will produce symptoms of bi-polar anxiety and depression in the early stages. Same thing happened to my brother and he hasn't had a manic episode since he quit drinking and abusing ADD pills. Also look up post acute withdraw syndrome or P.A.W.S.
