-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/74x1xa/having_one_of_those_hour_at_a_time_days/

Really feeling the struggle. I think my husband resents me because he feels like he can't drink now although I never said that. I know he resents that I can't just be a fun binge partner and then snap back to my normal happy self the next day. ..It's 3:52. I will not have a drink in the next 60 mins...Edit-..I feel on the verge of tears because of all the support and encouragement I received within minutes of making this post. I haven't had a drink and I can say with confidence that I won't drink tonight. Thank you guys so much. Aside from checking in here every 10 mins I cleaned my house up had an iced coffee made a nice dinner for my family bathed all my kiddos and I'm looking forward to brewing some detox tea and catching up on a show. My triggers seem to be tiredness (I have a young baby) and boredom. I am going to research tools to help redirect myself in the future but this sub is invaluable to me right now. I'm sad that I came so close to breaking and I'm scared that I'm weak. I'm happy I didn't break today though.
----------immediate responses--------

I am with you for the next 60! Hang in there friend!
I will not drink with you! Hang in there!
How are you doing? Thinking about you.
Just wanted to say you're almost there! Two more minutes!
I will also not drink for you for the next hour! Having a hard day too. Right there with you. 
You can do it. I know you can. And I know you can go even longer than an hour. 
How r u doing? It's only one hour at a time and soon...it will be over. You can do this. You got it. Tomorrow you will feel proud and happy. 
You know some days are better than others.  An you get to the bottom of it? Why you are feeling it today? Ho trigger hunting? Have you ever done stop drinking meditations and self hypnosis? There are loads on YouTube. I love how they make me feel so much better in a short time. Maybe it's something you would like? 
Was in the hour by hour boat the other day. I made the trip. Keep going. Beat this shit  
I really appreciate everyone's support. I can say with confidence that I'm making it through today without drinking. I'm upset that I had such a strong craving though. 
You can do this!
When I am not well/bored I put my walking shoes on &amp; get out in the fresh air. Doesn't matter if I already been to the gym etc. Today I dragged myself through the forest collecting chestnuts - roasted them tonight (yummy). Yesterday I walked to the supermarket instead of going by car etc. The walking &amp; fresh air clears my head and gives a "good tired"..
I made myself a mocktail with apple cider vinegar lemon juice ginger and soda water with some stevia - poured it over ice with a cherry and it is surprisingly suppressing my Saturday afternoon craving. ..As far as the husband goes yeah I know how that feels.  When one person changes and the other doesn't even if supportive it changes things.  I have to hold out on the belief that things will change for the better though...Hang in there TH you got this!
You must read your edit. You aren't weak; you're human. Keep fighting and keep posting here. We're all in it together. We can do it. We will do it. 
[removed]
I had an hour by hour day today too. (First Saturday) You're post reminded me I wasn't alone.  Thanks.
Good on you for staying strong.  Also for being strong enough to ask for help. ..
Sounds like you were able to have a much more productive day instead! Keep it up! 
