-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/751orv/made_it_to_150_days_and_thought_i_could_handle_it/

Edit: I have no idea why someone is going through this thread and down voting all of the comments I received. Whoever you are - hope you end up having a better day. ..Hello all! I just wanted to share my story just in case it helps anyone....I've been previously diagnosed with depression and an anxiety disorder many years back. I never dealt with it in a productive way. .Once I turned 21 and was able to purchase alcohol my relationship with it started to get skewed. Over the course of two years my struggle with this issue progressively got worse - however I was still highly functioning (in the sense that I graduated college and was about to graduate with my masters)...In December of 2016 I made a resolution that I wouldn't drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes. My anxiety (i have very bad health anxiety) was heightened and I was convinced I had liver failure [I didn't AST: 14 and ALT: 8 two months ago]. ..I ended up making it to 150 days without smoking cigarettes or drinking out of sheer terror that I was dying. As the months passed I felt like "one drink will not affect me." I remember I ordered a margarita and was terrified of drinking it. The buzz felt nice...and I automatically felt like I needed another. This eventually led to me drinking on the weekends (somewhat heavily). Slowly started to crave more...just to escape the anxiety I've always felt. ..Fast forward to two months ago when I got my blood tests. My liver enzymes were normal. You'd think that would make me feel happy? Kind of - but it scared me. I drank so much and my body is still normal...might as well drink more because my body can handle it. (no logic). So I spent about two months drinking and smoking cigarettes incessantly (Just like I did in December 2016)...People warned me that I wouldn't be able to go back to moderation. As much as I'd love to be that person who enjoys two drinks - I can't. I almost always overdo it. Two drinks does not feel good to me and I don't think it ever will...But today is my day 1 ...hoping I make it longer.
----------immediate responses--------

This is me too. I quit for almost a year thought I could handle it but eventually drank to excess  you know with deliberation. I knew I was doing myself harm but thankfully blood tests proved within normal range. Then I thought so I should wait until they aren't?  I stopped drinking again. Hopefully this time takes. Alcohol is not for me. We won't drink together today okay?
I'm sorry to hear you relapsed.  Thinking that you've reset yourself and can handle it again gets a lot of people.  I've had it a few times but I know it's a trick.
I had over a year under my belt when I decided to pick it back up "because it was good for getting to know people at my new job."..It was fine for a while. Fell back into old patterns soon enough. 
150 days shows you can do this.  Recommit to that pattern and lifestyle again.  Remember who you were with when you decided to drink. Remember if that person encouraged you not to.  Ask yourself is this person my friend ?   Unfortunately I had to ask myself that dozens of times and realized quickly that my decision not to drink was somehow an attack on their lifestyle lol. ...Don't beat yourself up.  150 days tells me you can do this 
Congrats on getting back up after falling down. Try not to be too hard on yourself. You got it back together and that's the end game after all. 
When I understood and accepted my alcoholism any thoughts of moderation disappeared. Reading *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam was the turning point for me. 
Sorry that you relapsed but glad you are right here back at it!!! And thanks for the reminder that moderation just won't work for me. Wishing you all the best on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
it's all good. you learned some great lessons during your active drinking. now you can put them to use in your sobriety. i came back to drinking time and again over the years... all of the knowledge i gained from those attempts to moderate have really helped me in y sobriety.  
Fully understand. I lost 10 months thinking I could drink like a normie. I learned that moderation is not in the cards for me. I don't want a few drinks.  I want all the drinks. After the 10 months I was back to drinking almost a handle of Vodka a day within in a months time. It's so much easier to stay stopped then to stop. Good luck on your journey. 
I'm in about the same boat as you just downstream a little further. I made it to 7 months then "celebrated" with one beer. Now 3 months later I got back to daily drinking. I just came back now to reset my badge to yesterday. I wish I'd not relapsed and will be stronger this time.
I lost track how many times I was going to "try moderation again." Moderation works for me until it doesn't. That first tipsy night is only a few weeks away from a black out night. 
Thanks for sharing oakpleut. I think it's really impressive you made it to 150 days but I also think your reasons might've been holding you back. Fear is definitely a good motivator but it's not the most rewarding one. I like the posts here that talk about all the positive things that happen when you stop because that's what keeps me trying. Not just to get rid of the negatives but to embrace the good things too.
I completely understand the blood test thing when i got my results my honest thoughts were "haha oh shit ok can keep on drinking like this then!" which is super fucked. .I also suffer from anxiety/depression and OCD and today was day 1 for me too. .I hope you get better and start to see the great things in life. For me today it was laughing at a joke without being drunk because previously i had been under the impression that i couldn't have a good time unless drunk. It's about taking it day by day and i sincerely hope you have a genuine giggle at something soon!
It's tough needing two beers right now but have 20 bucks for four days this week. Literally blowing gas money i might need for work because of the urge. I'm in the same boat as you and hope you get better. You've quit before you can again. It's all mental you can have those two drinks but drink water with it to distract you or literally leave if you're feeling the urge for more. Alcohol is that silent thing always calling your name. 
