-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/754na2/my_first_child_is_due_in_two_weeks_and_i_decided/

Hello i am your typical product of genetic alcaholisim. Memories of my grandfather are filled with purple velvet bags and i know what that means to my health... Growing up in new orleans i suprisingly skipped the whole early social drinking thing in highschool. It all started for me while i was in college full time and working late nights. Id occasionally pick up a half pint on my way home and drink to help sleep. That quickly delved into drinking as much as i can before i fall asleep and then drinking while at work. This led me to loose my job and my independence after a dwi. I moved back home and then began to drink to fight off the depression of what i knew was happening... That continued for a few years before i met the love of my life. She saw me struggling and has poured everything she has into helping me. I want nothing more than to be the man she knows i can be but i continue to fuck up. At first i thought i was still having episodes because i was stressed because she has her own issues to deal with (family) which frequently spill over into our life. It tears me up inside because there is nothing i can do to fix her lack of a family and it is so important to her. Her own mother and father didnt even come to the baby shower. ..Its been a rough pregnancy but the past couple of weeks had made a turn. She is feeling ok getting the baby's room together we are excited. Yesterday i did something that terrified me. Risking her and the babys well being i impulsively bought a bottle and started drinking. I dont know why other than i just wanted to be drunk. Work has been great no argumentd at home my birthday was on friday. But somehow that fucking demon inside of me beat my will down just enough to get me to take a sip. And as we know a sip is never enough. I pissed my pants pissed in the garbage can and tried to put ziploc bags on my feet and said they were my shoes. I am at my end. I go to therapy i go to meetings i just started taking gabapentin but it still came out. I dont know what to do to restrain myself. My baby girl will be here in two weeks and all ive been able to think about is making sure we are a happy healthy family. It still came out. Kind and harsh words are appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can't change what you did last night but you can choose to be sober from now on. You can be the.dad that little.girl deserves to have. .I believe in you. .I hope you get some real life support for those time you just want a drink.  .I will not drink with you today! 
You will lose everything if you keep that up. Your woman and your child.  Always keep that in mind be terrified of it.  Don't let yourself forget 
[removed]
Hey I'm not saying it as an excuse but also a lot of things are about to change in your life so maybe that triggered you somehow? I am much the same as you genetic alcoholic but it still got me too...It was a hard process for me to quit drinking and I definitely had a few stop and starts but it has made a world of difference. And I didn't quit until my kid was 5. I was lucky that I didn't have any emergencies on the nights I was passed out or drunk. ..Once the baby comes things will be really hard and stressful for awhile babies are tough. So maybe you can use these last two weeks to find a healthy outlet that you actually enjoy? For me I think the difference in my quitting this time around was that instead of viewing it as aw man I have to stop drinking because I'm an alcoholic I had already (on my previous attempts) found things that I enjoyed doing sober (for me it was reading puzzles yoga long walks with my dog baths...) and that helped me have something to turn to on a bad day. Although sometimes that's ice cream haha. But yea somewhere along the line it changed into a positive thing. And I stopped hating myself for being fallible and just treated myself kindly bad days and mistakes and all. Good luck man babies are tough but such a beautiful experience &lt;3 life changing!!
I think maybe just start with today. Make the change today. Commit to not drinking today. And then do it again tomorrow. And the next. And then just keep on doing it. ..For me the idea that I had to make all the changes at once just overwhelmed me and left me feeling like a failure which led to drowning my sorrows. But once I started making the choice minute by minute hour by hour day by day it became easier and easier. Small attainable goals made it easier to feel successful. ..You can do it! I will not drink with you today. Or tomorrow!
I am concerned about the idea of a demon that just comes out inexplicably--I don't see how you could outsmart a thing like that. Can you make it less abstract and less separate from yourself? Perhaps that way you can begin to dissect the actual moments feelings and actions you took and respond differently next time. ..I think it shuts down that examination when we say "It happened" as if "it" is a sudden random act of weather we have no hope of overpowering. There is a genetic legacy but that is also a distancing concept that removes our power. *Someone* had specific name-able feelings and the feelings were painful and that someone shut down his thoughts and made an internal decision to make the pain go away and hurried to the liquor store before he could think. ..And for the harsh(er) part: please don't underestimate the damage and injustice of having an alcoholic parent. If you were that infant who was brought into the world by people who couldn't give you what you deserved you know powerlessness and I am so sorry. It is crippling and miserable and is likely not unrelated to the powerlessness you reflexively feel now. ..You have a chance now to break that chain of miseries bequeathed and your daughter deserves nothing less. She's here now--she's not abstract. She can be born at any moment. She needs you now not tomorrow and her mother needs you clear and capable when she goes into labor. Demonstrate the greatest lesson you can ever teach your daughter: she matters. ..I will not drink with you today.
