-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/758dce/returning_full_of_regret_and_hope/

Hey guys ..Coming back to the community today starting on day one again. ..I reset a few times lately but not posted anything and not seriously done anything about the impending doom that's been lurking in the back of my skull. I started drinking again and it's got me by the nuts. To quote our dear queen Elizabeth "It's time to get ones shit together"..Early this year around the end of Feb I made a huge choice and quit drinking completely. It lasted 6 wonderful months I lost 2 stone in weight became hugely motivated and started to get my life back on track. Work and life were still tough but I was working at it. It was all very real. ..At some point I'm not sure when I decided to open the bottle of gin in the kitchen. Why I did it I don't know. ..I think I was attempting to moderate but really the cravings just got to me and I buckled. I can be very self destructive and impulsive so I'm always at risk I guess. So quickly one drink every couple of days turned into a full reverse of everything I'd achieved. This weekend was the heaviest since the relapse. ..So Shit happens so I'm not gonna complain. Just go to get on with it. ..Thankfully I have been able to moderate enough to stay functioning and haven't gone back to my two bottles of red a night and whisky for nightcaps. Sadly I just started drinking loads of beer in the week and gin at the weekend. Way too much gin lately..."Moderation" is slowly turning into drinking every night sometimes heavily so I'm recognizing the old signs and realizing that "moderation" is another term for bullshitting myself. ..The missus has been great lately I think she knows I'm trying to work this out for myself but I can't bear to push her away again by slipping back into alcoholism. I love my family way more than anything so I must walk this long path for a third time in life. ..You guys were a major force in my sobriety before so I lay my cap down once again. I need your help once more. Sorry folks I feel terribly guilty and want my health back. I don't know why I keep doing this to myself. .
----------immediate responses--------

Hi Silvo!..Glad you're back.....I had a pretty bad Gin phase myself at one point during my drinking years.... that stuff really is Liquid Sadness! What was the bottle of Gin doing in the kitchen in the first place ready to tempt you during an unguarded moment?..Moderation for me is a myth I've tried it repeatedly and it just doesn't work... wishful thinking does not change the chemical interaction between alcohol and my brain no matter how much my addiction tries to convince me otherwise!..I find that a little daily vigilance is necessary to stay on the right path which is why I drop in to SD every day - I find it really helps.....Mindfulness can help with managing cravings and the subconscious desire to drink - [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPlG_w40qOE) was a real eye-opener for me and so was [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o44dolLLzos)... they have really helped me to understand the *why* of my drink problem.....Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
Gin is the devil. Just in case you need a laugh when my dad drinks it his left eye wanders like you wouldn't believe. And he STILL drinks it!  It's a powerful beast. ..IWNDWYT! Here is to non-wandering eyes.   
Welcome back. Sometimes that 20/20 hindsight can come in handy I think. For me being able to look back on my relapse (the big one which is really the only one that really counts for me the little one - like making it only a few days I don't count those as attempts anymore and just group the time in with the drinking time - quit fooling myself about all that shit - anyway the big relapse lasted 10 years....shit....) again anyway looking back in that 20/20 hindsight kind of way I learned. I stripped off the bullshit saw myself and my addiction for what it is and now that knowledge helps me move forward and stay the course. I discover that I dislike that person and really like the person I am unveiling. You got this Silvo you are worth it and the relapse can be a tool to help you recover if you let it! 
Addiction is powerful and insidious. Your brain is wired to want more. To actively seek more alcohol. Separating the thought from the action was key to my recovery. I did not HAVE to act on the thought. Easier said than done...Relapse in my opinion is part of recovery. It happens. It is what happens after that is important. I realize that this disease will kill me if I let it. My uncle died on the street because of this addiction...Be kind to yourself. You deserve happiness and health. You can do this!..I won't be drinking with you today.
Glad you are back! For me it's way easier to not drink than moderate.  Don't let the regret get to you. IWNDWYT 
You're back that's the main thing. We live an learn. I'm feeling good and hopeful after my latest blip. On we go!
Wonderful to have you back! No need to feel guilty although I know that's what alcohol does to us douses us in shame ugh! Be proud you've battled back and found your way home once again. I will not drink with you today :)
why? because it was there. i try not to keep a case of beer in my fridge ya know cuz.. i'm an alcoholic.
If you read the 30-Day Sobriety Solution by Jack Canfield and Dave Andrews it covers the issue of Relapse and how it should be viewed as a learning experience not something to be ashamed of. They compare it to a toddler falling down while learning to walk and how you wouldn't discourage them to stop walking just because they fail a few times. It's all a learning process. 
Proud of you for coming back!! Think of it this way! You spent 6 months of 2017 sober which is damn impressive and you can spend 3 more months sober (minus a week of October) that's 3/4th of all of 2017 -- that's something to be proud of AND look forward to! ..I can relate to relapsing after 6 months -- it's more common than you think -- and while it can be discouraging it gives you hope to know you can do this and do even better this time around! ..I will not drink with you today!
Proud of you for coming back!! Think of it this way! You spent 6 months of 2017 sober which is damn impressive and you can spend 3 more months sober (minus a week of October) that's 3/4th of all of 2017 -- that's something to be proud of AND look forward to! ..I can relate to relapsing after 6 months -- it's more common than you think -- and while it can be discouraging it gives you hope to know you can do this and do even better this time around! ..I will not drink with you today!
Thanks man didn't think of it like that. 9 months clean 3 month wobble. Excellent!!
Welcome back!
You can do it. Welcome back. 
Welcome back ! You can do it. I will not drink with you today !
