-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75a20f/26_days_sober_getting_frustrate_with_aa/

Hi guys feels good to be back  with the support of my gf therapist and AA...Heres the thing I do like AA for its camaraderie and I also thanks my sponsor hes a kind man and he has a lot of wisdom...Problem is I feel pressure into many meeting a weeks. I only do 2 or 3 its the max for me because I have also plenty of hobbies a full time job and a girlfriend...Sure im not forced to go and its just "suggestion" but they make you feel bad like saying : ..-Less than 3 meetings a week will make you feel awful.- If you start to stray away from AA you are on your way to relapse.-AA is the only way to get "true sobriety".- Go ahead try your own way again  you know where it got you before...Also my sponsor is against any kind of therapy and medication  he thinks doctors are only there for the money and keep you sick. I love the man but there are so many views that we really dont share...I think it really does feel like a cult sometime. Theres nothing bad with finding spirituality and working everyday on getting better   but they dont have the monopoly on this. The way they speak is only AA will give you back your sanity...My sponsor also want me to stop going to the gym so : "I could have more time for AA and learning what is really important."  ..Working out is my passion  getting sober Im finally getting back into hobbies...I just want to stop drinking. Thats all. I dont even care if im still a cunt or whatever I just dont want to drink anymore lol.. .Dont want to leave AA for now  but im having trouble with the program and some aspect that make feel like im go straight into a cult. Any tips ?....
----------immediate responses--------

Find a new sponsor! I had the same view about those so called  suggestions  and it frustrated the hell out of me. Eventually I stopped going to AA for that and many other frustrations I had with AA. This time around I truly  take what I want and leave the rest behind . I am open to suggestions try them out and evaluate if they work for me. If I find another person being preach I try to say to myself  good for them it works for them just not for me.  
I got sober early this year for a period of time and AA really helped me in the beginning.  I was just so glad to know that I wasnt alone and people were very kind and understanding.  Until I got a sponsor and it became the same problem for me.  I really felt pressure to get sober how a few other people thought I should.  That didnt work for me.  They were aghast that I smoked pot occasionally I honestly didnt see a problem with it etc.  I've found in that no two people have the same journey and I have a real problem with someone dictating something as personal and important to me such as my sobriety.  I just stopped AA started taking care of myself and coming on here for my motivation.  The program is great to build a support system but it just didnt work for me.  It created more anxiety and stress than it helped.  Hope you find what's right for you dont be afraid to tell your sponsor it isnt working out for you.  Hang in there I wont drink with you today!
I rarely tell others here what to do. I try to share my experience only. Having said that drop your sponsor.  Sponsors should share their experience only. They should never tell you not do therapy or take medication. That behaviour really gets under my skin. I'm a huge fan of AA. It's at the centre off my recovery and I rarely speak ill of it. But there are some in the fellowship who would rather rule with an iron fist rather than share their experience. Anyway good luck! Don't give up on AA. You'll find a sponsor who is right for you. 
Sorry but anyone who tells you to skip the gym to hit an AA meeting is an idiot in my book. ..Many of us find that if we do not work on other aspects of ourselves sobriety itself is next to worthless. (Look up the term 'dry drunk')..Sobriety is a time to build a life that you WANT to live sober. IMO if I hate every aspect of my life I might as well drink because why not? 
This is the type of thing that made me stop going to AA. The people in AA and my Sponser seemed to think that my whole life had to revolve around AA to stay sober. No matter how much I did it wasn't enough. There are a lot of other things in my life that are also important. I wasn't willing to sacrifice those other things for AA. In fact it didn't seem particularly healthy to spend too much time in meetings rehashing that I had a drinking problem. I found it was much healthier to move on with my life and leave that part in the past. I left AA at ~6 months sober and I'm still sober today. I have no intention of ever drinking again. ..AA is one tool you can use to help you stay sober but it isn't the only way. If it isn't a helpful tool then it is ok to move on to something else. Just make sure you have a plan in place to stay sober and something to hold you accountable. 
can you find a new meeting?  Anyone who tells you to stop working out is an idiot and it also says in the big book that no one is supposed to be playing doctor. 
Get a new sponsor dude. I couldn't handle a sponsor who doesn't believe in THERAPY... And wtf your sponsor telling you to not go to the gym... that's messed up...Have you tried out different meetings by the way? I found I had to go to different ones until I found one that I actually liked.
I just posted something in another thread that I could have more or less posted word for word here.  I'll paste most of it below. ..I think you need to find a new sponsor ASAP.  This guy is giving you bad advice.  I'd say you go to AA to live not live to go to AA.  Like you exercise has become a crucial part of my sobriety plan and I'll take a workout over an AA meeting (within reason) any day.  Also the medication thing is a personal choice and he has no business getting in between what you and your doctor think is best.  Mine put me on Naltrexone to curb cravings.  I can't say if it's doing anything (no way to prove a negative you know?) but I don't feel any negative side effects and I'm having next to no cravings.  I'd tell anyone that told me to stop taking it to screw off. ..Best wishes to you and your continued success in sobriety!..----..When I first got sober (not like it's been all that long) I embraced AA with an open mind and an open heart and even started to get excited about ideas like 90 meetings in 90 days...I also have a full time job shared custody of kids a dog a house to maintain and I've been attending IOP 3 nights a week and seeing an addiction therapist. Also need to add that I'm an introvert and the only "me-time" I was getting was coming at the expense of sleep...After about two weeks of all of that I basically said "enough is enough!" The pressure to keep going to AA (otherwise I'd be a failure and relapse) the pressure to get a sponsor the pressure to follow the steps the pressure to do it this and only this way ended up causing me even more stress. I stopped going with no regrets and discussed with the IOP counselor and my therapist...I'm about done with IOP and my therapist and I agree that I'm in a good place to stop with the weekly sessions continuing on an as-needed basis. Now that I'll have some more time on my hands I'll give AA a second shot along with a couple of other non 12-step groups.
I agree with everyone that says to find a new sponsor.  I also really enjoy the meetings for the camaraderie.  None of my friends ever pressure me to go to more meetings or to not exercise because I need to go to more meetings.  That is just silly.  Everyone's path to sobriety is different.  Just take what you can from AA and leave the rest. 
Take what you want and leave the rest! It's your program and whatever works for you is the right thing to do. I was recently lucky to find a sponsor who is equally critical about the norms of AA and it has been so helpful for me to talk to someone who doesn't look at the big book as some kind of unquestionable voice of reason. You're allowed to question things and disagree with some norms of AA. Remember that the people in meetings with you are sick too and they're doing what they know how to do in order to stay sober. I listen to their guidance but I realize that my sobriety is ultimately in my hands and that I need to work the program the way I feel is best for me. I'm glad you're here!
I tried Smart Recovery and it was a very different experience in a way that I think addresses your concerns...Honestly I stopped going to meetings completely after about six months. I'm in weekly therapy and I'm antidepressants and have dozens of other things I do. AA/meetings in general are a tool like everyone here is saying. In some cases they're useful and even life saving. Others they can be pointless or counterproductive...Hang in there and you're doing everything right!
Your sponsor appears to me IMHO to be more about himself than about you. Counselling you to forgo therapy and medication belittling doctors and trying to make you quit working out are all counterproductive. I'm going on 3 years I listen to my doctors take meds they give me talk to my shrink and work out all the time. And BTW I fired my first sponsor who wasn't a good fit for me. Being a sponsor just requires somebody asking them and wanting to do it. No other qualifications AT ALL.  Save yourself from your unqualified sponsor.
Get a new sponsor.  .  .From page 133:  .&gt; we should never belittle a good doctor or psychiatrist. Their services are often indispensable in treating a newcomer and in following his case afterwards.  .  .On page 164:  .&gt; Our book is meant to be suggestive only. We realize we know only a little.  .  .I don't know your sponsor but I know the program of action as outlined in the 12 steps 12 traditions and the 12 concepts. I recommend finding another sponsor and cutting ties with the current one based on the information you have provided.  .  .Also I support the cult cuz it helped me to get and stay sober much like I support the cult of SD. However no method of gaining sobriety is the one true method... And anyone that says their way is the only way is playing roulette with the lives of alcoholics and problem drinkers.
Get rid of sponsor. You don't really need a sponsor at all unless you feel it helps. they can be draining.  You will get a lot of horrible advice in AA. 
I share some of your feelings about AA I don't use it as my primary means of recovery (that's what therapy by medical professionals is for) but it is a great way to identify with people who are going through the same struggles. ..You need to focus on whatever it is that you feel is sustainable and effective. Some people can go to a meeting everyday and swear by it whereas I don't feel the need to go more than 3-4 Times a week. Try to look past the pseudoscience you hear from your sponsor and try to see AA as a support group of like-minded people instead of an obligation you have to meet. 
AA can be very trying -- I've been connected to it for well over 10 years. I had to find a way to do AA in my own way this time. As you said I like it for the camaraderie. I now only go to about 2 meetings a week and I ditched having a formal sponsor -- her answer to everything was 'pray harder and write about it'. Instead I just talk to AA friends as needed...I do therapy have my own spiritual path and yes I create a LIFE outside AA made of my own interests...BTW: According to the program the sponsor is only there to take you through the steps. Anything else? You might wanna say "Thanks for your opinion!" :)
All you have to ask them is to show you where in The Big Book it says any of that. If it's not in The Big Book it's an opinion not the program.
A sponsor is only there to provide suggestion if you and your sponsor don't jive you're totally free to get a new one.  I wouldn't let a person keep me away from AA.  Best to work the steps then make a decision.
Dump your sponsor. Find a meeting with people closer to your age that have a similar lifestyle. AA can be a great fulfilling community if you can find one that fits your needs. 
It seems like you're getting mostly good advice here. One thing I can tell you is that the primary purpose of your sponsor is to assist you in completing the 12 Steps and getting you familiar with the program. He's not there to be your parent or to tell you exactly how to live your life. ...What I found was that thoughts I was having like "this is a cult" or "these people aren't like me" or "I don't want to have to sponsor something" were really just my own addiction trying to keep me out of the rooms and get me drinking/using again. ...My best advice for you is to keep going go through the 12 steps with your current sponsor or a new one if necessary and don't put too much weight on negative thoughts you have about the program until you've truly given it a real try.
