-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75a285/is_aa_right_for_me/

Hi there - I've commented but no posted yet - I'm posting to see if anyone identifies and can relate or has been through similar. Involves 12 step - I am not anti 12 step! It works for some not all but didn't work for me at the time.......so wondered why.........So i'm middle aged in a small UK town - history of drug abuse sex addiction overeating..... - stopped the drugs the sex addiction continued (was told in rehab i wasn't there for sex addiction just drug addiction - i hadn't laid a finger or suggested having sex with anyone else but they picked up on something i said in a group therapy session)...So couple of years ago after bouts of depression and having addressed food and drug addiction realised I had a problem with alcohol - still working etc. but realised it was not healthy. Started attending AA....the people nice and as my rehab had been 12 step i had no problem with the higher problem thing. What I'd thought was a slogan - 'take what you need and leave the rest behind' - was being disputed in meetings. 'It's not a buffet' - you had to believe it all or nothing. And then 'the big book is perfect' - it cant be it was written by a person but a deity - and calling it perfect is making it religious. ..And i realised i couldn't read out 'rarely have we seen a person fail who didn't follow our program' and i shared 'what's the evidence??' - there wasn't any. The rooms full of people who it had worked for or it had hope it would work for them - but no one to say 'no it didn't work for me'...I got a sponsor - well he approached me but people said he had a lot of clean time and I was in good hands. And yup he's a nice guy I didn't and don't dislike him I have a lot of time for him. So then I started working the steps - after 2 months i lapsed one day - lots of shame about for me and it was shame that lead me to lapse. I rang my sponsor and told him he said I'd been selfish in lapsing and I felt like an utter failure. ..After a few months I continued on step work and had heard Step 5 was really a turning point. I'd pray each day meditate went to meetings 3-4 per week. I worked on Step 5 over 4-6 weeks and put everything into it - shared with sponsor. Expected something.......but was presented with a horoscopic chart of opposite attributes......and from what I'd put down it ticked most of the boxes. Nothing new to learn there - nothing insightful. No recognition. My sponsor was being pleasant and all but I'd expected more identification or something....not sure. ..Xmas came - i had more thoughts about drinking - but i'd been lead to believe that the urge would soon leave. I shared in a meeting that despite being 6m sober and working the steps all i could I still thought a lot about alcohol. After meeting a lady i liked who was humble and had 13 years sobriety came up to me after and said 'oh course you do! you're an alcoholic' - i was utterly surprised. I'd thought the people in the rooms who were working the steps were free from cravings - particularly over Xmas - yes a lot of alcohol about but I'd been told we would rarely think about it? ..Despite being sober from alcohol my sex addiction continued. One guy who had come up to me (as I was a newcomer when i'd started) who was attractive contacted me and we had very basic sexual fun. He was quite high up in the AA hierarchy in terms of meeting boards and service. I'd hoped i could talk to him about the sex addiction i contacted him to see if he was 'OK' - he blanked it and denied all knowledge of it...I still felt depressed. I hear talk of 'other meetings' but there's no sex addiction meetings in my area. I cant attend NA due to work (it's a good job but very boundaried working with drug addicts)..So - I want to stop alcohol. I'm receiving help for sex addiction no drugs - I'd love to go back to AA for the mutual aid..But.......I'd love to hear other people's opinions on these:..1) Rarely have we seen a person fail......I've heard stories of many for whom it didn't work - and i don't believe it was because they were incapable of being honest to themselves. 2) You have to follow the program by the letter - it's not a buffet - in contrast to what I'd seen re 'take what you need leave the rest behind' 3) Do the cravings go? I'd been told by sponsor that anyone reporting cravings was not doing the steps properly 4) Being told i was selfish for relapsing - having been to boarding school I was often mocked that my crying for parents who weren't there was selfish. So if I'm told this it just relives that memory of 'oh we cant cope with this so FFS grow up!' 5) Why follow the big book to the letter? - it was written by a person not a deity so it cannot be infallible. It's full of things that might have seemed sensible in the 1930s but nowadays very sexist and out of touch...Absolutely not having a go at AA - this is my experience - I know it works for some but not for all......But please don't tell me to 'grow up' etc. - as explained it doesn't work on me...But I'd love hear any possible similar experiences or views? :)..Thank you for reading :) Am cross posting to a few sites........
----------immediate responses--------

Have you heard the phrase "look for the similarities not the differences"? To me it seems like you're trying to find the reasons AA won't work for you and there's nothing wrong with that. Just keep in mind that if you spend all your time focused on the idiosyncrasies and nuances of AA that you described it's very likely  not going to work for you.  
When I first got sober (not like it's been all that long) I embraced AA with an open mind and an open heart and even started to get excited about ideas like 90 meetings in 90 days.  ..I also have a full time job shared custody of kids a dog a house to maintain and I've been attending IOP 3 nights a week and seeing an addiction therapist.  Also need to add that I'm an introvert and the only "me-time" I was getting was coming at the expense of sleep...After about two weeks of all of that I basically said "enough is enough!"  The pressure to keep going to AA (otherwise I'd be a failure and relapse) the pressure to get a sponsor the pressure to follow the steps the pressure to do it this and only this way ended up causing me even more stress.  I stopped going with no regrets and discussed with the IOP counselor and my therapist. ..I'm about done with IOP and my therapist and I agree that I'm in a good place to stop with the weekly sessions continuing on an as-needed basis.  Now that I'll have some more time on my hands I'll give AA a second shot along with a couple of other non 12-step groups...Long story short:  AA is not for everyone.  There are plenty of people who are successful in recovery without AA but it definitely has literally saved the lives of a great many people.  I'd suggest that you give a few different meetings a shot and that you see if there are non 12-step groups (SMART Refuge Recovery Rational Recovery) a shot.  Worst outcome you waste a little time and deal with a little BS.  Best outcome?  Finding the right group of people to help with a lifetime of recovery.  :)
AA worked for me - despite my having ALL the issues with it...I have shopped around and found meetings that work for me.  And actually enjoy going to them...I could not do it on my own.  
