-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75aa9b/living_life_again/

Hey everyone I haven't been checking in as much as I used to but thought I'd stop by for a little inspiration. To my surprise I have 500 days! Inspired by another post I'd like to share what I have been up to and what it was like...At first drinking was fun then it got embarrassing then it got very lonely. After drinking in my room for a week straight I had that moment of clarity. I ruminated on my life and failed attempts to quit and thought "Fuck man your way just isn't working. You need help." That was on the spring equinox two years ago...I checked myself into an outpatient rehab. I didn't think I would make it to my start day so after listening to that inner voice and taking action on it again I wandered into AA. It was uncomfortable there was much I didn't agree with but I just kept going back. I wanted to be sober more than anything at this point. ..The alarming trend of the devastating benders getting longer more intense and closer together was being replaced by longer more peaceful stints of sobriety. I relapsed quite a bit and had to learn things the hard way but I never gave up. After my last relapse almost everything was taken away from me within that week. After total surrender trying things differently again and being truly grateful at the end of it all everything was returned...I went the AA route and worked the steps which really helped me to see myself and gain a sense of humility and integrity. I am learning to be who I am and make my own way. So what have I been up to?..I joined a gym which was scary. I started lifting and doing yoga and lost 45 lbs. I started to eat properly sleep well and quit smoking (although I still vape). I went back to college and started taking it a little more seriously. I'll get my bachelor's degree this December. I began meditating and spending more time outside in nature. I've started making healthy connections to myself others and the world around me. I feel like a part of life again...I moved away to help a lady care for her animals I've been working many jobs I went to Mexico again after years of being too afraid or broke. I'm about to graduate and have been using my time to be creative again learning new skills. ..I try to make up for what I did to my mind body and soul by studying hard and learning new things by eating well and working out and by meditation and by circumventing the ego and helping others. The things I almost destroyed in my darker days. ..I'm actually starting to become the person I've always wanted to be. The greatest gifts have been taking action. Doing things even though I may be anxious or afraid. Connecting with others. Gaining self respect and love. Becoming more secure in who I am and what I believe. Being an adult and everything that comes with it at 31 years old. Being a part of life for the first time ever being present. ..It's not all good days life is raw but I get to feel again. I can deal with things and face them head on instead of worrying or running away. I actually listen to that inner voice that I've suppressed for so long despite the doubt or fear. That feeling of wanting to disappear doesn't come around anymore. I'm not as anxious depressed or irritable although I still have my days. My dark days have become a great strength. I'm hardly tempted any more - I simply don't drink...After graduation I plan on moving to Mexico to teach English for a year because why not? I stopped asking what I could get out of life and instead ask what does life want from me? I'm excited to see where it will take me if I'm just willing to go...Getting sober was the hardest thing I've ever done but the best decision I've ever made. I wish you all the best of luck on your own journies. You all help me very much.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done :)
Fantastic!  Thank you for sharing.  This is very inspirational.  I am allowing myself the opportunity to reset for while but I look forward to this part of the journey.
&gt;Doing things even though I may be anxious or afraid..I am trying my best to do this right now self doubt and anxiety aren't going to get the better of me this time!..Lovely post and congrats on 500 days wow!! That's some acchievement! :)
Congratulations and thank you for sharing your inspiring story. Well done!
Loved reading this. Well done &amp; thanks for sharing!
