-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75ckz8/how_have_you_guys_adapted_to_leading_an_enjoyable/

Hey guys I'm new here so here is a little of my backstory. I am currently 8 days clean of everything except weed which I don't intend to stop. I've probably had a drinking problem for the past decade or so although I've only recently admitted it to myself. I have pretty bad depression and anxiety and I have basically self medicated with drugs and alcohol most my life. Currently I am trying to get over an opiate addiction stemming from a car crash 18 months ago and I find myself falling back into my old ways drinking far more than I should. ..On the one hand I have not been drinking very much these past 18 months but the past couple months my consumption has increased drastically and I don't want to end up back where I was a couple of years ago. Not to mention I'm pretty sure my alcohol use was a huge factor in causing me to relapse on opiates recently. I think the biggest issue I have is I end up with no social life when I'm sober and I think this just makes my depression worse. Alcohol has always made it easy for me to meet people and make friends and without it I just seem lost. Bars and parties really aren't a lot of fun when your sober and I have really bad control when I end up around a bunch of people drinking. ..What changes have you guys made to lead an enjoyable life sober. Did you pretty much have to quit hanging out with most of your old friends? What are some hobbies or interests you have found that don't involve drugs or alcohol? 
----------immediate responses--------

I had to stop going to bars to meet with friends. Instead I spend more time with my family cycle more and joined a better band to push myself...I can be around drinkers when there is a social function on and it doesn't bother me but I won't go back to going to bars for their own sake.
I found it took me about a year to get to know the new me.  I go to yoga class 2-3 times per week.  Helps me to release anxiety and tension.  Go to Smart meetings when I need some group interaction.  Spending quality time with my family and reading.  I also spend time every day focused on my recovery.  I have been sober in the past and then thought I could moderate.  Wrong can't do it. I get it now and things are going well.   
So this time I've only been dry for 12 days last time for over 500 days.  I have to say that after a couple of weeks  I enjoyed  life much more when I've been sober and that alcohol made me feel more depressed.  Now if there are problems it would be harder maybe but overall I feel better.
1. I've stopped identifying as a guy  trying to quit . I've just quit; done; next! Ya know?.2. If I want to do something I get out of my past-drinking notion of  making time . I just *do* the thing now whatever it is. For example I like to meditate. I no longer consider it something I have to carve out time for. The time is always there; it's just how you choose to occupy it to put it simply.
