-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75el28/i_got_dry_but_lost_some_friends/

When i got sober my now ex-husband kept drinking heavily. He decided to leave me because - his words "You're boring." My drinking buddy and best friend continued drinking too. I had many relapses but finally stopped drinking. Then we had a falling out. I just wasn't "fun" anymore. I was devastated but still had my fianc . However He lied and cheated again and again. I extended grace and forgiveness...but...it eventually came out that he was still in active addiction mode. I forgave and forgave and forgave...5 years went by. "It's not my fault" he'd say; and over and over again while I stayed sober he would keep breaking his promises. ..So I finally broke up with him. It hurts like hell. I mean like real hell. ..I am sober but deeply hurt depressed and isolated. *AND* I gotta figure out how to live my life again. Right now all I know is work and work and more work and that's way past getting old. ..Tonight I'll go to bed early. But I really don't have a lot to look forward to. In an area where the wine industry is king (it's even encouraged in places of worship) and everywhere I go alcohol is being pushed. ...Should I drink?...No. ..I know I must remain sober...Sadly though for me staying sober is a very lonely road.
----------immediate responses--------

I think sometimes we have to learn who we are so we can learn to love ourselves. Only then can we be ready for others to love us. At least that's my philosophy 
Good for you for remaining sober. How do you do it?
For sure and for me too. 
'For me staying sober is a very lonely road.'.....I can relate. Often I plug sobriety's impact into a lot of life's experiences ups and downs etc. Meaning if I added or removed drinking from the scenario what would be different - or supposedly better? ..It is difficult but experiencing these spaces in our lives 'sober' is a hard-fought reward and path for growth. It can help one realize that these things (e.g. moving on from unhealthy relationships) are all really eventualities with sobriety providing a foundation for wise decisions and actions not necessarily a means to an end. .
I lost a lot of friends when I quit drinking... I just wasn't fun anymore. It's also been for me a lonely road. I haven't experienced any of the magical "bright eyes' or huge boosts of energy but have found greater clarity of thought. This is what motivates me. I find it to help me revaluate my life and what I really want to be doing. I feel like I'm creating a new life for myself but it hasn't been an overnight exercise.
staying sober is a very lonely road..I agree with you there I lost a lot of friends and relationships through alcohol then when I get sober the ones I had left all disappeared like what the hell. But hey I guess you find out who your true friends are. ..I'm sorry to hear of the crap you've had to put up with. ..I won't drink with you today.
