-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75izxf/really_struggling/

I've been on again off again for about 18 months now.  I know I have to stop. I've avoided destruction so far but between my health my relationships and the fact that I'm almost 50 - something bad is going to happen if I don't stop.  The weird thing is i almost feel like as I am staring the reality of my addiction in the face I'm more and more out of control.  A lot of day drinking.  A lot of water bottles filled with vodka.  I went to a meeting today - and have a sober coach really hoping that something clicks for me this time and that I don't really fuck up in some way that I can't recover from.  For those of you who have made it across the line - what finally "clicked" for you?  
----------immediate responses--------

I tried really hard not to live in the past or the future. I had whose voice was louder in my head than the other voices.  I got active and developed a very strong circle of sober people who I could turn to when it got rough and I started to embrace how everything was new when doing it sober. I am certain you can make it. You just need to get to a point where you realize that too.  
You will be OK. I'm not sure how many of us had the "clicked" moment but I'm sure many of us quit for the same reason. Fear. Fear will make most of us quit drinking but it will not keep us stopped from drinking. You really have to find a deeper reason FOR your drinking. I'm guessing you didn't have and I hope you never will have your "YET" moment. I haven't had DUI yet I haven't had a heart attack yet. Don't let those become real. Find your trigger what makes you drink? Really think about it. Look for other means besides AA. Maybe see a psychiatrist. Start working out. Anything to keep you from that drink just for today. Everyday is just one day. Don't give up. You really can do this. Good luck. 
I have a few years on you and that I think had a lot to do with me taking the drinking option completely off the table. I was drinking around the clock. It finally sunk in that yup this is really how your life is going to end. Drunk alone in your apartment. And I just asked myself out loud - "is this really how you want to go out? Really?".I wouldn't have been able to stop without a detox - I had to be removed from my surroundings for a while. .I've managed to avoid any serious health problems due to my drinking - not sure how that happened but I know for dead certainty that they are right around the corner..I sincerely hope you can find your way - this shit is real. .I will not drink with you today!
I always recommend this book because it helped me so much: This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  It will help answer the question of:  How can I never drink again?  This might make the "click"!Stay strong!
