-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75kp7q/dont_do_it/

31 year old and I'm here day one...again. ..I left for a 30 day stint in rehab and felt great. Lasted about two weeks before a relapse then 6 weeks sober and feeling great again! Then I buy a bottle of vodka then another and three days later I can't get out of bed...dripping wet from sweating with chills and shakes. Insomnia/anxiety/depression. I feel defeated. ..I did a 3 day taper and have not drank anything for over 24 hours and am miserable! Told my wife last night that I wasn't sick but sick again from drinking and she is thinking about leaving me. She is sick of the lies(all related to my drinking). I need to get back into meetings something...I cannot fight this alone anymore and I'm losing my life/marriage. Alcohol will kill me if I keep this up. Every withdrawal is worse and worse but once I dry out the cravings ramp up and once I start I do not stop until I'm binder sick...I will not drink with you today though and am committed to checking in from now on. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't give up friend. I won't drink with you today.
It's a fucking struggle but it can only get better from here.  I will not drink with you today.  
The great thing is you aren't quitting I agree it gets harder every time! From the sounds of it theres no telling yourself drink is adding any good to your life.  You can do it keep being the real you!
[removed]
Keep working hard.
Hang in there. Gets better with some time. Hopefully you can make this your last day one
I'm with you.
Proud of you!!
30-Day Sobriety Solution and The Naked Mind are helping me get through. I've had a few setbacks but will keep getting back up and you can too. 
We are here for you. Don't give up! 
I won't drink with you today
&gt; am miserable..What are you doing (that maybe you were before drinking) that made you happy? ..Don't forget that 'connection' is often considered the opposite of depression. If you just sit around waiting and just dwelling in self pitty while in recovery then you are going to feel bad and more likely to relapse. ..You need to allow yourself something something you know you love in life to do or to see to eat to drink people you like to see... whatever you need to reconnect and start with small steps. The more time you spend reconnecting with what you like about life the less time You'll be thinking about drinking and the less chance you'll have of relapsing (IMO). 
Thanks for all the support everyone...I made it through another night sober. Basically just laid there tossing and turning with a few sleep spells in between. Shakes and sweats are dissipating. Body is still aching. I will never understand why I continue to jump in front of misery for a few simple days of barely remembering but I'm understanding the day at a time concept better...I will not drink with you all today
