-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75mttd/was_doing_really_well_with_the_sinclair_method/

I had tried complete abstinence and AA meetings after an inpatient psych ward stay at 17 outpatient rehab at 18 and then inpatient rehab (30 days) at 22. This year at 23 I tried the sinclair method after AA meetings weren't working out so well. The sinclair method helped me out immensely. I loved how it was working out for me. Not only had my drinking decreased dramatically my DESIRE to drink had decreased dramatically. I spent many weekends buying a bottle of wine only to drink a glass or two and then pour the rest down the drain. Thats COMPLETELY unheard of for a person who used to get blackout drunk every single night...But at the beginning of September I got bad news. My uncle/godfather went missing. The next day that I found out my mom called me while I was at work to tell me that my brother and cousins had found him. He had hung himself in a rural area. He had been there for over a week...This seems to have completely fucked with me. I hadn't seen him in a while which made me feel guilty as fuck. Also we were a lot alike. He had attempted suicide as a teenager (like me) and was always struggling with depression and anxiety throughout life (like me too). He became very active in AA after realizing he was an alcoholic. Unfortunately his daughter is an addict too and they got in a fight. The last time they talked was when he tried to force her back into rehab and she threatened to kill herself. She got sent to the psych ward and found out a few days later that her father was dead....I don't know what to do. Ever since I heard the news I have seemingly been in a downward spiral. My depression and anxiety are worse. I'm freaking out all the time. I've totally quit exercising and eating well. Worst of all I take my Naltrexone before I drink but I still drink too much afterwards. I feel like this loss has killed my soul. I miss my uncle so much. I can't help but feel like I'll end up like him. I'm extremely depressed and unmotivated and I struggle to make myself do anything anymore. What am I supposed to do?? I'm just so sad all the time. I dont want to become 'the alcoholic' to my family and boyfriend once again. I'm so sad. I'm lost.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry for your loss. Sounds like you and your uncle were very close. I hope you find peace and are able to grieve mourn and honor him with a clear mind and a full heart. 
sorry for your loss. that's a tough thing to deal with. ask yourself if you'd honor your uncle by continuing to drink in an unhealthy way and also ask yourself if alcohol will help in any way whatsoever. my guess would be a no to both those questions. remember too that alcohol is a depressant of both the mind and body. in my experience it never helped pull me out of a funk. it only ever worsened it. ..
Harm reduction strategies leave the door of temptation open for when all hell breaks loose and plans are out the window. They work for some but I know that--like it seems you are also guarding against--no matter what I try if it allows any amt of drinking that I'll be at the bottom of a hole again eventually. Might take days weeks months. But eventually...
