-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75qyjv/2_months_consistent_exercise_and_psychedelics/

  62 days!  Longest I've gone in years and years. .  What's working?..  Exercise. The most important by far. Lifting weights 3-5 times a week even when I'm tired after work .. ESPECIALLY when the urge to drink is strong. (If the gym is closed I just do squats until I want to collapse)...  I realize I was using booze to give an artificial rush of energy that I am now slowly regaining in a sustainable way by exercising...  Twas a vicious cycle. Feeling rundown and lethargic and depressed about my body starting to fall apart. Drinking and feeling temporarily robust and energetic. Waking up feeling like death .. you know the story...  Exercise is also helping substantially with an underlying depression I've struggled with since puberty....  Psychedelics. I realize this might be controversial to some. "Hey substituting different drugs for alcohol sounds like a horrible idea!"..  Fair enough. But I value the benefit I've had. I realize part of the appeal of booze to me was drinking such large quantities that it became quite "trippy". Double vision. Music sounding novel. Wonky motor coordination. An out-letting of emotional buildup. But pharmacologically alcohol is a quite toxic substance a carcinogen increases risk of dementia and gastrointestinal problems and can cause death if taken in too high a dose. ..  Psychologically the risk for addiction is much higher with alcohol relative to LSD or psilocybin mushrooms...  There was one night in particular around a month in where NOTHING was distracting me from booze and I felt SO close to breaking down and getting drunk. ..  Instead I took a moderate dose of magic mushrooms and listened to music and went for a night-time walk (that turned into a run). It was quite insightful and beautiful and I woke up the next day hangover free grateful for my sobriety and being alive...  A phrase that I've repeated often since is "Alcohol is a shitty drug."  IMO there are other much safer substances (physiologically) which have far less addictive potential. ..  Another benefit of psychedelic substances to me personally is that alcohol is an easy "lazy" way to perturb my consciousness. It had a low chance of causing any worthwhile self-reflection because the more I drink the more that becomes impossible. ..  And if strong emotions come up while drinking it's easy to just pick up the pace and dull them and pass out. Only to wake up the next day feeling just as bad if not worse. Helpless and severely depressed lacking the ability to change anything tangible in my life...  When I woke up the next morning after ingesting mushroom tea I felt well rested. Abit sore in a good way from running. I could remember the highlights of my thought/feeling process. I had the energy to go to the gym and make tangible efforts towards improving my physical and emotional health...  Don't mean to offend anyone. Just sharing something that's worked for me. .. Preliminary research into using LSD to treat problem drinking showed great promise being more effective than many conventional treatments at the time. AA co-founder Bill Wilson had a positive experience that contributed to his sobriety and was an advocate of research into psychedelics as a treatment tool..  I've found that knowing it's possible to "trip" makes me feel less deprived from drinking booze-poison. My infrequent experiences help reinforce a deep-seated desire to create a peaceful content life within life's unpredictability...  Having experimented with other drugs such as cocaine and methamphetamine a handful of times each during my life I find it easy to abstain from them. ..  They are so obviously dangerous and un-sustainable and unhealthy and addictive. They are shitty drugs! Increasingly I find it more and more natural to lump alcohol in with them and feel a similar aversion and lack of desire to mess around with it at all...  I used to smoke (quit 8 years ago) and feel a similar aversion to the thought of smoking cigarettes. They are so obviously poison. When I see someone smoking it only REINFORCES and strengthens my desire to never touch one again...  I hope this feeling continues to grow in relation to alcohol...  ALCOHOL IS A SHITTY DRUG!..    Here's to health contentment and resiliency. Life's unpredictable and full of difficulties and challenges...  It baffles me I ever thought booze was helping me or making me happy...  I will not drink with you today :)  Off to the gym I go ~
----------immediate responses--------

i love your mantra that alcohol is a shitty drug.    you're right that there are healthier choices.  isn't it amazing that one of the shittiest is the most readily available?  ..i've always valued my experiences on mushrooms and acid.  as research continues i read about the creatively stimulating effects of micro-dosing LSD mushrooms in treating PTSD and end-of-life anxiety MDMA in therapy and marriage counseling. ..thanks for sharing your perspective i appreciate it :) 
Congrats on two months alcohol free that is awesome. ..I am far from a stranger to psychedelics I was an intrepid traveller of my own mind for many years a couple decades back. I even credit psilocybin with a breakthrough during a terrifying and awful trip in which I realized fully that I was an alcoholic and ironically realizing that abusing psychedelics just to get high was not a good path to continue. That evening led me to my first attempt at sobriety at around age thirty. I stayed completely sober for several months. After a decade of hallucinogens that night scared me straight and I never shroomed again...That all said though I stopped tripping  I resumed drinking again until forty six. Many of the lessons I thought I learned through shrooms and acid were not deep and meaningful just other diversions from life. Alcohol itself was still a big problem my own issues the root cause. Drugs were not the answer sobriety recovery groups and therapy were for me...I would urge you to find other answers to your problem with overuse of a drug other than using other drugs. There is a mental and physical cost associated with using any drug and very few are successful in self medicating away their addictions. .
Your path is yours.  Mine is mine...If you're happy and accept all your consequences go for it!..As an unaffiliated observer of your post it comes across to me as a treatise from an apologist justifying one form of *Impairment* as superior to the attached list of lesser compounds that alter my nervous system physiology and cognition....Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!  Or should I say trip.......
Thanks for sharing your experience.  I can't speak to the efficacy of LSD or Mushrooms in assisting with alcohol abstinence. I have never tried either. I also don't think I will argue with the idea that substituting one drug for another is dangerous and ultimately unproductive.  I will say that alcohol was absolutely and tangibly beginning to destroy my life and relationships.  Alcohol is a shitty drug especially for people like me..However cannabis has not been even close to as destructive or addictive to me as alcohol eventually became.  Perhaps I am tricking myself but cannabis has also played a role in my ability to abstain from alcohol for the short periods that I have strung together so far.  This is not an endorsement for cannabis because it has its faults and can be a major problem for people (perhaps myself included some day but I have not seen it yet)..This is to say I will take moderate use of cannabis over my abusive use of alcohol any day and work on complete abstinence from drugs later if I choose.  For me the name of this subreddit succinctly articulates my goal which is to stop drinking.  I won't drink with you today!
I'm very glad to hear that you're not drinking and that you're getting regular exercise.  Those are both excellent proven strategies for mental emotional and physical health.  And I neither favor nor disfavor the occasional use of psychedelics for the insight they might provide (my most recent experience was several decades ago but it's not something one forgets).  Ultimately however I think we all have to deal with reality as it is not as we would like it to be and not as it presents under the influence of any strongly psychoactive substance.  It sounds to me though that you are likely to arrive at that conclusion on your own in due course.  
An excerpt from "Awakening the Buddha Within":..Back in the early 1970s I remember trying to discuss drugs with Lama Yeshe. I described to him in colorful detail my cosmic mystical experiences during a one-week solitary trek through Nepal. I spent two days meditating at a Himalayan hot spring under the influence of hallucinogenic mushrooms. I had hoped and even expected Lama to explain these things and even help me understand. Instead he laughed loudly and exclaimed "Western boy's dream!" He would say no more. He just kept laughing...Take care of yourself. 
