-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75so92/ever_played_against_your_ghost_in_mario_kart/

Anyone remember playing Mario Kart and racing against your ghost to try and beat your best lap score?    ..I felt that way today at hot yoga. I started about 2 months ago right before I got sober and it was REALLY hard. I wanted to give up. It's so hot. 106 degrees hot. I felt like I was sweating out pure ethanol and years of abuse against my body. ..Today the guy next to me was talking to his friend about last night. He said  he only took 5 shots . Even though he was in great shape he struggled hard. So hard in fact he barely made it through. He complained about how he wished he didn't drink last night. ..I felt like I was practicing against my old ghost. He was doing the best he could but alcohol was holding him back from his best  lap . I'm leaving my old ghost in the past racing past to the finish line of a brighter future.   I empathized with his struggle I remember it well. ..What a gift he brought me. He showed me the old me. I wish I could thank him for that generous gift   ..And in the beginning when I started yoga I was so out of tune with my body. Two months later I can make it through the whole session. Last night in my car I cried tears of joy for how good I felt. Drinking never brought me this much joy. ..Don't give up. Keep going. Every day your mind and body gets stronger    I was scared to quit drinking to leave my old past behind but every single day gets better   
----------immediate responses--------

Yay! I really want to give hot yoga a try!    
Love the visual of the old ghost awesome metaphor. I'm going to remember it tomorrow morning when I wake up early to get things done and my old ghost is passed out in bed or drinking a morning beer. Thanks for that. 
Keep going!!
I was thinking of getting a yoga membership and to try hot yoga! Any tips for a newbie? ..Congrats on your story! You should feel amazing! 
You're awesome!!!! 
Awesome! I love those reminders where you realize  that used to be me . ..I had one this weekend when I was getting a manicure ... two young women came in chatting about their shenanigans the night before. They were talking about a third friend wondering if either had heard from her that morning and they agreed she was probably *super* hungover. There were a few snippets of things like  omg that was *mortifying*  and I was just smiling quietly to myself thinking ... yeah I've been there. And I'm glad that I am not feeling that way these mornings. 
Great post man. I've been sober for 11 days now and went to my first yoga session today. I workout 6 days a week and I still couldnt believe how much I sweat out during yoga! Will definitely keep going back to improve my balance and conditioning.. it was a lot faster paced than I expected 
Cool idea indeed! I like this stuff really. Now you are the person who gave me motivation to go thru today. This is just what I need. Compared to finnish conceited alcoholics I'm very happy to read stuff where people show their cool mindsets and thankfulnes. You're cool! 
That's a brilliant analogy well done!
Haha that is so awesome. I could use this as daily motivation. Every day try to beat my ghost from the day before. 
Thank you so much for sharing! With my anxiety and getting triggered by heat because I've linked it to anxiety attacks I'm very very wary to try hot yoga. But it made me be in my future who knows!
Love the analogy. I've been wanting to restart my practice. This is inspiring!
came for Mario kart .. left cause hot yoga
