-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75v250/aa_your_experiences/

I'm so sad this morning after failing to get past day 3 a second time in 2 weeks I need to do something different I'm really struggling to stop. I feel like screaming help me at anyone who will listen... I have never been to aa ironically I've only been to al anon because of my parents before I had an issue with alcohol myself.  I have a family member that has been and she put me off quite a lot because she said that they talk a lot about surrendering I'm not religious and can get past the religious undertones but the idea of surrendering makes my heckles go up...I've found a couple of meetings locally for each day this week but I am still feeling reluctant - please can you let me know the benefits downsides and give me an idea of what to expect?  Even saying  I'm an alcoholic' is putting me off as I don't believe in alcoholism I think anyone can end up where we are and feel awkward about admitting to something I don't agree with. .
----------immediate responses--------

There are definitely norms (like saying "I'm an alcoholic" when you introduce yourself) but you don't *have* to do that. You don't *have* to do anything really. While many people stick to the standard I've seen a handful of people in a variety of meetings introduce themselves in a way that makes them feel comfortable. No one is going to kick you out of a meeting because you don't introduce yourself that way (well hopefully--if they do please note: that person is an asshole). ..My experience has been positive especially in secular AA (as I am not a theist). ..More than anything I think the key takeaways for me have been:  ..1. AA provided spaces where I could talk about what I was going through--especially early on when it was such a struggle--and know that I'm welcome there. I was hit pretty hard with PAWS especially at the beginning and I showed up to a few meetings a total emotional wreck. Despite feeling like a lunatic I was welcomed with open arms and had so many people tell me they understood where I was at and shared their own experiences with me. ..2. Finding sober community I could socialize with *without* being pressured to drink or be in a drinking environment. I was so accustomed to hanging out with alcoholics and fuck ups (myself included--let's be clear) that it allowed me to do a huge reset on my social circle. Now I have a sizable social community that is largely sober as well as a bunch of totally normal drinker friends and none of it is a big deal. But AA really gave me access to that in a super easy straightforward way and I wouldn't have found it otherwise...In my observation (and I'm certainly no expert) I think the fact that I never viewed AA as a "cure" or as a sole solution for my drinking helped a lot. I take what I like and I leave the rest--and I've benefited from it enormously. I'm also extremely lucky that I found some solid meetings particularly secular meetings. ..When I first went in I was really apprehensive and *really* skeptical about the entire endeavor. Honestly I didn't even think I had a real drinking problem. I knew though that things were bad and that moderating was much much harder than I had anticipated (which concerned me). And I knew that I was struggling and everything I had tried up to that point hadn't worked. So I thought to myself "Why not go to meetings for a few months and see how it goes?" At that point I had nothing to lose. So I gave it a shot--and I'm so glad I did.  ..Hang in there and best of luck either way! &lt;3
[removed]
Have you read This Naked Mind? 
This time I focused on a healthy balanced diet combined with exercise. For me this helps keep me more even keeled. 
There's no requirement u/aquamarineeye notes to do anything except be courteous and respectful to those around you.  That includes a "requirement" to believe anything...Here's a principle for you:  when I allow my preconceived thoughts and biases to affect my beliefs about something I have yet to experience I am engaging in *contempt prior to investigation*...AA helped save me life.  I went with an open mind a willingness and a commitment to being honest with myself...Subsequently I am sober happy and healthy...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey...
AA worked for me  when nothing else did...AA worked despite my agnostic non beliefs my inability to own my shit my refusal to take advice because "they" were trying to tell me what to do.  despite being a loner  etc.  ..suggest you check out my "AA meeting in prison" post today i talk about how it works and be glad you cant go to that meeting....
I am in the same boat as u and been considering AA too.  Good to read these responses.  Good luck. X
Many towns have different "flavors" of AA meetings. Some are atheist/agnostic based. Some are meditation based. It may take going to several different meetings before you find one that's right for you. The great thing about AA is that everyone there is in the same boat. They all know exactly what you're going through and can relate. Everyone is very friendly and ready to help. It's a very loving environment. Saying "I'm Papi_Queso and I'm an alcoholic" was incredibly liberating. I had never actually said it out loud. My wife has been going more regularly than me and has made some awesome new girlfriends she goes road biking with several times a week. It's great to meet other people who want to do healthy social activities that doesn't include alcohol. .Side note: one major step for me was finally realizing that I *WANTED* TO QUIT rather than I *NEEDED* TO QUIT. I had to come to terms with the fact that moderation was not possible for me (I tried "responsible" drinking for years). For whatever reason we alcoholics do not have that "off-switch" in our brains that most people have. It sounds like you might need to come to terms with that. Just sayin'. Good luck!
I have to.  I've tried myself and failed. Scared as hell to do it lol but have to.   I'm planning to go tomorrow nite.  I'll let u know how it goes!   
