-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75w8of/after_six_years_sober_and_a_relapse_im_back_at_it/

I quit drinking about 9 years ago. I was 29 freshly divorced mom to a 2 year old daughter. Our divorce wasn't caused by my drinking any more than it was caused by his infidelity - those were character flaws that had always lurked in the shadows of the marriage - and in all honesty the real reason was more due to the fact that marrying your high school sweetheart is not always a great idea. We were babies. He's still a great co-parent and very much involved in our kid's life. ..Anyway back then I quit more or less on my own. And gradually in the years that followed I got a bigger job took up running bought a house on my own and built a good life for my daughter. I started to wonder if maybe quitting was kind of an overreaction. Maybe I'd only been drinking so much because I was in/ending a bad marriage; maybe I could moderate. Maybe I could even  get drinks  on a date. So I tried. ..For almost three years I tried moderating. What that actually means is I binged 2-3 nights a week when my daughter was at her dad's house. ..Nothing that interesting happened in my life during that time. In the years that I've tried moderate drinking the worst thing to happen to me was my cat died and my knee's arthritis flared up benching me from running. But I've been depressed angry irritable gaining weight withdrawn etc. You probably know the drill. ..I took my last drink on October 1. ..I have read a way to look at a relapse that I really identify with. If you're flying from New York to Los Angeles and you get grounded in Chicago because of weather you're not back in New York. I'm grounded in Chicago right now but I've reboarded the plane and the engine is running. This isn't my final destination but I haven't lost all the lessons I learned in long term sobriety. I feel better already: better sleep more patience. And I know - REALLY know - that I can finally bury the fantasy of  drinking normally  and start flying again. ..Anyway it's nice to meet you all. I am looking forward to connecting with people who get it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow. That's something else thank you for sharing. I appreciate the stark difference between life with sobriety and life without it...I'm at a much smaller scale but I had 14 months last year when I thought some of those same thoughts and fell into the same old patterns for 10 months. It still does feel like this time around I know better what to expect. Like you said it's not really my first time taking off...Anyway just wanted to say thanks for posting and good luck. Do you plan on doing anything different this time?
So well said!  That flying analogy is a really good one.  I'll have to remember that one.  Glad you are here and today I won't drink with you.
Thank you so much for writing this. I often wonder if I am "overreacting" but this makes it so clear to me that I am not. Congratulations on getting back on the plane!
Wow. This is so powerful. Thank you for sharing.
Thanks for sharing this. I won't drink with you today. 
Woah. Thanks for sharing. It's always good to have a reminder that the beast is always lurking. Welcome back!
Great post!!! I so agree with you - you KNOW the joys of sobriety - many people on their first try have no idea the good things that are coming so I believe you are going to be even more motivated! - and I agree that feeling of being back at zero is really tough for some folks !!! You are back in the air YAY!!!!
Glad to have you back! I can totally relate to a lot of this.... I am going through a D myself.  I have been told by certain friends and family that I "really only have to be sober for the custody battle" and "i don't really have that bad of a problem"  I sometimes believe them too but I know also that is my alcoholic brain talking.  and I know drinking causes my depression and anxiety to skyrocket.  ..IWNDWYT
I'm glad you got your wings back! 
Great story...thanks for sharing it.
That flying analogy is fantastic! I will not drink with you today :)
welcome back.  glad you're not still sitting in the gate area waiting for them to announce the resumption of your flight.
Amazing insight you have and a great story for all of us to know. Thanks for sharing and best wishes in your sobriety. 
It's great to have you here. It sounds like you are able to look at your situation clearly which is such a gift. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you so much for sharing. I've been on and off with drinking for 2.5 years and have failed many times at moderating. After all those failures you'd think I'd get the idea but regardless around 30 days sobriety my alcoholic brain tries to take over and coax me back into it. I want to stop the cycle.
Thanks for the post. Love the plane flight analogy!  IWNDWYT 
I really like that analogy. I had a year and half of sobriety at 23 that I gave it up because I was "too young". Well at 26 I am 80 lbs heavier and have risked my job my marriage and my life all in the name of alcohol. As it turns out it doesn't matter how old I am I still can't drink. Glad you're back I will not drink with you today! 
The thing you mentioned about nothing really bad happening while you were drinking....I totally get it. I really understand wanting to have a sufficiently compelling reason to decide to quit drinking...My parents I've come to realize would probably be considered heavy drinkers. They've never had anything bad happen as a result. They're happily married they retired early after having good careers and are very financially secure travel frequently have a great house etc. ..As a comparison point my husband's parents don't drink and they're dysfunctional in many ways. They've been bad with finances their whole lives (two bankruptcies) do not have a happy marriage and either argue or give either other the silent treatment are both retired but must work part-time due to money concerns etc. ..On the face of it it looks like alcohol may not really matter at all. You can be very "together" and drink a lot of booze or you can be a complete mess and never touch alcohol. But when I take a closer look I observe that my parents are both overweight have high blood pressure terrible sleep patterns and low thyroid (mom). Would avoiding alcohol help with these health concerns? Almost certainly! And if I think about my in-laws hypothetically taking up drinking that would almost certainly make their problems worse...Thinking about overall health and quality of life it's really hard to make the case that alcohol would improve things and it would very likely make things worse. That's why I've made a similar decision.
Thank you for posting this. I really like your flying analogy. Welcome back OP! I wont drink with you today. 
Wow - that is seriously the best analogy I've heard. Thank you for this.
I had long-term sobriety much like you. There was never a doubt in mind that I was an alcoholic and that my reaction was one that was backed by years and years of data and empirical evidence suggesting that I could never have just one drink. I stopped for several years like you but I forgot what that last drink felt like and how awful I felt the morning after. How I was so committed and resolute in my desire to stop drinking once and for all. This time around I drank for a few months almost always to excess and though I didn't suffer major consequences I did perform poorly at work and gained weight and generally hated life. I knew when I picked back up how this was going to go but didn't fucking care. I wanted relief and wanted it now. ..Good on you for getting back on the wagon and recognizing how much better your life was when you were sober. That analogy is awesome I thought after so many years of AA that I had heard literally every single metaphor analogy and catchy slogan but turns out I haven't!
As a person with about 6 1/2 years this post means the world to me... I need the reminder that my sobriety is a battle fought for one day at a time... Best of luck on the next leg of your journey!
That airplane analogy is awesome. I haven't slipped up but it's still a great way to think. You know you can do it and know what to expect and now have a great comparison. ..Sometimes if I get dreamy about alcohol I think it's because I don't really have a comparison. ..I hadn't been sober for any length of time before I quit to compare to my time drinking. So when I was drinking I didn't know what life was like sober but now I do and if I did drink again (no plans to) I think I would totally notice the stark differences of life without booze/life with it...Thanks so much for posting! These are the important stories that need to be told. 
Thanks for the post.
I've had over a decade sober. Over time I stopped going to AA. I had a good job got married child home. At some point like you I over reacted. I figured I was just a stupid irresponsible drinker. So being that I was in a good place I started to drink. It was just one drink. Several months later another drink. Feeling brave I felt I could control my drinking now that I much older. For the most part I didn't do more than one drink 2X a month. I survived the death of my dad and two siblings and then a daughter born with a genetic disorder inherited from ME which I didn't know I had. I still didn't turn into a raging drunk. I was feeling the craving build deep inside me...Then comes marriage issues and the added stress builds until I reach my breaking point and almost over night I started drinking a full bottle of wine. When I started to get a big stomach I switched to whiskey. I work hard I cook clean I'm there for my daughter and I've been reading to her most every night since she was born. She's almost 14 now and I still read to her...I'm more of a Binge drinker as well. I was up to 6-7 shots if Whiskey starting after 8pm. I'd still be up at 5am to get my daughter off to school and me work...The weird thing is that my wife didn't see it as a problem. I don't think she knew how much I was drinking. Divorce is imminent though. It was 6 or so years ago and the alcohol dumbed my pain.  Now I'm sober and have to deal with the next phase of my life. This is going to hurt. It's going to really hurt!..I'm newly sober as of October 8..I am allergic to alcohol and I will never be able to drink normal..
Love This! I am glad you are here!!
