-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/75y57f/one_year_for_me_whats_good_and_bad/

Today marks 1 year sober from alcohol. I couldn't have done it without the amazing support of my friends and family.  My girlfriend especially. It's been easy in some ways and has definitely gotten easier as time's gone on. I can't even remember the last time I've thought about alcohol.  I still find it hard to be around people whom are drinking and I don't know if that ever gets easier.. Getting sober instantly fixed a lot of problems in my life like the constant nausea; drinking related anxiety; the manic mood swings. There are a lot of things it hasn't fixed though and those are the underlying issues that caused the drinking in the first place. I'm still frequently anxious although that gets easier to deal with. I still sleep poorly although for much different reasons now. I no longer have that social lubricant so I'm less inclined to put myself into large social situations. I also might be addicted to cake - but who isn't really. I'm totally fine with all these things though. Sobriety has brought me a freedom that I never thought I'd experience. I'm grateful everyday for this new lease on life. I'm finally happy and all that cheesy corny stuff. .To anyone in this sub who may be struggling: you've got this!  I won't drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on one year!!!..I was also addicted to cake for a little more than a year of sobriety LOL...I'm so happy that you're finally happy. I won't drink with you today.
Unfortunately we're not cured of our underlying issues just because we quit drinking. Some things take a lot of work to get through but the important thing is that we do whatever we can to improve on those things and we do it sober. ..Fucking congrats on one year. That's a long ass time. Keep up the good work!
the damn street prices on cake has gotten crazy lately ;-)
Congratulations! I'm 11 months and my experience is very similar to yours. That cake addiction is a real thing! 
Congrats!! One year is amazing!! How was your drinking habits?
Yup. Everything you said. Exactly. ..Congratulations on your accomplishment. Be VERY proud of yourself. :)
Congrats!
Well played hats off to you! Really great achievement great to read your post. Have a good one!
Congratulations on one year! Wow  yes I was just thinking today - when does the obsessive thoughts of wanting a glass of wine stop? To be truthful it wouldn't be a glass - it would be a bottle. I'm tired and wine was (in addition to other things) an ok to relax and something to do when I am board and an escape. Ok Im gonna stop. I truly am happy for you and I won't drink with you today. 
&gt; I also might be addicted to cake - but who isn't really...Ha!! Yeah I keep wishing those 5 pounds would magically drop away. Oddly though so far... no...Congrats on 1 year!
Hey! That's a nice site lining of the various stages that on this for 3 to rewire the brain. I totally get what you say about underlying issues that encouraged you to drink still being there. Thanks for sharing your experience and congratulations
I might be addicted to cake too. Thank you for having the courage to open up to us about this seldom talked about addiction. We need a subreddit for us who can't control our cake eating r/stopeatingcake. Seriously great post. Congrats!!
Happy 1 year to you!  I hope you got a special cake for your soberversary.  I kind of prefer pie to cake personally though a truly excellent cake will make my eye wander.  ..Here's to a life a solving problems instead of exacerbating them!
Great job on the year!
The similarities I read on here make me feel more normal in my abnormality.  I could cut and paste what you wrote for my upcoming anniversary.  Well done.  Keep it going.
Congratulations 
Right on! huge congrats :) and yeah addicted to cake here as well. Yes it's a thing! haha..Anyway have a great day and I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for sharing this with us congrat on a year!!
Wow a year is great! Keep going  
