-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/763lxg/how_to_break_alcohol_paired_associations/

I've suffered to relapses over the last two weekends and I'm determined not to let it happen this time. But what I'm struggling with most is how to break down certain activities/hobbies/rituals I've come to associate with alcohol consumption; indeed even to the point where I can ONLY ENJOY them with the enabling emotional effects of alcohol. For example watching certain shows or listening to certain music even simple activities like a gentle walk into town - these just don't feel right without guzzling a few cans of lager first. I'm desperate to break this dominating consuming fusion of emotional satisfaction and alcohol...ALCOHOL   JOY!..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm no expert as you will see by my relapse but I am very good at managing break ups.  I've come to see alcohol as breaking up with a very sexy but abusive partner of x years who you thought you would spend your life with.  You used to have such amazing times with them you adore them you hate them you can't see yourself without them youve desperately tried to get these amazing times back but to no avail  - sometimes there's a glimpse which gives you hope but it usually ends in tears.  They've shown their true colours  they (prosecco for me) were never who they pretended to be...When I break up with someone I give myself time to grieve.  There's no avoiding some places which are going to remind you of them and it's going to hurt - they were never really the person you fell for - you will feel lonely and your emotions will go crazy you'll think about what could have should have been (they aren't the person who you fell for).  Your mind will play tricks on you and you will think of them with others other ppl get to laugh with them be with them have the fun with them that you once had...but that won't last cause they aren't the person they pretended they were sooner or later those ppl (new friends/gfs) will find out the truth and likely get hurt themselves.  You know you are better if without them but it takes time.  ..A little time goes by and you start to go to the places where you both used to go it's uncomfortable might even bring back loneliness or make you miss them but this is the point you work hard to create new memories and wipe out the old...As happens with abusive relationship the more you go back the less you respect yourself and the harder it becomes to leave - you don't even believe it when you say never again.   One day you finally have enough cut them out the the time to get over it you look back years later at the same person you would have died for and think wtf was I thinking? And wonder how you ever wasted your time with them all you have for their new gf/bf is pity...This will be us.  Sooner or later as long as we don't give up this will definitely be us.
Just DON'T pick up that first drink. It is truly as simple as it is hard. Also play the tape forward - for me it always ends badly. Wishing you success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
There's a great book called The Power Of Habit (and why we do what we do). In short it's about breaking bad habits and developing new ones. Just the act of doing any of these activities makes your brain associate it with alcohol which leads to a craving every time you trigger it by doing one of these activities. The easiest way to break that is to switch up your habits. You don't have to completely change everything but change the way you approach each habit which leads to the message in your brain saying "need beer". Watch your shows at a different time or in a different room. Listen to music in different environment. Change up your walking routes etc. Making small changes like that can break up the trigger (the activity) craving/having (the drink to go with it) and reward (the drink). Apparently it takes 28 days for a new habit to stick so don't expect results over night and keep at it! :) 
I have had to change everything. ..The routine I walk home from work was past four off licenses so I changed my route. I don't watch certain TV programmes I don't play PlayStation games at the moment and I don't sit around bored...All of the above were huge things for me as I was a daily drinker and I had to rewire myself...It's definitely scary changing stuff but the thing is is that it's helped hugely. If I sat and watched certain programmes that I watched again and again when I was drinking I'd associate it with booze and feel uncomfortable so for now I'm not watching it. Maybe I will in the future but not today...Since I did fuck all during my drinking ive taken up a bunch of little hobbies. I always hated it when my sponsor suggested a hobby but now I find myself fixing stuff round the house spending more time cooking and actually reading a book!
I share the struggle and do not have a great answer. ..Trying to move to the "I know the truth about alcohol and don't want it" space as recommended in "This Naked Mind" I think is the ultimate goal.  ..In the mean time another tip from the book was learning to separate wanting from enjoying.  I feel like I want it but I wont enjoy it..One of my big triggers/excuses was cooking.  The family has to eat so I cannot just stop.  I had a real routine around points in food preparation where I would drink.  It's like the recipe read: Let onions and celery cook for five minutes until soft slam wine until done.  Now I cook a bunch of meals at once power through and try to change the habit and associations.  I still look in the pantry for the wine box at points.  ..You can do it IWMDWYD
I am right with you! I also had to cut a friend out of my life. She brought out the worst in me. It is helping a lot. IWNDWYT!
Im a lover of video games and took to always having a drink while I played. It got to the point where I was blacking out while playing and losing out on hours of gameplay. Once I stopped drinking I felt no urge to play games at all because in my head it became so boring without a drink. .After about 2 weeks I was in love with them again and now feel so much happier actually remembering what I've done and being able to play better because the alcohol isn't impairing me. Just don't pick up that first drink and let some weeks pass and you will be back to your fun having self. ..IWNDWYT! 
