-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7650ud/what_to_say/

Next week I am starting a new job in a new city for the first time since I quit drinking.  At my current job my coworkers were generally aware that I quit drinking because I was struggling with alcohol abuse. I was able to be completely honest with a few of my coworkers including my boss.  I would like to avoid telling my new coworkers that I have struggled with alcoholism but I will be invited to go out for drinks and I will be offered alcohol at dinner. I will be able to decline the alcohol but what can I say when they ask why I NEVER drink?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been in my current job for about a year and a half and I've gone out to bars and dinner parties with some of my new coworkers on a number of occasions without drinking. So far no one has asked about it and I'm one of several people who never seem to be drinking at these sorts of events. I'm sure a large part of it comes down to workplace culture but it hasn't been an issue for me. ..But before the first few times going out with coworkers I stressed about what I'd say if someone asked me about it. My plan was to simply say it doesn't agree with me and leave it at that. 
I think it depends on how comfortable you are but I usually don't provide extra detail and people don't usually ask...Those who are nosy I just say something like it gives me stomach problems. If I trust the person I might just tell them I used to drink too much and feel much better when I don't drink...People continue to surprise me though - very few have ever pressed me for a reason why.  
This is interesting because I've been wondering how to tell people "I don't drink" and why. Then I realized that I know and have known several people over the years who don't drink at all. They just say things like "I don't like the way it makes me feel" or "I don't like the taste" or "I'm allergic.' Don't know if that helps but it's funny that people who already don't drink are totally comfortable with that. 
"I don't drink alcohol." 
Say you don't like the taste? 
You don't have to explain anything to anyone. I used "nah my last drink almost drank me no thanks"
"I don't drink.".."Why?".."I achieved my lifetime quota about 10 years ago." ..I refrain from telling them it took me another 5 years to realize that and another 5 years after that to get around to quitting. ..I'm pretty honest about it. I don't go around telling people I'm a raging alcoholic but there's freedom in not carrying a dirty little secret. And there's much to be proud of in owning our mistakes and flaws and doing something to change. I think the more people who see a happy healthy sober person on the right side of sobriety the better. 
It seems like people who knew me as a drinker will ask why I stopped but people I'm meeting for the first time never question it.  Think about it.  Would you question a new acquaintance about why they're not drinking?  Good luck.
