-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/769m2l/managing_sobriety_and_mental_illness/

In addition to having a problem with alcohol I have bipolar disorder. Although my illness is really well-managed with medication I have really been struggling lately with social anxiety which is causing me to withdraw/isolate. Loneliness is one of my biggest drinking triggers so this is very difficult. I know sobriety is essential for managing my mental health but it is really difficult to keep it all straight sometimes. Is anyone else dealing with a mental health diagnosis along with alcohol problems? I would value some insight/discussion. .
----------immediate responses--------

I am. I am recovering from an eating disorder and substance abuse. It's hard because in early days people were eating and eating and I was still restricting at that time. I found it really hard because I needed to balance the need to nourish myself but I still really hated myself so I wanted to binge or restrict...What's really helped me is mindfulness meditation and getting a good counsellor that I trust.
I have schizoaffective. Getting medicated was the first step and as my symptoms became managed I stopped drinking. Loneliness is also one of my triggers so any time I get lonely and drinky-seeky I exercise to exhaustion read/write intensely socialise or meditate until the urge to drink passes. It always does. In my experience social anxiety also passes. 
Yes!! Clinical depression here! I would drink the most when I was in dark dark place. I hated myself so I deserved to be drunk and not feel anything. 10 months sober but still when I get overly stressed or extremely depressed the thoughts of drinking come back. It's just 1 day at a time. I try to remember how much WORSE i would do with alcohol and all the reasons not to drink that typically helps me. Shame is a big motivator for me haha
Might get shit on but ADHD. The debilitating kind the kind that makes relationships professional endeavors and true recovery next to impossible...For 2.5 years I wandered in the desert with an untreated mental illness performed poorly at work and school and had zero self-confidence despite working the steps of AA twice over and sponsoring guys/doing the deal. All because I was afraid of being ostracized by the recovery community. When I got back on three things happened: 1) I was promoted twice in less than 2 years doubling my salary. 2) I was finally able to maintain healthy long-lasting relationships both platonically and intimately dating my first "wife prospect" girlfriend ever. 3) I was cast out by people I thought were my friends and accused of swapping addictions. In fact after sharing my successes in a meeting I was (crosstalked mind you) asked point blank if that was the first time I had ever done meth what I had told my doctor to get a script (my addictionologist knew full well what was going on and supported it) and if I wanted a 24-hour chip and a do-over. ..I was in the Southeast at the time so take note of that and realize that not all meetings are like this but I lost a lot of sober friends during those first 3 months. Granted I made twice as many new "normal" ones that I maintain to this day who knew full well what my deal was and what I was going through. That left me prettttaaayyy pretttaaayyy sour on AA but today I'm giving it another chance now that I'm in a new more progressive city and knowing full well that I can't do this alone...I strongly encourage you continue your medication regimen under medical supervision. If not I hate to condemn anyone but it's highly likely you will go back to self-medication with the substance you're trying so hard to stay away from. Social anxiety blows I deal with that too and to be told from day 1 that you can't take the ONE thing that helped you in that regard really sucks. But that's why these loony 12-step programs can be so helpful. Instant community instant intimacy instant connection...Anyways I'm all over the place but just wanted you to know that dual diagnosis is probably more prevalent than it isn't in recovery circles and you're not alone. But don't let any stump-jumpin' Jethros tell you that taking medication as prescribed isn't sobriety. You define your own sobriety. Shit to me and to many others as long as you aren't taking something with the intention of escaping your feelings you're sober. ..You will certainly never experience that type of judgment here on /r/stopdrinking. 
