-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76c8s6/i_relapsed_six_days_ago_and_still_recovering/

I relapsed after 160 days last Sunday and I realized:..1. My body shut down as soon as I put beer in it. I won't get into great detail but something was really wrong from the start..2. I always want more and never get that 'rush' no matter how much I drink. It's gone. I can remember 5 good minutes out of 9 hours: just not worth it..3. I can not possibly maintain this level of consumism on a regular basis I would be pennyless - and on top of that I cancelled my work the next day which doesn't help either.4. I had one and a half days of terrible hang over one day of depression and anxiety and on the next I got a cold and fever. .Ok the universe is telling me something. I just can't drink. I write this so I remember the next time I decide to do it again: the price to pay is just too high. Knowing all this I wonder why I still crave it so badly. Last week I drank just to feel 'normal again' probably because of AA telling me constantly that I have 'a disease'. I dunno. AA has helped me a lot though I couldn't do it on my own...Next time this happens I will do something different. Sobriety is just too good.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I can feel your pain through this post.  I recently relapsed and felt like I was chasing something the whole time that never materialized.  I'm so sick of thinking about drinking all the time I felt the same about AA.  Like why couldn't I be normal.  I suspect this is my perspective being fucked up.  I'm not concentrating on what really matters and that's getting better.  We can't drink booze doesn't work for us anymore...it's no longer relevant in our lives.  Time to leave the toxic relationship.  We got this these early days are brutal but I will not drink so I don't have to fight back through these again.  I won't drink with you today.
I like the idea that you're writing and posting this so that it will help you "play the tape forward" next time you have a craving. What are some other strategies that might help you?
Sorry you had to go through that... What caused the relapse?
I have to compare it to a peanut allergy. Some people can't have peanuts I CAN'T have alcohol. Period. And no amount of wishing I could moderate or 'drink like a gentleman' will change that. The last two times I relapsed I don't remember any of. What's that point in that  ..In my wallet i keep a list of goals that I have that I won't reach with how I drink as well as a list of what happens when I drink. Reminds me its not worth it. 
Thank you all. I have to be extremely careful next time that I'm in the mood that took me to drink. I'm gonna use the phone too and do the next right thing - that's what I forgot to do.
 I will not drink with you today!  So you slippedget back on the horse you can do it you did 160..
Hey not drinking at all like we're choosing *is* actually *totally* normal however our peers or society and the media can make it feel!  You took one hundred and sixty steps forward and one tiny mis-step back. It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into that and get a lot of helpful ammunition out of it.  I'm not drinking with you   it just doesn't do anything good for me any more and that's OK.  You're doing brilliantly and I bet people here considering a drink tonight find your post really helpful too..
I feel your pain completly man it's such a tough lesson to learn. My alcohol use is fine but my porn addiction I relapsed on exactly 6 days ago and I went throught the same process.  Seems like though once we do long streaks if we can get back to the 10-14 day range it is much easier to get back on the train.
I relapsed big time last month. I ended up crying and yelling curses at myself. My body felt bloated and broken. But the only thing you can do is recommit. Clean slate philosophy. I will not have a drink with you today. Grateful to hear you're back on track.
Do not let one day of drink ruin your amazing length of sobriety.  You realize it was a mistake and you move on. You have an incredible strength in you and one mistake cannot take that away from you. I congratulate you on your fortitude. Awesome accomplishment!!! IWNDWYT 
This could be my saving grace today. Been struggling hard for the first time since around day 30. Was debating on just giving in and getting focused again tomorrow but this is a reminder it is not that easy. Thanks for sharing. 
All the times I've gotten past a few months 180 days being a persinal best I've felt the "is this REALLY as good as it gets?" -effect as in I've thought not drinking would make me happy and content. And I know now that it doesn't. Because those aren't things you can own or be assured of. But I am quite sure that my life however hard it might feel will be so much more painful and empty if I drink. And personally getting back on track after a relapse becomes harder each time so it's just a bad move. Glad you're here.
I hear you on this.  I drank after about 80 days sober and I've been sick ever since.  Cold after cold after cold.  Those 3 days of drinking totally messed up my body.  All the more reason to continue life sober and healthy
I can hear your pain. Try not to be too hard on yourself.  I know that for me that is a part of drinking tying myself to the whipping post. 
Yeah I relapsed after six months and I can relate to this. There was no euphoria it was kind of a let down. I just blacked out and felt like shit for three days.
Good summary of the experience. I can remember enough to play it back in my head --- the "good part" is ever so short and fleeting. The  other 80% of the reality of the experience is nothing to be nostalgic about!
There's no more rush it's gone. I relate to that so much. It's partly why I had to stop drinking because at the end I was drinking more and more for the rush that never came. As for wondering why we still crave...there's no logic to addiction so it's no use thinking our way out of it. I think acceptance of those two things is part of the mourning of alcohol so we can heal and look forwards again. Thanks for sharing it's brave posts like this that remind me why I'm doing all of this in the first place. I hope you're feeling better and up and running again real soon.
[removed]
I feel you.  It's as if the door is now closed forever.  Even if we wanted to return to drinking it just doesn't work anymore.  Glad you are here.  
I drank recently to loosen up to be more assertive and confident in bed with a FWB of mine. Hung over 2 days couldn't sleep for 3 night sweats and shakes for a few days then battling a 10 day cold. One night of drinking negatively impacting my health and looks for 2 weeks; my face looks disgusting bloated skin flaking like dandruff and red. ..Best irony of all? It took so much vodka to get me buzzed that I ended up passing out before me and the girl started to mess around. I couldn't see her for 10 days because that's how long my face needed to clear up. ..I remember when a couple of beers would give me hours of fun more outgoing more talkative hang outs with friends. Now it's a few minutes of fun before blacking out and forgetting everything then spending at least a week recovering. Oh and you mentioned your body shutting down the second you drank ? I was gagging on the vodka and my body was definitely doing everything it could to tell me "don't do this..." For anyone thinking about trying to start drinking again in moderation just don't. You know how people say if you quit drinking a while your tolerance will reset? Yeahhh I'm starting to think that's a myth. Wishful thinking really. I'm convinced that binge drinkers will never get normal tolerance back. I hope typing this out helps remind me that drinking will make me fun for 10 minutes then miserable 2 weeks. 
Welcome back.  Lesson learned.
