-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76cqx3/how_to_deal_with_the_social_pressure/

Hey everyone. Long time lurker. I just turned 23 and I've been drinking excessively everyday since maybe 19 or 20. I'm no longer liking the effect of alcohol and I don't like the choices I make while drunk. ..Throughout the day I get urges to drink especially when I go out to lunch because I mostly ride my bike everywhere and I'll be hot and sweaty. Then once I drink one beer I have to drink the rest of the night. I no longer enjoy cracking a nice beer open with the friends now it's a comfort and a habit and I'm ready to stop. ..Here's where I struggle the most.. I'm a bartender/ Server at a bar where everyone drinks a lot. Days I come in sober and don't want to drink I seem to be met with shots of tequila with the coworkers.  I want my will power to be strong enough. I want to be healthy. I know a lot of you are going to quit my job however this place I make great money it's close to where I stay it's on the beach flexible hours... it has its benefits I'm just hating the social pressure to drink. ..Sorry for the rant but what have you guys (esp fellow bartenders) to stop drinking at work?..Thanks guys and I will not drink with you today
----------immediate responses--------

I don't work in a bar. But there is a lot of talk about drinking and a big social scene outside our place of work.   For instance tonight m there is a baby shower which I am not going to as I'm working. But already ppl r saying sure park up the car and come with me. And another party next week which I said is drive to but got told to wise up. Also have friends outside work who don't seem to want to to stop drinking!  It's is by far that hardest part of it for me.  
I'm a recovering bartender ;) meaning I used to tend bar and worked in that biz for a good 15 years. I never drank on shift (OK a few times) but it is illegal in my state so it wasn't worth the risk. But after? We'd get shitfaced. It is definitely part of the service industry culture (or it was where I was in space and time)...I don't have any advice because I didn't try to stop while I was in that world but I just felt compelled to say I commend you for taking a look under your hood and asking some questions. I know it is easier said than done but at the end of the day it is always your choice regardless of peer pressure. ..I won't drink with you today either! Be well :).
In early sobriety when I was struggling with social situations I took antabuse when I knew I'd be in situations in which I might drink.  Since Antabuse makes people very sick if they take it with alcohol it removed the option of drinking and forced me to figure out how to navigate drinking environments sober.  I'm not sure I could have succeeded using just my will power.  
