-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76fm9t/sometimes_its_the_little_things/

This past week has been the hardest week on my sober journey.  I came so close to giving in  (sometimes multiple times a day) due to stress at work and home but I managed to take it day by grueling day. On my way home from work yesterday all I could think about was how good a jack and ginger would taste while chilling on my porch. I mean it is Fall and one won't hurt right? Luckily someone called me and interrupted those thoughts. .After dinner I was still struggling and even came close to make and excuse to go grab something from the store so my wife could bake some brownies. Fortunately I caught myself and let her go instead. .After we put our daughter to bed  we decided to watch Mindhunter on Netflix. I made it through 4 episodes before I fell asleep! It sounds silly but I was so proud of myself when I woke up this morning. I cannot tell you the last time I was able to watch a movie or single episode of a show with my wife without passing out because I had been drinking since noon. We plan on finishing the series tonight and when I wake up tomorrow I plan on celebrating my 6 weeks of sobriety with a run and big breakfast!  . Hang in there everyone. We can do this!!  IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Nice!  We watched the first episode of Mindhunters last night as well although my wife fell asleep haha. Seems good thus far!..I'll also be going for a run tomorrow!  Apple cider CHEERS!  IWNDWYT. :)
Good for you! The first bit is so difficult. What help do you have in place to keep you sober apart from your wife and yourself? I passed the five year mark back in February. It can totally be done so just keep on getting through each day and keep going!!
Be proud of yourself not silly at all!  Also watched the first 4 of Mindhunter (I read the original book in mid-1990s highly recommend very chilling).  ..As to the little things:  sometimes it *is* the little things in life that turn out to really matter.  One of my favorite all-time quotes:..&gt;"....the little decisions you and I make every day are of such  infinite importance."   C. S. Lewis..I will not drink with you today.
One of the biggest sobriety bonuses has been my ability to concentrate on movies and TV and remember them.  I remember going to see wolf of wall street and falling asleep several times and my wife being pissed.   
