-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76fnpn/about_your_responsibly_planned_relapse/

the longest I've ever made it in the last 20yrs was 84days. I remember having the best excuse ever but those details really aren't important. I got my favorite beer and bourbon and chilled both to perfection. I was showered feeling great. I drank myself silly until I passed out. it was well planned and I didn't have to work for a couple days. I had a good time no need for excuses about what it was. I had a good time enough to convince myself that it deserved a responsible place in my life. I wouldn't call it a promise but a reasonable expectation was then made that I would only drink with a 2 day buffer before work. if I could quit for 84days you'd better believe I could abstain for 5 or 6 at a time. I had proved to myself that I was capable. and it worked it really did. maybe 2 or 3 months went by before the first of a few bad hangovers. I saw what was happening though and quickly made a responsible adjustment. I would put the bourbon down and just have beers but keep my cadence and work buffer. you're not an alcoholic if you can put yourself in check like this. if you can put down the whiskey and just have beers once or twice a week. the hangovers quickly became milder and some days there weren't any at all. how about that? I was proud of myself. I found the sweet spot. I was completely functional with no bad hangovers and something to look forward to every week. and since the hangovers weren't a problem there was no reason why I couldn't have a few beers on an extra day here and there. like if a big game was on or friends were over. that's what people do anyway and I finally had my shit together. so before you know it I was having beers almost daily again. but I was managing. except now when a special occasion presented itself it called for a one off bourbon with some respectable space before work of course. so then it was beers all week and bourbon on Fri/Sat. until an excuse like a shit day would come up to have bourbon on a Tuesday for whatever reason. and just like that I found my way back to being the sweaty shaky blacked out muttering mess that I knew all too well. ..this shit is a thinking man's downfall. whatever logic persuasiveness and charisma you are capable of will be used against yourself and you lose every fucking time. like 100% every time. so go ahead and congratulate yourself on being so damn brilliant in advance. hell if I were to convince myself that I could responsibly smell alcohol just smell it and never have a sip I guarantee I will end up in full blown checkmate DT's in just a matter of time. there's nothing worth even entertaining the thought. fuck everything about alcohol. change the channel. 
----------immediate responses--------

I sincerely needed this post this evening. I have been thinking off and on all day about moderation. Bullshit right?  Thank you for taking the time to write.  I will definitely "change the channel."
Yeah moderation is not my strong suit either. "The voices" are so clever...I too am changing the channel. ..Won't be drinking today.
Ha! My own intelligence always plays against me in those mind games. So weird. If I want something I can always persuade me that I need it and it will be OK. So recently I simply play dumb shut myself up and hurry along the street until I'm safely home. 
This resonates with me. Years and years of moderation attemps ending in complete failure. I have to accept one is too many and too much is never enough. I simply cant reason with alcohol so I'm done trying. 
Thanks for this..I just found an old flask of mine...shook it and sure enough it was full..Unscrewed the top and took a sniff...took another big sniff..Just the smell after the four months of sobriety made me almost just take a sip. I used to love swigging on whiskey..Put it right back where I found it..Didn't pour it out yet..I think I agree that I can't smell it without a strong temptation to actually take a drink..I will not be drinking with you today.
&gt; this shit is a thinking man's downfall. whatever logic persuasiveness and charisma you are capable of will be used against yourself and you lose every fucking time. like 100% every time. so go ahead and congratulate yourself on being so damn brilliant in advance...This is great and just what I needed to read. I will never be able to out think this addiction.
I completely relate to everything you said. Great post. 
This shit right here man. I'm saving this. Spot on exactly what ends up happening. Every. Single. Time when I start thinking. ..I couldn't have said it that well holy shit thanks for posting this.
This speaks to me a lot. And you're totally right - fuck everything about alcohol. For some (me included) moderation is a trap. I definitely will not drink with you today
I won't drink with you today. I've just been trying not to think too much.
Profound post! You said it....change the channel. I'm going to remember that line every time my mind tries to play tricks on me. I love one of the posters responses here- next time I will drop my intelligence and just play dumb.  Much safer!
Great post man. You really nailed it
Few years ago I had quit for a whole year after which I thought that I should be able to moderate. It started with once a week then only on the weekends then weekend plus wednesday. Before you know it I was drinking everyday heavily. Took me six years of heavy drinking after that to again seriously try quitting. I am soon going to have my one year anniversary but this time I am determined to be vigilant and not get complacent. I do not ever want to start it again since I know that moderation won't work for me. Plus the mental games required for moderation are exhausting.
Thank you for this post just the type I needed to read. Im here checking in by reading posts and helping myself stay strong before I head out for the night to watch football in a bar with our tailgate group (going to the bar because its an away game and no one wanted to host the game at their house).  Everyone will be drinking. except me. I know it will be hard but I wont do it.  I wont drink tonight!
Yep we all think we'll be different.. we'll be the guy who can pick up every now and then and keep it in control. And we never are because we're alcoholics. ..It's why I'm here. It's why I keep going to AA meetings. It's why I'm working the phone lines tomorrow. I need to keep hearing this message because that same little voice opens up in my head from time to time. Good luck and I won't drink with you today!
The best way to understand this is to take a step back look at everything you just wrote and say "Do people who don't have a problem really spend this much time thinking like this?  Or even think like this at all?".  Once I answered that question honestly for myself it's been fuck alcohol ever since and I never have looked back for too terribly long.  Too many other things in life for me to dedicate my time too.
Very well written. Thanks for this. I've been trying to nudge the sinister beast off my shoulder recently and this post gave it a good shove. Much appreciated.
One of the best posts I've seen on this subreddit. I like how you started out like maybe it worked just as it does in my own head. Just maybe this time it will work...and it never does.
Yes spot on!
Thanks for this. When I start finding myself getting apathetic about my sobriety it's so important for me to read something like this. It strikes the strongest chord and stokes a fire in me.
Definitely saving this for later.  Thanks for taking the time to write.  I will not drink with you today.
This.  And the longer you go the more it seems like you have it under control so a little break is ok right?  No.  No it's not all right.  Mother f*ing lizard brain.  
For me the best metaphor is this: it's easier to keep the tiger in a cage than it is to keep it on a leash...Great post! 
Thank you very much for this post.  Especially resonates with me since I have 84 days today and definitely feeling like "I got this".  Good to have a reminder that I DON'T got this.
Lizard brain is right.
I was about to go out and drink tonight. I thought I should come here and think about it before I did something stupid... and your post was at the top practically screaming at me. I made my own post for accountability and I'm headed home now but your post certainly was a good slap in the face telling me to not be dumb. Thanks.
This is exactly how I fell off the wagon - which I never got back on by the way - two years ago. Was sober for almost a year and then on my birthday I let my self go just this one time. Then I followed the exact same steps you described. The false sense of control it's sneaky as hell. I'm slowly getting back on track this sub is helping me a lot.
I read that whole thing in the voice of the Trainspotting intro. Great writing and profound insights all the way through. 
My head is out to get my ass every day.
How poignantly written. And it is so generous to share these honest words. I'm kind of agog at it.  
Explained perfectly - thanks  for posting!  Changed the channel! .IWDWYT! 
Just got home from a wedding and I'll be damned if a beer didn't sound good. I needed to read this tonight. Thanks for the reminder. Sober on!
I scanned through most responses and see a lot of "mental defense" strategies. I forget at times this isn't an aa sub I'm just keen to listen to people's experience on how they overcame the drinking problem. For myself I needed a total psychic change and am dam lucky to have   experienced one. 
Perfect timing for this post. For some reason last couple of days I've been having these reoccurring thoughts of relapse. I gotta keep that shit in check. Anyhow good luck to you and thanks again for posting this! I needed to see it. I will not drink with you tonight.
No drinkies for me today 
Wow. Thank you so much for this. This is exactly what I needed to read tonight.
I just recently relapsed. (couple times in the past few weeks).I was sober for a while. I thought I could manage it. I really thought I could. I cant. I cant manage it but I know I can stop drinking and be sober again. It is a fight worth fighting. Thanks for the post.
I tried moderation so many times and like everyone else ended up back to my worst. All moderation gave me was constant thinking about drinking when drinking it was boring and knowing I could 'only' have three in one sitting made me crave more. ..I feel much better and more in control never having that first drink. 
Thanks for this. I'm already bargaining with myself. Maybe in a month I can have a glass with Sunday lunch Christmas Dinner. A couple of beers when the football (soccer) is on...I know me though. Then it will be why not a glass or 2 on a Friday...Then I'll be here again....
Thanks
I think whatever a person uses to stay away from the drink is fine by me. It seems you have discovered hatred of alchohol is your bag. Good for you. Hopefully i can find something like that too hold onto
Yup that was me. What I've learned is that sobriety does not accumulate one does not build a buffer. You can't charge your sobriety and spend it on harmless drinking. We are always one day from falling back. Day after day.
This is me thanks for posting stay the course it's a better life without it
Yeah I am on vacation and having trouble finding things to do in the evenings.  The thought has definitely been in my mind so thank you for posting.
You really capture the cunning baffling and powerful characteristics if the disease and describe them well.  Thank you for this insight.
Thanks for the post. 
Saving this to remind me when I next start to rationalise 'moderating'. Thanks 
Yes when I relapsed the worst possible outcome was getting away with it - because the internal propaganda machine went into overtime
&gt;sweet spot..Dang I looked for that sweet spot for years...lots of alcoholic math went into the calculation. Odds are near 100% that the beautifully told story you just told is the same road I would go down if I ever try drinking again. (substitute out the bourbon for a bunch of fancy pants wines). Why would I dare tempt those odds? FTZ..As for smelling alcohol at about four months in I was sitting at a bar waiting on take out dinner and the bartender is telling a patron seated about six seats away "we just got this Riesling in...yadda yadda" opens the bottle and I swear I could smell it like it was right under my nose. All I could think was "that stuff messed me up".  Luckily my food order arrived just then and I was out of there. 
If I'm being honest with myself I admit that I never in my life ever wanted to drink moderately.   I was always trying to get as buzzed as possible without getting sloppy drunk.   I never succeeded at either goal so why would I expect it to work now?
so well said.  It's a no win situation every time.
This has both served as a reminder to how my last attempt at moderation went and made me want to listen to Tom Waits...Started with a glass of wine on a Friday night after work. Had to finish that bottle within the next few days right? White wine doesn't stay tasty very long. Well a bottle of scotch is nice to keep around for special occasions. Whoops had a rough breakup. Bottle's gone. Well I'm trying to get comfortable dating again and build up my confidence. I guess a shot of vodka will do. Wait I didn't feel that. Let's try eight more. In fact let's do it every day. In fact let's do it before during and after work too. Oh fuck. 
Good grief just reading that is exhausting...I know that ridiculous reasoning all too well. All "keeping it in check" does it just make us think about drinking all. the. time. Thanks for posting this. Really does help.
Change the channel!!
Thanks for the story! Powerlessness is no joke! I'm almost lucky in the way if I pick up at all I go way off the rails so I know moderation is impossible and abstinence is the only way. Best of luck! 
moderate lol right really your just giving yourself permission to drink again "another chance" so to say. But theres a 99.999% chance youll just end up where you were when you were wanting to quit. Face it were weak were powerless over alcohol Im not ashamed to admit it. Actually I feel glad and proud that I was smart enough to figure it out and do something about it. Alot of people dont alot of people who seem like "normal drinkers" are trapped too they just dont realize it. Alcohol is a drug plain and simple.. I wont drink with you today.
This is me with wine...I'm gonna moderate I'll just have 1 maybe two and only on the weekend. A couple of hours later I'm opening the second bottle which I have to polish off the next day...which leads to another bottle. My life is an F. Scott Fitzgerald quote: First you take a drink then the drink takes a drink then the drink takes you. 
Yes! Addiction is in the preconscious brain. No amount of rational thought can make it go away. Trust the overwhelming evidence of what happens to people who try to moderate.
This perfectly describes the alcoholic mind. Let us remember that there is no "just one." There are immutable truths in life and I can't have even one drink is one of them. 
Your story is mine too.
I needed to read this.  Thanks for taking the time to write and post. I won't drink with you today.
This is pure TRUTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So true. I allowed myself to smell wine on Friday night and all the alarm bells went off in my rain...Fuck smelling it and fuck drinking it. FTZ. 
fantastic post - and doesn't it ALWAYS go exactly like this - thanks man. saved it. 
I like this post.  I can also mediate - until I can't.  It starts well but eventually there's always something t that happens to justify more.  You know what 9 times out of 10 I even have a fine night drinking...no issues at all. Sometimes I even leave some in a bottle of wine.  That final time out of 10 I'll go to far and do something humiliating or out of character.  ..Drink is a problem it doesn't matter if we can control it for a time or if we aren't even that bad when we do - if at any point we want to control/stop and find ourselves unable to do so it's a problem.  It's not normal to put as much energy as we do thinking about how to drink and that's why it's a problem. 
Ha ha! Thank you. I needed to read that at day 84! 
That's a good warning OP.  I'm not saying I haven't been planning to try the same sort of experiment after I pass my 90-day goal but I could see myself going down the same sort of slope...I might just save your post to review if I do get to that point.  Thanks.
This is almost exactly what happened to me about 9 months ago. With me it was wine because its good for you to have red wine daily for heart health and a couple craft beers a week is ok too because no one can over drink craft beers. Well I was wrong and a bottle and a half of wine hangover is likely the worst. After a few weeks of controlled drinking I was completely out of control using the silliest excuses that came to mind. Now I am hoping I can remember I cannot do this again and there will always be a complete take over. Thanks for posting.
You have a great writing style. I'm going to save this for when Im really seriously ready to try stopping. 
Fantastic post. 
