-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76iom2/struggling_this_sunday/

Today is my day 7 I hardly slept last night from anxiety work is stressful and reminding me how much I hate my job in retail this usually sets of a spiral of self worth thoughts.....All I want to do is get in the bath with a glass of wine when I get home I'm going to try not to. Every time iv felt like this iv told myself il have a sweet drink and see how I feel and the feeling has passed. ...What do you guys do in these situations? 
----------immediate responses--------

Your mind wants to do what it always did in this situation.   It is a habit and relaxes you.  You need to find something else to do and  refuse to go back to the old habit... you know where that leads. Perhaps a movie cruising the internet a hike in the woods a trip to the mall.   I have done all of the above and it helped me. I find baking pies or pizza with a pizza steel is fun and relaxing and  I can get fully absorbed in it.   
I call a sober support person and often go to a meeting.  Gets through these rough spots!
To me you just hit the nail on the head right here. Reach out express how you feel talk about it and realize you are not alone. To me being with someone who shares the same struggles is the only thing that gets me through the rough patches. To be heard and understood loved and supported with all our flaws is what builds recovery. One day at a time one foot in front of the other....
I try to find actual solution to the problem. Drinking won't make my job more bearable. Quite the opposite actually - it will bring down my mood cost me hard-earned money fuel anxiety and depression etc. Your plan sounds good. When I feel like that I make my surroundings nice and do something I enjoy: go to the beach or to the forest read a book. Or I do something to make life easier like declutter for a bit or prep food for the following days. Practising mindfulness helps as well.
Take the bath maybe pour your sweet drink in the wine glass and pretend. Sounds stupid but it helps.
I know baths are a trigger for me. I associate it too closely with a glass of wine. ..Is there something else you can do instead to relax? I started a mixed media art journal and it is by far the most therapeutic thing I've ever done. I know a lot of people like to go for walks...
