-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76khvv/i_havent_had_any_alcohol_cravings_is_this_normal/

I'm at not quite two weeks and haven't had any desire to drink at all. I see a lot of posts of people struggling at first and it has me a little worried. Am I in some kind of honeymoon phase or something that will come crashing down?
----------immediate responses--------

For me the 1st few weeks I was too scared to want to drink. Then suddenly life was kinda normal and every normal situation made me think about taking a drink. Around 40 days things got really tough. I don't know if before that I was in a pink cloud or what. I started hanging out in the IRC chat and reading books adding things that would help me stay sober. Hang in there and congrats on 12 days!
Same as gabby. Started last week after a pretty easy first month. 
I haven't had strong unrelenting physical cravings but once in a while I'll find myself glance at someone a table over with a glass of wine and think DAMN that would taste good right now! So more of an intense burst of craving easily squelched. But it makes me vigilant for those times when I may have that urge at a more vulnerable time.
I am almost at 3 weeks and have also had no craving or desire to drink. Given that this is my 1000th or so time quitting and I've always struggled before I'm counting it as a blessing. If I do get a craving or desire I'll deal with it but I would be very pleased if I have finally made that switch in my brain just realizing that all of the damage anxiety and illness just isn't worth it. There's no reward left for me in drinking and recognizing that in each moment feels like a huge relief to me. Best wishes to you. 
I had a bit of a craving yesterday so I had a non alcoholic beer and it was enough to satisfy my craving. I'd had two diet cokes and a lemonade by that pointed and needed something not sweet. 
For me I was never chemically dependent. I didn't drink every single day but when I did I couldn't stop. Towards the end I was drinking close to every day because I was sad and lonely after having moved to a new city and having no social life. I am totally emotionally dependent on alcohol. I never had physical cravings I couldn't shake but I'm still working through the emotional and social attachment. 
As someone else said below count it as a blessing...I didn't have any either really for the first two months or so.  One recent night (while sick) I had one come out of the blue like woah strong.  Passed after a couple of minutes.  Glad I'm not experiencing that on a regular basis. 
