-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76kzld/day_14_very_close_to_relapsing/

Hmmm...  I got a bit cocky over the last 2 weeks.  After the first four days things were seeming a bit too easy. Then about 4.00PM today the urge started kicking in. It was the urge to self-destruct.  To hide within a cocoon of alcohol. To sit watching shit on TV sipping beer and being free from thinking about anything. I was so so close to saying fuck it and buying a few litres of beer.  ..Its frustrating as I've been doing everything right - eating healthily exercising (I'd gone for a cycle and a swim before the severe craving came on).  But I got cocky.  I was so so fucking close to cracking.  ..I went to an AA meeting which helped somewhat although two people talking about God didn't help as I don't believe in God rather in Science and the Universe scares the shit of out me. Anyway now I'm eating chocolate drinking tea and am feeling reasonably sane.  Another day done...  ..*End of Rant*..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

good for you man sounds like you surfed it out. doing everything "right" is great but it doesn't mean you'll ever be free from urges - the salesman in your head! however i know what you mean and i've been in your shoes. i realize now for me that feeling/attitude is a big red flag on my road to staying sober. .chocolate sounds good... .iwndwyt.
Excellent!  Very proud of you.  
  
 Its frustrating as I've been doing everything right . You ARE doing things right it's just that sobriety doesn't just happen it evolves grows and changes. It's like a stock chart that goes up and down it doesn't follow a set pattern and you will have setbacks as well as successes they key is how deal with those setbacks...do you invest in yourself or destroy your hard work? Try to find what works for you in AA and ignore the rest no-one has the right answers we're all different. I don't believe in God and very much in Science just like you and I've been around a long time. Stick with it it gets better. Nothing wrong with chocolate in the meantime!
As a devote atheist. I've been having a hard time with the God part of AA. But they do say God "as I understand him". So for me I just think of God like Great Out Doors or Group Of Drunks. Fortunately the city I live in has many meetings including a Secular One (ironically meets in a church). Not sure if I will ever be able to fully understand the spiritual part of AA but the meetings have helped me through some rough cravings.
