-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76qnb0/the_husband_of_an_alcoholic/

"Alcoholic". A word I never really understood. I used to think it was just an urge to have something you really want like my favorite snack Cheez-its. Boy was I wrong. I usually drank with my wife and enjoyed it very much. Nothing like a refreshing beer in the summer or a nice bourbon at night or when going out. I got drunk and hungover many times myself. Most times by the end of the night I had enough. We would sit in bed reading and she would be falling asleep and then wake up and down the rest of her drink. I always wondered why when she's already half asleep. I'm not sure I'll ever understand because it's different for me. Her drinking rarely bothered me. Hell she was a fun drunk!  Some of our best times have been when we drank. It was unfortunate she couldn't seem to remember it the next day. We always said we would keep each other in check but it was really me making sure she didn't over do it. Once in a while I would stop her and she would thank me. Never did I understand what she was feeling when I did that. Several weeks ago she decided to quit. Ok I said. I'll stop too. She asked for my support and of course I said yes. After all what's the big deal? I didn't give it much thought. Most times I didn't think about it unless she said something or I was in the mood for a beer(like wanting my Cheez-it's). She talked about drinking a lot. The struggle the worry about the work week starting and getting thru it. Knowing she won't have a drink later. No relief nothing to help her escape get past her stresses and self reflection. WTF this doesn't side like me wanting my Cheez-its. I was in the mood for a drink once in a while but this was something totally different. That's when I started to realize what some of you are going thru. She got upset a few times because I wasn't being supportive. She was right. I have no idea what's going on in her head. I feel sad knowing how much she's struggling. I'm sure my support is very superficial. I try to be conscious of things but in the end you are all facing this alone most times. Just you and your demons. Everyone going thru this shit is a true hero. I wish I was as strong as my wife and all of you. I bought Cheez-its 2 weeks ago and ate the whole box! Boy some tough guy I am?
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe I can give a little insight. ..So I hear people ask "How hard is it to quit drinking/smoking/overeating/etc? How hard can it be to just NOT do something???? It's literally just do NOTHING."..For a non alcoholic one you decide to not drink for that occasion (say going out to dinner) you are done with thinking about it. Like for example if I was deciding whether to have a side salad with my entree the decision one way or another leaves my brain when I order. I don't spend the rest of the night thinking about the salad. ..Addictions are different. On bad days sometimes LITERALLY EVERY SECOND you are having to make that decision over and over and over and over. You constantly think about it. All the way to bedtime...That's why we give in a lot. It ends the fight even if it ends it in a 'loss'...
My husband used to compare it to how much he likes coffee. I appreciated he was trying to understand... but it is not the same AT ALL. Coffee doesn't consume him any more than cheese crackers consume you. Good on you for realizing it! 
She's lucky to have a spouse who is trying so hard to understand and be supportive. Funny you mention Cheez-its. They are addictive for me at least and I managed to cut down from a two box a week habit to none. But yes alcohol is different. If it wasn't so addictive I would have kicked the habit years ago along with the Cheez-its. My husband drinks like you in a take it or leave it sort of way. He doesn't seem to understand what I'm up to and that's okay. I'm hoping he'll notice the benefits and eventually support me on my sober journey. I will be not drinking with your wife today. :)
I'm the wife in this situation. I absolutely couldn't do it without the patient support from my husband. It's so nice so read about your desire to understand it doesn't make sense..addiction doesn't make any logical sense but it feels more than real. It's everything...but that will fade as she gets more sober days. Your support is everything. Thank you. 
Your wife is very lucky to have your support you may not always get it right but you are trying and that is exactly what she needs. Good luck to her and to you. I will not drink with your wife today.
I don't like to"Advertise" it but look into whether Kratom is available in your area. It helped me stop taking Painkillers &amp; alot of my friends who were Alcholics stop drinking. It has helped many people &amp; Ihope it helps you.
You might find Al-anon helpful...For people close to me I have offered to attend AA meetings with them.  Some accept.  Some decline...I have to be sensitive to their needs.  She may not want you in the meetings so she can unload some of her issues and guilt.
Beautifully said. She is VERY lucky to have you
Just look at all the people who binge on coffee and porn daily which - let's face it - are a large part of the population. Ask them to give those up and they can't do it. And those addictions are mostly willpower related alcohol is a more chemical thing. Once you abused it past a certain point then suddenly it seems to burrow down deep inside of you and never leave. 
Good support mate! It became a full time job: obsessing over when to start drinking hiding it planning it extending it. A drink wasn't enough. Three weren't enough. No amount was enough. The addiction seeks MORE. That's all: MORE. It stops getting you buzzed. You want that feeling. Drink more. It is a terrible cycle we get in and suffer through. My wife has been incredibly supportive of my efforts. I am very lucky. Being there and open to honestly talk is really incredible. This problem has one solution: abstinence from alcohol. It is hard but doable. She can do it!!!
Good on you for trying to understand. For the longest time my wife said  just have one or two and then stop!  ..Just recently she has started to realize that there is no off switch for me. It took her years to come to this realization. I'm so glad that you're coming to it earlier in her recovery. ..Wishing you both the best! IWNDWYT. 
That's why I found it important to find a group and not just depend on my GF. My GF is great and she's very supportive but she hasn't gone through it. When I go to my group and open up I know the people understand because they've been exactly where I've been...I sincerely suggest you help your wife find a group - AA or other - that can help her in ways that you just can't. 
Thank you. It's really nice to see things from a different perspective.   ..Personally my husband is a 'normal' drinker. There really is nothing he can do for me to stay sober. It's something I have to want for myself and do for myself.
thanks for writing that it was amazing
Thank you for your post.  It is so helpful to see that others might understand the obsession.
Thank you! This really moved me. I often semi-jokingly say that we are a band of brothers (and sisters) in arms here. It seems we also have a hired gun or two. I can't begin to tell you how much I appreciate that you have gotten this insight and how happy I am for your wife to have you. Dear sir you are pardon my French a gem.
I really enjoyed reading your post. It's interesting to hear from someone who is not an alcoholic but someone close to them is. And trying to understand it as best you can. .Thank you
wow part of this made me tear up. Bless you you're doing the best you can and that's all that matters. Just know there is only so much that you CAN do.
Long-term heavy use of alcohol really messes with your brain chemistry.  To put it simply the reward system in your brain gets altered to constantly crave the alcohol/drug; pretty much eliminating the rationality of the thinking process - especially how much you crave another drink once you take the first drink.
Hey man good on you for supporting her. It'll be tough on you at times. It'll likely be frustrating. She might get mad for no reason. You might be her enemy at times. Everyone goes through it differently...Don't think of yourself as not being tough. Tough is helping instead of walking away. You're being a kick ass husband. Keep it up :)
Wish my husband was as supportive as you are to your wife. This IS a challenging life change (but getting easier each day). If I told my husband I was tired of teetotalling he'd be the first one to hand me a beer. I'd say he tolerates my sobriety but that's a long way from being supportive. He'd never quit drinking for me.
Props to you for not drinking with her.  The support of making your home a dry one in solidarity with her probably means more than you will ever know.  My husband quit drinking in support of me too.  He's my hero for doing that.  
