-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76r7qt/losing_control_awful_relapse_into_old_ways/

I am struggling and I just want to talk about it. ..I have been extremely motivated to change my ways and have clawed my way out of a pit of hopelessness all on my own. I went from daily drinking to the point of blacking out over the summer coupled with binge eating and money spending issues. I lost 30 pounds stayed sober for 2 months and felt great. ..Then I decided I was not an alcoholic and had just been depressed but was better now. I decided to have a couple glasses of wine and a cheat meal. This has lead to days of drinking and a complete loss of control and going back to every bad habit I've ever had (including lying overspending flirting with coworker etc)..I scared the shit out of myself today as I took 4 tabs of hydrocodone to avoid drinking. I've never taken it before I just wanted to feel a buzz. Instead I ended up puking on myself and now I'm dizzy and anxious. ..I can't go to AA. My family doesn't know I have a problem and my husband would flip. ..I've tried therapy. They just want to put me on meds. I do not want to be medicated. I want to have better coping mechanisms and I want to be free from the anxiety and self hatred that makes me do these things...I don't know why I decided to take those pills this morning. That's the worst thing about it. I feel like I wasn't the one who decided. I feel like I can never trust myself. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey crumb....try to look on everything you've said as a learning curve.....if you've learned from it then it wasnt in vain. You know now not to try to medicate yourself....with booze or with meds....so you have gained valuable knowledge...I'm a serial relapser maybe 5 or 6 this year? But i try to leave them in the past where they belong carrying shame and guilt around with you just keeps you in a bad place....and then more likely to relapse...You've made some mistakes big deal what human being alive hasnt? If you can take some positives with you and incorporate them into your recovery. It cant be easy doing it with no support....you are doing a great job!! AND...you came back here to hold yourself accountable that shows strength and self awareness..Best of luck to you :)
I hope you feel better. Please take care of yourself. If you need medical care don't hesitate...You mentioned bad therapy experiences. Have you tried talking to a general practitioner? That would be a way to talk to someone without telling your family. ..Being sober for 2 months is awesome and it's something you can do again. 
&gt; I want to have better coping mechanisms and I want to be free from the anxiety and self hatred..Those are three of the biggest things I learned by going to SMART Recovery meetings. There can be a huge stigma and lots of shame admitting you need help but it's also incredibly empowering and heroic to *get* help. Some people can do it without outside help--you didn't drink for two months!--but I'm not one of them...Other than SMART SD has been my primary support system. Talking about things participating and seeing and trying all the tools folks use has been immensely helpful.
