-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76t10j/goodbye_sd/

it's been 203 days and i'm having a hard time remembering certain things mainly because almost every single sober day was spent getting shit done and not because i was blackout drunk. i'm not going to bore you with the list of accomplishments or before/after photos instead this is where i sign off. not just /r/stopdrinking you have all been a tremendous line of support for me and i sincerely thank you all but reddit in general along with all the other sites i have bookmarked in my browser that i've spent countless hours on.  ..to all the og's in this sub thank you for imparting your experiences and wisdom for those of us that barely had the strength to recognize our own problems to the point where we shakingly clicked on the link for this sub you ladies and gentlemen are second to none. ..to all the people that are starting on your new journey don't give up. time heals wounds but moves at its own pace and this is truly where you will realize what "patience is a virtue" means. i went through 6 different alt accounts and probably reset my badge at least 3 times on each one before i made it this far and it is tear jerkingly worth it. check in post a wall of text let it all out put all your demons and skeletons on the wall expose those deep dark pockets and corners of your mind with some light.  ..i know there's some people in here that rely on religion and prayer to get them through their addiction and there's absolutely nothing wrong with that but what had worked for me (for non religious of course) was realizing i am that higher power and if i relied on a separate entity to empower me and give me strength through secret conversations in my head i'd continue my powerless struggle to crawl out of the bottle and probably end up dead by 40. ..so that's it i'm signing off after today. i've got the touch. i've got the power and i wish all of you the best on your roads to recovery.
----------immediate responses--------

sounds like you're cured. 
Congratulations!  We'll keep the light on for you if you ever want to visit...Hope that power stays with you.
Congrats but just a thought from my experience. At various times I thought "I've got this I can have just one drink (happy occasion or whatever) and that will be it". Never worked for me. So please be careful in your new power.
Thank you. I think you just inspired my new mantra. "I am the higher power.."
Good luck and big bear hugs...Congratulations on your journey!
Some of the old timers stick around to help the newcomers.  They share their experience strength and hope. If it was all just newcomers shivering in the dark by themselves I don't think this sub would work. ..However do what's best for you! Cheers!
