-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/76vo2m/went_to_my_kinda_first_meeting_tonight/

Hi all. So let me take a moment to brag. I am one week clean*and*sober. Fuck yeah. ..  Annnnywhoozle... I have been to probably 3 or 4 Aa meetings in my life and one na meeting. Tonight for the first time I actually went to a meeting. As in I went to a meeting to start going to meetings and working a program. I'm coming off a nine month relapse with 10 extra pounds a ruined romance car crash and criminal charges to show for it. ..  This was a beginners meeting which was not an accident. I was given the preamble to read. When I introduced myself I said "Hi I'm anchordropped and I'm an alcoholic and addict". ..  Boy did I cause a stir! The rest of the meeting seemed like people indirectly telling me that nobody cares I'm an addict and i shouldn't talk about that at an Aa meeting. ..  Now I am new and I understand that this is the etiquette inside these rooms. I have no problem with that. But here's where I'm having trouble:  alcoholism and addiction are bundled together in my life. I feel like if I can't talk about both of them then I'm not really addressing the issues that brought me to the room in the first place. ..  I'm going to keep going back but this put a bad taste in my mouth. I just wanted to bitch about it a little bit. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

That seems wierd... I've only been to two meetings but both times it seemed like at least a third of the people introduced themselves as "alcoholic and drug addict" and no one said anything. Definitely made me feel more comfortable because like you I think they go hand in hand and it makes no sense to treat one without the other...Maybe you could try a few different meetings and gauge attitudes toward the issue. Again it seemed cool at the meetings I've been to but maybe that's because my city has a colossal heroin problem.
Yeah you are not the problem. Keep going and be a light for someone else who is also an addict or check out a different meeting. ..That certainly is not the vibe you need to be around unless it really doesn't deter you. ..I'm thankful for you and your sobriety! ..I will not drink with you today! 
Aaaaaargh! Such a pet peeve of mine. This is so inappropriate to say to anyone especially a newcomer. Ask any specialist and they'll tell you it's pretty much the same disease. I *always* identify as an addict and alcoholic in *every* AA meeting because that's the order in which I awakened. I knew I was an addict before I learned (the hard way) that meant by definition I was also an alcoholic. Those that don't like hearing that are just going to have to find other things on which to focus like perhaps their own sobriety...If you read Bill's story in the big book he describes being prescribed a sedative by a doctor and "next day found me drinking both gin and sedative. This combination soon landed me on the rocks." (pg 7) Or look at the story in the back of the book by Dr. Paul that everybody quotes: "And acceptance is the answer to *all* my problems today." In the fourth edition of the big book that quote is on page 417 and the title of the story is "Acceptance Was the Answer." In the third edition that sentence is on page 449 and that specific page is often referenced by old farts such as myself. Ask said old farts what is the title of the original story as it was published in the third edition. It is titled "Doctor Alcoholic Addict." I would submit that those who bluster that AA is not for addicts should perhaps peruse their own literature...You might look into other groups or meetings. Almost all of the younger members (and most of the older ones) I know have a long history of drug abuse and don't fixate on semantics.
Just keep coming back man. There are good meetings and people that stick around to meet new comers. There are shitty meetings where people only talk about bad things in their day. Just find a sponsor right away and meet new people. .Addiction comes in many kneiving forms. Alcohol and drugs are on the same playing field for me. Props to you for getting to a meeting. Stick with it and it will change your life.
That's too bad that it's so focused on one type of addiction.  I hope it didn't take the wind out of your sails because you should be very proud of your one week.  ..I definitely used other drugs while drinking and am just really lucky that I didn't get too hooked on them.  Stopping everything was a bit harder than I thought it would be and I feel fortunate that I didn't transfer my drinking habit over to my minor opiate habit.  ..I feel that it's so important to be able to talk about all addictions.  ..I will not drink (or use) with you today.
You still sound positive even though it sounds like they don't know their Big Book very well...So here's to say "GOOD ON YOU!!" you're doing it - the sobriety thing and that is awesome...Keep up the great work my friend:)
That is not very tolerant or accepting and please don't let those boneheads deter you...As others of us have said here each meeting seems to have its own personality and unfortunately downright unpleasant...Where I live there are literally a hundred (probably more) meetings a day. When I got here and checked the list I thought oboy! hog heaven. Turns out most of them are horrible and it's taken me 16 months but now I have two groups populated with earnest and openhearted people who couldn't care less how you self-identify. And between the two i am now able to attend meetings all seven days of the week...So don't let them get you down. That's their problem compartmentalizing addiction. They need to grow up. I'm not holding my breath though...You'll be fine. Just keep coming back. For me it finally sunk into my thick skull. I need a meeting a day.
This is not the case in my meetings.  But meetings vary widely..I liken meetings to car aficionados - there are those who will only use a "ford" part on a ford - and only one from the original year if possible...Others will allow other parts - so long as they fit...And then there are the ones who will chop the frame drop a chevy engine in with a hurst tranny - and laugh a lot...When I came in there were a few meetings populated by "pure alcoholics" who had never touched a drug.  They were as you describe - but today I would guess that 95% of people in AA have at least a passing acquaintance with drugs - still it is not good form to share for 5 minutes about a coke run
