-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7767lz/question_regarding_obsessing_about_recovery/

I'm 80 days in (yeah!) and while I have some days of cravings (not many thankfully) I have a "bigger" issue it seems.  I constantly think about recovery.  I think about how grateful I am.  I do reality checks - will I really be OK not drinking again.  I think about how good things are.  I think about how long will I feel good.  I think about what if I relapse.  Etc...I find the thoughts intrusive and I wonder if this is what contributes to the fatigue of post-acute alcohol withdrawal syndrome...I'm trying meditation which helps.  I wonder if anyone else has had this issue and what they have tried to help deal with this...Thanks!  I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

After a certain point I think it's good to "take a break" from active recovery. In the sense that here and there try to not dwell on the past or go to meetings stay off SD etc..I've met a few people that really just make recovery their new addiction and honestly I find it creepy and unsettling...I got sober to live my life not just be chained to a different issue
I constantly obsess over self-improvement wondering what is wrong with me and trying to figure out what it is. I'll also obsess about relationships. When I first was in AA I made a bit of an "identity" or new persona out of being in AA and needing help being a flawed individual etc...I have been told by a therapist that what is needed when I'm obsessing/ruminating in this way is to relabel the thoughts. So for example if I am constantly trying to figure out what flaws are in me to first recognize that I am doing this and then relabel those thoughts by saying "Ah! This is my obsessional anxiety..."..So the thought goes from "I need to figure out what's wrong with me and fix it" to "Ah there is the obsessional anxiety doing it's thing again." Then the next step is to focus on something (anything else) for five minutes. Meditation helps me too it just gets my brain off that track and onto a different one...Anyway I am not sure if you can relate to what I just said but I thought I'd type it out in case you find it insightful...I will not drink with you today!
This is such an interesting one - yes - I totally get this. I'm diagnosed with bi polar all of my issues/problems I've had been diagnosed with are related/interrelated. Around 7 years ago I stepped away from a lot of the usual  go to' help as I felt it was adding to my problems making my problems my identity rather than unpicking the real causes and symptoms and actually just living as  ME' - I'm so much better now and I know all of this is personal you should always take the support you need BUT yeah balance and remembering all of the other stuff that's going on is essential - just living being you and remembering you are not just these problems I think it's part of starting to trust yourself too. Trusting myself is what I've been working on this year. 
I found for me I had such strong patterns and habits I *needed* to keep recovery in the fore front of my mind in the beginning because if I didn't alcohol would weasel back in!..It started to diminish and by six months it wasn't so prominent.  After little while longer a miracle occurred for me.  I stopped even thinking about drinking.  Now recovery thoughts are at scheduled times.  Morning and evening.  It's more gratitude acknowledgement and daily disciplines.  ..I dint "think" about "recovery" now.  Just living life Unimpaired!
The paradox of not drinking: it happens now not the past or the future. I can control neither. I can control now. I won't drink now. If that is my consistent state I will be sober and not worry about the future or the past...Good luck friend.
I've had obsessive thoughts about A LOT of things over the years - I find they've diminished a lot since I stopped drinking this time...  ..If you google "coping with obsessive thoughts" you'll find a bunch of stuff. Mindfulness meditation helps as you say (I wish I could do this every day) exercise talking to someone reading a book basically anything that can distract you from thinking obsessively... ..I'm on Prozac for depression and find that it has reduced my tendency to indulge in OCD thoughts also. 
Just chiming in! Repetitive thoughts/intrusive thoughts are normal during recovery my friend! They will pass the more you stick with abstinence. You should notice a trend that each week gets better not by a lot but by a little bit. Look up what PAWS is PAWS episodes last for like two-three days then go away then they come back whenever something triggers it. I went to a psychologist and she told me that's what it was. Exercise. Exercise every single damn day. Do something. Walk for 15 minutes. Exercise is the key to recovery. It promotes healing within the brain. You've got this!! 
