-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/777kax/coming_around_to_aa/

In the year before I got sober   a period in which I gradually realized I needed to stop drinking   one of the principal roadblocks to my sobriety was AA. I didn't think of myself as an alcoholic. I didn't like the idea of attending meetings. And as an agnostic I was deeply uncomfortable with AA's talk about God and a higher power...In fact my trepidation about AA probably kept me from quitting earlier than I did...Fast forward to now: I'm four-months sober and a regular attendant at AA meetings. I haven't found God or even a sponsor. But I do get far more out of the meetings than I ever could have expected. They've kept me grounded and centered and humbled. And they're even good fun...The first thing to understand about AA is that no two meetings are the same. They follow a structure sure. But the meetings are essentially anarchic: There are no leaders presidents chapter heads or other officials who hold court and issue pronouncements to the followers. AA isn't like a church service in other words. It's just a random collection of people who have one thing in common: They struggle with alcohol...People in AA run the gamut from teenagers crippled with anxiety to septuagenarians who got sober during the Carter administration to homeless middle-aged men to young well-dressed professionals. Everyone counts the same. Nobody's experience trumps anyone else's. Everyone's story gets heard. ..Do you need to believe in God to go to AA? Not at all. The only requirement is a desire to be sober. I didn't make that up: That's actually an official guideline. You can participate as much or as little as you wish. If you just want to sit and listen   something I do often   no one will bother you...Why does AA help? Because   let's face it   people who aren't addicts won't understand you. They'll sympathize but they won't understand. Only other addicts understand that you can't just have one every now and then. Only other addicts understand that your use and abuse of alcohol drove you to despair. AA if nothing else is full of people who have been through what you've been through...I know some alcoholics for whom AA is the center of their lives   they attend meetings all the time and socialize with other members. This isn't me: I go to the odd meeting chat politely and then head home. Nobody has ever once cajoled me into doing more than I'm willing to...My addiction is larger than me. It's something I was never able to manage until I decided to squash it completely. For me a higher power isn't a bearded man in the sky: It's a force in my life that overcame my rational attempts to control it. When I pray in AA that's what I think about. Others of course do what works for them...AA isn't a cult. It isn't exploitative. It doesn't recruit run pledge drives or attempt to expand its ranks. It's there for those of us who need it and for that I'm grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree with your stance. I got a decent bit out of AA during my time there as an agnostic...I did run into a few religious problems at mine though. The last meeting topic was something like "How does God keep *you* sober?" And I had to fight from laughing..I guess where I run into the trouble is some of the people you described the ones that make AA their life. I don't want to make recovery just another addiction and I ran into a LOT of those people at AA.
Sounds like we're in the same situation. I have started going to a few meetings here and there although I have been sober for almost a year. My town has all kinds of "flavors" of AA. We have LGBT we have atheist/agnostic meditation-based...etc. Although I have not completely given myself to the program (gotten a sponsor started the steps) it is really nice to be there in a room full of people who know exactly what the struggle is like. You're all in the same boat and that is very comforting to know. It is also good to hear stories from people who have let their guard down and fallen hard off of the wagon. We always have to be vigilant no matter how long ago our last drink was...
I agree. I used to go years ago. I don't go now and don't feel the need to but I can't discount all that I did get out of those meetings. 
I share all the reservations and caveats. Nonetheless I still have a home group and still attend regular meetings - probably 3 a week. Of course it helps me but another reason  is to help newcomers who share the same doubts to get on the saddle.
Awesome!
Well said!
