-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77eez8/need_some_encouragement_for_my_first_aa_meeting/

All I could really use some cheering on today.  Life has been exceptionally rough for me in the last few weeks and I have been struggling deeply with depression and mental health issues.  For the first time in almost two years I have been seriously considering drinking to drown these feelings out...I need support and so I want to go to my first ever AA meeting today at 11.  But it is so intimidating (in addition to the depression I have pretty serious social anxiety problems).  Can I shamelessly ask you folks at /r/stopdrinking for a little encouragement?  I desperately just want to stay in bed but I know that will not help me.  Any stories words of wisdom or support you can share would be so appreciated &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

I went to my first meeting last week. I was scared to go too but it turned out great...I just sat and listened and didn't share which was perfectly ok. It was good to hear the other people's stories it helps you feel not so alone...I have depression and social anxiety too so I know how you feel but I'm glad I went to that meeting I'm going to another today.
YAY!!! I'm so excited that you're going to your first meeting! All I can say is that it's one of the most welcoming warmest places I've ever been to. These are people that "get it". They've been there or they are there now. ..Here's a link that will give you some insight as to what happens at a meeting: .https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_what_happens_at_a_.5Bwhatever_recovery_group.5D_meeting.3F...Now I hope you get out of bed take a nice hot shower grab a coffee and go get 'em! ;) Please keep us posted! &lt;3
I understand how tough it can be after a long time of sobriety to suddenly get faced with temptation.  I think you're making a great call.  I was scared as hell to even post here and that turned out pretty good ;-).  I can't think of a single person whose story was that they were judged or looked at poorly.  Some people just didn't like it and that's cool too.  There's really no downside.  I know it's intimidating but like I remind myself in these situations -- no one can make me talk if I don't want to.
Go for it! I think you will find that it is a very warm welcoming place. Please don't be afraid to introduce yourself to people. Remember that everyone there had a first meeting too so if you tell people it's your first meeting they will be really nice and friendly to you. 
My experience of the handful of meetings I've attended is that:..* It's a little but culty but not in any kind of bad or dangerous way. They wan't nothing more than your 2 bucks for coffee and sober fellowship. I just ignore the culty elements..* People are very nice and deeply honest..* You are in a safe place..* Hearing everyone's stories has always been if nothing else enough for me to go "well after hearing all that I'm sure as hell not drinking today!"..So if that's what you need to get through today go! It will get you through today and you'll be better for going. If you don't like the potential God talk or the little rituals no problem don't pay them too much mind. Just go to hear stories and be around sober people who understand your struggle.
Encouragement in a different way. ..AA doesn't require any long term commitment or anything. You can leave at anytime. You can try it and not come back. You can walk out 5 minutes in if necessary. ..You won't be judged for it. 
I am here   
Been to 2 meetings last week.  Was soooooo nervous. But it was grand. Ppl were lovely.   Give it a try. Good luck.  
Thanks all.  I went and it helped - I still feel super depressed but it helped me recommit to not drinking with all of you today  &lt;3
You don't have to share.  It's not fashion show.  You can do it.  What other people think of you is none of your business as they say.  There is no judgement at an AA meeting.  Truly the only requirement is the desire to stop drinking.  Give it a go you'll be amazed before your halfway through. 
