-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77nurb/three_years_of_sobriety/

Tuesday marked three years of continuous sobriety for me...There were two years where I could not get an honest 60 days. I kept trying relapsing justifying "just one drink" going back to AA and SD with my tail between my legs again and again. Sixty days seemed like it was impossible...Then I started to take some more action. I got a sponsor in AA. I started hanging out on the stopdrinking IRC and getting advice there. I went to a ton of meetings and read r/stopdrinking every day multiple times a day...The first few months were hard full of anxiety loneliness and fear. But as time wore on those feelings faded along with the cravings...My life has gotten far far better. And just when I think things are starting to level out good stuff keeps on happening. ..I've recently found out that I am going to become a father to my wife's child next year. Three years ago this would've been a disaster - I couldn't take care of myself let alone an infant. Now it's a source of excitement (and yes anxiety but mostly excitement). ..I have signed seemingly a million documents and am  now buying my first house. Three years and change ago I was about to be kicked out of my apartment for nonpayment of rent and I had absolutely no money to get another one. Buying a house seemed like it was just not in the cards for me but now that has all changed...I have developed hobbies and interests and actually get to pursue them instead of wishing I was while holding a bottle. With the baby some of the more dangerous/expensive ones are going on the back burner for a few years (auto racing I'm looking at you) but I'm continuing to enjoy others while we wait for the baby to arrive...I am honestly a bit overwhelmed with everything that is going on right now but it's all positive stress. My life today would be totally unrecognizable to the man who dragged himself into an AA meeting after yet another seemingly-inevitable relapse on October 18 2014 full of confusion shame and self-pity. ..I owe it all to all the people who've helped me along the way - here in AA on #stopdrinking and of course my wife...**If you're here and you're struggling this time can be the last time even if you've had a dozen day ones before. I didn't know it then but that was what I hope to be my last first day. The only thing I did right was to keep trying.** ..There's happiness to be found in sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on all these wonderful things 3 years of sobriety included :) 
**High^Five for three years /u/son_of_dry_cycle!**..Thank you for sharing this anniversary with us.  .It gives hope to others.             .You are proof that recovery is possible.   
Well done mate! Amazing work by an amazing person. 
Hell yeah man congratulations!  It's been great to watch The Promises come true for you.  I've enjoyed hearing about your hobbies over the last couple years too from the car racing to the bass.  That type of stuff encourages me to stay sober so i can also enjoy life and not just exist.  Keep it up man!.
Ahh I love this!! Congrats dry so happy for you. 
Inspirational :D congrats!
 There's happiness to be found in sobriety ..Awesome:)
Congratulations! Inspirational! I won't be drinking with you today!
Congrats on 3 years! Your posts here and for being in the IRC channel shows people that living sober isn't just some dream it's real. Thanks for being here. 
Way. To. Go...I'm happy for you.
Your words have been my personal highlight of the day. So much happiness oozing out of this post it makes me feel warm and giddy. Enjoy all that happiness. Great work. 
Congratulations! 
Oct 18th is my first ever sobriety date thanks for sharing. Its kinda like hey maybe i can be there in 3 years. 
Congrats!
Congratulations for so many wonderful things!  
HOW DID I MISS THIS!!!! Vroom Vroom party starta!!!!  ..You're a hell of a guy DC. We're lucky to have you on SD and in IRC thank you for putting up with our craziness :) ..;addpoint 
Congrats
Becoming parents is one of the most fun/wonderful things that has ever happened to us...Becoming sober parents has been one of the best gifts we have yet to give our children...Congrats and hugs and cheers to you friend.  Thanks for the encouragement!
Great work! I will not drink with you today:)
Congratulations dry! You're an inspiration and a great person and you wholly deserve all the amazing changes you've earned for yourself.
Fantastic amazing - this is why I keep coming back to SD. Going through episodes of anxiety at the moment (although today is a good day) and it really helps to see that for you it got better. So so happy for you and proud not to drink with you today :-)
October 2014 was a good month for getting sober for me too!! Keep it up! 
So happy for you!
Way to go Dry_Cycle! Three years is incredible. Sure you will get back to auto-racing soon!
"The only thing I did right was to keep trying."..So much truth in this statement. Congrats on the three years and on all of the accomplishments. 
