-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77q9fj/strategies_to_not_relapse_this_time/

I'm a serial relapser and I have quit many times over the past few years - though never for long. This time I want it to work forever. I have hired a cleaning lady to help me clean my house (I have 4 kids one with disabilities and I work full time). I will be able to afford her only by not spending the money on booze anymore - this way I get a reward for not drinking (i.e. a clean house and more time for the kids) and I also HAVE TO stop drinking in order to be able to pay for it. ..However since I have attempted this many times before I know that while the first and even second day might be fine I rarely ever manage to stay sober day 3. Do you have any tips how to stay sober during those early days? I know it gets much easier after a month or so but I've only ever gotten that far twice. 
----------immediate responses--------

The best advice for early sobriety is to treat your mind like a bad neighborhood. Don't go there alone and if you have to go keep your windows up and doors locked! ..Seriously though realizing that I was my own worst enemy and that just taking some time to get to a new normal was the best thing I could do for myself...And ice cream lots of ice cream 
[removed]
I did everything I could to get well. This meant a therapist rehab outpatient and involvement in AA. Working the steps with a sponsor was life changing. I could not stay sober without a support system. After a month or so it may be a bit easier but that is still very early sobriety. My two children one who has autism motivated me to stop drinking and get well. 
Today in the evening - about that time when the cravings normally set in - I went for a long and tough run. I haven't run that far and fast in years I was just so angry with myself for everything and that really kept me going. At some point at started to feel nauseous and I just kept telling myself that I feel nauseous almost every day from my drinking and that doesn't stop me so why should it now? Then I started feeling various pains and I kept reminding myself that I drink every day in spite of pains so why should it stop me from running further? When I got home I drank water like I just crossed the desert. Then I took a long shower and ended up too exhausted to even think about drinking. I still have an unopened box of wine in the house. In the morning my first priority will be to find the receipt and quickly return it to the store before I get other ideas. 
