-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77vnhs/reporting_to_you_from_the_wrong_end_of_relapse/

And yes alcohol still tastes like shit and still feels like shit. And no it didn't douse my anxiety or kill the edge or put me in a fluid and relaxed mood and no it didn't make me take it easy about a welter of personal and practical issues that have kept me up at night when I was sober. It didn't make food taste better or sex seem better. It didn't make me more resourceful or creative or sociable. It didn't make me write more fluently or think act more deftly or achieve anything at all. This is the nth relapse this year after a week of sobriety checked by intervals of boredom and occasional restlessness and I've achieved nothing and dealt with zero problems. I've embarked on this relapse while nursing the illusion that it'll be just a few drinks and that I'll rationalize myself out of it to handle the things that led me to drink in the first place but here I am. Here I fucking am. My throat is dry my head in pain and my eyelids feel inconceivably heavy. Waking up tomorrow won't be any less trying either...I am old enough to know better and to have learned better but it's not working for me. It doesn't matter what I do or where I go next in life because I'm repeating the same mistake; the most sinister and destructive mistake. It doesn't matter that I'm a functional drunk and made sure everything's in order at home and for work in the morning when I still have a bottle 40% of which is poison sitting next to bed. Alcohol is destroying my mind and body faster than I can make any sense of it...It didn't help with restlessness or loneliness and I am fucking disgusted with every cell in my body and I can helplessly see everything that's wrong with horrible clarity. I want to end this.
----------immediate responses--------

...and you will. i went through this cycle more times than i care to remember or count. i would wake in the morning suffering screaming on the inside "LET ME THE F OUT OF THIS MADNESS"...the result is in the want and desire and you have it. it is not giving up because one day it will be the last day the end and the beginning and you will KNOW it - not in an instant no not like that... but you will know... and you will be so bloody thankful that you gave it just one more go. ..iwndwyt.
Same boat different paddles. .Stick it out man. Find that one thing that's worth doing and obsess over it..Get addicted to something else. Maybe not the best advice but if it's better than drinking it's better? 
Thanks for your post. You write well. ..That's the thing about alcohol. It used to work so well at quelling my anxiety or taking off the edge. Then it stopped working. My automatic response was to consume more chasing that effect...Your post highlights why relapses are so dangerous for me. A drink simply doesn't contain the magic it once did. But I still have that old muscle memory. One will lead to an untold amount for an undetermined amount of time. Then my body will turn on me and I'll be left worse off than when I began. ...
I ended the insanity disgust and loneliness by getting a therapist who specialized in addiction. No matter how hard I tried staying sober on my own was impossible. Having a therapist to talk with and who nudged me onto the road to recovery was one of my best decisions. Since I was worried about alcohol withdrawal a doctor prescribed medicine so my detox would be safe and easier. ..I was fortunate to have the opportunity to go to rehab followed by outpatient treatment and involvement in AA. These resources gave me the necessary tools needed to build the sober happy life I have today. ..&gt; Nothing changes; .&gt; .&gt; If nothing changes. ..I am curious what you are going to do differently this time and hope you find the support needed to get well. 
Don't know if this makes any difference to you but reading your post convinced me to not drink tonight though I was heavily favoring doing so. So thank you for the very well written and thought provoking post
Thank you for this. I've involuntarily had a few  just one...  triggers recently even though I have no conscious desire to go back. Thank you for sharing your experience I'm sure it'd be the same for me too.
&gt; Alcohol is destroying my mind and body faster than I can make any sense of it...Amen brother.
I hope you feel better soon and get back on track. Please don't give up
Go easy on yourself and get back up and dont give up dont ever give up. I wont drink with you tonight.
I have been where you are so many more times than I care to remember.  Intensive outpatient rehab and finally deciding that I deserved better than what I was giving myself made all the difference in my life.  If you can find that fight in you it's there I know it is you can get there too.  YOU CAN and YOU WILL.  You are so worth it!!  You have a beautiful gift with words and clarity.  You changed a life tonight with your story see the post from tylerdurwin below.  You're in my prayers and I won't drink with you tonight.
I can also relate. This is why I finally put the bottle down. I would thrash around in my bed all day after days of hard drinking. My nerves felt like they were being electrocuted. My brain was lopsided. I wanted to rip off my skin. I knew nothing would help except the time passing. All that miserable hungover time that needed to pass. I have had so many days like that - sheer pain nerves shot and consumed by unfathomable remorse. And like so many of you while I lay miserably ill in bed or on my couch I'd swear for the BILLIONTH time that I wouldn't drink again only to recover in a few days and find myself stuck in the hamster wheel of drunkenness all over again. Only this time that wheel was a lot tougher and I came out of it more bruised and far more ashamed. It's funny this evening I was reminiscing about booze as I am only 16 days sober and this post along with the responses reminded me exactly why I cannot fucking drink and why I hate it when I do. So thank you to the original poster and to all who replied.   
My heart goes out to you. You are worthy of a good life and a peaceful mind. Do whatever it takes and come back here to tell us how you did it. The last time I drank i was SO CONFLICTED that I felt awful when I drank and utterly terrible and anxious the day after. What's your plan? 
Powerful post I can feel your frustration and disgust. Although I'm sorry you are in so much pain I am grateful for the reminder of why I am not drinking. I don't want to go back to the sick self torture that is functional alcoholism.
Extremely powerful post. Thank you for your honesty and for reporting to those of us who may be ever so slightly tempted. A strong and well-written reminder as to why we cannot take that drink. Good luck to you- you have the desire to make a change and when you're ready you will know it and do it. 
Thankyou for your honesty. I was hovering around the wine isle yesterday. Telling myself its Saturday and everyone has a drink on Saturday. All the little demons were there telling me have a drink .one wont hurt .thankfully i didn't. But it's reminded me to not to take my new sober life for granted .your post has restored my will to not drink .nothing good comes from drinking .and here i am on a sunday morning up at 6.30 am .fresh from a good nights sleep and a clear head .good luck with your journey. And next time you want a drink read your post im sure it will help you to not drink  it has me and many others .x
Powerful and moving . I hope we can all conquer our demons 
Hey I think it's time you came back to us we are all here waiting you are not alone you probably know this but in the Saturday shares and Sunday solutions are lots of tips and advice given we are all similar in some ways you may find what you are looking for in those posts. The restlessness and loneliness is a common thread for many of us... but guess what you don't have to be lonely cos there are 83000 of us here exactly like you  And me of course....x
For me one of the the biggest barriers I had to change was a feeling of hopelessness that things would never improve. I believed that life without alcohol was ultimately boring in comparison to sobriety...I've had to work a lot on those beliefs. They're bullshit obviously. But I think maybe the main thing for me has been realising *how much* I need to work on them. My brain is so deeply wired to behave in a destructive way that it requires constant vigilance on my part to behave well and be kind towards myself...When I take alcohol out of the equation my life isn't suddenly easy. Life was fucking hard being drunk all the time and it's still fucking hard now. The main difference though is now I don't feel like I'm giving up. Drinking always felt like I was giving up on life. Like I just didn't care anymore -- didn't care if I died young or whatever...Me choosing to be sober though is me saying that there is something worth fighting for. I can feel proud of myself. I can behave better. I can be a better friend. I can achieve some of my more challenging goals...Sobriety means giving me a chance to live longer and be able to look back on my life and feel like I didn't completely waste this precious time I have on earth.
