-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/77xnhe/over_a_year_and_a_half_ago_i_almost_died_and_then/

 I was about 4 months sober by the time I started running for the first time. I wore these cheapo leggings I got from Groupon some old Payless sneakers that were from 2009 (when I went to Egypt) and one of the old tank tops I had stockpiled from Charlotte Russe. I was super uncomfortable and like my mom liked to reminisce had opted out of gym class by writing weekly essays so I literally had to google "where do your arms go when you run."  ..It was *the worst* experience. I couldn't stop sweating my legs hurt I wheezed and had to grab my inhaler when I was back I thought it was the most garbage idea I've ever had (and I used to drink Listerine in college). ..But I was constantly crying constantly upset constantly uncomfortable and I leaned and leaned and leaned on everyone around me and EVEN THEN couldn't manage after four months. I thought that as long as I wasn't drinking I was doing everything right. ..I like to read so I read sobriety memoirs to figure out what I was doing wrong to figure out what OTHER people did to put words to how I was feeling. So many of them overlapped with running too. So I thought sure why not? I'm sober now I can try anything once...And it was miserable. Literally miserable. And uncomfortable and hot and I had all the wrong clothes. Bit by bit foot in front of foot I had to figure out how to get past a block and then a mile and then another mile without puking on myself. I didn't stop the crying either - if anything it got WORSE. I cried at the thought of going running I cried during the run I cried as I wheezed after. I felt fucking useless. ..Slowly everything became more manageable. If I was going further with one foot in front of the other I could cut down on my debt one dollar at a time. I could accomplish things at work one task at a time. I could decide that I would put on bedsheets that day and worry about the pillowcases the next and that would be okay. ..It gave me a tangible metric to count each day of my recovery until the scale went from days to weeks to months and then miraculously to years. ..I am not fast or strong or smart but I have always just done without thinking. Of all the sadness and damage that trait has brought me it has brought me *this* too. So I'm okay with that. ..Tl:dr - [Having feels the night before the race.](https://imgur.com/gallery/kdlhP)
----------immediate responses--------

I am thrilled for you. Have a great run and let us know how it goes!
Congrats! Have a great race! 
AWESOME! Congrats on such incredible progress. Best of luck with the race tomorrow!..&gt;"where do your arms go when you run." .This is so sweet haha. 
Congrats on making it to the starting line and enjoy your race day!!! A marathon is a huge undertaking! :) - fellow runner 
Have a great race! I am so impressed and inspired by you. 
Good luck on your race. It's 90% mental!  You can do it and have fun!!!
As someone who started walking when my h.s. volleyball coach yelled "Run faster! Don't let Miiiiinx beat you!!!" this story is inspiring af (which is something I rarely say about people on the internet.) Thank you for sharing this with us. I'm proud to not be drinking with you today!!
this is wonderful and inspiring!!!!
This is great to hear. I am two weeks into walking with tiny intervals of running and am just starting to not have massive shin pain. I will not drink with you and maybe someday my 230 Lbs ass might even run with you 
I started running in sobriety in 2011 when i had three years sober and ran a marathon in 2014. I have accomplished so much shit while being sober that I never thought possible running being one of them. I even got sober again In 2016 after going back out for a month. I needed to see your post. Kick ass in your race!.
I just watched my sister run the Detroit Marathon last weekend and started to feel motivated. Now I've seen this post and I'm even more motivated now. Thanks for your post.
You are absolutely amazing! Thank you for posting this!!!
That's awesome! Good luck tomorrow    
Amazing and inspiring 
Thank you for the reminder to be patient with myself and to keep going. This is a great story. :-) Peace and love.
Best of luck to you with the race!  I gotta say the misery part doesn't make me want to run much.  I mostly stick to hiking in the woods.  Have a blast!
I wish I didnt have stupid plantar fasciitis  running is one of my favorite things ever.
I appreciate your post and your honesty. I should be working harder on pushing myself to maintain healthy habits and pushing through the discomfort. 
I love this story. Brave girl. 
Yes!!!!!! This is the stuff that gets me so pumped! I always find it fascinating how many addicts ditch their drug:drink of choice for endurance sports. Myself included. One day at a time...one step at a time. Great job. Good luck!
So pumped for you that is stellar. I really enjoyed your story. I'm on day 144 and I just felt utterly defeated today. And then you sprinkled hope.  Thank you I will not drink with you today. 
What an amazing achievement you should be so incredibly proud of yourself to have made it this far. ..You've done all the hard work - go out there and enjoy every single km (or mile?) of the race - you've earned it.
Congratulations! I'm totally with you   a little over a year ago I was miserable wondering if I would ever get back to the gym and hoping I could stay sober for the long run. Fast forward to now   in three weeks I'm headed to Nepal to literally climb a mountain and I just registered to run my first marathon. Both of which seem easier than drinking/quitting drinking... Wishing you a fantastic 26 miles!
You are literally living my dream right now. I'm 4months in my training and I'm hoping to finish a marathon next year...You will kill it good luck! 
I'm so proud and happy for you!  Something I read before I did a marathon this year for the first time "you don't *have to* run x miles today. You *get* to. It's not a punishment it's a reward. So get out there and put those miles behind you!" have a wonderful day tomorrow:)
Such a humble inspiring post. You sound amazing. Such strength and courage. Well done. Today I join you in being sober and happy 
Good luck with the marathon and thanks for sharing the story :).
Thanks for sharing.  I'm struggling with weight training kinda the same. You are a great writer and I wish you well.
I loved my first marathon! Hope you have a blast. I started running before I quit drinking but it has always kept me sane. ..I am on a running hiatus due to a niggling injury from a recent half marathon and maaaan I am grumpier than normal...You rock! 
Your post is so inspiring please do report back and let us know how your marathon goes!
Beautiful story just what I needed this morning.
I wish you the best of luck today! Update us late huh?
You go Queen Badass.   Proud of you.
You are a fantastic person! 
This is amazing! I'm cutting down to only drinking socially and trying to run. Been a month and I still can't even run for more than a minute. A marathon seems impossible and the road to sobriety as well. Your an inspiration and it helps to see that it can be done. 
This is by far the most amazing and beautiful post that I've had the pleasure of reading here. Congrats!! And good luck!!           ..You're a bad ass!!
I'm so excited for you!! I ran my first marathon in 2010 and have been addicted ever since! I was supposed to run my 9th marathon in a couple of weeks but had to stop running altogether due to pain that the drs are trying to get under control. Instead I am going to be the loudest cheerleader for my friend who has continued training solo. .Please let us know how it went!! Congratulations on such an amazing accomplishment!! Proud of you!
I found this so inspiring.  Thanks so much. 
Have fun and good luck!! 
26.2 on 572! Let us know how it went!
Oh fuck yeah! Congratulations and good luck!!!!
Typing through tears!!  Happy tears for YOU! &lt;3  You are a promise you are a possibility!!  Your honesty is inspiring and thrilling!  I loved you bit about making the bed.  Such a simple idea yet a powerful picture of the sober life.  Wishing you all the best today and all the blessings you can stand and then some!
Congratulations! 
Amazing simply amazing! Your post brough a big smile to my face and a happy tear to my eye.  So proud of you!..Oh and this:.&gt;so I literally had to google "where do your arms go when you run." ..LOL - and now you are running marathon!s  WOW :)
That's awesome. I'm running my first 5k since before I started drinking next month! Just a fun run... but it means a lot to me. Running has really helped me with my mental state and other things. I've always liked it though. It's amazing to me you kept it up. We're proud of you! Good luck!
Write a sobriety memoir of your own! I would read it!
Way to go! I ran my first marathon last year remember to start out SLooooow. It really easy to get swept up in the excitement of race-day and the crowd. ..Post again once you have finished! 
That's great! And so recognisable. I went for a run this morning and it was terrible....but now I feel so good though. I still have a few months until the marathon here I need that time...Good luck tomorrow!
Thanks so much for posting! Cheering you on in your marathon!!
Inspiration :) I feel like shit today but damn I'm going for a run later
You are an inspiration! I very reluctantly started running about 5/6 years ago and hated it but something in me made me come back for more every day. Funny how that works I guess we are all a lot stronger than we think. Slowly it got easier and I began to feel a sense of pride and accomplishment after each run. It's been a great tool in getting/trying to stay sober. .Have a great run! This is a huge accomplishment!!!!
Great job good luck!
yeah dude!!!!! my first 26.2 is next month!
great story ! I've only ever ran an official 10k run. Even though the training sucked the actual payoff of the race day made it all worthwhile . Congrats and IWNDWYT
Thank you for posting it is a very encouraging read and something I needed right now...I am dealing yet again with aftermath of relapse not only that my mental health over the last week dipped to a level that honestly scares the crap out of me...I'm not sure how I've made it out on the other side to be honest. I wasn't suicidal per se but I definitely didn't want to exist anymore. Miserable haunted and so despondent. All of the things in my life that I hate combined into a gigantic ball and nearly crushed me so it seemed...I have so much to work on to fix that instead of looking for the incremental progresses I let the entirety of it just obliterate me. I felt soulless...Going on about 4 years ago now I had a brief period of good change in my life and had started running. I miss that so much and have tried to start back on it within the past 6 months or so I'll make it maybe 3-7 days and then just collapse again out of stress/anxiety instead of pushing on...I hope to be running my first marathon at a year and a half from now.
