-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7816vb/thoughts_on_20_days/

Longest stretch in the past decade. Just some observations:..1. Sugar cravings are REAL. I am trying not to be too hard on myself at the moment but I will sit and binge watch Netflix with a bag of sour patch popcorn and chocolate covered pretzels and it keeps me sane...2. Isolation. This is a big one. I have been staying home more often than not to avoid temptation. I did successfully chill with friends for a few hours while they drank wine and I drank tea. The loneliness gets to me and I still fear losing the little social life I have going. I still love my friends that drink...3. Money! $$ Going out to eat plus 4-5 drinks is not me living within my means but I'd do it anyways. Now I feel happier with more money in my pocket to DO things like visit a museum go camping take a class etc. Drinking is an expensive habit as we all know. ..4. Depression and anxiety. It's still there in full force. Getting out of bed is still a struggle. Not coping with drinking means feeling everything in real time good or bad. ..Overall I'm by no means sitting on a pink cloud but the alcohol cravings are not there and that's HUGE. My perception on drinking is that it's no longer necessary in my life. ..How were/are you feeling in your first month of sobriety?..I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

20 Days is HUGE! I felt a lot of the same ways but by 40 days or so I was talking myself into going back. Keep going! It does get worse but it does get better! I kept reaching out and kept talking and sharing with others about what was going on. It helped me for sure. Be careful of that brain! Mine was trying to kill me. Congrats on day 20!
"Depression and anxiety. It's still there in full force. Getting out of bed is still a struggle. Not coping with drinking means feeling everything in real time good or bad."..This is so true but eventually it will get easier for us. I'm not far ahead of you and I feel like I've now reached a point where I'm confident that I won't drink again but only if I stay aware and stay accountable. I tell myself that cockiness not pride comes before a fall( off the wagon)!..I keep reminding myself that my body and brain are going through a major healing process. Although I didn't consider myself an alcoholic (because I wasn't getting hangovers/drinking before 6pm/other cliches) I'd been drinking for 25 years (increasing over the years up to 6 bottles of wine a week before quitting) and that sh*t does damage! Watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=499ajGowVqM&amp;index=1&amp;list=LL1zqllbtNPqkM9QDM6CnszQ) earlier which helped me realise that.
I'm very close to your timeline and experience! Lots of sugary snacks lots of Netflix (currently binging on Schitt's Creek and it's pretty funny) lots of time to myself. Anxiety comes and goes and I definitely feel my feelings much more especially the bad ones and have spent a few nights sitting up crying journaling and reading SD instead of sleeping...It's tough but I'm tougher and if I had to guess so are you! Here's to ice cream and comedies on Netflix.  IWNDWYT 
