-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7817cu/every_male_in_my_family_is_an_alcoholic/

Hello all I am new to SD and could really use some support. I come from a long history of drinkers with all the males in my family either in recovery or still heavily drinking. I often fall into the trap of thinking I have alcohol under control a couple beers socially but take it to extremes when I am home and have some downtime including bingeing once a month. I woke up this morning sober yet still feeling the effects of blackout on Thursday. I have three sons that need me to be sober. I do not drink in front of my sons something my father did and left me with a lot a trauma as a child. I am not with their mom and have not been for quite sometime (weekend father). In past I have been able to stay sober for over a year so I know that it is possible I am just really struggling at the moment. Thank you for reading. ..I will not drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today. ..You are doing a very important thing and it can be hard you are breaking the chain of male alcoholics in your family with your sons. You are setting a very important image on how your sons will deal with alcohol so be strong and you can do it. ..It is great you have been sober for a year before so you KNOW you can do it. Ride out this moment and think about how proud your future self will be. 
One of my motivators was the realization that I was messing up my family's lives (wife sons brothers sister etc.) and I really had no right to do that.  Actually as the senior most person I should have been a positive influence a supporter an enabler and there for them.  None of which I was capable of doing.  Now that I can and I am what I should be we are all having a grand time.  Sobriety is a beautiful thing.  
Welcome glad you are here!  You have found a wonderful place with a lot of info and support...It's so great you have had a year sober before; the things you did and learned then can help you now.  I have had periods of sobriety in the past and last time around I kept a journal -- nothing fancy just a little notebook where I jotted down some realizations like "there is no downside to NOT drinking".  Also:  "I have realized the euphoria came from the *anticipation* of the drinking.  The drinking itself never actuallly made me feel that good." Just a couple thoughts that helped me...Most of all reading and posting here has helped me so much.   I do the daily check-in each morning because as much as we hear this phrase it really is a one day at a time kind of project...Please keep us updated how things are going...I will not drink with you tonight......
