-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/783pma/10_months/

Crazy. Looking at a year just before Xmas. I would say that things change and get easier around 30 60 90 days. 10 months in it's not so much that I'm "trying not to drink" as it is that I "don't drink" anymore. ..I was away with relatives and watched a bottle of vodka slowly drain over the weekend as everyone else drank and I might have well been looking at gasoline. Actually I like to think of alcohol like gasoline at the moment- even a small amount can start a hufge fire and it just gets worse the more you pour on it...If you are struggling out there you can do it. I was in and out of detox 3 times in 2 years. I was at the end of my rope- I tried a Leaving Las Vegas type binge that lasted 9 days of not getting out of bed and I finally got sick and tired of being sick and tired. 
----------immediate responses--------

Almost a year of sober seasons. Well done!!! Thank you for the gasoline image. Very helpful. IWNDWYT 
Funny how your perception of alcohol changes over time. Not even a year ago I couldn't imagine 30 days without drinking - might as well have been a prison sentence...But here I am and 30 days is... nothing. I mean that literally too - it's not easy or hard. It's truly nothing. It's not something I much consider anymore. At this point it's about deeper levels of healing. Repairing some of the things I neglected over the years...Regardless congratulations!! May we both continue to move forward but not forget how far we've come.
Nice work!
Alcohol=gasoline. Perfect analogy. Went to lunch with my daughter and she ordered a glass of Pinot noir. She asked me to hold it while she was  seating her toddler. I felt like I was holding a lit firecracker ( a smelly one to boot..) I kept thinking God I used to drink this crap..Alcohol..... so over it. Being vigilant not drinking with y'all tonight.....
Around here you can buy flex fuel that is about 50 percent ethanol right at the pump.  It's not hard for me to see alcohol as fuel because it is!
I appreciate your words. Thank you for sharing that.
Best Christmas present ever - congratulations! 
I was so close to 30 days. Oh well I'll get there!
