-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78756t/quit_drinking_a_year_ago_trying_to_get_my_younger/

I am 27 years old and my younger brother just turned 24. Growing up we were around alcohol all the time since everyone in our family drank heavily. We were always against drinking since we seen first hand what it had done to our family. The arguments the violence and as kids we would always plead for our parents to quit drinking. Heck I remember very well us giving ultimatums like "The alcohol or your kids?" and nothing ever changed...When I turned 20 something changed in our minds and we opened that door to alcohol. We started being bought liquor by our parents... At the time this was exciting... ..We started our drinking on and off and it wasn't something we still wanted in our lives 'full time' like we seen around us but by the time I was 21 we had already adapted drinking every day. Looking back I feel terrible that I was the one my brother really looked up to and he followed suit drinking with me around 18 years old...Over the next few years our drinking became a had become a real staple that was the norm and by time he was 21 and able to buy alcohol I had already realized that it wasn't going to be good once he COULD buy alcohol. I only worried because when I was buying the alcohol he had a cut off point that I'd say "No more" at and we'd call it a night. With him being able to buy as much and legally able to consume as much as he wanted this lead to much bigger problems that lead us to move apart from each other after 5 years of living in our own house together. (We moved out of the family's house when I was 18 and he was 14)..His drinking got to the point that he was passing out making a complete mess of the house we were living in and it was just heartbreaking to start seeing him going in that ugly of a direction. Needless to say I was still drinking nightly myself but I wasn't drinking to black out necessarily like he was. After many nights of fighting on and off the breaking point was the night he 'fell' into his 50gal fish tank shattered the glass and of course had all the water and contents spill out of the tank. I woke up to no towels left in the house to shower with and upon searching found them all in his room laying on top of this mess of fish water and him passed out on the bed...Within 2 weeks I had moved out. ...Fast forward about a year : .I decided I personally had enough drinking. I started to hate the fact I would come home and consume 4-5 beers a night on the weekdays and a lot more on the weekends. I made it my goad/mission to not drink anything for at least 6 months and reevaluate if I wanted to keep drinking after my 6 months was up. What an incredible decision I made! I will save my "This is why I'm loving life now" part of the story and just keep it to I wish I would have quit sooner...My brother and I both have daughters now his daughter was just born about 5 months ago. I have been trying to get him to at least give the 6 month sober challenge a shot knowing that once he seen how much better life can be he would also agree after 6 months that it's not a path he wants to continue down. If he ignored all the health concerns I honestly thought that doing it for his daughter's sake would be all he needed to at least give it an honest attempt. I felt like all he needed to do was think back to when we were kids and how bad we wished out parents would stop drinking but it hasn't made any difference to him...All I get is "I don't have a drinking problem"  "I only ever have 4-6 beers a night you make me seem like a drunk" "I won't create an enviroment like we grew up in"..Last night was a sad night for me as I pretty much asked him to stop coming around until he takes me up on the challenge. Every time I see him his life is more miserable for reasons that he is in absolute control of but instead of taking action he opens a beer. ..I don't know what the best option is for both of our sake. On one hand I completely understand that it's his life and I am no one to tell him he MUST do anything. But it breaks my heart to know that by time the alcohol has become a problem again for him it will have a much harder grasp on him. Qutting after only drinking daily for only 5-6 years was a struggle for me. Although I didn't have a withdrawal like an opiod addict the thought of going home and getting 'wasted' was a very very heavy weighing thought that just didn't seem to want to ever go away. Thankfully after about my 3rd month those urges did get easier to handle. Although a year later I'd be lying if I said I didn't get the same urge to just drink even though the thought of consuming alcohol makes me sick to my stomach. ..I wish he understood that the longer that he takes to take on this '6 month' break the harder it will be mentally and physically. I don't think any loving parent ever starts off thinking "I can't wait until my alcohol becomes a problem in my family" but I am very aware that it happens ALL the time. At the very least it confuses the hell out of the child. ..What am I missing? Am I doing the wrong thing with my 'tough love' approach? Or is that more hurtful than helpful? I am just having the hardest time acting 'ok' with it and almost ignoring the elephant in the room. I felt like at least if he stopped coming around I'd hurt a little less feeling like he's just wasting his young life away without ever trying the other side of the fence as a young adult...Any suggestions or helpful tips on how to get him to at least try being sober for the 6mo? Only reason the 6mo idea keeps circling around is that I honestly think that (at least people our age) it's long enough to take a step back refresh and reevaluate. I am not positive that someone that has drunk for 30 years should only aim for 6months but I don't believe that it's the same kind of addiction at that point...**EDIT: After getting some responses...**..I sent my brother a message explaining that my actions and the way I have gone about trying to help were all wrong. I explained that I tried educating myself this morning to try and better understand what I was missing that would help him better understand this important but all I found was story after story of similar people with similar experiences with unsuccessful outcomes going the route I am trying to take. ..I also explained that I want to be part of his life and vice/versa but it would mean the world to everyone around him if he decided he was tired of drinking and wanted to give sobriety a fair chance...I am very thankful for everyone's input this morning. My intentions were good at heart but I do understand where I was very wrong in my approach to helping. .
----------immediate responses--------

It is really almost impossible to convert people - they really have to want to quit drinking otherwise they will just sneak it and tell you that they did (I know because I did this). His child will notice changes in him from when he is sober to not and eventually that will be a problem (kids get anxiety and worried about that type of stuff) and that will be the unfortunate part although I am guilty of this as well being a mom. Alcohol is a huge problem in my family and my husband's family (fights injuries DUIs etc) but we haven't cut anyone off because that wouldn't make a difference. Most people in my family have tried to quit on their own but haven't been successful. It is REALLY hard so a person definitely has to want it. He probably does need you in his life but when he gets black-out drunk have a kind discussion with him that you are worried and hope that it gets through. .Recently (and one thing that led me to drink A LOT in this past year) one of my nieces took a drug just for fun with a friend (she wasn't into drugs really and she was young) and ended up dying in a really tragic way (like horrifying death). There was a family event that she attended the night before that we decided not to go to because we were trying not to drink. That was the last time anyone saw her alive. I am only telling you this story because regardless of people's vices and issues cutting someone out of your life is a big deal because there is always a chance that you will never see them again..And btw did all the fish die? :(
Honestly the length of time you drink may have some affect but after a certain number of years it will be difficult regardless. And everyone's body chemistry is different. I realize this is not helpful just an observation. I would recommend Al-anon meetings; they are help and support for friends and family members of alcoholics. As an alcoholic in recovery myself all I can say is that no number of ultimatums would make me stop; I had to want it for myself. Best wishes to you and your brother.
This isn't what you want to hear but it isn't your place to save him. He needs to come to the conclusion he needs to quit on his own just like you did. Telling him he has a problem is not effective as it will just make him defensive which I would guess would've been your reaction as well before you quit. I would've been incredibly annoyed had someone presented me with this  challenge.  ..My advice? Don't alienate him. Don't keep pointing out his drinking. Just love him and if his drinking interferes with your happiness set boundaries. You can't change what anyone will do only your reaction to it. Be there for him when he falls. Offer sobriety as an option without shoving it on him. Don't steal his lightbulb moment. If he doesn't get there on his own then he isn't going to get there. ..My foray into drinking was similar to yours: alcoholic parents who started buying me booze. My parents still drink as much as they ever did. As they age it continues to destroy their health and their relationships. They would live longer likely more fulfilling lives if they quit and while it's hard to know that and keep watching them destroy everything around them I can't change them just like you can't change your brother. At some point you'll become the preachy sober guy and any hope you have to help him will be lost. Gently guide him in the right direction rather than grabbing him by the ears and forcing him the way you want him to go. ..Good luck I will not drink with you today. 
Quitting can be a struggle...He needs your love.  ..However I always remember I can give love without trust.  I can be caring without compromising my boundaries...Here's what I've done with people in my life who are close:  I offer to attend some meetings with them.  Sometimes hearing my story out a strangers mouth who has no familial connection to me makes the difference...Tried that?..My heart goes out to you.  My brother wouldn't accept any help and took his life last year.
Amazing follow-up--the message you sent your brother may well sink in deeper than anything you've tried before. I wish of course that we could do more. ..One of the tragedies is that your brother doesn't see the importance of stopping for his daughter because your parents never modeled the idea that you kids were important enough for them to stop. That's heartbreaking and I just want to say that you never deserved that and your struggles aren't all your fault. Congratulations on all your hard work; you have created a wonderful example for your brother to look to. Keep going. &lt;3
My brother is a hardcore alcoholic and I would do anything for him to stay sober.  But there is nothing I can do if he isn't willing to do whatever it takes just like I did when I quit.  It sucks I know. 
