-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/787hnw/living_with_a_drinker/

I feel like I am soaking up a lot of energy in SD right now so forgive me for yet another post.  My SO and I were sober when we got married and we had nine years of sobriety together.  Nine years and he kept insisting and insisting that we could drink. So we did. So it's over twelve years later and I've reached my limit of drinking.  And I have been talking to him about how much I have struggled with it and have cried a river of tears and told him how terrible it makes me feel about myself.  So from Friday to Sunday I literally just spent 48 hours with a VERY active alcohol drinker.  Being around him made me white knuckle the entire weekend.  I definitely know that I can't make him be different but we have been together a long time and I find his behavior this weekend to be shitty.  He knew because I made it very clear to him that I was struggling but he still got good and shit faced.  My home was literally a drunk space and I feel as bad this morning as if I had been drinking all weekend because of having to endure all the cravings and just concentrating so hard to stay with it.  And I just put my 6 year old on the bus after rushing him and not being patient with him.  I don't expect every day or every weekend to be rosy but I'm so angry and I'm so tired of pulling so much weight.  I don't have a single craving today thankfully since I am not around anybody who carelessly just does whatever works for them.  I'm sure I sound codependent but we have kids and a home and serious responsibilities.
----------immediate responses--------

there are reasons to support any decision.  there are reasons to stay and reasons to leave.  change happens when the pain of staying the same becomes greater than the fear of something new.  and then it just kind of happens.  trust yourself.  you'll know when you're ready.
Try to enjoy the perks of your new sobriety on a personal basis and he may be inspired by you! But remember separation is not as big of a deal as it might sound in theory. ..Some times you just have to prioritize your own sanity. 
My heart is hurting for you.  Keeping everything running in a household with kids is more than enough work when two sober adults are in charge.  This situation puts so much responsibility on you.  Good luck and please keep posting you have a lot of support here.  
Ugh that sucks. It sounds like he might be in his feelings--maybe some shame about his own drinking now that you're holding up a sober mirror and he's scared. That "rebellion" against dark thoughts where you just drink defiantly like "Whatever I do what I want! Everything's GREAT. So what if I just sat on the dog he's fine."..His having a glass or three of beer might not destabilize you but marinating in his fumes all weekend would be a bit much for anyone--not just someone who has just quit drinking! ..So if that is true it's appropriate for anyone and especially you to set a boundary. It won't be anywhere near ideal. Maybe something like "you drink all day me and the kids must leave all day. It's not a good scene and I don't know what else to do. If you have another idea that would be less work for us I'm open." ..Sounds a little passive aggressive but shit it's kind of an untenable situation and that *is* the lay of the land--you do more work either way so you may as well at least select which kind of extra labor is least detrimental to you. I'm sorry. :-(
You are stronger than you think Memy! I thank God every day that my husband is just a normal drinker who absolutely never drinks in our home. He's always been that way. I doubt I would stand a chance if he was drinking in my face at any time in our home. Our home is my *safest zone*. I rely on that. He is a big part of my Sobriety. I am aware than I am much older than most here on SD. Our grown sons have their own lives now &amp; The Husband &amp; I are alone much of the time. Both young men live near us now due to big changes in the past year &amp; this is a good thing. The oldest son has our only grandchild &amp; a wonderful wife. They are normal drinkers but also would never drink around me. My advice is along the lines of others who posted back to you: Live *your* sober life. This is probably not the time to make big important life-changing decisions about your marriage. But you do need to set boundaries with him preferably when he is not actively drinking. Go to school care for yalls child take care of the house live *around* him if you can. Either he will see the light in you or he won't &amp; he may make your long term decision for you. I truly wish you all the luck in the world. Take care of yourself. Dartaga
I didn't look to family for support.  They're the same people I harmed...I went to meetings and got support from people with whom I have no baggage.  Then I can be the best sober person for my family...You've got two weeks.  Congratulations!  My best testimony about sober living is my daily sobriety and care and kindness.  ..I'd give that as a present to my SO for a while.  Then I'd make choices...Accept them tolerate them or remove myself from them.
