-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/788tw7/how_i_think_about_my_old_drinking_an_experience_i/

One of the most difficult aspects of sobriety is coming to terms with the years of drinking that preceded it. Most people who make the decision to quit drinking do so only after incurring a lot of damage to their careers relationships and health. It's natural to feel guilt and shame about what we did (and didn't do) on account of our drinking. But it's also important not to let these feelings of regret overwhelm us...The way I tackle this problem is to think of my drinking as simply a phase of my life that's over. In a way it was like being in school. Counting preschool kindergarten elementary middle and high school and then college and grad school I was a full-time student for about 20 years. Coincidentally that's about the same number of years I was a drinker. I have a mix of good and bad memories from both. I have no desire to resume either...In those 20 years I "accomplished" pretty much any goal one could have with drinking. I've drunk both cheap swill and fancy craft-beer plastic handles of vodka and small-batch bottles of whiskey boxed wine and bottles that cost more than $100. I drank in dive bars and sports bars and speakeasies and cocktail lounges and restaurants and nightclubs and cafes. I drank at weddings and funerals and birthday parties and ballgames and movie theaters and concerts. I drank with men and women of all ages and nationalities and professions and levels of wealth and sophistication...I've gotten drunk in more than 30 countries and 30 different U.S. states. I've gotten drunk in the morning afternoon and night on buses trains airplanes and boats. I've had plenty of sex while drunk (but spent many more nights alone.)..Was it all misery? I'd be lying if I said it was. I had a good time while I was a drinker. But one day I found that I simply had had enough. I'm done. It's over. ..Now in sobriety I'm finding that I have a whole set of new things to experience. I'd never for instance learned how to overcome my shyness without self-medicating with alcohol. I'd never been able to attend a wedding (as an adult) without intoxicating myself and waking up with my suit crumpled haphazardly on the floor of my hotel room...I'd never since I started drinking ever really figured out how to create and stick to a budget organize my finances in a responsible way or even stay on top of basic household errands. I'd never been able to stick to a diet or an exercise routine. I'd never woken up the morning after a social outing and not had to worry about what I'd said and did the night before...There are many reasons I do not wish to drink anymore but one major one is that there's nothing more for me to experience. I'm not going to go back after a period of sobriety and discover that I'd been missing out on something truly wonderful. It would be the same old shit that I've done thousands of times. ..Alcoholism is misery. I sincerely wish those who are still struggling to get the help they need to get sober. You don't need to drink for 20 years   or 10   or five to get the "full experience." I drank for 20 years not because I was ticking boxes but because I was unable to come to grips with my problem and was afraid to quit. I hope younger readers of this thread figure it out at an earlier age than I am now (36)...But I find the "been there done that" approach useful when I feel wistful or nostalgic about my drinking days. I enjoyed my college history lectures too but sure as hell don't want to sit through them again.
----------immediate responses--------

I like what you said about being in school...I recently had a similar discussion with my fiance about drinking. He stopped drinking (mostly) at least a year or two before I did. We've both done things we are ashamed about while we were drinking. Since he's seemed to have dealt with it more than I have I asked him about how he got past all the shame and embarrassment. ..He told me that he looks at it as he looks at his childhood. When you're a kid and you throw tantrums and scream and cry and do embarrassing things you do it because you don't know any better. You don't look back on MOST of those times as being hard on yourself - you think of yourself as a kid. He said that's how he looks on his drinking years. He thought at that time that due to society's pressure to drink and the experiences we were "supposed" to have that that is what drinking was supposed to be like. He didn't know any better. Now that he does he doesn't judge himself too harshly. He has learned and it is time to move on. Just as he wouldn't judge himself as a child for things he did when he didn't know any better...This re-framing really helped me deal with some of the stuff I've done and said while drinking. Although sometimes I still feel VERY ashamed I know I know better now and that I can make sure these things don't happen again in the future. NOW that I do know better is what matters. 
This post rings very true for me. I'm 34 and honestly haven't even had much of an urge to drink after making my decision 108 days ago largely because I've been framing it to myself and others just the way you describe: That was an era of my life. I did it. Now I'm moving on...About two weeks before I quit for good I had a large-ish (30-40 people) birthday party bar crawl. I was pleasantly surprised that so many people came out and everyone seemed to be having a good time. About two hours in I was waiting at the bar for another drink looking at all of my friends and acquaintances from a distance / sort of in the abstract and I just thought... "I am done with this." Like this isn't how I want to spend my time anymore...I didn't feel it in a judgmental or mean way and there's not even anything sad about it. It just is the case that I am done with that time. I will always have the extra lines on my face and probably minor brain damage to remind me if I get nostalgic.
Been there done that got the tee-shirt...*and NEVER need to repeat it*!
This thread reminds me how majority of drinkers are actually wise soft emotional and intelligent beings [and I dare to count myself in :) ]. We are so hard on ourselves for a reason not known to me (yet) both when drinking and sober. I guess - when we start to "forgive" self for no reason - that's the time we stop the need to kill ourselves with booze..Stay strong! .And gentle!
we are around the same age and i feel the exact same way but with a few tiny edits: alcohol is misery. and instead of a suit it was was a dress crumpled on the floor after a wedding waking to wonder who was mad at me how i got home who was in bed beside me...way to go on 126..i am well aware that alcoholism is misery sure but alcohol itself is such a nasty depressant influence menace. i think the weirdest part is how we essentially grow up once stopping. i have stopped dozens of time before but this time feels different. ..i am looking for a weekend job to work on my debt. taking better care of my body. and simply because it just feels like the natural thing to do. ..
Love this post! I definitely relate to what you are saying about learning how to 'adult' as the kids say.  It's way more interesting to have this new phase of life to navigate as a sober person rather than just repeat the same pattern of the prior decades. 'Been there done that' is exactly the feeling.  ..I'm still learning all the 'adulting' stuff but it feels really good to TRY (even if I sometimes fail) being a functional person who does laundry cleans the house and pays bills (mostly) on time.  ..
My drinking career....yes career not just school for me (sigh)  lasted about 40 years. Yes there was a lot of fun and plenty of years in there where drinking wasn't a huge problem.....but there were many years when I knew I had to stop drinking. Of course I spent years on the bargaining moderation I'll only drink weekends after work white wine no vodka fill in the blank bandwagon......we all know how that goes. ..It took me about 10 years to finally get where I am at....sober for good. I encourage anyone who is thinking it is time to quit and 'graduate' or 'change careers'....to do it now. While I try not to regret my life experiences I do wish I had been able to get sober earlier. It is so freeing and empowering. ..Bravo to you to finding your best self now. Keep up the good work!!
I am saving this thread. Thanks for the quality post. 
At AA one guy's favorite response to people pestering him to drink is "no thanks I outgrew it".  He says it jokingly as a quip but your post makes the point that it can also be a serious response...I will not drink with you today.
Gaaaddam you hit the nail on the head
Thanks for sharing! Kinda how I feel about drinking too. 
Wow this really resonates I could almost have written this post myself it's so close to my experience. 38 been drinking since mid teens. 100's of complete blackouts the ones that last for hours with no recollection and make you feel mentally ill for days.  My behaviour when drinking ranges from lunatic to charming (apparently).  I've lived and worked in countries all over the world drunk in all of them been naked had fights pulled beautiful women eaten at michelin star restaurants been arrested (many times).  So many experiences on booze ooze takes you places but ultimately like it has for me it comes at a heavy price if you let it get away from you.  Known as the heavy drinker and party guy may be OK at uni but at 38 still getting in  at 11am the next day and then waking up and drinking beer and going out again....feeling an ace in your bones and itchy burning eyes for days after.  It has been a crazy roller coaster with enough crazy stories  for several lifetimes.  I survived really that's how I see it! I should have stopped years ago but finally I'm ready to stop drinking. I have no intention of ever going back first the first time ever I feel no desire to drink. 
