-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78a76t/my_sons_birthday/

.My son was 15 and drunk when the vehicle he was driving went airborne and flipped.  It was totaled and would have flown into a bedroom were it not for a large oak tree that was planted long before I or even my parents were born.  The person that planted that tree had no idea that that little act would drastically alter the course of someone's life 100 years in the future...I experienced sensory overload when I got to the scene with all the blue and red lights flashing people standing around staring at the police officers and EMT's do their job.  Getting out of my car I imagined the worst as I watched the car being pulled from that tree.  Miraculously he wasn't even injured and he didn't hurt anyone else.  ..I was furious as I sat on my couch that night waiting for the police to call me to come pick him up after being processed.  My brain was swimming.  How could he be that stupid?! I wondered how this was going to impact his life.  Little did I know it would impact mine more that it would his.  When the police finally called at 2:00am I went to the bathroom to rinse my face off with cold water and the guy in the mirror looked at me in disgust.  Not with my son but with me.  As far as role models go I was failing.  I'm too embarrassed to even tell random internet strangers some of the despicable things I have done when I was drunk. ..Skip ahead to today.  My son's picture hangs on the wall above my computer just as a reminder.   I haven't posted here in a long time but today I decided to.  I've been sober since that night.  Doing my best to be a better role model.  Today is his birthday and we're both alive to celebrate it.  ..I want to encourage all of you that are struggling.  Everything in my life improved since I got sober.  Everything.  I haven't talked to a single person who's said that life went downhill after they got sober.   ..
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I haven't talked to a single person who's said that life went downhill after they got sober...amen friend &lt;3
Great story. All my best to you and your son.
Happy birthday to your son. I am glad that he wasn't hurt in that accident. Your story also gives me hope that I can continue to do the right thing for my kids and to stay sober and be a role model to them. 
Powerful story thank you for sharing.
Wow &lt;3 so glad he was unharmed and that it inspired you to change your lives for the better.
Thank you. My son turned 5 today. Thank you. &lt;3
wow thank you for posting that .. .
