-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78jhbl/first_time_poster_got_fired_today_might_be_a_good/

On Friday I was drinking at my desk (I know terrible plan) to get rid of the withdrawal symptoms. I went fast because I was feeling so awful. I was distracted by emails and didn't realize until it really hit me hard. I tried to keep it together but it was obvious. I went into the restroom and tried to throw up had coffee etc but nothing was helping. I knew it was going to get worse as it entered my blood stream but I didn't know what to do. Finally I went into my managers office and just said I was sick and needed to go (figured I would leave my car there and just Uber home). She wouldn't let me go (she didn't say why and neither I but it was obvious af at that point) and ended up having an employee drive me home with another following in my car. It was the most embarrassing situation I have ever been in. I knew that was it for the job but I wasn't sure what they were going to. I waited for the call and got it today. It was very succinct they just said "we believe you were intoxicated on Friday and that violates our handbook you are terminated as we don't believe this was the first time it has happened". I just said okay (no point in arguing and I didn't want to get into confirming it on a legal level and as they did not test me at the time its all word of mouth and I have not been back to the building). Luckily we have drivers so someone will be able to bring my desk items to me and I can give them back the laptop I use so I don't have to go in and face anyone. I don't think I can face these people ever again and I guess I don't have to. I have been struggling with panic anxiety depression and PTSD but it has escalated recently (1 suicide attempt many days hiding from everything and got an FMLA put in place). After being hospitalized I was gone from work for 3 weeks or so I was able to keep sober and get control of some of the anxiety so I figured hey I think it's time to go back to work. It was not. The job is menial yet stressful and I should have given myself more time to heal than I did. I have been unhappy there and the second I got back the drinking escalated even more. It was my fault but I'm actually glad to have the time I need to heal myself and do what I need to do. I loose my insurance in 10 days but luckily I can go on my fiances plan starting December 1st. I'm hoping having this happen (and with having time for appointments and healing) that I can finally get a handle on my drinking and anxiety. Anyone have any experiences like this with  job is there anything I should do when trying to find something new (when/if the time comes)?
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  This site has been a great source of info and support for me.  I hope it is for you too...I've never been in a work situation like that before but I can relate to not wanting to see people after being drunk.  I've found that with time and practice it's easier to feel good about myself and grow strong.  It makes the shadows of the past dim a bit...In the meantime early recovery was all about reading and treating myself with kindness.  I read all sorts of memoirs blogs articles etc about addiction and recovery.  It was eye opening for me.  I slept ate healthy food at treats drank tons of teas soda waters coffee etc.  got some exercise and really evaluated my goals and dreams my fears and hopes.  ..You can do this.  ..In the sidebar on the right --&gt; you can request a badge that tracks sober days if you want.  I find mine helpful for inspiration not to drink.  And also in the sidebar is an incredible helpful free book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  Helps to diminish the desire to drink or at least it helped me a bit...Best wishes.
I have lost/quit many jobs because of my drinking. Get yourself healthy and the right job will come. It's so much easier to succeed at work when you are sober. I will not drink with you today.
My last night drinking I was working (a job I hated) and I don't remember how I got home. I woke up in my work uniform. My bf helped me piece together the night. I had to uber back to my job to get my keys and purse. I tried to sneak in and out before anyone saw me but got called out by a manager and questioned in the middle of the restaurant- it was humiliating. Apparently my managers the night before had to pull me off the floor and put me in a cab home. The sad part was this wasn't the first place something like this had happened. I was determined it would be my last. I don't even remember the last drink I had and I prefer it that way. I hated that job. It was low   bf and high stress. I took some time off after got sober got my shit together and changed fields. I now make 3xs as much money. I bought my dream car. I bought a house. I lost 50 lbs. All in 1 year and 10 months of sobriety. I'm gonna have to say screw booze for life. This sobriety business is fucking awesome..*side note* as humiliated as I was about what happened at that job I had the awesome opportunity to run into a group of my old coworkers who have seen my progress on social media. I got hugs and high fives for my success. It's helped a lot take the sting out of that night knowing I can and have redeemed myself. You will find your own victories in sobriety. Let them fuel you. Best wishes. 
Welcome to SD! I m sure you will find it to be a useful place for support and ideas on the time ahead...Sometimes choices are made for us but as you say that can be a good thing. I ve been on a sick leave (unrelated) for almost a year now and just the last few months I ve been able to pursue a life long dream. Point is shit happens but we still choose how to handle it. I m happy to see that you have a positive outlook and a realistic approach. Wish you all the best!
