-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78jy04/my_relapsing_boyfriend_and_i_just_broke_up/

Long story short he was sober when we started dating (under a year) and visiting me while I was in the peak of my depression in a city far away from my parents and close friends. I was drinking a lot and honestly our relationship only started because I asked him out when I was utterly obliterated one night. He stayed sober for about 6 mos and then one day said he wanted to smoke weed again. We talked about it for a long time and he finally decided he wanted to try...Flash forward 3 months later and he's spending $300+ on weed every month or two and smoking everyday. Before work before class anytime really. AND he's started drinking. We're together a lot so we bicker a bit and then last Saturday things got really mean while we were drunk and I just basically walked away. ..I am serious about my sobriety and he was trying to tell me it's unfair that I'm finally deciding to do it after months of him telling me I had a problem. He thinks it's unfair that I want to do this without him at least in the beginning but basically forced me to say I wanted to break up because I cannot commit to both my sobriety and him. Which is how I feel. Now however he is blaming ME for the fact he is no longer sober but is choosing to not get sober because he does not feel his life was in danger (he never had a "problem" with alcohol or marijuana - he used H). ..I'm on my second day and I'm feeling like shit physically but it's been a good day mentally until this happened. Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I learned early on I had to work on me. Otherwise wise I would be worth nothing to no one. Hang in there and good luck. It does get better. 
Two addicts who are both in the beginnings of recovery is always a bad idea. I don't mean to rain on your parade but it's probably best for both of you to mutually agree to break it off. I've been through rehab twice and gone to probably a thousand AA meetings. They all say the same. 
Sounds like a lot of drama emotions resentment and chaos...I got sober to rid my life of that...What do you want for yourself?
Both me and my wife are in recovery. We both work our own program. We both go to AA and never sit together. We both are on separate journeys with the same goal. Stay sober and live happy lives. 
Wow.  I will be honest.  Either he will come to his senses now that you're apart or he won't.  Either way you'll be better off for it.  Things like these have a way of working themselves out.
find it so crazy that we humans latch onto each other and say the darndest things pretending that there is no other way. Although the relationship with my girlfriend is going well I quite often remind myself that nothing absolutely nothing is permanent and I should be ready to abandon all at any moment. That doesn't mean run look for the negative or not invest. Quite the opposite really. I completely invest in the moment and day and relationship while cherishing time spent but I understand an impasse on a mountain trail is no different than an impasse in a relationship: I must turn back and find another way. This is okay. ..Human drama can derail me so quickly. That's why I must remember that I want what I want and must do what I just do as no one else is responsible for me. I have to stay on my side of the street and protect myself. ..If it's hard to say goodbye to a relationship like the one you described then it may be hard for the wrong reasons. Remember this is all about you and nothing about him. You two owe each other absolutely nothing. 
