-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78kx8z/making_friends_in_aa/

I was in AA for a couple of months but decided it wasn't for me. I want to start going back to meetings but I'm afraid I won't feel welcome. I did have 2 friends in aa I would see once a week but now I have no way of contact with them. I suspect they've relapsed. Only reason we talked when we saw each other is because we were in rehab together. My old sponsor is having a busy life right now and she goes to a meeting that isn't in my area. ..I don't want to go back to AA feeling alone and left out. When I tried AA before I went to rehab that's exactly how I felt when I would go to meetings. I need a support system I can trust and depend on but I feel as if that isn't available to me. This makes me feel so depressed and lonely because I am in fear of relapsing again but have no one to talk to about it that understands the struggles of being alcoholic...How do people even make friends in AA?
----------immediate responses--------

Try getting to the meeting 15 minutes early and staying for 15 minutes after. 
Some people can make a room full of friends in 5 minutes.  But for people like me it takes awhile.  I think its not other peoples fault it just takes me awhile to warm up to people but if i consistency go for at least a couple months then I have plenty of people to talk with.  If it makes you feel better just remember most if not all the people in those rooms came there without a penny in there pocket or a friend in the world.
Brutal honesty: for me to make and maintain friends from AA I have to go to AA. I must go to the same meetings every week. I must help clean up after. Only then can I make friendships. I find when I stop going as consistently as I should I stop seeing those people. ..This is honestly how it is for me. I can manifest a relapse like no one's business. Especially when I regress too old drinking habits. The worst of which was withdrawing from society...I've been right where it sounds like you are. Finished treatment had a few acquaintances from treatment that went to meetings then they didn't. It royally pissed me off. Relapse trigger for me. If they can why can't I??? Yeah right. When I started to go to meetings consistently and totally anonymously I became more comfortable speaking freely and in doing so found myself listening more freely. As a result I started to become more trusting in people that I ACTUALLY related to not just because we sat through treatment together but because our viewpoints on sobriety were similar...I am far from perfect. My meeting attendance is not where it should be and I can feel it affecting me. I empathize totally as I am right there especially when I am more concerned with me than others. I know I became concerned if someone quit coming and I hope my actions don't affect people like that. I have control over that and because of that control over taking the first drink today...Thanks for the post. I needed to see this and reflect on how I feel because I am right there with ya. IWNDWYT! ..PS. You are totally welcome and needed at any meeting as long as you meet the ONLY requirement for membership: a desire to not drink 
You'll be embraced!..Making friends often is facilitated by showing up early helping with coffee any reading materials etc. even better bring some cookies or doughnuts.  Stay a few minutes after and help straighten up...Ask another person how they are.  ..One of the most important contributions is to *Listen Kindly*...Sometimes just *being* there to listen to someone *helps them* stay sober.  Listening to another is a gift you give!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
