-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78ogcw/when_did_you_notice_the_anxiety_go_away_what_helps/

I know what it feels like to have confidence and keep focused on my goals....but that goes bye bye if I drink. It's been a bad week and I relapsed with 3 nights in a row. I kind of weened yesterday so I wouldn't have a hangover today. I physically feel mostly OK but mentally my brain is stuck on some anxiety-inducing stuff. It's real stuff involving another alcoholic trying to ruin my life but when I'm of clear mind I know I can win this battle. Right now though I'm set on my life being destroyed and just wanting to drown my sorrows. I'm alone at home for the next 6.5 hours and I don't do well alone. I just want the anxiety to go away.
----------immediate responses--------

For me it was about 30 days. I stuck it out and got past it. Sober time and forgiving yourself for who you were but are no longer helps. I stopped other nervous/anxious habits like biting my nails without any thought to it it just stopped. I know it feels tough now but you can do this!
Diet and exercise helps me a ton. Eat more fish and fat. It will help with the anxiety.
I take meds for my anxietytrue that one can become addicted to them so keep that in mind..
Obviously you want to stay confident and focused on goals so the path you need to tread is that of not picking up the first drink. Sounds like you have some serious stuff going on with some other messed up person trying to give you a really hard time. Well the first thing to realize and I'm sure you're already aware of is that booze will only make the situation worse and create bigger problems with longer lasting consequences. Of course it's not easy because the booze is also a coping strategy but now is the time for a different kind of plan if you want to get out of the hole you've been digging.....Since you don't do well alone the best thing for you would probably get out of the house and go for a long walk. Get your blood pumping and your mind a little clearer and try to see things with a bit more optimism if possible. Walk for 6.5 hours if you have to but for your sanity's sake don't resort to instant gratification with alcohol that will only plunge you down deeper. You could be in for a long healing process but at least you'll be aiming for an upswing as opposed to that quick spiral downwards..... Chin up Smile at the insanity of humanity and walk with purpose in your stide because you know what you need to do if you wanna get out of your current dilemma. Even if you can't get out of it best to face it with the most courage you can muster which ain't gonna be found at the bottom of a bottle.....Good luck and God Bless!!!
Anxiety has always been part of my life and is a big part of my addiction to alcohol. I still dont have it figured out yet but meds have helped some. Strangely not having a bunch invested in drinking has helped some. About a year ago i had about 30 days sober i started doing meditation which is something i never thought id do and it actually worked really well. Once im not feeling like a gigantic  pile of human waste i want to start working out again. I used to be in great shape not anymore and that gives me anxiety too ..Sorry no solutions but i definitely feel where you are coming from 
