-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78tjri/how_to_deal_with_broken_trust/

Hello all! So I've posted here before but very infrequently. I've been trying to get sober for about 7-8 months now and have had some moderate success! Was sober for a month caved then had a streak of 5 months! Ended up getting some bad news about my dad and then went on a week-long bender. I've been sober for 3 weeks again back on the wagon but my girlfriend doesn't trust me anymore. She smells vanilla in my coffee and thinks it's alcohol and she's very suspicious of what I do when I'm at my house. We were planning on moving in together but now she's worried I've fallen off the wagon again and that I'm lying to her. As I said we were planning on moving in together so even if I had caved I can't exactly drink if I'm sleeping next to her you know? This is also not the first time there's been trouble between us so I completely understand where she's coming from. She has no reason to trust me and to be frank neither do I. I guess I'm just looking for advice on how to rebuild that trust we used to have before I relapsed? I don't want to lose her especially after I've worked so hard to fix myself and make positive changes in my life. ..Tl;dr-  Been trying to get sober relapsed after a 5 month sobriety been sober again for 3 weeks now but gf doesn't believe me. Looking for advice on how to regain my gf's trust?
----------immediate responses--------

Be sober for a day. Then repeat. Then repeat until you regain the trust. ..Not much you can do other than not drink. 
Seems like your girlfriend could be a tad more empathetic
The problem with being accused of something is that the more we try to prove our innocence the more guilty we sound. "The lady doth protest too much methinks" It's an impossible situation. ...I think only time will help. Show her you can be sober for a day and then a week and then two weeks and then a month. And gradually the trust will hopefully come. 
You could tell her that you get it because you also felt the disappointment and fear and you also wondered if relapse meant you couldn't trust yourself again...Then explain or share some info about how relapse is an extremely common and often necessary part of the learning curve that makes sobriety stick for the long run. Find a long-timer here who discusses the shift that occurred at their final relapse and read to her from their experience perhaps. ..And then you could say you're not asking her to trust you right away that you need to prove it to yourself just as much as to her and rebuild your own trust in yourself so you can confidently ask for hers again when it's time. Just ask for time instead of trust. And then show her. Best to you.
Trust is honesty over time...She may know that vanilla extract has significant alcohol content...Going to meetings?  Got a program?
