-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/78vwp1/time_to_give_it_up/

I woke up this morning after having met some friends last night for takeaway. They weren't really drinking but I proceeded to smash my way through 2 bottles of wine pretty much to myself. I can't remember what I said but I woke up with the heavy burden of shame and humiliation making me feel sick to my stomach tired from agitated sleep and ill from the physical effects of the wine. I don't even know what I did or said to cause it. But I know its not good and I've made an ass of myself. Again. And its happening all too frequently. I can't stop once I start I would have drunk more if there had been more available. ..So its about time I faced up to the fact I have a problem with alcohol. I don't usually drink in the week I start work early and it just makes life difficult but definitely at weekends and I can't just have 1 glass - I drink on my own until I pass out or managed to stumble to bed. I've been reading through some peoples stories on here and I can really relate to some of them the feeling of paranoia the shame the blackouts going through life unfocused and out of control. When 'normal' people say what they drink - it puts it into perspective that mine is out of control..I've been heavy drinker all of my adult life since early teens. I've now found a new love in running which I'm very passionate about but I keep hindering my progress through my poor habits. My diet and lifestyle is really well managed - when I've been sober the night before..I think now its time to at goodbye to it. Not just cut back but actually recognising I have a really toxic relationship with alcohol.I can't imagine having fun without a drink in my hand. But i can't handle feeling like I did this morning any more. i want to get the extra weight off and keep it off i want to be able to wake up in the morning with a clear head and go for an early run with my dog i don't want to upset my friends with callous cruel comments or apologise the next day for behavior unknown and finally be the person who I aspire to be. .But I'm struggling to imagine a life without it. I'm too scared to start forever. I'm living a lie. 
----------immediate responses--------

It seems as though you have accomplished the first step which is admitting you have a problem...Good luck.
This is similar to my relationship with alcohol except I drink more frequently. For me the first time I managed to quit I had a lot of cravings even four years into it. It can be the harder choice to not drink but not having to deal with shame/hangovers is worth it. Go on that early morning run take it one day at a time you can do this. I will not drink with you today.
I have never missed those feelings of shame anxiety and embarrassment that come with a hangover. Just reading your story reminded me of why I am sober. I was so tired of being a drunk. It brought me nothing but anxiety and shame relationship problems extra weight bad sleep lack of motivation and on and on...I found it extremely helpful to make a list of what I gained by not drinking (self respect no drunk arguments with my husband no blackouts no wondering what I did or said not having to check my phone in the middle of the night pride etc etc etc). I added to the list as time went on. I keep it on my phone and refer to it whenever I think about having a drink. It is an excellent reminder of how shitty I felt in general (mentally and physically) and how out of control my life actually was...Being sober has been a big eye opener for me. I try not to be embarrassed or regret how long I allowed alcohol to run my life. I am thankful I finally got sober and I guarantee if you stick with it you will be as well...Today is a beautiful day to be sober. 
Thank you - That really helps :).Reading through here make you realise what a damaging substance it is - we demonise drugs but culturally alcohol is acceptable - even expected. I think it makes me into the louder extrovert smarter funnier version of yourself - in reality having a drink problem is a dark and lonely place to be. I will not drink with you (or myself) today
