-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/792ofm/people_act_like_i_dont_have_a_problem/

Hello I have been lurking around SD for the past year as I have been taking slow measures to eliminate alcohol from my life. This community is so encouraging especially for someone who is very private and afraid to talk about this with others.  ..I live in a smallish city and I have a demanding high-level university job...big fish little pond. I live in one of the most alcohol-laden communities you could imagine. A drive-through daiquiri stand sits half a mile from my house and the restaurants in my neighborhood are happy to send me home with a roadie full of whiskey or whatever else I want. Alcohol is at every event I attend. ..My parents and grandparents were heavy drinkers as I grew up and most people in my family still drink. Fifteen months ago I broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years and he and I were prolific drinkers when we were together.    I'm finally trying very hard to get my act together and I am amazed at how far I've come in life without alcohol completely screwing it all up.    ..Now that I have the nerve to tell my friends that I'm trying to cut alcohol they treat me like I am nuts. They don't think I have a problem they don't understand why I think it's such a big deal. I finally saw a counselor yesterday and though I think she and I will get along great even she said something like "I think you're just fine so I'm just going to be here to walk you through this." Like if I am telling you that I have a problem and I am not fine why don't you believe me?   ..I appreciate this community because there are all types of people here who struggle with alcohol and everyone here appreciates others' struggles without judgement. You share so much kindness and wisdom with each other.    ..Enjoy the weekend everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I think that my friends who argue that I don't have a problem just try to justify their own drinking. If I have a problem it could mean they have one themselves.....I will not drink with you today :-)
I'm amazed at some of the counseling responses that you read about on here. Alcohol is a hard habit to break. Just do your best to break the habit. Sounds like you know what is best for you. Personally I just left my old friends behind and grabbed some new hobbies. The one I like the most is tennis. Now 5 months later I am starting to become friends with an entirely new crew of people. When they ask about getting drinks I go out and don't drink. Nobody knows me any other way. It is much easier this way. Keeping the old friends can be challenging. 
Saw another post with a therapist downplaying a drinking problem and someone pointed out that the *therapist* might be a drinker. That was an interesting speculation. ..It seems to me that you are the one in the best position to decide the amount of alcohol that is right for you. 
People are ignorant about problem drinking willfully or not on a scale I never would have imagined before I stopped. It's surreal. ..The therapist thing boggles my mind the most--not because most doctors are well trained in addiction because they are not--but because her job is to take you seriously and listen very closely. ..If indeed you feel that you will get along well with her and be able to be honest you could revisit this on your next session and talk about how you were confused when you brought up your concerns and she downplayed them. It's something you've thought deeply and extensively about and yet she didn't trust your take; she undermined it. I think that's worth addressing if only to set a good tone for continual frankness between you.
"everything we judge in others is something within ourselves we don't want to face" - google images
It seems there's a lot of alcoholism in academia. Smartest guy I know is a closet drinker. I always wonder if he's even smarter if he didn't drink. It's not obvious in his academics but it's harmed his relationships. His brother is similar. I have another friend facing the same problem but with heroin. He's also working at a great college and is some kind of genius. A Beautiful Mind is a great movie but a nightmare in real life.
Someone else on here said something to the effect that counselors or therapists might display an attitude of seeming indifference in an attempt to drive the person being counseled to decide for themselves that this is important...Following a DUI I had one counselor tell me I was alcohol dependent and another counselor tell me I was an extreme problem drinker but not necessarily an alcoholic.  Counselor two said I can try controlled drinking.  Of course I went with counselor two.  These are obviously two completely different courses of action and inconsistent advice...I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
