-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/793bip/4_months_in_and_already_planning_my_relapse/

I have been sober for almost 4 months. I think the only thing keeping me sober is not wanting to reset my clock if I start drinking. I think about drinking sometimes and think *no I don't want to be that person again*. It's an inward cringe because I remember all of those bad feelings and memories. Yet I still think fondly of being drunk and remember how fun it was. I honestly don't know if that will ever change. I don't call myself an alcoholic and it feels sometimes like I got sober because I had to and not because I wanted to...So I have a friend that said she would come visit me in 2018 and I automatically was making plans on bar-hopping. I haven't seen this friend in years and we have no history of drinking together.  My BF is like "what are you doing? I think you need to stay strong with this etc" and I got really irritated with him and told him that it was none of his business and I wasn't sober for him. ..After getting some sleep I feel a bit ashamed. Definitely going to apologize to him today. He is such a good person for trying to talk sense into me. I think I know deep down that if I drank with her it wouldn't stop at the bar and I would be using her as an excuse to relapse. Sometimes I feel like I should just stop fighting it. I think If I can quit for 4 months then maybe I can control it. I wonder if I am always going to be this way or if I will ever find some peace.
----------immediate responses--------

It's easy to remember the fun times with alcohol...But it's important to remember the bad stuff that went along with it.....Might be a good time to go over all of the reasons that made you want to stop in the first place.
There's a reason likely lots of them that you wanted to stop. When you're reminiscing about how much fun it was play the tape forward in your mind all the way to those consequences.  I relapsed twice before it stuck this time. Both times were a result of this kind of thinking. Now if those thoughts of longing come up I think forward to the embarrassment and despair that soon followed that prompted me back into recovery. 
Powerful!  I make apologies as fast as I notice!..Congratulations!
Have you read This Naked Mind? I was sober for 3 months started drinking again with total moderation at first. 4 years later I'm drinking every day occasional blackouts fighting with my wife bad anxiety and depression etc. Now what I realize I was missing then was I didn't reprogram my subconscious which had all these positive thoughts and associations about how fun and relaxing and a treat alcohol was for me. Your subconscious will wear you down over time if you don't address those deeper thoughts and attachments. I really didn't realize how programmed I was from society ads and years of watching family and friends drink. This is what This Naked Mind will help reprogram. So if you haven't read that yet allow me to be a little nudge to do so :) but congrats on staying strong!!
I think that just you writing and sharing about this will take some of the power out of those thoughts. It's kind of like being in a trance. In fact that's all it is... a very convincing trance. And talking about it helps you break through...These trances seem to come in phases. During month two I had similar thinking. Crossing over into month three it all eased up again. I'm sure it's just something we have to be aware of that it can happen any time but each phase does end. ..Hopefully when it comes around again I'll try to see it as a phase talk about it and not give in to the ideas in the mind.
I got sober for about 30 days 15 months ago. I though "yes! I can stop anytime I want. No problem here" 15 months later I realize I cannot control it. .When I was sober for that 30 days I remember planning my relapse. I was on a trip for work and away from home for 2 nights. I got drunk and over the course of 15 months was drinking more than ever before. I wish I had never took that one drink. I was so close and doing pretty well before that. Im clawing my way back..Remember what brought you to 115 days in the first place. 115 is a great accomplishment! So lets not drink to that!
Oh sweet Jesus am I in your boat...I just want to feel buzzed again and fuck am I ashamed for feeling this way. Life's throwing an awful lot of low balls right now. *sigh...* ..We'll get through this it's just a rainy day to an otherwise sunny destination. 
