-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/793y6g/do_we_need_to_be_validated_as_alcoholics_by_our/

I am struggling a bit today. Going into the weekend is going to be tough but I know I can do it...I am a father of three kids my youngest daughter was born about 6 weeks ago. So my wife and I are dealing with a new born and two other kids (12 yo boy and 6 yo girl) and its stressful. My wife quit her job in june and I have been the sole income earner. I have a day job and a part time night job to keep things moving along...Anyway. I tried to admit to my wife about 15 months ago that I was an alcoholic and she dismissed it and told me I didn't have a problem. Other people in my family said the same thing...I am so grateful for the support Ive already been getting here but the trouble is I feel like I need some understanding and support from people in my immediate circle. I feel like early sobriety is so tenuous and the stress of work and family are triggers that lead me to drink (you've worked so hard today you deserve a beer!). I am not asking that they take my responsibilities away but I do want some understanding especially from my wife that this is real and its hard...I am afraid to bring it up to her mostly because I am afraid she will dismiss it as nothing. I know its real but for her to dismiss it may tip me back over the edge. I fear it may be the only rationalization I need to drop off and pick up a case on the way home from work tonight...Does anyone have any experience with this? How did you have these conversations and did you ultimately get the support you needed?..EDIT: Told my wife tonight that I am done drinking. I let her know that I just wasn't happy with how drinking has been effecting me and I think my drinking is problematic. She looked at me like she was relieved. Sort of like I was hoping you would but she would never tell me too because she didnt know how bad it was. We didnt talk about it anymore but I feel better knowing she knows Im trying to change.
----------immediate responses--------

My husband is the only person I told.  We have had some ups and downs with it.  Right now he is being very supportive though.  He is also not drinking.  Why do you think your wife dismissed it?  I see no reason not to support someone's desire to stop doing something that is problematic for them.
Nope. My bf is the only one who knows how bad my problem is and we never refer to it as alcoholism. I think we need to do it for us. Validation is an outside source. The people close to us may already know but do we really need to drag it out. I talk with my bf about emotions but not the symptom which is drinking. But everybody is different.  
You wrote that you are the sole provider at the moment. Could it be that she is scared?  Sometimes when I am scared I dismiss uncomfortable things as nothing because I don't want to face the truth.
Support is essential...I didn't saddle my family with more weight and concern when I quit.  I'd already put enough stress on everything by being impaired.  ..I saw a counselor and went to meetings.  ..I got support and tools from people with whom I had no familial relationship.  That was important in several ways:  they don't have to live with me and all the web of expectations that accompany that; they could be open and honest with me in a manner that a family member can't.  For instance how about this question: "honey does this dress make my ass look big?" (Or any similar topic)...In essence it isn't "fair" to expect them to be my recovery network.  They didn't make me consume the alcohol. I shouldn't expect them to make me better...Family don't want to "see" the problem.  They prefer to dismiss or minimize it...Have you tried meetings?
I know I am only on day 5 but yes the one time I brought it up they laughed said you only drink a bit your fine. I never talked about it again except to myself. You have to quit for you and your kids. When offered that beer "its ok not really thirsty" or something. Or make sure you have a glass of water already in your hand. I will see what excuse I make this weekend when offered whiskey on ice - yum and say no thanks.
If something is really bothering you or you're in pain is she empathetic? If so maybe presenting it differently could evoke a different response. Sometimes I think people misunderstand the disclosure ("I think I have a problem") and reflexively try to make you feel better by saying you *don't* have a problem. If that was her motivation you might say something like "My drinking was keeping me in a lot of pain."..There's no opening for her to "disagree" with that; it's your truth. And I would set the stage for her to take you seriously by introducing it seriously when she's not distracted: "I have something important I need to talk to you about." It may be hard to find a moment when she's not distracted or tired so you could orchestrate a whole "let me take the baby and you take a bath--when you're done I need to talk about something important with you."..When she's present and you've explained the fact of your pain then describe your fears (of failing without the support of the person you trust and love most) and ask her to support you. Explain that you are not asking for labor but that just knowing she's in your corner is strengthening. ..Good luck! I hope she hears you and that a whole big weight slides right off your shoulders..
My SO is supportive but he also said he never noticed me having a problem. Granted I did a lot of drinking when he wasn't around. (I get home from work 2 hours earlier than he does.)..Thing is we're sneaky. The folks I went out for happy hour with didn't see how much I drank when I got home. The folks at home didn't see how much I drank when they weren't around. Nobody knew just how heavy my pours were or if I had something extra in my coffee. I never really outright LIED...but I was sneaky. I made a lot of effort to keep it on the down low so no wonder they didn't realize. ..My advice is don't label yourself or your issue. Just ask for what you need. "I need you not to offer me a drink after work can you do that for me?" or whatever it is. Take it one day at a time. I bet they will see the difference soon enough and like the new you. 
Yeah wow it can be hard when those closest to us don't get it. In my case my immediate family wasn't hard to convince because they saw the worst of it but many of my friends simply didn't believe I had a problem because I was very good at hiding it...One thing you might try is to emphasize your goal---"I am not comfortable with my drinking and have decided to quit" rather than on trying to get your wife to agree that you are "an alcoholic". The alcoholic label is such a heavy thing with all sorts of stigma attached to it (right or wrong fair or unfair...it's true) and she may be reacting to that and missing the very real pain and struggle that you're facing.
For me I kept it from everybody even my husband so it's been a little bit difficult to explain to him fully. But he's understanding it now that I'm much more open about the struggle. I also think that just as many of us have trouble admitting we have a problem so too do our loved ones. It's a shock! People have preconceptions about how alcoholism *should* look. The 80k of us here prove it looks a lot of different ways. ..
I have an online therapist and I get the support I need there. My husband is happy I quit but isn't really interested in hearing about it nor did he think I had a serious problem.  Could be an option!
