-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/795jrx/i_caved_and_drank_again_different_this_time/

Hello all here's hoping everyone is having a good day. Long post ahead tl;dr before that if you don't want to read a wall of text. ..Tl;dr - Relapsed for a 3rd time after a 5 month sobriety lied about it to my girlfriend and now I'm going to be homeless have no family and the girl I love more than anything hates my guts and probably sees me as the same scumbags who've hurt her in the past. If anyone has any advice I'm more desperate than I've ever been before...So like the title says I relapsed and it's the third time. I started a little over 7 months ago made it one month then made it to 5. About 3 weeks ago it happened again after a lot of family stuff has been coming up and I'm addressing a lot of personal demons in my past. So I made it 3 weeks caved again and then hid it from my girlfriend but have been up front and honest about everything else. I hid it because I was extremely ashamed of myself because I knew I could have stopped myself but I didn't. I caved because I wanted to not because I didn't have control over myself. We were moving in together both of us had quit our shitty jobs and had new better higher paying jobs and things were looking up. Why not celebrate one last time before I say goodbye forever? Why not give myself a little leeway? I made the mistake woke up the next morning with a horrible realization of what I did and desperately scrubbed my mouth out to get rid of that awful taste and smell. She smelled it right away and I panicked. I had no idea what to say and so I told her there was vanilla in my coffee from the morning which is something I do on an almost daily basis. She didn't buy it but she also didn't call me out on the lie. Instead she waited a few days for it to seethe until she did call me out on it in an angry tirade where now every time I've said that has been brought into question and whether or not my previous bits of sobriety were just lies. And my reaction was to double down on a lie that I already knew she saw through. I was scared and desperate and my life was finally looking up for the first time in years and I just sat there and watched another burning fire of hope die out into muck and shit. She's always had trust issues due to shitty friends and shitty parents and even though I'm almost always honest with her I just couldn't stop myself. And even though I've tried like hell to fix my garbage lies are something she doesn't stand for. She's now telling me she wants me to find somewhere else to live and I'm worried I've completely ruined the only good thing in my life. I have 3 days before I have to vacate my apartment have no family because I cut ties with them for the issues that came up recently and I'm more lost than ever before. Thinking I might just quit my job and troll along the coast until I run out of money or I crash. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Im sorry to hear this man...I dont really have any advice out of the box. I wish your girl could read this and know how you feel. You sound like a good guy.
I'm really sorry to read this.  I could have written this post.  I've been there and I know that it sucks.  
You may be in a really tough place right now but this rock bottom is a perfect launching point for success. In every unfortunate event is an opportunity. You may have relapsed again and that sucks. Believe me I know. But allow me to shift your frame a bit. In the last 8-12 months you have drank less than you did the year before probably. That in itself is a major step forward...Ok yes you lied and that is bad. But let's look towards some of the positives. You have identified why you lied how you felt about it and why you drank in the first place. The pieces of the solution are here for you now to finish the puzzle. This very moment is incredibly valuable as you now had the opportunity to break a cycle and to break feeling shitty. ..I wish you the best of luck on your journey and I hope you can come clean and be honest with your significant other. No things won't heal immediately but it will start the healing process. ..I won't drink with you today friend.
Sorry friend. Lying and deception were part of my drinking ways. A habit. Habits are very difficult to break. Especially when you are fighting this addiction. Fear makes us do things we don't want to. Are you seeing a doc/therapist? Are you in a group? There might be more support irl than you realize. Be well.
OK let's focus on that last sentence..You need to get your head onto safety and security and don't go bumming around the coast..It's not reasonable to give someone 3 days to leave. Is your name on the lease?.If you get caught homeless it will take you months if not years to recover.don't quit your job.Worst case find a local sober living facility and get a room.Keep it together bro the rest of your life depends on this!
