-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/799p56/deleted_always_feels_so_sad/

I was going back through some old comments looking for something I had written and see replies I made to [deleted].  I'm always so sad to see those posts - someone was so hopeful so determined.  Then they gave up and were ashamed of trying to stop and deleted their account - no way to reassure them it gets better...Often when I see people relapse my comment is a simple "I'm glad you're back" but that doesn't adequately describe my feelings.  I was embarrassed to admit I had a problem and the first time I relapsed I was mortified... I wanted to disappear and tell myself I wasn't up to this I was a loser.  But I got so much feedback from the moment I reset my badge on that I realized I could do it - the accountability is there but it's backed up with warmth and kindness and a truly deeply genuine desire by everyone here to see everyone else here succeed...Thank you for convincing me not to be [deleted] SD.  
----------immediate responses--------

I hope they're over whatever speedbump they might have hit.  Honestly I hope the best for everyone.  Cheesy but true...If they want to post again we are all here!..Not drinking with anyone tonight. 
Yes when I notice the absence of familiar names it gives pause...My mind jumps to speculation and then I have to let it go and hope the best for them...Alcohol has a plan - destroy my relationships ruin my life and kill me...Sometimes the order varies...Hey- Great Palindrome!  Last of your Year One!!..
Awww I agree! The deleted accounts always bring feelings of  No you CAN do it!' in me. There are also people I think of who were very active when I first joined that I don't see posting anymore. My hope is they are still here but not posting. One person in particular used to greet EVERY new person. Every single one! ..I'm so happy you are here!!
That really is sad. 
I feel the same way. There was a person who was on the same day as me and we often commented on eachothers posts.I relapsed and didn't come back for a bit but when I did I looked for that person and they had deleted. I was sad. I hope they are maybe back and under a different username. We are all in this together good bad or ugly. 
I go through spells of being more active and spells of lurking.  It depends on how I'm feeling.  But I still get on here very often.  It really helps my sobriety.  I also get sad when people I really thought would be around delete their accounts.  
Nah no losers here really.  Just humans trying to live their best lives.
