-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79gie9/struggling_today_a_lotfeel_so_alone_right_now/


----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone! We are here and we totally "get" the struggle.
Give yourself some TLC on the tough days.  Redbox something good get some greasy food or a half gallon of ice cream or both.  Or go get a massage or something like that.  Just get yourself through today because today is what matters and today I will not drink with you. 
We're here.  You are definitely not alone...Any nice treats or indulgences you have lined up for yourself today?  I am finding that being extra kind and treating myself to special things helps me *a lot*.  You are worth treating yourself in extra-special ways.  .
Drinking will not make you feel less alone just drunk. Steel yourself commit to making the right decision. Do something that is an investment in yourself - you'll never regret it.
I find it helpful to read others post and learn what works for them. There is a lot of knowledge here from others that have gained  a lot of success in their fight for sobriety. I would also recommend "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. It's available for download for free on the side bar. Stay strong. You can do this. IWNDWYT.
You are so not alone - there are thousands of people here who care about you and what your are feeling. Treat yourself to something fun today. Use the money you've saved by not drinking. Wishing you success on your journey.
Glad you're here.  You're not alone...I get a lot of real life support from caring people at meetings.  Tried that?
You aren't alone!! It's hard at first. Just take one day at a time. I see some great tips already posted for keeping busy/distracted when the urge to drink strikes. ..It does get better. You can get through this. Keep reading and posting. ((Hug))
I get that feeling. It only fueled my compulsion to numb it out with alcohol. Keep sober and know that you are absolutely not alone. People here care about you.
I felt great this am then my ex showed up and my mood changed not for the better. The stuff on tv I was watching suddenly I couldn't watch. Then I found old reruns of Bob Ross painting shows. I was happy as a clam for the next 3 hours while doing laundry. I will not drink with you today. 
