-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79kad8/cant_stop_drinking_on_weekends/

I don't drink every day but at least once a week I will go out and get drunk even though I really don't want to anymore. And when I say drunk I mean slaughtered. Once I've had one drink I will not stop until I'm physically unable to carry on happily spending money I really can't afford to waste and blacking out every time. I've woke up with teeth missing cuts on my face from collapsing repeatedly woke up in random hotel rooms with no knowledge of how I got there and so much more. I even once was so pissed I managed to pass out on the back of a moped causing me to pull the driver over making us crash. ..I'm 23 now and ever since I was 15/16 I've been drinking every week but never saw it as a problem until this year when I realised I didnt like drinking anymore but keep doing it anyway particularly t he past couple months when I've really been trying to stop. It's the same story every week;..- Go out Friday/Saturday.- Spend the next few days feeling almost embarrassed for getting drunk.- Convince myself this is it I'm not drinking anymore.- Do it all again..My hangovers are insane now aswell they last like 2 or 3 days I struggle sleeping feel brain dead and get weird like hallucinations. I got alcohol poisoning recently from drinking to much at a festival and even almost lost my job earlier this year from 'going for one drink' even though I knew I shouldn't which lead to drinking all night and not showing up. I also spent 2 and a half months drinking all day every day while travelling a few years ago which lead to panic attacks and insomnia for a long time after. ..I'm starting to think I suffer from alcoholism but I'm too embarrassed to talk to someone and know better than to simply diagnose myself off Google even though I fully fit the description...Sorry for rambling I don't really know where I'm going with this. I just needed somewhere to say something because it's really eating me up inside...:(
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you mean about not wanting to talk to someone you know about it. I can't speak for what works for anyone else but once I decided that I wanted to stop drinking at least for a while (not moderate I don't do moderation) I found this sub to be just what I needed. Easy to jump on and read or post whenever I started to talk myself into a drink. If you're stuggling with defining yourself as an alcoholic and not wanting to rely on Dr Google maybe consider a visit to a GP? Whatever you pick just remember there's a crazy amount of support to be had here :)
One of the first things that resonated for me is when a seasoned member of an AA group I attend told me that black out drinking is not normal drinking. Normal drinkers tend to have 1-2 drinks before they start feeling sleepy and retreat home. People who have no off-switch aka alcoholics are energized by alcohol so they can just keep going and going until their body fails. ..I was drinking and blacking out about 90% of the time. I would try to avoid facing what I did or what I said but ultimately even avoiding it led me to feel incredibly anxiety-ridden and depressed. ..I know I only have seven days. But I can tell you with full certainty that I would not be here if I hadn't sought out support from my friends family and other sober people. Your family and friends are more concerned than disappointed with you trust me. There are so many people who want to help you. But they can't if you don't want to help yourself. Please try getting help. 
Well coming here is a first good step and you have just spoke to this community about your drinking.  Another good step.  Have you looked into local support groups AA SMART Recovery Life Ring etc.  Once I realized that alcoholism is a disease and it you have a disease (diabetes or what ever) you seek medical assistance well this really is no different.
Take your time. It takes a lot of strength and courage to admit to even yourself that you have a problem.  You're in the right place and on the right track. I'm here too. :) We all are. 
It's taken me years to acknowledge the fact that I'm a full-blown alcoholic. I finally reached my breaking point two weeks ago. I actually started telling my loved ones that I'm an alcoholic and am spinning and scared. I've received a lot of support since I opened up. I understand that right now you might not be ready to tell your loved ones but I would bet that it would ease some of your burden if you knew you weren't alone in this. Wishing you the best in this life. Xxx
The good news is that you don't need to label yourself an alcoholic in order to stop drinking. 
I was a huge binge drinker on the weekends. Only after I got some distance did I realize that shit was effecting me my day to day life more than I ever realized. It hasn't been easy for me but it has been worth it! You don't have to keep feeling this way my friend.     
Sounds almost the same as me only I don't really seem to find myself falling over or injured or doing that kind of stuff. But I sure have woke up in some crazy places. One was waking up alone the bed of these two girls in an apartment in some random rough suburb of Bangkok in Thailand had no recollection of going there and certainly don't speak any Thai ! I was real hungover too! ..I have been going on cycle of starting drinking and stopping for a long time now I basically only ever drink on weekends and spend a couple of days recovering. The longest I've gone before was 2 and a half months or so. I've only just started the sober journey again a couple of days ago and I'm hopeful that this one is the one. I haven't taken giving up seriously for a long time. Today I downloaded a couple of books - this naked mind and russel brands new book on recovery. I also joined the 30 day alcohol experiment made by the author of this naked mind. I have been looking at SMART recovery groups local to me  which offer cognitive behaviour therapy. I think they could be helpful. I'm also looking at AA groups but unsure as to whether I'll use them or not. 
PS - if you are questioning whether or not you have an alcohol problem you probably do . Alcoholism is generally not being able stop once you start. People usually have this idea in their head of what an alcoholic is the guy that drinks from 10am every day and is completely physically dependant on it but I think an being alcoholic is basically when alcohol causes problems in your life. It doesn't really have a specific definition. It sounds like you drink like me and I've known I've had an alcohol problem since I was about 16 or 17 and I'm now 29. 
