-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79l8nj/one_year_sober_to_one_year_relapse_day_one/

Hello everyone ..I just want to share my story because my only extended period of sobriety this sub was my outlet and I thank you all for it...In October of 2015 I quit drinking and it was the best year of my adult life. In that year I went from 220 lbs to 175. I finally graduated from college (5.5 years thanks to my old friend Jack). I got the job I had wanted and was set to move across the country and everything was fantastic. I could say my girlfriend or friends at the time pressured me but as we know that is a bunch of bs.. I thought I could handle it.. I thought after a year what's a drink or two; I knew how good sober life is so I thought I can celebrate my success with a drink or two and go back to sobriety after.. ..One year later here I am.. back up to 215 lbs living in a constant state of regret even though I haven't majorly screwed up and I know I am one bad night from a serious mistake. I have to say taking those couple of drinks was the worst decision I have ever made. The ole slippery slope got me those two drinks turned into more and more and now I am back on a destructive habit that is literally stealing my energy and my happiness. I drink to feel normal and that is exactly what I did not want to happen...I drank this afternoon and I swear it will be my last.. I miss life. I miss my tenacity.. and I am not going to let this control my life any longer. It seems like I have a tough road ahead being in the sales industry but I just have to remember that ordering iced tea is my best option and that I won't be offending anyone if I don't drink. If anything I will appear ambitious in my career...Thats all I have for now but my guinea pig year of being back on the booze is over and I cannot wait to see what 2018 has in store for my sober and serene mind...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your share. It shows how we can think we're "cured" but easily end up back in the clink. ..Get back on it. Things can get so much worse.
Maybe just swear it's your last for today... then swear to not drink tomorrow when it comes. One day at a time makes it all more doable. Welcome back!
It's crazy what our alcoholic minds will tell us. I guess we have to be vigilant about those voices and recognize the fact that we have a disease and there's just no way we can drink. ..You can get back to where you were when you felt alive and well. It'll just take time and effort. But try not to be hard on yourself. We all fall.
It is scary how I can go from 3 months of sobriety to getting completely smashed every night within the course of a week. Especially when being sober felt so good...I am looking forward to 2018 as well!
Needed this right now thank you! Isn't it crazy how our brain can trick us to celebrate being sober by... Drinkimg booze again? Good luck for 2018 you got this!!
Firstly well done on doing a year. I done 8 weeks and the last two weekend have binged! Ordered take aways both nights and just feel my brain frazzling as we speak!..But at least we know what sober life feels like and I think that gives us more of a push to seek that life again. I won't drink with you today. 
Congrats for making it back here! You know the drill; one day then suddenly one week then woosh. You've got this and we're here for you!..
Welcome back and thank you for sharing your story. For me alcohol stole my energy and happiness too. Good news is I stole them back and I'm keeping them. :)..
Best of luck to You!
Did the same thing October to October but I think '15 - '16. Bought a bottle of scotch thinking is just moderate here I am again.
Your story is soooo similar to mine. I feel ya. I'm also just getting back on the wagon trying to re-lose that booze weight. You can do it and I'll do it with you. ..Let's not drink just today. 
&gt; If anything I will appear ambitious in my career...Great point! Would not have thought of that.
Thank you for sharing this. That ole slope sure looks slippery. I believe everyone's slope is different. I don't know exactly how slippery mine is but I sure don't want to find out. The risk is too high so I just keep back from that edge. Welcome back   Sounds like you know what to do. Rooting for you. 
I also got sober in October 2015. And probably every day I have that thought "I could celebrate with just one drink..." but for one reason or another or the grace of God or all above I don't drink and I know I can't. I will not drink with you today
I always appreciate these stories.  Reminds me there's no safe amount and I strive to remember this every day.    I'm glad you changed course before it got too bad.  Welcome back to the good life.
You just won't not be offending anyone by not taking a drink more importantly you will loving yourself by doing that.
You've done it once that means you can do it again!  Im right here with you. Iwndwyt 
  Thanks for sharing. ..  One day at a time and the next year will be so much better ..
This is just what I needed to read today. I view not drinking as being one of the best decisions of my life and I worry about what would happen if I started back up. Thanks for your insight it is truly helping others. Looking forward to seeing your success!
