-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79lt2w/my_story_for_those_willing_to_listen/

  I started drinking at 17 at a party in high school. It was a few glasses of beer because I wanted to know what being drunk felt like since my s/o and friends all drank so I thought hey I'll try it too. Also throw in the fact that I suffer from depression and anxiety and extreme feelings of self hate at times and it's an even more toxic mixture. I say started because I never stopped since then. ..I slowly but surely ramped up my alcohol usage. I would make plans based on whether or not I'd be able to drink and worried more about the booze than actually building lasting and important relationships with friends. Going to parties and drinking finding any excuse to drink for the most part and hiding it from my Mom. .. Ever since I started drinking I've cheated on people gotten arrested and made people feel uncomfortable or unsafe while in my drunken binge drinking stupor. Ive blacked out on couches or the floors of dirty motels and garages that I didn't know how I got there. I've fallen and hurt myself and I have the scars to prove it. I've hooked up with people whom I proceed to never speak to again and as a result felt like an even worse person. Ive lost many jobs from being too hungover to go into work or just general apathy. Ive struggles academically because Ive been hungover in class after a long night of partying. I've lost friendships and relationships and as a result grew even lonelier and used even more alcohol to cope. Binge problem drinking is funny in the fact that one can pretend for weeks that everything is okay and maybe not touch a drink but when I do decide to start drinking I'm not stopping..      . The few people who I've been candid about the fact that I have a drinking problem worry about me so much and I hate that I'm letting them down. Last week a friend of mine told me candidly that some people were talking about me and the way that I get when I drink and it just shook my world. I don't want to be a bad person. I want to respect people and I want people to respect me. I didn't drink last night because I was still so shaken up by this conversation. I stayed in bed all day today with an emotional hangover just thinking about my past actions and sleeping alternating all day. I know that if I never started drinking I wouldn't have these problems. I want to be better. I want my friends and my family to love me and know that I love them. I want to be a contributing member of society and help people. I will not drink today. I'm an alcoholic and I admit that now. ..Thanks for hearing me out.
----------immediate responses--------

"emotional hangover"....yeah I know the feeling. Caring is hard. It's risky. It takes effort and there will probably be pain as a result sometimes...I have a loooong way to go but I get great relief in those moments that I listen to the part of me that knows the truth. It's always been there. I knew how I acted around people when I was drunk. I knew any night I picked up one could be a bender ending in blackout hangover anxiety about what I might have done or said and so on. I knew it was harming my health. But I didn't listen. At best I would say "yeah I'll get to it later." ..I think we all of us know inside what our truth is. Nothing metaphysical just what our core beliefs tell us. We usually know what the right thing to do is in the vast majority of important situations. It's just acting on it takes a little effort. It is a huge relief though...I hope you don't let drinking become the validation for negative feelings about yourself. Don't give up! I'm certain you have a lot to offer the world. If nothing else hang out with us a while. Good luck and welcome
I couldn't beat it alone.  I did with support!..Alcohol interfered with my aspirations.  Removing it improved my life...Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  I kept going and the benefits appeared!..I got sober.  I live sober and happy.
I am also admitting that I'm an alcoholic today. I was too ashamed to admit that before. I'm hoping this is a turning point. 
