-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79lzxn/another_weekend_i_failed/

Like post said I done nearly 8 weeks without any drink and felt so much better. Didn't once wake up one morning feeling dread or regret like I do this morning. Anxiety through the roof..So I'm going to check out some local aa meetings near me and try get to one today. I'm sick of this pattern. ..Has anyone else had multiple attempts at quitting? How do you get through the relapse?.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh yes I certainly had multiple attempts! ..For me it took a long time to get to why I kept relapsing. .(I had other issues to deal with that caused anxiety/fear/anger)..I used alcohol to mask or escape from the issues I had...Once I was desperate enough to really want change I worked on ME - on finding the solutions. ..For me going to AA was part of the solution for me that worked. I went and relapsed (like I said because I had other stuff I needed to deal with) but I was able to keep going back in and they loved on me until I was ready...I recently found this subreddit and added it to my arsenal of tools and friendships that help me stay sober today...Some people "get it" and don't relapse. For me - even though I'm smart - I needed to go out and try some controlled drinking in order to figure out that it wasn't worth it...Today I want to live - and thrive. Keep seeking don't give up - there are solutions and you can do this. :)..
Thank you. ..I've never done aa before so maybe it might help. The pros of not drinking certainly out do the cons of drinking. ..
I did a lot of talking myself into continuing drinking as my problem got worse   it took a lot of rethinking what I'd conditioned myself to believe before I could accept alcohol was really better left in my past. And yes that involved failed experiments at moderation which proved beyond all measure that drinking really wasn't doing anything that was good for me any more...I'm currently approaching the six months sober that I first set out to achieve almost two years ago but I'm pleased to say that   though it's been painful and not always straightforward!   I'm pretty safely an ex-drinker at this point. I don't think these six months alone have done that   it's the combination of and contrast between them with the rollercoaster time preceding them from when I first decided it had to stop  for a while'.  ..What has been different about these six months is I've realised that not drinking alone isn't going to cut it.  I've constantly added more tools and strategies   both for when I've felt vulnerable for a relapse and as importantly living a better life in general   that keep me moving forward.  I have no intention of going back to drinking now though that was my original objective!..I hope you can forgive yourself learn from this one and move forward too.  Short term tips for getting through the relapse   drink water eat what you fancy read loads here to keep your mind distracted from circling round beating up on yourself.  Identify more tools you can try and see what helps   looking for local meeting is a great idea so are new sober hobbies (I got exhausted trying to make everything I did about not drinking   I needed light relief too and met some great new people).  ..If I can do you you can   I thought I was a hopeless case but in the end I've just got up one more time than I fell down.  Best wishes.  
Thank you for taking the time to comment. .I'm going to really try hard this time and just focus on all the benefits of not drinking and get some positive vibes back I to my life. ..Well done on the 6 month mark. That's amazing. 
[removed]
