-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79nqjd/ugh_bad_case_of_the_mondays/

Hello SD family. ..On Friday when the Vent-O-Matic appeared I came up with nothing at all to vent about. ..But oh boy this morning. Grump grump grump. ..I think this crabby mood is a result of too much focus on myself. Still spending a lot of time thinking about NOT DRINKING and reading / commenting on this sub ... which I enjoy but it does feel like a bit of an obsession sometimes and it is crowding out other activities...Also I recently decided to really get to work on the TWENTY POUNDS I gained in the past 10 months or so (on a small frame). So I've also had a lot of focus on food planning what to eat tracking what I eat measuring etc. ..I still am working raising my family doing stuff around the house planning for the holidays having a social life etc.  but not making as much progress as I feel I should. Feel like I am treading water in most areas while I struggle with what / what not to put in my damn mouth. ..All this focus on fixing myself for over 3 months now is getting boring to me and probably others. (Not that I talk about it with others but I'm not reading much or doing tons of *other* interesting things so I feel I don't have much to talk about.)  ..That said I know my energy to devote to other pursuits would be better if I can get rid of some of this extra poundage and get back to more frequent regular varied exercise (including just doing more around the house / neighborhood instead of sitting on the couch reading SD). And at the same time the investment in continuing to avoid alcohol--necessary because it was a thirty-year-habit--is of course worthwhile in the long run. ..This is coming out jumbled and I am giving up trying to clarify :-). I guess I'm just looking for a little love / wisdom / encouragement / advice to feel a bit better about the phase I am in right now. ..Got anything for me gang? 
----------immediate responses--------

What could you do that would be funnnnnn? Like silly awesome just-your-thing fun? 
I have found it tough to be patient while I heal. I have moved slowly too slowly for my taste to do things. It is a rough patch but my health has a front seat right now. I will be watching this thread for ideas! I won't be drinking with you today!
Hey Street I so agree with our /u/AnnieNotAnnabelle about finding the *fun* things to do..... And I love the idea of playing that Rock n Roll while driving - especially in your zippy little car :) ..Focusing on the things you enjoy doing while not drinking rather then focusing on the Not Drinking so you can do the things you enjoy.... if that makes sense   If you can somehow take the power away from thoughts of alcohol (&amp; food) &amp; give yourself some time out - it sounds like you are putting a lot of pressure on yourself lovely lady to make "things" look or feel a certain way..... Can you practise some mindfulness &amp; be in the moment... "catch" yourself doing something enjoyable - it might just be reading a book hitting that guitar chord just right or finding a yoga pose that feels soooo good - catch that moment &amp; say to self "self *this* feels good I feel good wow lets do some more of this" lol..Is it time for me to post another Quirky's Gratitude so we can remember together the humorous momentous emotional &amp; mundane reasons we want to live enjoyable sober lives........Sending you love &amp; hugs &amp; positive fun vibes my dear dear friend xxoo
