-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/79ns00/its_been_one_year/

Today it's been a full year since I quit drinking....I really try to not push it in folks' faces (why I haven't posted about it here till now) I'm still happy to go to bars with friends no problem with booze in the house and still love to party....It's been extremely hard at times but even when I've really really wanted a drink there hasn't been a day where I've regretted *not* drinking. I've dropped nearly 30lbs and have more memories than I would have otherwise...~~~..Details:..One year ago I woke up about this time vomiting more than I could imagine. I didn't stop vomiting till sometime the next day. I couldn't stop trembling and I was struggling to move. I was sweating all over incredibly hot and painfully cold. My face was broken out in hives that took weeks to subside. ..Not surprisingly I coudn't remember the details of what happened the night before but I knew I was at a Halloween party and knew I'd made an ass of myself again. Over the prior year my blackouts were increasing and I was increasing the volume and frequency of my drinking. I was consuming between 1.5-2.5 liters of Jim Beam per week and would have three to six double old fashioned's on a random Wednesday and always had multiple drinks after work...My routine was to get home pour a few to take the edge off then pour a big one into a tumbler and take my dog to the dog park. I'd hang out there for an hour or two which would (usually) give me enough time to get my act together enough to present as sober (enough) to my wife. ..I realized that I'd been hiding my drinking from her and that I was hiding my booze behind other bottles on the bar. That is- we kept a full bar at home and I always maintained back stock in case something ran out while we were hosting. That back stock ensured I'd always have plenty to drink and the full bar let me hide my Jim Beam behind other bottles. My wife couldn't see how the level was dropping in the bottle day to day...I've embarrassed myself more than I can count and more than I'll ever remember. I think I was exceptionally high functioning- I rarely let my drinking interfere with work and I was able to drink pretty significant volumes without stumbling slurring or acting out of sorts- up to a point. When that point came and it always did I was instantly a hot mess. ..Fortunately I was always a friendly drunk. I was happy and gregarious never one to drink and get punchy or be abusive in any way but I was way out of hand. I'm happy to be sober today. I feel so much better and I look so much better too. As I said above there have been times (just a couple weeks ago) where I really really wanted a drink but I have never once regretted *not* drinking. ..I don't post much here but I lurk around almost daily reading your posts. Thank you to everyone who posts here for sharing your stories. I won't be drinking with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your year!  Keep up the hard work.
Congratulations on one year and thank you for sharing your story! I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations on a year!
Well done! Do you still go to the dog park in the evening? I can imagine how pleasant the experience must be now with a clear head.
Good for youfor that I will not drink with you today
Congratulations! 
 
Congrats!  Has your wife noticed changes in you as well?
Congrats! I will join your celebration by not drinking with you today!
I'd love to know how your withdrawals have gone?  A lot of people at early stages have a plethora of symptoms ... you might remember how they felt ... could I ask you to describe how you have experienced them ?  
Keep it up.  33 years old.  7-29-2013.  
Congratulations!!
Congratulations - thanks for taking a moment to share your story. Nicely done!!
Congrats! So awesome!  I will not drink with you today!
