-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a0rel/struggling_to_describe_how_im_feeling_but_not_good/

I went sober quietly if you will. By this point most people know I don't drink but almost no one knows the full extent of my addiction. I was drinking as soon as I got up I was at a level of withdrawal where I hallucinated I was always drunk or withdrawing. But no one knew. I hid it well. ..I've been sober five months now and I like this life a lot better. But the problem is I have this false sense that I deserve recognition and sympathy from everyone. It's like I went through this horrifying terrible thing and no one really knows. But I did it all to myself and plenty of people went through horrible things. Why am I deserving? ..I'm in this abnormal psychology class and we're talking about addiction and I just want to shout out: I'm an alcoholic I experienced all of this! I want to sit my mom and dad down and tell them everything I went through. But at the same time I do not want to do that at all...Such a strange frustration. But at least I'm sober. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm going it alone too ( except of course am not now I've discovered this wonderful place) and don't ever envisage telling anyone I know as I am just too ashamed and afraid of hurting them but that is just me personally. I am however learning to be proud of the person I know I can be. Well done on five months and only you know if it's right to tell people especially your parents.
Telling people about my struggle out loud was important in processing all that I had been through. A support meeting of some kind or a therapist might help you with this. In the meantime we validate your struggle here for sure! Congrats on 5 months!
You do deserve recognition and sympathy. The quiet ones just as much as the ones who make damn sure everyone knows it at all times. I am very quiet and private as well. I also have a tendency to question what's so special about me. You haven't been drunk or hungover in six months? Congratulations for being normal asshole.  I sometimes hear myself say. Anyway I don't talk irl to a single person about all this. Somehow coming here is enough. If it wasnt I would try AA and/or those variations or maybe therapy.
We are here listening and cheering you on!   You are not alone :) iwndwyt
This makes total sense to me. I wish people understood but I also wouldn't wish alcoholism on anyone so I guess I just have to deal with people not understanding. I think people don't realize how big of a deal it is to quit drinking when it's something that previously consumed your life. Good job on your sober time! You don't need to share it with the world if you don't want to but if you do want to it's definitely something to be proud of.
I know the feels man. I constantly want to sign into Facebook and tell my story. The biggest reason is I feel like it's a way of apologizing to everyone. They'd read about how I'm recovering from the addiction and be like "so that's why he was a weird asshole the last 2 years ... All is forgiven!"  ..I'm not looking for sympathy but I do often discuss my problem with all my friends. It's my way of defending my self esteem. It's my way of saying "I'm not gross and fat because I gave up on life it's from binge drinking..." "I didn't mean the terrible stuff I said or did to you; it was from drinking. " Telling my addiction story is basically me apologizing to the world from all the awful shit I did that I have to carry on my shoulders for life. 
