-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a7ohe/71_plus_1_does_not_equal_72/

I had 71 months of continuous soberity. (That's just shy of six years.) And during that time I learned a ton of important lessons grew in my career bought a house on my own took up running and eventually ran a marathon and was present for my daughter. But something was still missing. ..At 71 months and one day after discussing it with my best friend for a few months she and I went out for a beer. That led to nearly three years of drinking ranging from fairly well controlled social drinking to fairly uncontrolled private binge drinking at home. Nothing that bad happened but I felt like shit. So last month I decided to quit again. And in the 30 days I've been re-sober I've learned so much more about what I need. I had no idea how grateful I could be for that time spent drinking but I am. ..Here are some of the lessons I've learned in the past 30 days that escaped me during those 71 months:..- for me the label  alcoholic  is unhelpful. I am a person who doesn't drink. ..- for me completely avoiding places where I might be offered a drink leads to me isolating and not developing friendships. Now I'm a 38 year old mom so keep in mind that your mileage may vary here. But the 30/40-something year old moms who are offering me a glass of wine probably don't care if I accept water instead. Friendships are important. And since I'm just a person who doesn't drink I'm fine if you have wine in your glass as long as you hook a sister up with LaCroix. ..- for me and my pattern of drinking I am probably not going to die if I drink tomorrow. During sobriety I struggled with this little voice saying  but you weren't THAT bad.  And I was like STFU little voice if we drink we'll die. Now - and this is exclusively for me - I think little voice is right. Or at least worthy of being heard. Because little voice was speaking its truth and I knew it but I just couldn't reconcile it with what I knew about alcohol and sober people. Now though I think it's ok to acknowledge drinking problems aren't black and white one size fits all. I think it's ok to say that I probably won't die because in my years drinking I didn't really get worse. But   and this is key   I want a hell of a lot more than just to not die. And I can say this to that little voice: when I don't drink I am less anxious less angry better rested nicer... I am a better version of me. I'm GreenTrafficMap instead of YellowTrafficMap or RedTrafficMap. I deserve to be the best me I can be. ..- it is ok to fail in life. Like anyone alcohol issues or not I have some failures in my past. And almost always I've been afraid to try again. Getting sober and drinking and learning and getting sober again has been a great journey. I have learned so much more in 71 + 1 months than I could have in 72 months. If I had instead decided to see my failures as character flaws I would have missed so much of the meat of life. Thank God I tried again. Sobriety is even better this time around. ..- I don't have to be sober. I GET TO be sober. During the last round I was so punitive with my heart. I couldn't drink because I was a loser who screwed herself out of the drinking option. I could only stay sober to prove how strong I am   because I believed there would always be a war. This time though? I could give myself a big fucking hug. Because I am worth taking the time to figure out what really makes my heart ok. The little voices are even worth hearing out. And doing those things might be weird or odd or hard at first but not drinking is one of the ways I can finally love myself. I don't need to drink for the free time travel straight to  I don't give a shit o'clock  anymore because even in my current highly imperfect state... I am worthy of love.  ..Happy sobriety sobernauts! 
----------immediate responses--------

You are so right - this isn't a punishment. I get to be sober - every fucking day!!! Some days kiddo is a nut and my husband forgot to start dinner and that sneaking voice says "you deserve a drink". But that's not true. We both deserve to be the best we can be (and sometimes that means for me hiding for an hour in the upstairs bathroom with a trashy novel and a seltzer water while kiddo and husband figure themselves out). Congrats on 30 days - that's huge! 
So relatable ... thank you for posting this! You are fabulous!..The uncontrolled binge drinking at home is the part I'm really struggling with. Reading everything you wrote really hit home for me. Thanks again. Much love. 
Love this thanks for posting 
Love this; thank you for sharing! 
Awesome that you have gained some insights. I think its important that sobriety is another journey another part of life and being sober for X amount of time doesnt mean that its all figured out. There is always more to learn about yourself and your relationship to alcohol even when you choose not to drink...I like your perspective of not looking at sobriety as a punishment but as something you are choosing for yourself.  The first time I dried up for an extended period of time I did look at it as a punishment. Today I was driving around- feeling pretty damn good and I thought wow that shit was literally killing me sucking joy for everything this isnt punishment- this is freedom.
"I am a person who doesn't drink"..I love this.  You will find that there are so many of us there that do not drink for cultural religious health etc.  For a treat try tonic water with a few drops of high end essential oil in it (I love DoTerra).  I save it for social occasions it feels special the bottles are small enough to fit in my purse and it smells and tastes amazing.  And your right - nobody care what you are drinking (as long as you are not making a A$$ out of yourself.).
this is so strong and beautiful! thank you
Beautifully written and excellent points. I agree with everything you've said especially "I get to be sober." It's truly not a punishment. I will not drink with you today. 
That last one really resonated with me. Thanks for posting. I won't be drinking with you today!
If I start reading this sub I usually read posts for an hour or three. This is one of the best I have read. Very insightful. 
What a wise post. Viewing your choice to recommit to not drinking as a form of self-love rather than self-inflicted punitive deprivation is helpfully insightful. I too know I won't die if I drink. My problem with alcohol was (take note past tense) the dailiness of my habit and the way my desire for two or three glasses of wine every single night began to feel like a sort of prison. I don't like feeling drunk I loved feeling just enough buzz to take the edge off my day. But like you and you expressed it so well I wasn't my best self under the influence. I was a little sloppier in my thinking and the expression of my emotions. I was slowly slowly chipping away at my sense of my own dignity. Though there were no ugly messes there was subtle damage. The times I have turned away from nightly wine tippling--a month here and there over the decades--I have always felt better and stronger and if not happier certainly more content with myself and easier in my own skin. Your reminding us that drinking problems are not black and white help me situate myself amongst this amazingly kind brave and generous group of SDfolks who have stopped or want to stop drinking alcohol. Thank you for taking the time to post. You've strengthened my own resolve and offered a frame that really does work for me. You were exactly what I needed to read tonight.
That "Get to" thing has got me motivated lately too. I don't have to go to work. I get to do something I enjoy and get paid for it. I don't have to take the dog out. We get to go on a walk around the neighborhood. Changed the way you look at things quite a bit. Thanks for sharing! 
You are my hero! Much thanks for the insight and look forward to having the honor of not drinking with you today!
Beautiful. Thank you for sharing! I get to be sober with you!
This is well-written. I loved the GreenTraffic Map metaphor. I've had a similar experience with relapse. I quit and was super hard on myself about absolutely avoiding alcohol. Isolation was a bummer. Then I relapsed. Then quit again. Then relapsed. I feel much more comfortable this time around in my sobriety. I frequent a comedy club where all my friends drink and I just hang out and it's nice knowing I'm actually being funny when I'm sober rather than just thinking I am (we all know that guy/girl). Anyway thanks for the wisdom and keep it up!.
I love your attitude.  You got this mama.  Sober on!
I'm coming up on eleven months and while I'm certain I'll make to the year I've been wondering what happens after that year and the next and the next...You've nailed this on the head for me. I haven't liked the term alcoholic when applied to me. There is no one size fits all. I need a re-framing of why I don't drink and I can certainly relate to what you say. ..The outstanding part of this selfless community where people like you share their insights is that I can use your hard-won insights to selfishly reflect on my own behavior and thinking patterns with the aim to improve my mindset and stay sober long term. I know I don't want to drink but I have trouble remembering why...I want to say THANK YOU for sharing. I'm going to chew over this post as I approach my second sober holiday period. You did so well staying sober for the 71 months and .congratulations on the 30 days. I for one appreciate what you can show me about the future...So proud not to be drinking with you today :).
I'm starting round 2 of outpatient rehab tomorrow and I really needed to read this. Thank you so much for sharing
&gt;But   and this is key   I want a hell of a lot more than just to not die. And I can say this to that little voice: when I don't drink I am less anxious less angry better rested nicer... I am a better version of me...  This resonates. Most of your post resonates...  Here's to being our best selves :)
Wow here I am four days into my fourth bout of sobriety and this is what I really needed to hear. I've never had the right attitude. It's always been a self-pitying "this is life-or-death" mindset even though like you it wasn't. I was capable of moderation I was not an everyday drinker I just had a tendency to overdo it and to obstruct my goals in life. I was always resentful that I had somehow screwed up the glorious feat of consuming alcohol. The truth is that as you said I "get to be sober" now. I can achieve everything I want to achieve fully in control and fully as myself. Thanks for sharing. You've given me such a great perspective!
Thank you 
What a fantastic post thank you so much. I also like that you started each point with 'for me'. Each one experiences the journey differently. I totally agree with the 71 + 1 months. My best friend was a serious alcoholic went to rehab and then relapsed for a while. We were all disappointed and worried until she stopped again and explained the situation just as you did. It really helped her in the long term. I'm not saying all people should start drinking again after a sober stint just to see the flipside of the coin!!! I'm just agreeing with you that it isn't the end of the world to fail and it can have its positives. ..Thanks for sharing!
This is great! Thanks for writing it. ..The black and white one-size-fits-all solutions where "drink again and you'll die" and "you'll always be an alcoholic one drink from the streets" never really clicked with me. ..It gave me a lot of cognitive dissonance because I knew they weren't exactly true--that there's a grey area. But I try/tried so hard to believe them because deep down I don't want to drink...That dissonance just made it easier to ignore all of the *good* advice and justify picking up a drink. 
Yes I really dig your post. Thanks for sharing :) ..Sober on! 
This post is bloody excellent. Nice work.
"for me the label  alcoholic  is unhelpful. I am a person who doesn't drink.".WOW. Thank you so much for that statement. IWNDWYT
This made me tear up in the best possible way. Thank you so much for sharing this. Your last two points especially are ones I need to take to heart.
Great post!
 I get to be sober.  Yes!.. I am a person who does not drink.  Yes!.. Sobernaut.   I love sobernaut!
&gt; I don't have to be sober. I GET TO be sober...I like this.  Thanks!
Hey! You are awesome! Thanks for putting your thoughts down they have helped me today. ..I like myself better sober and I need to be ok with that being the main reason to stay sober. I really struggle with thoughts of good and bad behaviour while drinking. ..If I don't fuck up then 'I must not have a problem' if I do fuck up 'I must be an alcoholic '. ..Truth is I feel great when I'm not drinking. Everything improves. And that's a good thing.
Really nice post and really interesting to hear from someone with your perspective - a former non-drinker who decided to drink again and then decided she was right the first time. I like the lessons you've shared they feel ironed-out by repeated experience. 
Wow! Thank you for sharing such a powerful post! I've never been any good at putting my thoughts into words but it's as if you wrote this for me. Just WOW!   
DAMN!  I suspect that one drink for me would also lead me right back to my wicked ways.   Wow 6 years then just one drink turned everything over.  Alcohol is nasty nasty stuff.  ..Congrats on your accomplishments you GET to be sober that's great.
Unbelievable insight thank you! 
Saved because this really resonated with me. My dam black and white thinking have got me into a lot of bother in the past. You are right. I simply don't have to drink anymore. I don't have to isolate myself or scream alcoholic at people or beat myself up.  ..I just have to not fucking drink. Thank you
Thank you for these words! I won't drink with you today!
Love this post! Everything about it.  I also probably wont die if I drink but like you said that's a pretty low bar for myself and I want more than to just not die and be the best me for myself and my son...IWNDWYT
Love this part:  "I want a hell of a lot more than just to not die"..Thanks!
what a great post.  
Nice. the only reason I like the term alcoholic is because it differentiates from the people that have a 'problem' and the other people who do not who simply do not drink. I am not in the same category of people who just do not drink. I am person who abuses alcohol for a number of reasons and while 'alcoholic' is a broad term I do consider I fall under that umbrella. 
This is one of the best posts I've read on SD...Thank you GTM for sharing I will not be drinking today.
Love this - truly a beautiful way to look at life.
What kind of best friend helps you to drink after 7 years? sorry not my place to comment but.. yeah. 
Yes!! I drank because I was already depressed about a life without love and transformation in it. So even if alcohol wasn't killing me I would still have been without the reasons I think life is worth living. Of course it was killing me too but that wasn't important to me without the other part...Life is not for just getting by.
Wow. This is the best post I've ever read on Reddit. I love everything about it. Congrats to you! I love the 71 + 1 &gt; 72 concept. Well done! 
Great post thank you
Love this post. Thank you 
Thank you SO much for this. i'm sending you my love.
I am late to your party but I really relate to and appreciate your post. Thank you for sharing your thoughts! I have saved this to a file for future reading when I feel weak or low ow hatever...
