-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7a8exd/white_russian_roulette/

At this point I'm good I can say I'm done with alcohol. I feel like I'm pretty safe from a relapse. Mainly due to my wife encouraging me Annie Grace's book and of course reading SD...The only thing that scares me sometimes I still miss the irresponsibility of saying "fuck everything I'm drinking". I feel like sometimes that I drank to punish myself. Almost like it was a protest against life. am I a closet masochist? I guess I'm just fucked up in the head for enjoying my destruction? I didn't really enjoy it though maybe just the idea of doing something that would kill me? Like the worlds slowest game of Russian roulette.....NDWYTD
----------immediate responses--------

Oh yes I connect with the self punishing and destructiveness. Drunk me could do things that I could never dream of sober. I wanted to be destroyed mentally psychologically and physically. I wanted to be permanently damaged. What I could not do to myself I found other people to hurt me as well. I felt some sense of impulsive power that I could not feel sober. I was in so much pain I just got so extreme with it. And yes it's like Russian roulette because I was slowly killing myself and wanting to. That was the darkest time of my life. I really didn't want to die I just wanted to stop the pain and drinking and hurting myself was the only way I knew how. I think we all have that dark side to us my friend. Therapy really helped me. I had a lot of things going on drinking was just the beginning. Keep coming back here and keeping us updated. We support you. 
Yep this is me. My cravings don't look like "gee a beer sounds nice" mine are straight up "Fuck everything! Let's go get absolutely hammered!" Logically I know I doesn't make sense but I feel it instinctually sometimes and at my absolute core. 
Fuck everything; I'm getting the large seasonal ice cream sundae with all the toppings. ..Fuck everything; I'm going to Disney...Fuck everything; I will try planting that lemon tree...Fuck everything; I'm gonna dance!..Fuck everything; I'm painting my door purple...Fuck everything; I'm buying those Legos. ..DO IT. :)
Me too. I did a weird thing on the bus today and imagined what it would be like to live as close as a house I passed was to a bodega and felt nostalgia of being able to be totally strung out hung over or wasted going in with my slippers and pjs on under a huge coat. Like that sounded cozy to me. Comfort destruction pity party zone. 
