-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7abadd/dating_sober/

Dating sober is hard. I'm 7 months sober and my dating life has struggled these past 7 months. I'm 31/m. Drank all of my 20s and every first date I've ever been on always started with "let's grab drinks". It's the easiest thing to do and most girls love it. Takes the edge off especially these days when most of my dates come from online dating/apps. Since I've been sober I went on one ice cream first date with a girl and it worked out for a few dates until she never offered to pay but that's another story. ..First dates for me were always grabbing a few rounds with a cute girl and talking for a couple hours to see if their was chemistry. The second date could be a movie or a comedy show or a hike or some other activity that didn't involve drinking but that first date has always started with a drink. Now I don't know what to do when I ask a girl out. I don't drink coffee so I can't say "wanna get coffee?" Ice cream has been my go-to. But damn I miss the "grab drinks" card. ..Any other sober singles out there? How are you dealing with dating? 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there!..Not single (thank Thor) but here is an idea:..How about editing your dating app(s) profile to specifically say you are looking to hang out with sober people?...Just an idea...:).
You can still say grab drinks.  You've got some time in and obviously don't want to drink.  There's nice places out there that aren't just "get fucked up" bars.  Get her a drink and get you not a drink :-) 
Same. Single 32/f in a city where socialization revolves around fancy wine craft beers and happy hour cocktails. I've had a couple attempts at sobriety this past year and 3/4 ended due to a date. ..My only suggestion is make it known you don't drink. Gets the ones who don't understand 'not drinking' out of the way. Before attempting sobriety I would NEVER go out with a sober guy. I couldn't understand what we would even DO. I have my own problems with alcohol (obviously) and someone who decides not drinking is no fun maybe isn't a good match for you...Maybe there is a sober dating app or meet up in your city? Or maybe surround yourself with healthy granola people they might understand better? Sorry if this isn't much help I still don't know what to do on social situations without drinking relearning that... I guess when I start dating again I'll just want the info front and center tired of dating the same drunk guy over and over. I'd rather adopt 5 cats and be THAT lady than end up in another drunk relationship.
As far as I can tell nobody has a clue about dating. Yep I said it. ..Anyway one small suggestion. Try to think about dating not in terms of two people meeting at a neutral place to discuss mutual things. For example instead of going to a place for the sole purpose of a date go to a place for the place which happens to be the location of a date. So what do you like to do? ..I realize what I've typed is really confusing. So let me do a different example. For example say I like fall festivals. And this weekend happens to have a fall festival. No matter what I would go to the festival even by myself and have a good time. Now I can't say the same about a bar. I would only go to bars to get drunk destructive or to date. So in that sense my happiness depends on something I don't control in a place I don't like anyway. ..For you I don't know what you like where you could work this in but even the smallest thing you take for granted could be a cool date. I had a friend who liked to work in a wood shop. For a date he brought a girl to the wood shop which he was going to anyway and they made something together. It was a more unique and bonding experience than the normal dates and yet it was a place he basically lived in...I wish you the best of luck in the dating world and I won't drink with you today!..P.s. when I said nobody has a clue about dating.... well that includes me as well. Good luck!
I'm the same age as you and doing the online thing a lot. Every girl I talk to right away suggests a hike Disneyland  (In my area I swear most people have an annual pass so it's totally a constant casual visit there) going around to snap photos. Granted I typically attract a bit of an artsy introverted crowd but drinks almost never come up. I've even done super nerdy things like indoor trampoline parks. I like physical activities because it speeds up the bonding and it's low pressure in terms of conversation; we are having fun and our senses are too occupied to care if there's awkward silences. I talk to them weeks or months in advance so maybe our dates aren't as low key as ice cream haha. .. The last first date I did have over cocktails years ago was my worst date ever. The bill was $130 she had 3 cocktails didn't offer to pay her share ditched me early because she ran into friends then had the nerve to call me to ask to hook up. It's sloppy behavior like this that I don't miss. I always felt gross on these dates because they always end the same; drunk and back to the house to hook up. 
It's so hard! 25 F here and one of the best first dates I went on was actually to an art museum. You can talk but also have a distraction if the awkward silence comes up. It can be a couple hour adventure too. I'm a big coffee drinker but even if you don't drink coffee you could still go order tea or a smoothie or even just a water and still chat? And it does help to let them know upfront that you're sober. That way if drinking is a big part of their social life you both know right away that it may not work and not waste time. 
