-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7acsl9/drank_a_bottle_of_wine_last_night/

Feeling super bummed today. Lately I've just been feeling "off". I feel like I'm not doing enough. Which is funny b/c I've managed to get high A's in all my classes this semester in grad school regularly volunteer exercise usually 2-3 times/week keep a nice home. I used to work in finance and back in school switching careers and b/c I'm not busting my butt working 60+ hours a week bringing in tons of money it feels like I'm not doing enough...What do all you guys use as your "off" switch when you need to decompress and escape the world? Exercise is nice but feels like an obligation. ..Struggling here... :(
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Do you have any tv shows you love? Any other hobby like crafting reading etc? Even an at home spa-like treatment like a charcoal mask doing your nails etc. I look forward to my skincare routine every night. I will not drink with you today!
A spa treatment is always a nice way to relax for me. I also love catching up on my favorite tv shows that I miss just so I have something to look forward to. I will not drink with you today.
First off give yourself a pat on the back. You mentioned that you work 60 hours a week earn high As in grad school exercise volunteer and keep a clean house--that's all pretty impressive to me. So you had one minor slip-up with a bottle of wine that's okay! Just try not to let it take control of your life obviously...To answer your original question I'd have to say that watching Netflix and playing video games help me unwind from a long day. My prime substitute for drinking however is writing articles for my personal blog and editing YouTube videos. Such activities really pass the time and force me not to drink because I have to be in a clear state of mind for them. Also simply reminding myself that drinking is a waste of time and will inevitably lead to a painful hangover always discourages me from picking up the bottle. 
One of mine lately has been taking long drives.  I find some really good music on Spotify turn up the volume as loud as I can and sing my guts out.  I also go to the movies and dinner.  A self-date.  It turns my brain off and I get lost for a few hours in the movie.  Also fishing.  I grab my fly rod and hit the river.  I dont even care if I catch anything its a great time to work on my cast and be outside.  Hang in there I know what its like to lose your footing.  As they say in AA just keep coming back.  I will not drink with you today.
Sitting in the sun listening to a podcast. ..And I can really relate to not feeling like I'm doing "enough".   I think it's tied to a self-esteem issue for me - like I have to make up for some inadequacy - like if I work 9 hours exercise cook clean be perfect in every way the world won't see that I'm a drunk/have these flaws etc.  It's a hard habit to break.  
I sit in my apartment maybe watch some tv maybe cook something. Might hop on my treadmill to get some extra steps. It's different for all of us I guess. Going to the gym also cuts down on my free time to drink and helps get some of my frustrations and extra energy out. I personally don't think of working out as a chore more of a scheduled maintenance.  
Meditation 
Hello fellow over achiever! I feel like there are quite a few of us here. A few easy recommendations are:..A DIY spa day - steam your face (with a face steamer  or boil water and use the steam from that) and a facemask (Target sells them or you could use honey/oatmeal/whatever Pinterest recommends)..Podcasts and walking..Meditations ..The nice thing about all these things is that you can only do them - so it forces you to take a break and hopefully calms a monkey mind. For me wine meant relaxation and forgetting about my worries for a short period of time. Activities like these can also be relaxing sans hangover...IWNDWYT 
I go to the sauna at my gym and listen to podcasts. Super relaxing. 
There's a movie quote from this obscure movie and it's stuck with me for years: ..* The world is divided up between people who like to watch the sunset and those who don't.  People like you are never happy. You're anxious type-A egocentric perfectionists who can't sit still and die alone with a million bucks and a thousand regrets. Now people who can relax enjoy the sunset hold hands at the end of the day... they're the happy ones. *..I'm definitely more of the latter but I'm learning in my sobriety that I'm starting to become more like the former. ..IWNDWYT!
