-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7acyur/my_first_i_just_poured_it_out_story/

I've been wondering when one was going to happen! I'm just chilling at home today my partner left a bottle of wine half full open in the kitchen. I was fine when she was drinking it last night and I think maybe in the future or on another day I'd have been okay to just walk past it but today I thought briefly about "just having a sip" and then---and I'm proud of this---grabbed that thing and poured it out with the quickness (no doubt helped by the fact that my partner herself said it was crappy wine and it was a cheap bottle anyway). No deliberation no waffling. Just did. Figured that even if she wanted a new one I'd rather buy her an unopened bottle later when I'm in a different place than have an open one tempting me when I'm angling for it...The reason I'm sharing is because at the beginning of my current journey---46 days ago---I literally would not have thought myself capable of this. Ignoring an available drink was just incomprehensible to me. And two weeks ago I would have assumed it would always be a difficult agonizing struggle to make the right decision. The fact that it could ever be easy almost automatic requiring just a negligible amount of effort? No way...Despite the fact that I know that tough days will come again that they might even come by *for many days in a row* I'm very encouraged by the fact that sometimes the day is easy too. It gets easier with time. My best wishes for all of you hope today's an easy one!
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! What a powerful moment. I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for a wonderful post. Wishing you success on your journey. I will not drink with you today and when the harder days come I wish you the strength to make it through!!!
I remember doing that last November when a couple neighbors refused the beers I had left. It felt great and also a little weird. Good on you for recognizing the danger of having that bottle laying around and doing something about it.
Awesome!!
