-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7afi63/routine_vs_habit_vs_fatal_disease_which_left/

Hello all..I stopped almost 60 days ago. Yay! First week I had cravings... lately not at all. ..Really not at all. Like after two weeks or so the idea of booze just stopped being attractive. I can't imagine drinking again or buying wine. Just feel so much better... drinking seems like a total waste of money and time. ..I am wondering if I was a habitual drinker rather than someone truly addicted.  Just like I am a habitual green tea drinker before bed now. I look forward to that all day. Maybe I just get attached to routine?? I don't know. ..Not that it matters... happy to be sober now. But I wonder how many people there are out there like me who drank every day 2-5 drinks or so and once they decided to stop were able to without too much trouble. ..Or maybe this is booze brain talking and I am dangerously close to relapse because I am questioning the seriousness of my habit. ..What to do what to do. ..I know I won't drink with you today.  .
----------immediate responses--------

I think alcoholism is a progressive disease and its starting point isn't clear cut. It's not like you flip a switch and someone is suddenly an alcoholic.  I think habitual and heavy drinking are problematic for themselves AND danger signs that alcoholism could develop. ..For me I looked at my relationship with alcohol and didn't like what I saw. A lot of bad incidents. It's difficult for me to stop drinking once I've started particularly if I'm alone. But much of the time I just had 1-2 glasses most days I didn't drink at all and giving it up wasn't difficult. ..I'm not sure I'll ever start drinking again but I think it's possible I'll get to a point where mentally I can enjoy a single glass of wine and not feel tempted to drink as a way to become mindless.  But I think that point is far off.  In the meantime my self preservation instinct is strong enough that I'll stay away from alcohol without too much difficulty. ..But everyone is different. I can't answer for you. Several glasses every night is a lot. I'd stay humble and keep my guard up against moments when it will be hard. 
I would toy with this idea in my first year. I got to the point where I accepted that my life was going terribly with alcohol. My life finally started to turn around when I stopped. So I just said you know what id rather not drink. I don't want to drink 1-2 I know I want to get plastered I know. 
From your first post "moderation doesn't work for me."..Sounds to be your mind like mine is playing one of the Greatest Hits "It wasn't that bad."
I drank everyday for a few years then I was about 3 times a week after mid-summer (I got completely wasted and freaked out so I was "cutting down.") If I think about having a drink now all that comes to mind is "chasing the buzz." At this point for me one is too many because more than that is never enough. I did not have any withdrawals though or trouble quitting fortunately but I feel like I could be in that place where I am thinking of a thousand reasons to drink everyday if I slip up. 
congrats on almost 60 days. my story is similar to yours in some ways and also different. ..About the summer of 2014 I realized I was drinking 2-4 (?) glasses of wine every evening. My drinking was daily and too heavy but it was pretty controlled. However I realized the amount I was consuming wasn't good. ..So I cut back to the weekends (which turned out to include many 4-day and 5-day weekends). Without the daily drinking my tolerance went down ... so the first drink blew all my inhibitions and became very likely to lead to 4 5 binge. ..So daily was bad and not-daily was bad in a different way so I decided 0 is best for me. After one not-that-serious false start and a lot of investment in reading it has not been difficult to say "no thanks" to alcohol. ..However I am trying to not be over-confident. I read and post here listen to podcasts etc. because there are plenty of harrowing stories out there and I really want to stay stopped. 
For me personally the distinction isn't important.  Regular drinker heavy drinker alcoholic who cares?  It was having a very negative impact on my physical and mental health.  I'm not saying there weren't aspects of drinking I enjoyed - it's just that the positives are drastically outweighed by the negatives.  I will not drink with you tonight!
