-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aif52/i_relapsed_last_night/

I used to drink a lot to manage stress. For the past 2 months or so I had managed to stop and was resolved to find healthier ways to manage my stress. Last night I was particularly stressed and concluded that I needed a couple drinks. ..It was awful and I'm so relieved. ..- The most salient feature of my experience last night was the headache and general dizziness that I immediately felt once I started drinking and continued to get worse even though my alcoholic brain kept thinking alcohol would make the headache better. ..- I couldn't do anything that I used to enjoy in the evenings because my cognitive faculties were so impaired. I couldn't read. I couldn't even really follow a TV show. I didn't feel comfortable going outside for a walk. It was mostly just a boring and delirious experience. ..- I felt vaguely guilty the whole time because I knew that I was hurting myself. I couldn't just relax and enjoy it like I used to now that I know I have a problem. ..- I was starting to feel really great when I woke up in the mornings but right now I feel like crap. ..- I didn't brush my teeth last night which is gross. ...In summary I feel like this has been a really productive experience (but maybe I'm just rationalizing). I used to see alcohol as something that would immediately give me relief and I longed for that feeling while I was sober. Now I'm starting to think that the relief I used to feel was actually just relieving my cravings for alcohol when I was drinking so much every single night. I feel like I see alcohol for what it actually is now and I'm so relieved to discover that drinking is not actually a pleasant experience. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know exactly what you mean by a productive experience. My last relapse I realized that I really don't like the feeling of drinking and the mental torture that comes with it. Now I remember that when I feel triggered to drink. I will not drink with you today. 
There's nothing like being sober and working on living to the best of my ability to mess up my drinking.  Don't beat yourself up too bad it can happen to any of us.  Today I'm going to go happen  .  Saddle back up and let's ride IWNDWYT
I have heard before  once you know something you can't in-know it.  It's true for me with alcohol. My body will still get drunk but my brain in like hey but we know this is a problem! So I miss that brief pleasant moment of being just buzzed enough and end up yucky drunk. .I think you gained some important insight. It's a journey and I'm happy to be on it with you today!
I think it's totally okay to consider a relapse productive without condoning it or suggesting to others that relapses are a good or even necessary part of the process. It's accepting the circumstances you are currently in and trying to work with it...Anyway I know exactly what you mean with the feeling. After 10 months without drinking I "gently" relapsed with a glass of wine and felt gross and tired stopped and couldn't even believe I used to drink many glasses almost every day. But I instead used that as a reason for why I could drink again. It took around 5 months to get back to where I was before I quit but it ultimately happened and here I am doing it all over again. So just keep that in mind and try not to let rationalizations get the best of you...Thanks for sharing and being honest! IWNDWYT
&gt; the relief I used to feel was actually just relieving my cravings for alcohol..When I was binge drinking on the weekends I came to see this.  I hated alcohol but the cravings were so bad starting Wednesday that I was over joined just to crack open the bottle on Friday...I hated the misery of being alone all weekend missing out on social events and neglecting my dogs when I was getting wasted.  The Sunday to Tuesday hangovers were terrible...I am glad for you that you seemed to have learned from your relapse.  You might have to restart your dry date but you don't lose your days of sobriety up until last night...I won't drink with you today!
