-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7aset5/an_elderly_woman_on_an_early_morning_walkan/

.So I had to get up super early this morning to fly home from a quick business meeting.  Drinking during the travel was not an issue - I was so hungover from Tuesday that I couldn't fathom drinking.  But I have realized during the last few years that all hotel and airport bars are identical.  Instead of ordering overpriced wine and having the bartender separate my food and booze bills ( ) I've been downing a ton of water and Gatorade to get my body back in balance.  It feels weird to not have a headache or feel barfy.  How novel!..But what I noticed most on the way to the airport were the early morning walkers and runners outside just before and during the sunrise.  How do people drink themselves into a coma and then get up at 6 to walk or run?  (They don't!).  But it hit me like a ton of bricks that I want to be that person.  I want to be that runner who can knock out a few miles at dawn and enjoy the peaceful beginning to a new day without feeling like shit until early afternoon.  It occurred to me that drinking and early morning exercise do not mix and  not being a morning person  was my excuse to avoid having to get out of bed early with my battery acid mouth and aching head.  Those runners are  normal  and I'm betting they do not struggle with whether to have the sixth glass of wine.  They have other priorities.  It feels liberating that I have a chance her to realign MY priorities.  ..The pain and wasted opportunities have finally outweighed the  benefits  of drinking.  ..I was so grateful to not be lined up at the airport bar this morning awaiting my screwdriver or Bloody Mary to get me started.  I'm grateful for the glimpse of freedom I've experienced these last few days.  You guys give me such hope!  ..It's Saturday and I'd normally be lining up my bottles of wine for a marathon drinking session for college football.  (Who won what game?  I can't remember). Instead I'm continuing to push the fluids and planning the early morning walk I will be taking tomorrow a.m.   ..I'll be that early morning runner some day soon!..Edit: I just went for a 3 mile walk at 7 am.  And there were seven other people I saw out!   Not drinking with you all today!
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol's a bitch..
The early morning runners inspire me too.  So do the people out doing activities in the evening.  While I was at home making myself sick others were playing basketball going for walks chatting in coffee shops just enjoying doing all sorts of things.
I was that person who would get up and run an ungodly amount of miles at 6am after getting slammed on a Saturday night. I couldn't even use that as an excuse to stop! When the stress of other things got in the way of working out in general I put on weight and got to the point I didn't care to work out anymore. It took me a lot of searching to find a reason to quit drinking and it took one really bad other person to make me do it. I need to focus on my current goals to get rid of this person who's a violent alcoholic. 10 days has given me more progress toward that goal than the last year has total.
If time is a thief then alcohol is its closest accomplice! It robs you of so many things..Running for me is one of best sober weapons. I've run after drinking a lot a night before but it's sucks you are only firing at 50% and you can feel it. It is the same for everything you do hung over. I was always productive and got everything done (I had to be 4kids)but everything was done at 50%..I want to live 100% of my life!
Early morning walks are the best!  Do you like books?  I always find it relaxing and a good start to the day to head out pre-dawn listening to a good book on Audible and getting a solid walk in :) -- now I'm back to running I squeeze that in.  Keep up the thoughtfulness about what you want moving forward it helps me say no a lot to remember what I don't like about my old lifestyle! I do not miss the morning body aches and exhaustion at all!
This is well written. Thank you for sharing it.  ..I think the real turning point for me was when I realized I wanted more for myself and that alcohol was shrinking my life not expanding it. I didn't say it as well as you but I think I'm coming from the same place...I won't drink with you today or tonight!
Yes! I'm still amazed at all the normies up and about taking some fresh air walking dogs and generally enjoying the early hours...and it feels so good to join them. I'm looking forward to a restorative yoga class tomorrow morning and a nice cup of tea in my quiet house beforehand. These things bring me such contentment.
I am so not a morning person even sober but today I woke up at 7:30 feeling fresh. Often I will nap during my son's nap (toddler) but lately I've been passing that up too. My sleep quality has improved a lot. Maybe one of these days I will be a morning person. ..When I was drinking very very heavily a few years back I would wake up at 5:30 because my sleep was so bad. But I felt miserable and I would have my first drink around 10 am so... I don't think that counts as a morning person.
I feel like I'm sleeping in if I get up at 6:30a these days. My whole day feels better when I'm up with the sunrise. Before I stopped drinking I only saw the sun come up if I was still awake from the night before. This way is so much more enjoyable.
Maybe running can be your new addiction.
Yes you will! I trained with a group (90% were younger and fitter than me) every Saturday morning at 6 am (!!) for ten weeks to prepare for a half marathon. Every time I marveled at the beauty smells sounds and feelings of early morn and that my body could perform after 25 years of serious abuse. Every step felt like a glorious victory over demon alcohol! Best wishes for you to feel that too! 
Ha ha yes! I've become one of those early morning runners and it feels pretty damn good! Aside from the kick it gives the rest of your day it feels really special to watch a city wake up as you pass by. 
I'm glad to hear you're taking the steps to create a life you don't need to escape from. Remember these feelings and the hope you have now when the tears come flooding in and life seems unbearable and your addict brain tries to tell you you're doing good and deserve a drink to celebrate. "You can control it now" is what you will hear. "Nobody else will know."..Your life is about to get harder so be prepared. When the euphoria wears off and the escape that we all had been using for so many years isn't there anymore the emotions come flooding back in and its awful. You'll wonder why you did this to yourself (getting sober) and forget all the bad times and kid yourself that you were pretty happy while drinking and you weren't that bad. (Compared to the worst alcoholics you know) You will doubt yourself and think that it's too hard and you can't do it. You'll be mad and think that life won't be fun anymore without alcohol and that you'll lose all your friends and will be less interesting and boring without it. You will cry yourself to sleep and hate that you wasted so many years and will be disgusted that you let yourself get to this point when you look in the mirror. But you can't trust your thoughts right now. ..Your brain will try every trick it has to feel that warmth again and get back to a place that it knows well. But your brain is wrong. You don't hate yourself. You hated what you have become because it wasn't your true self. Your true self knows you need to change. You will find yourself in the process of fixing yourself. You can do this. ..The sparkle in your eyes may have faded but it's returning. It will be brighter than you've ever seen it before. Life will slow down and you will love yourself more than you ever have. You will take pride in saying "I don't drink" and offer to drive friends home and fill them in on what happened last night after things got hazy for them. But only if you don't give up. We believe in you but you have to believe it more. We're here for you but only you can do this. You are never alone. It doesn't matter how many tries it takes. If you stay committed you will succeed. I look forward to seeing you out running in the mornings. Namaste Mary. 
I was never a morning person either... My job currently has me up at sunrise every day which means I'm pretty much up that early on weekends too. While I don't run in the mornings there's a sense of peace that they give me. Sitting with a coffee watching the world wake up is something I never used to see. 
You just inspired me to get.My early morning walk on !!
I really identify with this sentiment. It's also been the greatest reward to my sobriety. I run all the time now and it's turned my regret/sad brain into happy/"good on you" brain. Hopefully you can stay off the sauce long enough to make your brain switch. It's a lot easier once you do. Then the drink becomes a detriment to your happiness rattan that a reward to your misery. 
I have a friend who can get up at 5 and run 6 miles before work after a night of drinking. I have no idea how he does it but I'm convinced it's absolutely dreadful for him. There's no way he's just fine doing it consistently. Oh well we'll see how long he can keep it up.
Feeling like shit while at the gym is one of the main reasons I quit. It finally hit me how ridiculous it was to try to be  healthy  with a hangover every morning. IWNDWYT 
