-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7atk55/six_months_and_only_a_few_people_know/

Today is 6 months for me. Only my girlfriend knows. One other friend knows but she doesn't understand at all. She doesn't think I have a problem and that it is just all in my head. She offers encouragement occasionally but that was after a fight we had when I got sick of her telling me it's just in my head and it was a struggle to reach my 2 week mark. I know deep down she still believes it's just in my head...So here's to 6 months because I only told my gf about the anniversary today and no one else to share it with...Funny thing is I was walking home from the bus stop today on my way home from work and ran into a guy I was on the road to becoming friends with. He was a bartender at my favorite bar and I don't have any friends in the city I live in. So towards the end of my drinking days I went out to the bars alone to try to make friends and he was the only one that reciprocated. I haven't seen him since the last time I was in the bar. He didn't see me and I had my ear buds in so I just avoided it all... but kind of funny on today of all days.
----------immediate responses--------

Six months?  Good work fella!  Can totally understand your wanting to keep your choices private but it sucks when your achievement doesn't feel recognised.  Hope an internet pat on the back helps   :)    
Six months!!  Congratulations!!!  Only my husband and one friend know.  If it weren't for this sub I don't know how my husband would deal with me because I have to keep it in the front of my mind or it's always in the front of my mind.  Keep up the solid dedication.  I'm proud of you!
Congratulations socialta on 6 months!  That is a major achievement --- awesome and well done!..I've only told one person -- my husband. So I get what you're saying about celebrating those milestones.  ..Keep going your six months are a big inspiration to me!...
Congratulations on 6 months!! 
