-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7av26m/retriggering_the_mental_obsession/

I had 40 or so days and I drank in moderation.  It didn't seem like that big of a deal but I didn't want to get too complacent.  So I went another 40 days or so and again drank in moderation.  This second time that mental obsession is back really strongly.  It feels almost the same as very early sobriety.  ..So I guess I'm learning the hard way....a normal drinker can drink in moderation and not think about it until the next social setting calls for alcohol.  I might be able to drink in moderation and I might be able to hold off from drinking until the next social occasion that calls for alcohol but this time anyway I sure have retriggered the physical cravings and mental obsession.  And of course in this state I'm at a greater risk of relapsing all together.  ..If this is how it will be any time I try a little moderate drinking then the price is very high...playing the tape forward would not be just will I overindulge make an ass out of myself and get a hangover.  I also need to consider that regardless of those potential consequences even if I avoid them by drinking moderately if I drink at all I need to consider how restless irritable and discontent I will be in the days that follow as I deprive myself after allowing a small cheat and how long it may take to resume my "new normal" sober state...I will not drink with you fine people tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds pretty complicated to me. For me I try to keep it simple. I don't drink. .
I won't drink with you too!
I had to explode the belief that I was  depriving' myself of alcohol to make the switch from  dry drunk between relapses' to  ex-drinker and happy about it*'. I could only leave alcohol and my obsession with it in the past once I recognised moderation as an unrealistic objective for me and decided to let it go...*  Note that I didn't say  happy ex-drinker'.  I'd still never claim to be happy all the time but by taking that pointless repeating cycle out of the equation I actually have the time and mental capacity to deal with what was going on underneath it.  And I'm getting there  :)..I'm happy to be not drinking with you anyhow!
"Mental obsession" - YES. It's exhausting isn't it? It's so unfair that some people can just have a drink and not think about it again. I tremendously wish I were "normal". But my story is a lot like yours - many attempts at moderation even more setbacks. ..You aren't unreasonable for trying. These failed attempts are painting a clear picture for you. It sounds like you know what you need to do. It's hard but it's the best gift you can give yourself and you *very much deserve it*. I can't emphasize enough what a relief it is to be free. It is an incredible feeling. ..Someone on here called it "liquid depression" in my lurking days and it was a big light bulb moment for me. While I still struggle with the temptation that I might be able to begin moderately drinking again (spoiler: I cannot) reminding myself that this liquid depression kept me enslaved for the first half of my life always pulls me back to the good side. You can do this! I will not drink with you today!
