-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7axtj7/my_sponsor_is_convinced_i_relapsed_but_i_didnt/

I've been extremely anxious the past couple of days and only yesterday realized I had been forgetting to take my Cymbalta all week. (I normally take it mid-day because otherwise I'm sweating like a pig when I get to work if I take it too early in the morning). It was stupid of me and I regret it. Couple that with I had zero appetite Friday and Saturday morning (when I'm anxious I do not feel like eating) so I barely ate anything. Saturday morning I woke up I was sweaty and my hands were shaking a bit..which was scary for me as I never even got shaky hands when I detoxed from alcohol. Still I didn't put two and two together. ..Went to my sponsors new place to help her move in and I was still visibly shaky. Thought it was my blood sugar so I ate a muffin and drank some orange juice. It got a little better but I looked so tired and out of it as well. (Sidenote due to previously mentioned anxiety I had slept a total of like six hours over the previous three nights. No bueno.) She noticed how shaky I was and texted me that night saying I was acting like someone detoxing/going through withdrawals. That afternoon my dumb brain had finally put two and two together and I took my Cymbalta as well as ate a high protein meal to help stabilize my blood sugar. Within a few hours I was totally fine back to my normal self. But that text she sent was really accusatory. I told her I hadn't relapsed and explained the situation and her response was asking me why I'm on so much medication. (I'm on four different medications Vyvanse (had severe ADD and was finally diagnosed in middle school) Cymbalta (depression runs I'm my family and I was diagnosed at about the same time) birth control pills and Aldactone for my PCOS. Her response was that sounds like a lot but the goal is to be happy and healthy so whatever it takes. WTF? I used to be on way more but since getting sober and eating healthier I've been able to get off a few...This morning she texted me saying she could really use my help if I can come over (mind you I have a ton of chores to do today and had told her that yesterday) and said we could do some step work and "really talk."..I'm speechless. Truly speechless. After all I've been through the *last* think I would want is to drink again. She definitely does not trust me or believe me I can tell...TL;DR My sponsor seems convinced I relapsed even though I didn't and it's really bothering me. I'll likely go help her because otherwise she'll accuse me of trying to hide something (I know her) at the expense of getting things done I need to do today. Not sure how to respond to her. I suppose I can always try to do some chores this afternoon/evening after helping her. Feeling 100% better today for the record...Edit: I texted her how I'm feeling as I express myself better in writing. Hopefully she doesn't become angry...Edit2: Told her I needed a mental health day. She was nice at first and said she wants me to work the steps each week. But then she said she noticed I have a tendency to back out of things I've already committed to (I never committed to today only yesterday) and said to read the part in the BB. That talks about that. This is after I've told her all the other times were valid reasons (my dog being sick my chronic migraines work commitments j couldn't get out of). She treats me like the typical alcoholic and doesn't believe me when I tell her things no matter how true they are. I made a promise to myself when I got sober to not be deceptive anymore and I have stayed true to that. This whole thing exhausts me. ..Thank you for all of your comments though..I've read every one of them and ive taken your kindness and advice to heart. You've given me some real things to think about. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

From what you just wrote I can understand how the situation must have seemed to her. I think she is just trying to make sure that you are ok and sticking to the plan. How long have you two known each other? 
 Congrats on 220 days - that huge!!! Your sponsor doesn't  sound like a good fit. I would definitely want someone more supportive less judgmental and less dependent on me. Hope things work out for you. I will not drink with you today.
You trippin dude(tte). Sponser asked because she concerned but they do believe you. Gotto realize they've been there before...Go have a talk with this person and help them out with whatever they have to do. If they ask whether you relapsed tell them no but that you've been feeling super anxious. ..I've been where you're at prescribed heavy ADHD and depression medication while drinking stopped drinking and realized I was waay overprescribed. Came clean with my psychiatrist started the doses over at low doses I'm good now...Deep breaths yo I can feel your anxiety all the way over at my keyboard. ..
Just tell her it was your meds.  If she does not believe you it says a lot about her.   I am also concerned about her judgmental attitude.  You can also get another sponsor if she is making you feel bad.
Waiiiiiiit a minute here.  First things first  I am ALL for people helping each other out in AA and service work but it is NOT your responsibility to help her move.  My first sponsor had my babysitting her kid for free all the time....almost like I owed her for sponsoring me.  We rarely did any step work.  ..Let me ask you this where are you in your steps with your sponsor?  ..
I agree with what others have said. It sounds like you may find a better fit with a different sponsor.
Well if you have stuff to take care of today then turn her down. You have to take care of yourself. It sounds like your anxiety is already in full swing skipping on necessary things isn't going to help that...The next time you meet up with her just explain that you've got a lot going on and that your medication is for diagnosed conditions. Recognize that her concern is understandable and that she cares about you but that you didn't relapse and her pushing it doesn't help you mentally. 
I don't go to AA or have a sponsor but this doesn't sound good. A sponsor in my opinion should act like a therapist right. Supportive not Judgmental?...Curious not Accusatory?....A Guide not your Boss?.Plus is she a licensed psychiatrist or medical doctor? Every one has their own opinions on medication but she should keep them to herself unless she is qualified to help in that capacity. If it works for you then it does. It must be working 220 days is awesome! I will not drink with you today! ..I would look into finding a new sponsor stat...and that may require finding a new AA scene. Don't know how it works though...
That sucks sorry you have to deal with that. I just fired my sponsor last week for similar reasons and honestly don't think I'll go back to the 12 steps although I will definitely stay active in my recovery through other routes. I encountered an anti-med attitude several times in the rooms and as a physician it took everything I had not to call people out for being full of shit. SSRIs and other psych meds literally save people's lives. Good luck and make sure you take care of yourself above all else. 
I definitely not in love with your sponsor. She seems manipulative. Maybe it's time to get a new one?
when i miss my meds (especially the encepilopathy nad depression meds) i get the same way but sometimes act completely crazy and am useless to anyone
So I feel like my experiences of anxiety have been similar to your's.  This is one reason I've been hesitant to consider AA because I tend to over commit often and put other people's needs before my own to my own detriment.  One thing I have learned for myself in terms of sobriety in particular is that I need to respect my own feelings.  Any judgements of those feelings by myself or others does not and should not negate them.  ..Do you want and feel like you'd like a new sponsor? Would you like one that's a better fit? Then follow those instincts and get a new sponsor.  I have found that I have to allow myself to meet my own mind and functioning where it is at.  I will only continue to progress as a person and in sobriety if I do that...Do I sometimes realize that I could handle things better or think of things in a different more productive and improved way? Of course I do. I get in my own way all the time. But I need to realize it and then move on. I know I will grow over time but pushing myself to be perfect will only lead to a relapse...You possibly could have done things differently with this sponsor to be more successful with her. But you aren't there yet. You maybe need someone who is a better fit for the here and now. For myself I always remind myself of what my end goal is. My end goal is sobriety one day at a time.  What things each day will get me there and what things will I know in my heart will lead to success whether or not they are the "perfect" thing...Maybe for you that one thing today is thinking about getting a new sponsor because that is what you need in the here and now and the thing that will support your success...Hopefully I didn't ramble too much but just wanted to share my thoughts. Whatever your decision I know you will be successful. ..I will not drink with you today &lt;3
So what does a sponsor do?  Is it part of your probation or a state mandated recovery program?  
&gt; But then she said she noticed I have a tendency to back out of things I've already committed to..OK... this.   First it was helping her move in one day and then another day and this under the cover of "working the steps"?..I'm sorry if I'm misinterpreting but it sounds like this person believes that being her errand-runner is part of your recovery and she's sore because you aren't going along with it...This isn't the first post I've read here about a sponsor who seems to be demanding about "service" but seems to be confusing "personal servant" with "sponsee".   This is your recovery not her errand-running service and I hope you will be able to assert yourself..
I had to leave aa because I was so uncomfortable sponsoring others (among many other reasons). It is such a wierd dynamic to me. I also have nerve issues and a tremor in my left hand and the judgment by some was real- there's a big difference between general concern for somebody and jumping to assumptions about anothers sobriety.  You are always allowed to find another sponsor it should be an equal relationship. You've mentioned so many sponsorship red flags here: manipulation guilt trips unsolicited medical advice and my personally favorite; asking you to help them move. ..Glad you figured out it was your medication and you got back on track. Try to do some self care today &lt;3
Unrelated to the sponsor issue but Cymbalta is an evil mistress.  It was my first experience with hard withdrawal.   In fact part of the reason I felt like tackling alcohol withdrawal was the knowledge that I defeated Cymbalta.  I would never have believed it if it hadn't happened to me.
Do what makes you feel comfortable. Maybe your sponsor is coming on too hard but she means well. She may think pushing you will help your anxiety. She may be used to a certain stereotype that you may or may not fit...I haven't sought a sponsor yet and am still not sure if I will. I am at around 100 days sober at my first attempt. I personally went to rehab. I drank a lot due to anxiety and depression but I became dependent. I take anti-anxiety and depression medication and would not take well to someone saying I'm taking too much medication (I take Wellbutrin and Lexapro as well as birth control and have a prescription for migraines that I use 3-4 times a month)..She may not be your fit. There's a guy in my AA group who seems to think he knows it all and he can grate on me. He means well but I could never have him as my sponsor as he is too assuming...There are days I still could seem like I'm hungover or affected by alcohol due to other health "issues" I experience. I hate it because I work with my father now and some days I look like shit (pale spacey generally sick looking) after barely being able to sleep due to a migraine. I'm constantly paranoid he will think I've relapsed...Anyway I'm off on a tangent now. If you ever feel like you need someone to talk to you seem somewhat similar to me maybe we can help each other. Please feel free to PM me. :)
That does sound exhausting! Good luck. Guess it's always good to remember that your AA and sponsor situation are optional. You could move on if need be! 
Your sponsor is going to hurt herself jumping to conclusions.  You are also being stressed by her and she is triggering your drinking response.  Enough already.  Tell her you are going to another meeting and are looking for another sponsor.  No lie- just go to a meeting online for now and get a sponsor as you see fit.  Let her work out her issues on someone else... not you.
