-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7azr40/more_than_30_days_sober_what_i_have_learned/

Just a little over 30 days ago I would never have thought of making it this far. I am a few hours short of completing day 32 so needless to say I feel an incredible sense of satisfaction over that accomplishment alone. Physically I feel better than I have in a long time but not only our bodies heal as we take this journey - first and foremost our minds do. Remember that this is a mental disease. ..In light of this recent milestone that I have reached I would like to share an important insight with this community that has helped me so much along the way....**Learning to accept help also means accepting it from yourself**..Do not be too hard on yourself if you relapse for every hour you spend sober is a step in the right direction. Be kind and forgiving to yourself but do not be negligent. What helped me a lot was simply accepting helpappreciating it not only from others but from myself. What I mean by that is being thankful for everything good that you do to yourself. I remember those rough nights when I would brew copious amounts of herbal tea and light aromatic candles just to ease my mind a little bit. Thinking about it those were simple acts of kindness directed towards myself the kind that lighten up your mood and put a smile on your face even when your day has been bad...This shift in my mindset was very important to me. You begin to feel very differently about certain positive actions once you put them in a different perspective: I was not just drinking stupid tea which doesn't really help that much with my withdrawals and cravings and lighting candles pointlessly. Instead I began viewing it as somebody trying to help me by doing these things and that gave me a whole new level of appreciation for them - even if that somebody was me. See how much of a difference we can actually feel just by shifting our mindsets?..So be thankful for every positive step you take for all those little actions are signs that you actually care about yourself. And what feeling on earth is sweeter than having someone deeply care for you? Take pride in the fact that you have taken out the trash today walked the dog or just treated yourself to a hot bath. With this new found appreciation for the little things the love for yourself will grow tenfold...Thank you for reading.I sure as hell won't drink with you today :D
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 30+ days of sobriety. That is definitely something to be proud of. ..I love what you said about doing simple acts of kindness to yourself. I get so focused on trying to do that for others that I forget or don't even notice when I do kind gestures for myself. I truly believe perspective is everything in life and mine continues to evolve daily...Thanks for the words of encouragement. It really is the simple pleasures in life that are the most meaningful. Stay strong and keep up the good fight. Namaste. 
Excellent post! Thanks so much for sharing. I will be thinking of this post next time I self-care  
Great post. I was feeling a bit sorry for myself as I prepare dinner with my beautiful wife who just opened a beer. I'm good with that but it bothered me every so slightly. I love this place. Thank you for taking the time to post. IWNDWYT
Congrats! I really resonate with this post thank you. You are so right. At first I thought I was just being lazy but really it takes TIME by yourself to care for yourself. I am much more confident now that I'm not drinking. I won't drink with you today!
Kudos to you on mindful well written post! Thank you for sharing!  
That was a really thoughtful post. I've never really thought about things from that angle before.
The first time you do something for yourself that is legitimately for yourself and no one else can be really inspiring and cathartic.  You grow a lot and wonder why the heck you ever needed to make yourself so drunk on a regular basis.
