-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7b7z10/feeling_conflicted_about_the_upcoming_holiday/

So the holiday period is rapidly approaching and I'm feeling a little conflicted in relation to my family and my sobriety. To preface things I currently live in a different country from the rest of my family for work and my father just emailed me saying he'd be happy to pay for my travel costs to come back home for Christmas (previous to this I hadn't expected to go back until Christmas 2019). ..One large part of me thinks that going back home would be a really healthy thing to do because I feel the last few months have been a struggle and seeing family and friends would be a good tonic and would give me something to look forward to. ..On the other hand I was just back there in June and it represented a kind of rock bottom with my mental health and my drinking. That rock bottom would have come regardless but the reality is I spent the month that I was home largely on the couch literally doing pretty much nothing feeling so shitty about myself and my life that I didn't even want to see friends because I'd have to put on a positive face when it was the last thing I was feeling and drinking a bottle of wine in the evening. ..After getting back I recognized that I had absolutely wasted that month and that things were only getting worse. Just about a week later I quit drinking. My worries about going back at this point are multiple; 1. my family sees the times that I'm home as cause to celebrate and for my family that means readily available alcohol 2. during my previous stint of sobriety my family could get obnoxious about my not drinking during the holiday period (only a couple members generally sloshing wine in my face and saying *c'mon just have one!!*) 3. I've just recently been put on anti-depressants and started therapy and while its improved larger issues (suicide ideation) I'm still feeling a lot of anxiety and it is definitely making me feel less settled in my sobriety. At this point I'm worried that while there would be positives I'd also be putting myself at risk for relapsing. ..I guess I'm just confused about what I should do perhaps going back for a short stretch 1-2 weeks would be a good thing or perhaps I should just protect my sobriety. I know the holiday period alone is going to be a struggle though... Ugh..
----------immediate responses--------

Could you lay the blame on your medication? Say something like your liver will implode if you drink while on it? That might take the pressure off a bit. 
Is there anything fun and different that you can do while you're home? Something to change up the routine? I totally understand ending up on the couch and the risks of returning to an environment that is associated with hitting rock bottom...I'm worried about this as well when I go home for Christmas. I've already explained to my mom who is a huge drinker that I've given it up. We'll see if she respects that but all I can do is be strong in my resolve. 
Holiday period is very stressful for millions. What should I get so and so?  Which relation do I visit or not visit?  I'm trying to lose weight but how can I refuse (fill in the blank)? I'm not drinking this holiday season so that I can see and do everything I want too with out any guilt on January 2 2018. You can do it. Make up your mind now that you will have a great sober holiday season. Blessings.
Holidays with the family is a real bitch in early recovery. Is staying at a hotel an option? It is very important to give yourself some space when you need it. Go for walks at least. I am fortunate to have a family that enjoys drinking but respects my sobriety. I always bring a case of La Croix to put on ice. 
I can really relate to this post. I'm originally from the U.K. and now live in the U.S. I'm not going home for Christmas this year which has actually turned out to be a blessing. From mid-December until January 1 EVERYTHING revolves around drinking. I wouldn't be able to see my friends unless I go to a pub. So I'm happy to be away from it all. I am also worried that my family will not take this seriously. ..Like everyone else here I'd say pre-planning helps loads and just having an idea in your head of what you're going to do. ..A note on the antidepressants: Just be aware of how they're making you feel. I'm tapering down from Zoloft after two years and have learned how sensitive my body is to them. They helped me an awful lot but I'll be happy to live without them soon..
