-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7b9fwu/im_lashing_out/

..My therapist doesn't seem very effective but those of you that take therapy may understand how annoying it is to find a good one. Okay so four months sober and I'm really struggling. I'm getting mad at everything. I'm projecting. Earlier today I went to the bar with my girlfriend because I wanted to play a single game of pool and right when we walked in she ordered a beer. I didn't tell her that I only wanted to play a single game and I began to get upset because I knew she wouldn't have enough time to drink it before we finished the game. I guess this is a good time to bring up that id grown up in a household with siblings that abused drugs. I've seen my sister slowly change into a person nearly unrecognizable because of her drug addictions. It's had a substantial effect on my relationships. Fast forward to the present and I hate to see people I care about when they act like what I call 'fiends' especially (obviously) my girlfriend. But my gf is an amazing and healthy person.  she has all the right in the world to drink a beer. I projected onto her the vision of a person that NEEDS a beer. My reaction was hostile.. non violent but definitely verbally abusive. And I've noticed that I can be very verbally abusive with people. Not necessarily by calling them names but by being extremely impatient and unforgiving. I fear that I am slowly poisoning my relationship. I know that I've ruined many before with this behavior. It's usually in moments like these when I take stock of my personality and in a desperate mood to stop being me that I turn to alcohol. Obviously I need therapy but therapy I already have. Please those of you with some experience and wisdom to pass on please guide me. In nearly everyway my life is better than It's ever been but I'm just such an asshole all the time and I can't seem to get out of this negative cycle. 
----------immediate responses--------

I started helping others and that helped me realize how lucky I was. I also try to realize that we're all doing our best and that I always have some of the blame in relationship issues. ..Helping other people helped me start accepting my self. And that made me a better human.
I have the same type of reactions being impatient and judgmental of my significant other. I often get angry at them about something I myself do so then there's also the hypocrisy I demonstrate. Ugh! Lately I have been working to stop my defensiveness when I am called out on this behavior. It is like I have a second chance to stop the downward spiral into bad behavior. I may have started off acting in a hurtful manner but if I can keep myself from shutting down when my partner directs my attention to this I can often salvage the situation by listening and apologizing sometimes even if it's not entirely what I'm feeling at the moment.
I've started meditating to deal with day-to-day irritability depression and lack of focus. Seems to be helping quite a bit. You may want to put the pool on hold during early sobriety. Hanging out in bars sounds like torture to me. Just sayin'.
