-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bb1ic/helping_others_and_sharing_the_awesomeness_of_sd/

The topic at the AA meeting was helping other alcoholics and how this helps us to stay sober.  People spoke about welcoming newcomers about leading meetings leading by example and sponsorship.  Then a few shares were a little melancholy people with imperfect programs wanted to do more but were not ready to sponsor another person and quoted the big book:..&gt;The answers will come if your own house is in order. But obviously you cannot transmit something you haven't got...It was then that I realized another awesome aspect of SD.    ..I might be just beginning to work the steps but I can share many stories of my experience strength and hope even in early sobriety.  I don't need anything close to a perfect program to answer a question on SD and I've been sharing from the very beginning of this journey my second try at sobriety.  Anyone who has been to an AA meeting even once can help someone on SD asking about what to expect at a first meeting.  Most people at AA can speak of having continuous sobriety a lot of us can talk about being in and out of the program trying controlled drinking going through a DUI relapse things they've tried in addition to AA etc.  An imperfect program is the perfect thing to share on SD! . .I've been helped by participating in SD and hopefully I've helped one or two people by answering posts and commenting on SD.  I've certainly been helping myself by sharing.  ..I mentioned how awesome SD is in this regard at the AA meeting and it got some people's attention.  Here I had been taking for granted that right from the beginning of this journey SD has allowed me to help other problem drinkers along my own path of recovery.  Thank you for allowing me to do that SD and I will not drink with you fine people of this great community today!..
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! Staying active here helps keep me sober more than I could ever say!
I am humbled by the overarching good will you humanity here. Thank you for this beautiful post.
lovely post - thank you :-)
