-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bjul2/back_at_it_and_feel_like_my_conviction_gets_a/

Hear me out.  I have improved in my ability to recognize that I need to stop drinking so that every time I eventually slide back into thinking I can moderate I quickly realize I was mistaken and stop again.  And I've become pretty good at stopping.  I week here a few weeks there.  But that's it.  When I first had trouble with alcohol and difficulty stopping I was drinking heavily had two DUIs and felt physically/mentally unwell all the time.  It was easier to motivate myself to stay sober with all that fuel once I got started.  I have been able to achieve several periods of 3-6 months sober following particularly bad periods.  ..However those particularly bad periods don't really happen any more.  I catch myself before it gets too bad stop for a bit and then start again.  I'm in this Yo Yo cycle and I'm struggling to feel any real conviction to stay sober because when I play the tape forward it's not as awful as it used to seem.  Now it is a slow slide back into daily drinking feeling hunger over one to many times and realizing I'm on a bad road so stopping myself again.  It's very easy for my alcoholic brain to say "eh not so bad.  It's the summer.  Have fun and stop after June." or whatever.  ..I often wish I confidently knew that if I drank I would without a doubt spiral into rock bottom but that doesn't happen any more and I'm pretty grateful for that.  However I still feel like garbage when I start drinking daily and tend to stop or undo a lot of life progress.  And I'm always afraid that that one day where I really over do it will happen again and I'll find myself in a jail cell or worse.  ..I'm at 3 days now.  I know that I will be faced with temptation sooner or later and don't really know how to arm myself for it.  ..I've told my girlfriend about my addiction and even showed her my old reddit posts from when I crashed my car.  that was hard for me to do.  There was a part of my brain that new if I showed her that she would hold me accountable and take my seriously so it didn't want to in order to leave the opening to return to drinking without her really caring.  She hasn't seen me all that bad.  I'm hoping that will help.  ..Sorry this is a long post and I'm kind of rambling.  I just hate this wishy washy kind of relationship I have with my own addictive nature.  I am not in control but I tend to have developed enough awareness to stop before things get out of hand.  That doesn't mean I can moderate because I can't.  ..Anyway I'm kind of at a loss.  I can already feel the wheels turning and trying to convince myself that I can moderate.  "See you drank a bit too much last week felt like shit and so now you've stopped for three days.  Not a big deal."  Well those last two days I drank a 12 pack to my head and was tugging on my roommates tequila freezer while my girlfriend wasn't looking.  That's not ok.  That's just a ticking time bomb.  ..eh I don't know what I'm saying any more.  I know I need to stop and want to stop but I struggle to find the motivation to stay sober for long.  I'm my own worst enemy here.  
----------immediate responses--------

Hello &amp; Congratulations on 3 days :-)..Is seeing a therapist an option for you? Also have you considered AA/SMART etc? I will not drink with you today.
Oh I hear you. And think we all do because we all do this "it's not *that* bad" talk with ourselves...Yup it's not that bad -- yet. You can easily stop -- for now. The thing to remember is that just like no-one knows which cigarette gives them cancer no-one can predict where their drinking goes over the edge. That drunk slum homeless guy in the street? He started well dressed drinking with a friend. He could easily stop often did...A really helpful tool for me to go from just "I'm not drinking right now" to "I don't think I need this" and finally "besides the old habits voice in my head I don't think I want this" has been the book This Naked Mind. You can get a free copy (check the sidebar on the web or on mobile go to the sub's front page hit the 3 dots in the top and select *community information*). Highly strongly bestly recommended. (Yes *bestly* is a word I insist it is!)..Also use your own posts. A post like this? Bookmark it. Save it into Inbox for Gmail and snooze it for 2 months so it comes back in your inbox. Or add a reminder for it to a calendar even a paper one. Then read it again to have an early warning...You're on a winning road here. You "get" the pattern. You recognize what's happening. The only thing missing is that realistic voice of reason at the crucial moment that tells you in your own voice "I always think it's not going to be *that* bad and maybe it won't but I *always* feel like crap physically and emotionally and I always will feel like I let myself and my girlfriend down -- instead of having this drink let's finish this one day this *today* where I don't drink *no matter what*"..I'm not drinking with you today
[removed]
