-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bn77w/relapse_repeat/

I'm super disappointed in myself. I had 40 days sober and went and fucked it up (on mobile so no badge reset yet) . Drank for the week. Totally wasted Saturday in bed hungover and sick. Stopped again Sunday night but I'm already craving. It wasn't even fun yet here I am....Starting an 8 week relapse recovery program today. Feeling super stupid and awkward in the waiting room right now. Never done this kind of thing before and I feel so conspicuous. Like everyone sees me in the addictions services waiting room and is judging me..I feel like part of me doesn't even WANT to get better. Like I'm forcing myself to try. Wtf is wrong with me ? .I guess I just need to vent. I feel so much better physically when I don't drink. I save money. I'm better in life but yet I still want it. I got the book - I read the books. I know it's poison. I cant think of a single good reason to drink and yet .....I just hate myself right now even as I'm making steps  to fix it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I  can say from personal experience that sitting in recovery waiting rooms feels very much like a defeat. However everyone there wants the best for you and you will only encounter other people that are looking to change their lives in similar ways who have similar issues with drugs and alcohol. It is a nonjudgmental anonymous zone where you can say what you need to say without fear of judgement. It is very intimidating. give yourself time to find what works for you and if you can allow the feelings you have to wash over you. ultimately they are going to help you. ..good luck. i  will not drink with you today. 
Keep on trying it's all we can do we are all in the same boat your not on your own 
You aren't alone. We're all here with you. I feel like shit today. I'm at work but I'm pretty sure I woke up drunk and my mouth tastes like booze and a ton of chewing tobacco. Maybe I smell? I have no idea. I fucking hate drinking and I hate doing this to myself and I'm having such a difficult time stopping. Fuck this tho I will not drink with you today.
Hey that's amazing though. I know you are feeling really low but I feel like that's one of the toughest things you can do is drag yourself to help despite not wanting to. Like fighting against that addiction demon that tells you to just stay drinking and fuck everything else. On paper it's so easy right of course not drinking is better but that lizard brain ... you are so strong to be where you are right now and you made it 40 days and that's something to be proud of too. Hope you're back home and taking it easy &lt;3 
One day at a time...you can do this :)
