-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bozun/99_days_help/

I'm at exactly 99 days sober I've been to rehab 2 times but the first time I stayed intoxicated in the facility for about 14 of the 30 days and about 2 days out I was high...I did 45 days partial hospitalization rehab and another 45 days of intensive outpatient.For the past two weeks?.I've been craving and romanticizing pretty hard..I've been to a meeting and shared about it but it's like it was in one ear and out the other after about a day....I moved back to my small hometown but I was feeling this same way when I was down in Florida for the PHP/IOP program on and off and especially the last week or so there.....I don't want to relapse but I can't seem to find a way to be content being sober I'm constantly bored..Everything I used to like now sucks and I feel like I'm running out of options cause I only know one place to turn but then all these sayings that I've learned run through my head and I think about how miserable I was while I was out there and then I start thinking well either way I'm fucked.....I'm hoping I can find a sponsor and begin step work again here but it's like I'm scared again.I formed a relationship with christ while down in florida turned my life over got saved and even baptized I feel like I'm disconnecting with that too....I just feel over all lost....It's like I know what to do keep going to meetings find a sponsor get in with a therapist etc. but even when I had all those things in Florida I still felt this wave of extreme boredom alot....I'm terrified because I don't wanna fall back and loose myself for good....
----------immediate responses--------

99 days is huge...don't give until now you've got this  
I feel some of the same feelings you described from time to time. Quitting alcohol is really hard. .When it happens I just focus on not drinking just for TODAY. Just close out the day and hopefully tomorrow will be better. Hang in there. Sounds like you know what to do....you will be at 100 days tomorrow. Good luck. I will not drink with you today!
I'm glad you came on here to post - way to go with that!..For me talking it out always seems to help. I don't know why that is...It took a while for me to figure out other ways to use my time in. .sobriety but so far it's working out being on here a lot going to ..meetings drawing getting more into music organizing stuff ..stretching out and meditating ( I like the talk-through kinds on.. youtube). It's a bit scary still at times for me but distracting ..myself has worked pretty well. One day was real bad and I just.. had to wait it out. You'll get there don't give up. :) ..IWNDWYT. You can do this! Thanks for sharing!
