-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bpzys/does_anyone_else_feed_the_needwant_to_come_out/

Currently at 108 days sober. (24yo /F). Lately have been feeling the urge to  come out  as a sober person. For me this involves alcohol (of which I am the binging/black out/do things I regret/always want more variety) and weed (which nothing ever bad happened but I was smoking daily and not doing much outside work). I feel like this would be very liberating to have it be known that substances have been a struggle for me but on the other hand I feel like it might lead to being judged personally and professionally. As a result I probably won't admit this publically but I wish it wasn't so taboo to talk about real problems that a lot of people likely face.  Since being sober noticing the alcohol culture (of which I sometimes wish I could be a responsible part) is insane. I see posts on my Instagram of  when I tell my friends I'm not drinking tonight and 10 drinks later  as if it's a positive/desired outcome. ..It would be nice to not have to fake a smile when people say  this X thing that happened makes me want a glass of wine don't you? .  Or not pass on an invite for a girls night out bc I want to hide that I'm not drinking (when in reality I'd probably have a great time sober and not make a fool out of myself). Maybe some day I will be strong enough to admit this; at least to family and friends / people other than my husband.  I wish that I could share how much of a  better person I am becoming without substances in my life without judging others who partake: since I believe some people can drink responsibly and have it not impact their life I'm not one of them. ..Anyway this turned into kind of a rant but at least this sub is a place where I can admit I'm an alcoholic with addiction problems in general (whether this be binge drinking or binge eating) ..I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I share with some friends.  But I'm very particular.  I despise the social pressure that people experience with drinking.  I wish I could wave a wand and make it go away.  
I've also found that people in general just really don't care if you quit drinking once they do find out. That's why I like this community everyone knows how big of a deal it is! Won't drink with you today. 
I view it as just another thing about my life that I tell some people and not others. Depends on the audience I suppose. 
I share very selectively.  When the drinking banter reaches uncomfortable levels for me I try to remind myself that my experience is different from those of others.  If asked repeatedly about drinking or offered a drink I usually wink and say "I'm retired" or "No thanks- I hit my lifetime limit."  "I don't drink" works just fine for me too.
I "came out" publicly at one year. Check my posts I shared it what I wrote a week or so ago. It was a huge step in my recovery process. 
Yes! The times I've been out with friends lately I've made excuses that I don't want to/I'm not in the mood/I'll be the DD. But it'd be nice for people to know not to offer me a drink/assume I am drinking. I'm lucky in that most of my friends here are new and I've tried to give the impression I am some one who drink only once in a blue moon but the expectation of me drinking with them is still always there.
YES!!!! I feel this post so much! 24yo girl here - I got away with doing sober October but now my friends are wondering when I'm going to start drinking again and inadvertently pressuring me due to the fact that I haven't actually told them I don't intend to drink for the forseeable future. So I've been holding onto a beer at parties without drinking it which works okay I guess but I'd love to be able to go through a party obviously not drinking without people whining about me being "boring" by not joining in the fun and drinking (that's happened). Keep me posted on what you decide to do but remember that there's no pressure and you have to do whatever's best for you day by day! I feel your pain and while I don't have an answer I will not drink with you today.
I'm out but I don't shout from the rooftops about it but everyone close to me knows.  I will share my story if the moment is right and the person or people I'm with I feel will respect what I say. What I am out with is being a person who doesn't drink no matter who or where I am. I'm not the least bit ashamed or feel awkward nor do I give a crap what anyone thinks. It's my life and my choice and no one will make me feel odd for the choice I've made. 
