-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bs0b8/struggling_drinking_increasing_nobody_to_talk_to/

Okay so I'm not drinking heavily but I know the signs very well because I have a long history with substances including alcohol. Four years ago I quite drugs and have to touched them since went through a long program in a therapeutic community in Italy and when I finished 3 months ago I moved to Milan. But already I can start to see that I'm doing things I told myself I wouldn't before - a couple of beers late on a weekday a beer after work AT my work when nobody else is there a drink at lunchtime before going back to work to get rid of my anxiety... Its slowly starting to increase and I know all too well the signs its starting to scare me because I've come too far to message things up now. Because of my situation I don't feel like I can talk to anyone my landlord who is connected to my old therapeutic community has already said that if I have one more drink he'll kick me out. The solution seems simple just stop drinking but I'm finding it really difficult and I dont feel free to talk to anyone. Maybe I'm just complicating things but there is more to it... Its a little difficult to explain in one sitting! But anyway I just wanted to get that out somewhere to someone... I am scared of what I'm doing. I'm scared that I'm starting to go into self destruct mode again. 
----------immediate responses--------

Want to tell us the  more to it? ..It sounds like not drinking is the key. ..Have you checked out the book This Naked Mind? It's highly recommended here on SD...
I understand you very well . I know the pattern of my drinking also . For me the best way to avoid the destruction is to stay away from alcohol . I'm here for you to talk to !! This is a great community  you are not alone .  
Yes it's a slippery slope...I'm definitely better sans alcohol!..I couldn't beat it alone. I kept making deals and promises with myself only to find a justification each day to drink.  I did beat it with support!..Alcohol interfered with my aspirations.  Removing it improved my life...Here's what I did...I struggled with labels.  How I wasn't "this" I wasn't "that" I'm not like "them"...Then I got honest about ONE thing and faced it:..*Alcohol + Me = Undesired Consequences*..I decided to eliminate alcohol associated consequences from my life...I went to meetings and immediately got support from people who understood what I was experiencing...I'm Free!
I didn't realize how much I was actually drinking until I re-read my diary recently. Oof!! Not a good look. I had a wake up call when I got a DUI a few months ago and took 34 days off from alcohol to re-evaluate my situation. I  am not an alcoholic. I  was a binge drinker with a  I am still so young and am just partying attitude . I was on a train to problem drinker town... that DUI was probably a blessing. I drink now  I'm in the minority of people that had been successfully moderating. After getting in trouble alcohol i sn't what I t had been before. Something changed. I  ts not important to me anymore. So basically  take a day off of alcohol. Just one day. See how that goes. No long term commitment. Then if that goes okay maybe try 2 days i f you survive 2 days i t's possible you could survive 3 days... etc. baby steps! You know something I s up that's really good! First step. Do you have access to a doctor? Maybe to talk about the anxiety issues? You're heading I n the right direction. This group I s an amazing resource for anyone who wants to change their drinking habits. You're not alone. Keep reading peoples stories! ..Good luck! ..(Tried to format to avoid dreaded iPhone keyboard error)
