-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bt4bm/coworker_invited_me_to_join_her_for_glass_of_wine/

We've gone out dozens of time for a glass (or two) of wine after work.  As we sat down and perused the happy hour menu I realized I had no intention of having wine. I didn't want it in the slightest and I said I'm  going to have water because I'm going hiking tonight. This was a true statement but it made me realize that I'll need to say something more in the future because the next time we go for a glass of wine I'll have water..or lemonade...and she'll wonder.  ..sometimes I think about the people around us who still drink. Many probably don't have a problem others may have one silently developing others may be struggling with their relationship with alcohol.  I never know who might be helped by my own story.  ..Have a great day everyone. I went to sleep feeling great and woke up feeling the same! :)  I hope you all did too.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;sometimes I think about the people around us who still drink. Many probably don't have a problem others may have one silently developing others may be struggling with their relationship with alcohol. I never know who might be helped by my own story...So very true.  It's most of why I am so open about my sobriety. I believe that if I am straight up and not self-shaming about it I can be present for others looking for the light and hopefully reduce stigma that can exist from those who don't understand.
Nice!!!
&gt; I never know who might be helped by my own story...After all the shit I got from my friends a couple have clung to me pretty hard on occasion if they didn't want to drink on a particular night.  Feels good to know that I stayed strong enough for both of us.
You don't need to say anything else / you own no one an explanation for what you do or do not drink.  I just tell my wine drinking  buddies I'm working out on a diet or etc etc.   or don't give any excuse.  The only one I've discussed it in detail with is my husband who is supportive of my decision to stop drinking alcohol.  
I so relate to this. I've had to deal with this lately. Im around drinkers. Not all have problems but a few seem to have a problem. I struggle with what to say when declining. I usually say "I've decided that I don't want to drink anymore" or "I don't drink" and with folks that can joke around "alcohol makes me stupid"
Having been on the other side I really think a lot of people that react badly fear they're gonna lose their buddy they like hanging out with. That was probably the case with me a couple of times. But we never cared when these same people come out and don't drink...I realize continuing going to bars is not possible for a lot of people here. But I also don't think decent friends care what you ingest. I've become a big fan of place with 'Mocktails'.
When I was drinking I always had to worry about what other thought of my drinking...When I first got sober I thought I still had to worry about what they think.  "What excuse will I give them what if they start to notice?  Will they find out I'm an alcoholic?  Do I need to keep coming up with new excuses?  Won't that start to look suspicious."..Nah don't have to worry about it.  Rarely had anyone asked when I don't drink with the others.  It's way less of an issue than I ever would have imagined.  Because normal people don't find it odd when other people choose not to drink.  ..If they find it odd that I'm not drinking then it's likely that they're an alcoholic or they already know I'm an alcoholic but don't know I'm sober now...Anyways I just don't worry about it.  If someone asks I just tell the truth.  What I say may depend on how I'm feeling but it will be the truth.  So it will either be "I'm not drinking today" "I quit drinking almost a year ago" "I don't want to be hung over tomorrow and I know if I have a drink with you now it'll lead to a few more at home tonight and a hangover tomorrow" or whatever else I feel like saying.  
Happened to me recently. I ordered my non-alcohol drink and she said 'oh not drinking?' and I said 'no it just makes me tired and kinda sad'. End of convo and then we had a nice time...I could equally have said 'tired' and left off the sad. You know it's true though... After 2 drinks her naturally energy was fading. I don't think people realize the true effects of booze especially if you're both drinking!
Great topic! I struggled with the question of how to tell people who offer me a drink "no thanks."..It turned out to be much easier in reality than in my worrying thoughts in advance. Funny how often that seems to be the case for me...People who are drinking don't seem to care much about whether I drink or not as long as it's ok with me if they drink (once that know that I don't anymore)...Telling someone that I'm an alcoholic is not high on my list of things I want to do unless I think that they might be one too and we could benefit from talking about it. The stigma of being thought of as a drunk hasn't completely disappeared from my world but it's getting less and less...Now my answer to an offer of a drink is very simple "No thanks I dont drink."..It works for me and apparently for them too..
Had an event last Saturday. Out of 45 people only one other person besides me wasn't drinking. At some point I was offered a glass again and again and again. "Are you sure?" - "Yep thanks I am good". "Are you sure?" "Yep thanks I am good". I had to say it maybe 7-8 times before the offers stopped. ..I find I owe no explanation to anyone and that phrase was all I needed. 
Ironic isn't it that alcohol is the only drug that you have to excuse yourself for not taking. And that you can risk being stigmatized because you've made a very smart decision about your health. Probably one of the main reasons people don't seek help or admit that they have a drinking problem even when they know it inside. It was true for me!.
This is an important topic. While it's easy enough to tell people I don't know very well that I don't drink or I'm not drinking tonight because I have to drive/work/operate heavy machinery ... it's more difficult to know what to say to good friends who have shared drinks with me on many occasions. I don't really want to tell them the full truth: "Yeah so after those two glasses of wine I had at our bookclub meetings I would go home and polish off a bottle stuff my face with salty snacks then pass out and feel like hot dog crap in the mornings." I told a couple of friends that I'm not drinking for health reasons but then that has triggered more questions - "what kind of health problems?" or "oh how long until you can drink again?" So I suppose it would be best to just say that I've quit drinking because I needed to. But I worry that maybe sometime in the future I'll relapse and everyone will be talking about me. Ugh. All I can manage is today. And I'm not drinking with you today!
My favorite way to respond to the "your not drinking?" question is a vague version of the truth.  I simply say "I don't like how I feel when I drink."  9 times out of 10 the person will pause and I can almost see them thinking "how does drinking make ME feel."
