-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bueem/i_keep_messing_up_and_am_beginning_to_feel_really/

Ignore my badge I relapsed this past month (badly) after being mia from here for a bit...The past 2 weeks I went on 2 5 day benders and I am so done. I missed a whole week at work and did not get paid for the days I missed and when you're poor cause all you buy is booze the paycheque's are pretty important...I write this to you after being sober for 1 day now shakily anxious and grumpy...I am so done with f***ing up. I am done with feeling awful being poor and unhealthy weight wise (drinking also brings out the binge eater in me) I am just done. I'm so disappointed in myself...Here's to day 1 and hopefully success this time.  I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried anything different that what you have been doing previously?  Have you tried some meetings etc?  It is tough breaking the cycle.  I had to do some fairly uncomfortable things to get me going in the right direction.  I hope you can find your path.  Best wishes. 
I'm with you man on the binge eating. That got really bad for me at the end. I went to a wedding obviously got loaded the entire time. I ate the meal at the reception. Then they had pizza at the end and I gorged on some of that. Then on the way home I went and got breakfast by myself and then I got an appetizer to go to have when I got home..I have no idea how I fit that much stuff in my stomach and the next days hungover I couldn't eat four bites of soup to save my life. .Anyway I'm with ya and I will not drink with you today. My appetite is just starting to come back and it's nice eating like normal and normal sizes.  
I'm right here with you too! Day one. Day by day. 
It took my 8 resets on this sub until I found the path that worked for me (not counting the hundreds of timed I tried to quit before finding SD). Keep trying man it is **SO** worth it. 
Welcome back. I had many resets too. You can do it this time. 
Hello icedcoffeetime! It took me a really long time to find all of the facts tools resources and concepts that helped me get to a point where I no longer found myself drinking...I got fired from a nice job because my body gave out due to my excess alcohol intake. Liver was failing and ammonia build up in my brain caused me not to be able to think clearly. Constant need to regurgitate &amp; endless panic attacks. When I got my next job I was there a week before relapsing for a month. I understand where you're coming from!..It took me around 5 years of hating everything especially myself before I found the things that clicked for me that aided in me stopping. Even after I was told I would die and it'd be agonizing that wasn't enough. All I could think as I stared at the doctor with jaundiced eyes and skin was well maybe that'd be for the best. It got a whole lot worse before it got better...Keep searching for the answers that click with you. There wasn't any one thing that solidified my resolve. After a hospital visit because the anesthetic effect of alcohol wasn't enough to numb out my physical pain anymore I finally gave up and told the social worker I don't know what to do. I was suicidal facing homelessness lost all my friends and family. I do not like asking for help appearing weak letting my guard down but well I was at the end. I signed up for an Intensive Outpatient Evening Program after that and found the base for my sobriety...I wasn't alone. This was the game changer. I'd never met anyone who used like me before. This gave me a strength I'd lost long ago. And then learning to express myself and repeatedly getting way out of my comfort zone. I would have laughed and said no thanks if I'd seen what the next few years would entail. Luckily a few of the sayings that border on being platitudes really worked for me at various stages of my change. The thing that keeps me dry today is knowing that it's not sustainable and I don't want to go thru the cycle again...Before really taking the deep dive I was presented with questions like 'What's wrong with you?' 'Why don't you just stop?' as if they hadn't ever occurred to me. I knew I was a walking abomination oozing despair and agony. Having shakes within 8 hours of my last drink barely being able to sign my name to buy my bottles and non-stop craving/dreams about alcohol every night sitting in work meetings sweating profusely feeling nauseous didn't give me a second of reprieve from the self-reinforcing cycle destroying my existence. This was normal. This was how things were. There couldn't be another way. To not drink signaled a complete death...Each person is different. Keep an open mind. It can be done!.
Congrats! Start with today and today only.  I won't drink with you today!
I have reset a couple times since starting this sub and countless before I think the key for me is to keep trying and trying and also stay really busy. Something has clicked this time I don't know what it really is but something is different. Stay strong! IWNDWYT.
I've reset in the passed as well my friend!!.Hang on tight!!  We can do this!!!
I will not drink with you today. And for what it's worth I know how it feels to be bound up in sticky threads and I am not disappointed in you. It's not a failure of will when there's a whole web dragging at your feet; sometimes it's a process of breaking a few silks then busting out the next time. Stick close and let us be here for you and try to be gentle with yourself. As a favor. :-) 
God my routine has been like 5 day streaks relapses and random guilty lurking. Im back today on day one with you. Lets keep in touch so its not so easy to go back 
I feel like a broken record -but something that helped me to answer that question: What do I do if I can't drink?  Try reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace - it really helped me turn my mind around..Stay strong - don't be disappointed in yourself - you came back to this site and we all know what you're going through. IWNDWYT
I could've written this post myself... Day one once again. Hopefully this time it will stick. Will not drink with you today.
Not drinking with you today you got this!
Welcome back!
