-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7buv81/101_days/

The past few days were tough but with the help of this awesome community I pulled through.  There are two things I see on this sub all the time that are worth repeating:..1.) Being sober doesn't fix your problems it gives you the opportunity to be clear-headed and tackle life's struggles by putting your best foot forward..2.) You can't do this alone.  Whether that means AA or SMART or RR or engaging here on SD.....you need others to overcome.  Isolation is the kindling that feeds the addiction fire.  Asking for help and support isn't weak it is a sign of strength and self-awareness. ..And if I could add my own......3.) Alcohol is only a symptom of the problem.  I found that once I removed alcohol from the equation the addict behaviors thoughts feelings and actions still prevailed until I began to unpack them.  Tackle what fuels you to drink.  Yes it is scary.  Yes it is hard.  See #2- ask for help.  Challenge yourself to be better.  Set goals. Make new habits. Develop new relationships. Walk in the path of those who have made this journey before you. You don't have to do this alone...I started my journey with [The 30-Day Sobriety Solution.](https://www.amazon.com/30-Day-Sobriety-Solution-Drinking-Privacy/dp/147679295X)  I did everything this book told me to do preformed every task to the best of my abilities and it put me on a good path.  I highly recommend it to anyone out there who is just starting and struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Wow yes #3 was really true for me. For a long time I felt great just having had removed the alcohol from my life. But slowly my "real" problems - the ones I was using alcohol to FIX/drown out - emerged. That's when I really had to get serious about recovery. Thanks!
This is a great post lovely Autumn :) I am so proud for you for the wonderful things that you are discovering for yourself &amp; for having the courage &amp; strength to do so!!! And I am especially grateful to be sharing this journey with you. Love hugs &amp; peaceful joy for you xxoo
happy for you Autumn 
