-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bvr7q/selfconfidence_i_found_some/

OHMYGODYOUGUYS! I got a job. ..I posted months and months ago about me trying to figure out what to do when I grow up. I've been a stay at home mom since before my son was even born... he turns 7 very soon. I'm lucky that I don't *need* to go back to work so I've not been actively looking. I've been doing childcare for other moms and volunteering at the school in the mean time. I wanted something part time that works around my son's school schedule and was rewarding (specifically working with struggling children). Kinda picky I know but this job that fits all the criteria just randomly fell into my lap. A friend who knows all about my sobriety brought this opportunity to me and I fully believe that she did because she's seen my growth in the past year. ..I went for an informal interview a few weeks ago. I wasn't nervous at all. For once I was confident in my abilities and am positive that I would be fabulous at this job. *I think this is what self confidence feels like!* And wow! What a feeling! ..I know this is just a small part time job but the potential for growth is there and I blame all this goodness happening to me on my sobriety. I had zero empathy for myself when I started this journey. My self-respect was in the gutter. Over time not only have I pulled myself up out of that pit but I am thriving and **happy** in sobriety. I have been kicking ass and I fucking love it. ..Don't give up. It's worth the fight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  Way to go.  I bet it feels great!
That's great way to go!
Congratulations!!! Sobriety gives us so many amazing gifts :)
Yes! Good luck with the job and keep kicking ass!
Way to go! I'm in a similar situation this is very inspiring   
Keep kicking ass girl!
Wooohooo!! Look at you  all kicking ass and taking names!! Congratulations on....everything! ..
Great effort. Congrats sounds like u r happy in ur own skin. That's a toughy for some of us like myself.
