-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bz7ga/looking_back/

8 months ago I chose to challenge my addiction to alcohol. And it's been a series of relapses that consistently happen. But I continue to fight hard because I know it's consuming me painfully. I wake up every morning feeling like shit. The first thing I want is a drink to pull my dry eyes wide apart. Dry because I'm so dehydrated. Dry is my brain because I cannot remember what stupid shit I did the night before. Yet I always come back to the first drink in the morning like a fresh pot of coffee. Knowing if I cannot have it the anxiety will arise faster than my hands shake. Faster than the noises get louder faster than the shadows start to fake. Trying to sleep but the insomnia overtakes. Small creatures crawling up that keep you awake. Seizures that put your body in a paralyzed state. Death that puts you in an unknown place.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm no expert at this at all but it sounds like you *may* need medical help with stopping. I would talk with my doctor to see if there's anything I need to take to help my body through stopping and recovery...Although the relapses seems to be consistent no relapse is like the other. You learn from each one. They're all different excuses different moments. Some you will never make others you have to make before feeling this wasn't it...In the end the only way is through. The things you experience are caused by alcohol not relieved by it. The more you drink the more you'll experience these things when not drinking. Even if you decide today to never quit your body will always feel like you're quitting and will always ask for *more* alcohol...The hardest physical part are the first 7-10 days. Then comes the Battle Of Remembrance: trying to remember how *uncool* alcohol was how *unfun* daily life became because of it...Fortunately you don't need to do any of at all at once nor all alone. You're only going to do one day at a time. You've not drank for 1 day somewhere in the past; you can do it. If the day seems long focus on the moment; do other things in the moment. Come here post browse comment upvote. And talk with us. Talk with us when the cravings hit and you're starting to make stories in your head. If there is no response soon enough join the live chat (check the sidebar on the web or on mobile go to the sub's front page hit the 3 dots in the top and select *community information*); there are people there 24/7...I'm not drinking with you today 
It's progressive...I needed support to get off the slippery slope...I went to meetings and found people who understood what I was experiencing..
Please look into a medical detox. It will get worse I know from experience. 
