-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7c5ga9/i_almost_had_that_afternoon_beer_at_work/

But I didn't. And then I almost stopped into one of the bars on my way to the bus but I didn't...I'm struggling within myself right now. I know I shouldn't drink and I know if I do I will have days of regret at the least and who knows what at the worst...I commented in SD this morning that I would not drink today. So no matter how shitty my Friday seems and how much my mind is telling me I  deserve to have fun  I am not going to drink today...But I am going to pick up some damn good dinner.
----------immediate responses--------

I've been working on a big presentation all week (this would be a huge contract if we win) &amp; I felt a little more than wistful today when the others on the team headed off to the bar.  I'm the only woman the only one who isn't a staunch conservative &amp; the only one who doesn't drink.  It gets to be a lonely feeling sometimes.  But I realized that my attitude today has been all wrong.  I'm lucky to work among others who respect me; gender is really a non-issue.  I enjoy hearing other perspectives &amp; bantering with my coworkers. People like you &amp; I aren't just non-drinkers; we are enjoying the blessings of sobriety.  We pass by bars like champs! :)  Soldier on my sober friend.  I won't drink with you tonight.
family dog was put down this morning. we share the notion of  almost  stopping in the bar today. but we didn't...i have however drank an entire 2 liter bottle of diet cream soda since i got home. that stuff is tasty...gonna feel good tomorrow AM. thats for sure.
I ALMOST drove to get booze.  I thought about it on my way home.  The idea and all the addictive old reasonings surfaced.  Instead I coached myself to think of what I really wanted (a signal work week was over relax time) so I thought wouldn't it be more fun to stay up late and watch all the TV shows I haven't had time to watch?  So that's my treat tonight...Keep fighting.  I'm right there with you! 
This is exactly what the daily check in is for and why it's so important.  I admire you for sticking with your plan. I'll bet you don't regret your decision tomorrow when you wake up in the morning!.. I hope you enjoy your dinner and find yourself a nice dessert to go with it. I will not drink with you tonight... or tomorrow :)
You deserve to have fun every morning. Sober mornings are so much more fun than any nonsense I ever did drinking the night before. The coffee tastes better and I can actually complete a thought. 
yeah spend that money on some delicious yummies! Also buy a bottle of diet coke or fresca or something of that sort to sip on. good for you OP!
1 hour of drinking 3 hours of recovery(4 hours wasted!).  it's a bad equation! get a great dinner!
