-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cffa3/strongest_urge_to_drink_in_a_while/

Hey SD! Sorry for lack of formatting. I'm on mobile. I've been lurking here for a while and I'm loving the supportive atmosphere. I got dumped yesterday and although it hurts and there is no reason to drink I'm seriously struggling. I've been sober almost 11 months and this is the strongest urge to drink since stopped drinking. I don't want to want to drink to dull this. I won't be drinking with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. You know you are strong. The feeling always passes and I always feel better when I have stood fast. Good luck friend!
Stay strong!!! I'm sure you know nothing will be made better by alcohol. Glad you're here - keep coming back. I will not drink with you today.
You have made it through lots of difficult times in the last 11 months without drinking. You can make it through this too. I will not drink with you today.
Stay strong and be kind to yourself today.  We all go through traumatic episodes that challenge our sobriety.  Use the confidence and trust you have built in yourself the last 11 months to get through this situation. We believe in you!
When things aren't going well and a craving strikes I always try to imagine how shitty the next morning will be if I decide to relapse. My problems will still be there and I will be horribly and shamefully hungover. No "benefit" I receive from getting drunk will outweigh the next morning. Keep pushing through!
At 11 months I'm sure you've got some positive changes you can focus on. ..Sometimes when I really struggle I sit and write down the things sobriety has given me (or given me back). It tends to help refocus me on why I'm doing it. ..Happy to not drink with you today. 
Just went through the same thing. 10 year relationship. DO NOT DRINK! It will only make your anxiety depression and sorrow come back with a vengeance tomorrow. Be kind to your future self. If you drink today you're basically saying a great big "Fuck You" to your future self that will have to deal with the breakup with a hangover disappointment and anxiety tomorrow. ..If you drink today you're only borrowing happiness from yourself tomorrow. ..I will not drink with you today friend
Don't drink today friend it will help nothing. If you must drink save it for tomorrow. You know as well as i do the chances of you having to drink tomorrow are much slimmer then today!! Break ups for us people having to deal with it sober is horrible and we all know that. You have 329 sober days. Guard them like gold!! I sure do. IWNDWYT!!
It won't help.  It never did in the past and it will not begin helping today.  All the problems will still be there tomorrow and worse..Now is the most important time to reflect on yourself and become stronger!
