-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cgt6p/time_to_tattle_on_my_brain/

I had gone on a business trip this past weekend and everything went more or less fine. I did have an awfully tempting set of thoughts however given the "no one's looking" circumstances. I've been sort of feeling like giving in a bit lately which is odd in that most of the time I very much so like the fact that I've quit drinking and generally running through the pros and cons is enough to keep me on track. ..I think there are aspects of my life lately that are eroding some of the foundations of my sobriety all the same: the feeling of not fully belonging to a group when they are drinking being one. The job I am doing which is relatively new (3 months in) is also wearing on me very rapidly. It's sort of a weird environment (marketing) wherein the people around me are often motivated by things that don't make me feel good about what I'm doing. The job pays very well however and can greatly help me get to the point where my wife and I can move forward with some of our plans having kids chief among them. I've also done so much job hopping in my life that I just so badly want for this job to be something sustainable. There are also parts of my own state of mind that I need to continue work on as well and that is a struggle; I have an awful problem with arrogance and keeping myself humble. I'm the kind of person who just can't keep his mouth shut even when I know better; in my field self-confidence is really important but it's a fine line that I walk every day. I guess in total it has been enough to make me want to give in to my lesser self. ..There's a good chance I could benefit from some outside help such as from a therapist which is something I think I'm going to look into very soon. But I do believe that it's important to tattle on my brain when it's in this state. I really don't want to relapse and go back to the state of life I was in when I was drinking: overall everything has improved in my life over the past two years. ..I guess I'm just getting all of this out of my head and putting it where it belongs: in a post about the truth regarding my state of my mind at the moment among the people I trust most regarding all this stuff here on SD. Letting it sizzle inside of my mind will only lead to one place and given the vast amount of negative things that are in that place I just don't want to go back there..
----------immediate responses--------

Nice post! Marketing is also a big part of how I make my living and it does raise questions in my mind sometimes about how I feel about what I do. I have decided that I'm fine with my occupation...Business travel was also a challenge for me and I am so glad that I don't do that anymore. I paid a huge price for being away so much including a failed marriage. Making lots of money was great but it came at too high a price. This work was not marketing related...I am now making much less money doing marketing that I enjoy. I don't know if it's really working for my clients but they seem to think so and keep doing business with me. My point is that I made a decision to ditch a high-paying lifestyle for a more satisfying one that fit my personality better. I think I'm much happier as a result...It's been over 10 years since I've had a drink. Is my life perfect? No but it's great for me. Telling on myself was a very important part of how I got here. Cheers!..
Isn't it amazing that we have all this time in and our brain is still trying to convince us to drink? Good on you for tattling. I've been more dry than sober lately and it's not really helping me. I feel the awkwardness too since I'm one month in to a new job. ..I remind myself how impossible this all would be if I was drinking and remind myself it's just part of the disease. ..Sending you strength!
I too have done a ridiculous amount of job-hopping and have never stuck with anything for more than a year.  No matter how shitty the job seems I'd definitely suggest sticking it out.  Hardly any work is ever fun--it's not called "fun-time" for a reason.  The alternative of disappointing your wife and starting the job-hunt all over again is likely going to be even less fun...I'm starting to realize that perhaps as addicts we expect life to be too easy and "fun" most of the time when in reality it is a daily grind that most others just accept. ..I believe that the expectation that one should love their work sets a lot of people (particulary addicts) up for failure and disappointment.  
