-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ciqj8/i_went_3_days_without_talking_to_another_person/

Yep 3 freaking days of staying isolated in my home &amp; garden - I didn't shower or do my daily face cleanse &amp; I even stopped eating properly &amp; didn't take my meds as prescribed! And somehow I had convinced myself that I was practising *self kindness*..... That I was so freaking exhausted that I didn't need to do anything at all......In the last couple of weeks I have also stopped meditating &amp; doing my morning stretches - I'm too tired or I'm too busy I tell myself But the thing is I am not busy in fact I have a serious lack of anything that I *need* to do But I am also not doing very much of what I *want* to do either! ..I am allowing myself to stagnate. After almost 100 days (a slip 25 days ago) of gratefully living sober I can feel the changes that lead to relapse happening..... Resentment lack of humility not feeling gratitude wanting to completely withdraw from the world - including here with you my wonderful life line of amazing people who are friends &amp; family for me. I am allowing the *who gives a fk* thoughts to intrude on the *I love what I can do when I live alcohol free* feelings.....I have been here so many times before I **know** what leads to relapse for me And I am scared.... But this time I have you guys I have AA &amp; I have my psychologist &amp; support people - okay so I don't have family or friends but that is by choice I need to remind myself of that..... I chose not to have contact with my family many many years ago because of their toxicity &amp; I choose to not socialise with the people I called *friends* because they abuse alcohol drugs each other &amp; themselves..... I do have people that I am friendly with &amp; now that I no longer drink I am not ashamed to talk with them &amp; I now have a chance to make new friends...So this is me reminding myself of why I want to live alcohol free for me for my future for a belief &amp; hope in myself for personal growth for the ability to laugh at nothing or to cry at sad movies. To learn &amp; accept that I can love &amp; be loved by people who honestly care about me &amp; wanting to spend time with those people to feel proud of the new things I am learning - how to crochet how to do woodwork how to pick grubs off my snow pea leaves that dusting my home is not a punishment but will help me feel better that using my face creams daily will help me look better &amp; there is such a thing as too much Netflix - *it's all about the simple shite* LOL..I am learning how to live well for myself &amp; I have only myself to live well for But some days it feels like an impossible road to travel &amp; I make it harder by putting my own road blocks in place I almost deliberately stop myself from doing the things that bring me pleasure just so I can immerse myself into a pity party &amp; a "I knew you were not worth it" spiral......Not this time Self Sabotage &amp; Booze Goblins!!! I have SD &amp; together we are stronger! Thank you for been here especially on those days where it looks like I am ignoring you all I will be lurking &amp; reminding myself of how much love there is here :)..Stay strong stay brave &amp; stay optimistic xx..I will not be drinking with you all today &amp; thank you for reading another rambling Quirky post! .
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for this post- it's always fascinating to me to read everyone's different journey and path along to the same sobriety goal
I heart you QHG. I feel so much of this. I feel so similarly to you it's eerie. It hurts. These past few days have *hurt*. You are not alone. I am so proud to be by your side in this journey. I am proud of you. We're in this together.  
I am glad you are coming around! It can be easy to sort of slip into that head space. I too struggle at times. WE got this!!
Thank you this helps remind me why I am where I am in life. The temporary sacrifices I have made for a very hopeful future. 
Great post hon!..I've been in the doldrums a bit of late too as you know and my to-do list is sitting there accusingly... oh well as long as the bare essentials get done *and* we're not drinking that still counts as a win in my book!..I'm off to bed shortly so hope you have a good one whatever you get up to!..IWNDWTY..Woody :&gt;)&gt; xxx
Lovely post and I'm a bit envious of your fine-tuned self-awareness Quirky :)  I get you about facecream - skin care / grooming are the first things to fall by the wayside when I start getting low and one of the first things to come back when I'm feeling better. 
You definitely are not alone. Man! do drinking problems and isolation go hand in hand. I never knew about that until I started quitting drinking a few years back and got a therapist. Unbeknownst to me I am a life long isolator! .I always look forward to reading your posts... I joined SD 4 weeks ago. After a short while there a list of names that were familiar to me. You are definitely one of them. Always supportive kind and fun! Connections come in all different packages I'm learning. .It's great that you can feel the storm a brewing before it gets out of control. Now that you broke out of your cocoon today maybe shake it up for 3 next days try a different approach. .Stretch and take care of yourself! You deserve it. Read the comments you wrote for everyone on SD treat yourself with the same kindness and support!
Hey Beautiful Girl - I was looking for you and the lovely Q Homestead this morning...I'm glad I'm reading this now and I'm glad you're OK! I'm heading to sleep now...but I'll sleep MUCH better knowing that you T&amp;S are all good ;). I'll be on here in the AM sweetie...sending love and warm hugs (and a big ass sign that says 'please come out and play at SD tomorrow' lol)!!!! xoxo &lt;3
          !!!!
You can do it Hat Girl. You're our hero!
Keep at it! One day at a time one foot in front of the other.
I think I might be bipolar.   I've never been diagnosed.   But just going days without talking to people  not answering my phone  having to ask myself questions like "when was the last time i showered?" And "what was the last thing I ate?"..I'd come to believe that the manic highs were like a balancing out of the weeks of crippling depression. ..Schedule.   Routine.  Patterns.   Take the damn meds especially when i don't feel like it.  It's all very boring at times until i realize the infinite potential within the patterns.   ..It takes awhile to get down.  Not having alcohol constantly throwing me off balance really helps.  Now when i get knocked off track  i try and get back on schedule.  It prevents me from spinning out of control. 
Sending lots of support from Colorado! Very brave of you to call yourself out and not hide. We're behind you!!
Thank you for writing this :) I really relate to the realization of ..&gt;I am allowing the *who gives a fk* thoughts to intrude in the *I love what I can do when I live alcohol free feelings.....I also relapsed 2 weeks ago after over 170 days alcohol free. It was very much because I let the "who gives a fk* in... Well I give a fuck. 
I don't understand the not taking meds part-OP is this an attempt at sobriety without the help of any pharmaceuticals? The rest of the post I understand but...
I'm envious. Enjoy the solitude.
Hey QHG! I was looking for you! I have to be vigilant in my sobriety as well. That demonic voice in my ear will whisper that I wasn't really that bad or what the f life is short. I was ready to relapse yesterday.  Stress opportunity all the factors were set in place. When the waitress came around "hot tea" came out of my mouth. Soon others at the table were ordering tea. Be strong Quirks! We love ye! .Dusting is a punishment!  The god of dust sits mockingly and laughs at the unending chore!
Hi there Q I read this earlier but couldn t bring myself to answer it. Then you replied to me...So many things are so real. The stagnation the changes that lead to relapse the resentment... there are so many things that one just has to deal with that seem overpowering under any circumstance. Letting those thoughts get the upper han is so destructive. A couple of days ago I wrote about the slow slip [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7bvq5g/bargaining_with_the_badge_in_10_slippery_steps/) starting with an indulgence ending in the who gives a f and that thought who gives a f - well the only way I learned to battle that thought is to say hey *I* give a f about someone else and if I m *this* bad at giving fs they should be much better than me meaning - they *do* give a f but they reach me just as incompletely as I reach them *and* just as heartfelt. If my fs are supposed to mean anything theirs will as well...Growing and becoming a better person is maybe the hardest thing to do. I feel like I m failing all the time. That s when I remind myself of which voice that is that I m hearing and that I can actually choose my reality choose which reality I want to live in...Q you keep amazing me with your mindblowing take on life. You are truly inspiring.
I often blur the lines between "healing" and "hiding".  I'm a hider by nature so it's hard to call it healing for me.  I still don't know which it is when I do it. ..
I'm so sorry I only just saw this but I don't know what to say to help except you already seam to have it sorted in your own head and I wish I was as wise as you. What wonderful insight you have. You are always so lovely and supportive to everyone else that I can offer you no great words of wisdom but send you a great big virtual hug from the other side of the world and I look forwards to hearing more positivity from you tomorrow and the next day xx
I'm also reminding myself that I do things for myself - and to make sure I'm doing things for myself...So even though yes cleaning and self-care takes some time and money - it's a reminder that I'm worth that care and I'm worth that care unto myself &lt;3..So happy for your awareness and thank you for reflecting mine :)
