-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cj0vt/events_without_alcohol_are_less_fun_but_drinking/

I had my first real challenge/temptation last night. Saturday night I went to a cool location to attend a launch party for a shoe brand. Free drinks free food. I killed some time at a funky urban market before hand and then went across the street to the event. .Everyone there knew each other was a shoe model in the show or a family member of the shoe models/owner. .I wound up eating the free food and sitting on the couch by myself instead of working the room and networking like I planned. .This is just the kind of event that __-ty glasses of *free* wine would have improved dramatically...or would it?.The hangover the 7 trips to the restroom the blurriness. The worry that I said or did something weird or appeared drunk. .The overspending on drinking later at another event the regrettable actions. .The thing is...okay so drinking is not really fun. .But neither are these events! .But neither is always doing "sober" stuff (chores working on my book whatever.) .I want to go to glam downtown stuff and have fun. I want to attend cultural events and openings and launches and enjoy them. .Any help? 
----------immediate responses--------

I can really relate to this.  It sounds like you need sober friends who want to do interesting stuff downtown. ..Have you looked on Meetup to see if there's a sober meetup group in your area?  Or tried different AA meetings to see if there are people about your age who you can talk to?  What about a sport - join a running or cycling group? 
I hear you.  The longer you are sober the more comfortable you will be in these situations.  It took me about 6 months to get my equilibrium at these type of outings.  It also helped that I did them with sober friends and family.  Even today if I was going by myself with no known support I would either take a pass or make a short stop and move along.
It sounds like a classy event with a boring theme (and I like shoes!). Going to museums checking out live music or new coffee places shopping...all of these things are fun for me sober. So is lying in bed reading with my favorite tea snuggled with my dogs. It took me awhile to find out what true enjoyment was think of it as an adventure.
Check this map of 'conscious dance' happenings around the world... sober folks by choice without the 'ex-drinker' stigma.https://consciousdancer.com/events/map/
