-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cjgbj/first_share_in_aa/

Made it a month got my chip got up the guts to speak for the first time towards the end of tonight's aa then cried like a baby...So embarrassed!! Never seen another person cry in there...I have been feeling really meh lately. I remember feeling meh about this time in my sobriety last year so have put it down to paws and emotions setting in and to be honest i'm glad I am not flying high because I don't trust myself to not get too congratulatory then want to drink to celebrate...I'm a perfectionist by nature I am regimented and work much like a  functional alcoholic' usually getting my daily list done.  This month has been very different. I was made redundant which is why I decided to stop drinking (too much paid free time was going to end in tears) and aside from working on job hunting (now secured to start December) have achieved nothing.  My usually consistent exercise has stopped completely DIY I promised myself I'd do remains half done I'm eating crap lying on the couch most days playing Xbox because that's the only thing I can be bothered with or that gives me pleasure - it's like I've run out of steam for anything constructive.  I've done 6  or so meetings but it's been more difficult the last 3 weeks as I haven't had a car (I get a car with work) and live in the sticks.  My partner dropped me there this eve whilst he was closer to home.  On the whole I have found myself withdrawing from ppl (which is typical when I feel like a failure) and feeling very discontent then frustrated and disappointed in myself for being such a pathetic brat.  ..People said things in the meeting that helped me understand my feelings which I wasn't expecting.  I basically wanted to say thanks for that and for the women who made me go tonight - I gave a bit of the above info then said I realised that I was struggling being just me - sober me - as I've always looked for SOMETHING to alter myself (diet pills anti depressants drugsbooze not all at once but each has had its place). My mind runs 100 miles an hr all the time thinking of what I need to do should do what I might have forgotten and when/how I'll do it all.  I get tired of constantly being responsible.  My inner child comes out and I get a bad case of the fuckits - luckily right now I don't want to drink and don't miss drinking at all but I'm avoiding everything else cause  fuckit'. As I was saying all this I started to blub uncontrollably; I give seminars to 50+ppl regularly without a quiver and here I am crying when speaking to about 10 and shaking like a leaf.  It was everything I feared.  Then I lost my trail of thought and summed up by basically ranting between sobs I JUST MISS SWITCHING OFF! III JUSTT MISS ITTTTT!..it was horrendous.  ..I also seem to attract certain personality types as I look younger than I am and the crying likely calls out to those with mothering but forceful nature's - i hate being molly coddled hugged or mothered and particularly can't abide being told what to do; a lady is trying to take me under her wing and was talking about getting me a sponsor and doing the steps and that I needed to call her when I get home and again in the morning. I don't want it - it just adds another responsibility that I can't be arsed with!  I don't need monitoring and feel like a cow saying that as I know it comes from a good place but now I have to set boundaries and create distance and that is so awkward.    I need to start being more brash and saying no thanks when ppl offer unsolicited help...
----------immediate responses--------

Woman I know said she cried every time she shared for ten years.  She's 30 years sober.  Slow your mind and keep coming back.  You'll meet the right woman sponsor one day.  Take it easy. 
Sounds cathartic!..It helps me to empty my "internal dumpster" on some regular basis...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Who do you look up to?  What do you look up to?  What inspires you?  What makes you feel peaceful?  What do you think about wisdom?  What do you think is honorable?  What do you stand for?  How do you express yourself?  How do you let go?  
It took me a while to get comfortable in AA. I didn't want a sponsor I didn't want to do the steps I just knew I never wanted to drink again. Luckly I found my tribe got a sponsor and just did what he said to do. Yes I had to come out of my she'll a bit yes I had to do some things that felt like chores but in return my life got better and I no longer have the desire to drink alcohol. As I continue to stay plugged in my life continues to get better. This subreddit absolutely was/is key to my sobriety but it's only one tool I needed many. Good luck in your journey :)
