-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7clp2d/relapsed_alcoholic/

Just joined. I am an alcoholic. I'm a married stay at home mom. My husband has put up with my binge drinking and lying trying to cover it up etc. for the past year. He knew I drank excessively before but I didn't hide it. A month ago I relapsed  and he told me he had enough. My marriage means everything to me as do my children. I decided to be honest with myself and him and admit my problem and to have restrictions so he could try to start trusting me again. I used to sneak money to buy alcohol. I honestly hadn't even thought of drinking since. Well last week my young toddler was shoving toys in an air vent. I went to grab the toy and saw a brown bag. A large beer I must've hidden months and months ago. I grabbed it. Contemplated throwing it away but I thought "just one last beer and never again". Drank it. He questioned my breath but I lied. He just found the can and doesn't want to speak to me. I'm proud I didn't go out and buy any but ashamed I couldn't just put it down the sink. I told him I'd do anything and that I've made progress by not going out and buying it. I just couldn't throw it away. I'm ashamed and disgusted and scared. Please advise me Reddit. 
----------immediate responses--------

Any advice anyone could give you would just be hitting you over the head with a stick.  And there's no point in hitting someone who is already beaten down...Instead of advising you can I invite you to start with Day 1?  I'm on Day 2 it's way better than day 1.  I'm looking forward to Day 3.
Forgive me for saying it but I don't think you really need any advise as I believe you already know the answers.  In the end it comes down to what matters the most.  Your family and your health......or having another drink??..If in doubt play the tape forward in your mind and see how it might end depending on the choices you make. Only you can have that first drink and only you can make a commitment not to........This is a wonderful community and we are all here to help and support you.  I wish you well :) 
Keep trying! There are different paths to sobriety. AA works for some Smart Recovery is another option. I think Refuge Recovery is the Buddhist recovery group. If you're struggling quitting on your own any one of those groups might be helpful. ..Take it one day at a time. Just for today don't drink. ..I won't drink with you today!
[removed]
Admitting that we have a problem that we are powerless over alcohol and that our lives are unmanageable is the first step. Congrats on finding the honesty and clarity to admit this to yourself and in this post to a group of strangers. There are many avenues to help. A therapist and AA helped me.  While it took me a while to find a therapist who was accepting patients meetings were easy to find and happening at all hours of the day and I found a lot of support there once I was willing to open up and accept it. Welcome and good luck.
