-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cngb0/struggling/

Only halfway through day one and I'm struggling already night time will be the real test though...Eating a lot of junk food to stave off the cravings..not ideal but better than alcohol. I  don't want to give up. 
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this hang in there!
Right here with you on day one. We got this!
Day one or one hundred the struggle is very real. But you have support here if you need it and I will not drink with you today.
Hang in there!! Days 1-5 were easily the toughest for me. Around Day 9 I started to feel a bigger shift in the right direction. ..Stick it out. You can do this! It will get better. 
You can do this! Rent a movie eat junk food and relax. I'm right there with you. I will not drink with you today
Day 1-3 or 4 blows you kinda just need to accept it. Drink some pedialyte and keep your hands/mind busy. You got this take care and stay strong IWNDWYT!
I'm with you in my thoughts... stay strong! 
Keep it up after the first week it is nowhere near as bad. ..You aren't alone. I won't drink with you today.
Do you feel like having a full stomach diminishes the cravings?
Day one for me too. Haven't gone a day without drinking in probably 2 years so it's going to be interesting. I will NOT drink with you today brother. 
The first week or so is the worst. You will feel so much better when you get to the others side of this. I won't drink with you today!
It gets easier. What helped me most right out of the gate was rediscovering my old hobbies (and perhaps some comfort food &amp; soda). Glad you are here with us and congrats on your sobriety. I will not drink with you today!
I'm back on the train with you.  It seems to me the first time I quit was harder.  There are great reads in the sidebar under Saturday Shares that are motivating.
It's going to get a lot easier. When I first quit there were a couple days in the beginning that I went to bed at 7 or 8pm just to avoid it completely. Stay strong it's going to be worth it!
Hey! I never had a problem with day one until the last few months and I don't remember the last time I didn't drink. ..Until yesterday! Today is my day two and I did not really expect it but it feels so great to be completely sober for over 24 hours. ..When I have a hard time with day one I have felt awkward reaching out because 'it's not a big deal' but all I had to do was vent for like 5 minutes to my gf and it helped. I'm here and we are all here not drinking with you today!
I get to a meeting when I'm struggling!
You can do this. The cravings are a bitch at the first 30 days but each day is easier than before.
Waking up and being hit with the fact that you made it through the night without drinking is the best feeling in the world. Its all a matter of outlasting your old you just long enough to make it to your new you. Stare that sumbitch in the eyes and enjoy the fact that he/she is squirming in pain. It means they're almost gone. Wave goodbye with a smile on your face and step into your new life. Free. .."I'm so glad the madness is over.".-Colin Farrell
I slept a lot those first few weeks. Drying out was exhausting and the sleep was the only way for me to get relief from the cravings. Sleep and sugar were helpful. 
I liked me some smoothies.  the more bitter the better.  Blueberries.  I swear u can get drunk on antioxidants as your body recoils in horror from nutritious intake :)..u can do it.  the voice in your head can't control your arms hands and throat.  Only u can
What helped me the most in the first 6-7 months was [The Daily Check-In](https://redd.it/7cksrw) and AA. Something very powerful happened in my brain Each and Every Morning when I typed those five little words "I will not drink TODAY." If I felt the lizard speaking to me later in the day I remembered the commitment I made to myself and kept EXTRA Busy and/or went to a meeting. The more times I resisted the urge the less power I gave it and the easier it got.  Stopping drinking was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life (I'm 56).  It takes "Dogged Persistence" to not take that first drink.  Good luck!
Someone posted something a while back that I believe: go with your morning thought not your evening thought.
Join me in a Snickers bar and a cup of coffee?? :)
Day 12 for me. I'm allowing all the junk food i want right now. To get me through this. It does help me with cravings .
Keep up the good work! Its so hard but totally worth it. 
I'm so happy I've gotten through two nights!! I relapsed after 9 months and it's scary how hard it's been to convince myself to quit again. I have such a hard time getting started. I think I can be more sane every night I don't drink and it seems to get easier as I get out of the habit. I have to scratch and claw to get past the first night or two but I want this monkey off my back!!!! I don't want it to control me which is exactly what it has been doing!.
Thank you all for your comments i appreciate all the words of support and knowing I'm not the only one struggling i came very close to going out to get some but i haven't i had dinner and got changed into my pyjamas raiding the cupboards for some chocolate soon..then slump into bed ready for another struggle tomorrow.
One minute one hour one day at a time. IWNDWYT 
It's worth it to not drink. Visit this sub often and hang in there!
