-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cu3x6/she_showed_me_who_i_am_she_was_my_mirror/

I'm struggling through a hangover from a two-week bender after a 53-day streak and posted earlier and did end up leaving the bar. But the loneliness crept up and I live in an area where you can walk to tons of bars and restaurants. I told myself I was just going to eat but we know that's just denial. I thought about having just one. It's never just one for me and if I did have that one I would be out at the bars/clubs right now and not writing this...I sit down and go to a place I actually never frequent I just remembered they had deals on Monday. I'm sitting there for a few minutes figuring out what to do and if I'm going to drink. I tell myself I can always stop tomorrow. Well I told myself that for the past two weeks...A girl comes in and sits down next to me. She's a beautiful girl but she has a black eye she's visibly drunk and she also recognizes me from the other night. I was on a date but I do remember her she was extremely intoxicated and barely standing up. I give her a hug which she was reluctant to accept and it seemed like she was holding back tears. I asked her what was wrong and she said she was out yesterday lost her phone ended up getting kicked out of another bar and that her car was parked nearby and she was going to have one more drink and drive home because she couldn't call an Uber. She orders a drink. I told her I would call her an Uber on my phone because it's not worth it. She says I'm right and doesn't drive. ..She says she didn't go to work today and didn't call in (no phone) so she probably lost both her jobs. She said there was no way of letting them know. Well I also know it's because she had to have been extremely hungover this morning to put the pieces together. She tells me how she wants to go somewhere more  lively' so she can find a guy to buy her a drink. She's slouched over the bar counter she looks like she's collapsing. She can't hold eye contact. Her skin her eyes everything just showed me all the signs of alcohol. Her and I were also at the same bar yesterday. I crossed paths with her multiple times over the weekend. I just . felt like I was looking right at myself. ..I felt like I was looking at what is going to happen in my life if I don't stop now. What a gift she gave me. She gave me the gift of being able to see myself. Before I lose my job my phone before I go out and have guys who want to get me drunk and then try to sleep with me. The timing couldn't have been more perfect my heart hurts for her and I hope that she makes it home safe tonight. When I asked her what her name was she told me that she didn't even know who she is anymore but she thinks it might be Christine. I didn't know who I was the last two weeks either because alcohol took that away from me...I've done this before and I felt amazing. Someone who worked there asked if I was still sober and I replied that I don't drink during the week anymore. He told me I inspired him to stop drinking as much and he had saved up enough money to take some pretty cool trips. That made my heart happy. I had someone else reach out to me that worked in the industry discreetly and asked how to quit. I felt like a hypocrite because I was still drinking but knowing I can inspire others helps too. Pay it forward. I hope this inspires someone who might be feeling like I did earlier thinking that one more night won't hurt one more drink won't hurt it's all these little decisions that add up to the things that ruin our lives. ..Last time I quit for 53 days I saw a massive shooting star on the way to the gym at 5 am that morning. I felt like this was another sign from the Universe that alcohol doesn't add any brightness to my life. ..Love you SD and I won't drink with you today &lt;3 .
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this story with us. It's words like these that help me so much on this journey. Seeing that the struggle is real and realising again and again that it's never one drink and that alcohol will take it all eventually. Why oh why do we start to romanticise this bastard after a while being sober? .Love the shooting star and it does surely look like a sign... .I will not drink with you today. 
I've experienced seeing myself in other people too . It's actually a good thing . Stay tough!
Great to see ya back girl! My heart goes out to Christine I hope she finds the help that she needs and deserves. Good on you for your amazing *awareness* and for *doing something about it* - beautiful! 
&gt;What a gift she gave me..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
