-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cu8jh/how_do_you_handle_the_long_term_considerations_of/

Hello..  I decided to stop drinking (in my late 20s) because I wouldn't really drink during the week but I would just go absolutely crazy (mainly out of social anxiety) on the weekends. After my last embarrassment I made the decision to stop. The weekends are tough but I feel so so much better that I feel like I'm glowing with well being sometimes...  My question is this: How do you deal with those thoughts in the back of your mind about how you might drink again? Thoughts like  If something bad happens to me I'll probably want a drink in the distant future  or  How will I meet people if I don't socialize at bars? . I struggle a bit with fomo as well as integrating not drinking into my identity (acting like an ass is not part of my identity)...I wish you all well.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! For me i cannot think of it as "long term" i know i will want to drink. It gives me too much anxiety honestly...I take it day by day. Sometimes that's hard so maybe hour by hour minute by minute. After each moment that has passed and I haven't had a drink I win. ..I hope this helps :) 
I've come to realise that I'm not missing out on anything good by drinking. When I reflected on my life as a drinker there was always one common denominator that brought destruction and pain to my life... Alcohol. ..With a strong daily program I don't have to think about how long I wont be drinking because all I know is I won't be drinking today. This has also helped with things like social anxiety because I don't think about the future situations the way I used to and that fear no longer ruins my life. 
[removed]
Long term:  I haven't told myself that I will never drink again.  I tend to obsess or gravitate towards things that are off limits.  ..Short term:  I have a sort of thought process that I follow;..1.  If I "need" a drink right now then I have a problem with alcohol and I absolutely should not drink right now because of this problem...2. If I don't need a drink right now then I can wait a day or two to have a drink.  So I won't drink today...Retraining my brain has worked pretty well for me even if some of the things I do to train it seem sort of silly.  After months of training the desire to drink has really diminished and I just don't feel the pull much anymore.  ..My fears have shifted too: thoughts like ..&gt; If something bad happens to me I'll probably want a drink in the distant future..have turned into "if something bad happens what safety nets do I have set in place to support me financially emotionally and physically?"  How can I work on strengthening those nets?..&gt; How will I meet people if I don't socialize at bars? .."What sorts of activities can I do that will introduce me to people that share my interests and passions?"  Do I even know what my interests and passions are anymore?  How can I make time to pursue them?..I feel like I'm rambling sorry.  This was a thought provoking post so thanks for that...Forever is too intangible.  I will not drink with you today.
I have learn that drinking to solve anxiety problems worked in the short term and was a disaster in the long term. Nobody came up to to tell me that I was about to cross a line in my drinking that there was no coming back from. I crossed that line and became an alcoholic over time. Now I know that I can't drink at any time for any reason...The addicted little voice in the back of my mind raged and fumed and stomped its little feet but I eventually learned not to listen to it and not to give it strength when I heard its voice trying to lure me back to drinking...I didn't have all the answers at first like what to do on the weekends. Immersing myself in recovering from my addiction turned into an every day job weekdays and weekends. The what am I going to do with myself now problem has solved itself and here I am doing it...Thanks for your decision to stick with this way of life..
For me it's strictly one day at a time. I will not drink today. Tomorrow next week next year who knows. Just not today. For me this has worked pretty well so far. Best of luck!
This is a problem for me as well. When my wife was pregnant her go too drink at bars was a club soda and lime. It looks like a drink tastes pretty good and yet isn't alcohol. I think if I ever fully decide to quit which I haven't yet club soda and lime will be a nice transition for me. 
As many have said already I don't think about the future. Today has enough problems and most of my future "problems" are just in my head. I have found I am strong enough to handle today's actual problems. It is when I mix today's actual problems with made up fears from the future that I have greatest potential to slip. 
I've accepted that I am probably going to have the occasional desire to have a drink for a long time possibly forever. I know this because I quit smoking years ago and for a long time after and including as recently as two years ago craved a cigarette. But I've never given in...The trick is to acknowledge the craving accept it and choose to ignore it. Doing that over and over will help you build confidence and  reinforce your decision to stop drinking. I think it's natural to be frustrated by the persistence of cravings   but really everyone gets them. ..It's definitely a little different meeting people without socializing at bars particularly at your age but a) you don't have to avoid bars completely and b) you can always suggest alternatives. I've found that a lot of people go to bars not because they necessarily want to drink a lot which was my rationale because that's where people just go. I've found that people enjoy being invited to cafes and other non-drinking places because it's a nice respite from the routine of going to bars all the time...And when you do go to bars for a special occasion or with a group of friends just relax order your soda or whatever and leave when people are getting drunk and boring. Sobriety is a decent conversation starter. You'd be surprised how many people want to talk about it...The people who you want to meet at this stage of your life won't care that you don't drink and won't drink so much that it'll interfere with your friendship. ..Good luck! And congratulations on getting sober in your late 20s I wish I had. I won't drink with you today.
OP I haven't read the comment thread yet but I can relate. I got sober in my mid 20's and that was a question I frequently worried about. The people who helped me stay sober told me that  we just worry about today . ... so that's what I did. We do this thing one day at a time.  Am I gonna be able to stay sober for the next 20 years? Who knows! But I know I can stay sober *today*.  I've done it one day at a time for nine years so far with everything life threw at me - major surgery loss of loved ones *weddings* relocation ..... If I can do it so can you. Future tripping has always proved detrimental to my magic magnifying mind anyway. Staying in today also gives me peace - I don't have to worry about the future- I can just focus on today.  
&gt;  If something bad happens to me I'll probably want a drink in the distant future  ..^This is a coping issue and the foundation of an excuse. Essentially it's the laying of groundwork to have a drink in the future...&gt;  How will I meet people if I don't socialize at bars? ..Don't think of this as a downside. The people you meet at bars are either low quality people or they're high quality but under the influence of a drug. Better to start volunteering. Meet good people doing good work. You are the product of the five people you hang out with most.
Stop entertaining those thoughts.  Those thoughts are only going to help give you permission to drink.   Order your brain to stop thinking like that. ...Your focus should be on the next time you get the strong urge to drink and how to muster all your mental emotional spiritual &amp; physical resources to say no.  All you should be concerned with is the present and that temptation to stop by the liquor store on the way home.   Tomorrow will take care of itself....You probably will want a drink in the distant future or when something goes wrong hell I wanted a drink this weekend when something was going very well  - that's going to happen..Good Luck!!
I try to get to the bottom of every craving by asking myself questions. I had a really strong craving last week - I just wanted to meet friends at a bar and get fucked up. I asked myself "why do I want to get fucked up? Oh because it's a reason to socialize and my friends will say yes. Am I bored? Yes. Am I lonely? Yes. Okay. Let's group-text two good friends and see if they wanna meet and go swimming." And they did!..I realized that so many of those moments where I "just need a fuckin drink right now" are just other needs in disguise. 
Who knows if you will ever drink again?  No one.  But that's the reality and that's why AA preaches taking things one day at a time...Be mindful and think more about the present than the future.
For me it's just not worth it - when I finally accepted that alcohol offered me nothing - any pleasure I thought I was getting from it was fleeting before the crushing feeling of despair.  Now that I almost have a year I have gotten through every hard situation (including moving family chaos getting weird medical diagnoses job interviews etc)  without alcohol and it has been totally fine.  .Most days I don't even think about alcohol. But I know if I drank again I'd instantly be mentally obsessed again.  No thanks. .Sometimes people ask me when are you going to start drinking again?  And I just shrug and say I probably won't.  But I don't really worry about the future.  I just don't drink right now.  (It's probably the only area of my life that I'm successfully living in the moment HA!)
I remember having similar feelings when I first quit. The best advice I got was to to stay in today. Take it one day at a time. If I think too far beyond dinner time all the anxiety gets going. Be kind to yourself and stay in the moment as best you can. I'm not drinking with you today. 
A mentor of mine promised herself she could have a drink again when she turned... i don't remember really old.. like mid 80's.  Just a mind trick for her to avoid "never" and "forever."..For me I just commit to a set amount of time first months then years and truly allow myself to re-assess if I want to continue not drinking at each interval.  It buys me big chunks of time that I don't have to consider drinking.  The downside is that those yearly deliberations can be a struggle.  I also give myself a terminal illness exception.. lol...You're not missing out on anything.  You were missing out before when you were too drunk to really engage or remember :)..The only preaching I'll do is say don't worry about meeting people in bars.. lol.  I went into a craft store once (gift for mom) and almost fell over.  It was me and about a dozen attractive respectable young women... and I spent how many years chasing after hard drinking smoking foul mouthed ones :)..Sounds like you're doing well.  You're certainly asking very good questions.  Like YouWillYouWont said if u don't drink today it will be a better stronger you that will face down crisis in the future...
One day at a time. Thats how we do it. 
Don't think about them.
It's  interesting that as I read your post I reflected on having those same thought patterns when I was younger before I had ever had my first drink.  No one in my family drank then and my mind would think up scenarios (death of a family member etc.) in which it would be understandable to get drunk. Alcohol knew me before I knew alcohol it seems. Fast forward thirty years and thousands of times getting drunk for any reason or no reason whatsoever and I finally came to the conclusion that wasn't any good circumstance in which I should drink. Any perceived benefit would be outweighed thousands of times by the negative effects of drinking. That having been said there is still the voice in the back of my head that tries to convince me this time would be different but it is at least somewhat quieter now.
My story is all very similar and I had the same thoughts. My go-to was "well if I go to Italy I'm going to drink the wine." ..I stopped thinking in the long term. I took it one day at a time (and still do). Will I drink in Italy when I go? Maybe but I just need to make sure I don't drink *today*. Since doing this drinking has become something I don't even think about and don't care about. You're free to drink whenever you want to but eventually you stop wanting to. That at least was my experience. I still go to bars I just get a ginger ale. I actually really enjoy bars. Everyone else is still drunk which makes it easier to strike up conversations. ..Will I never drink again in my life? I have no idea. But I know I won't today and that's good enough for me...I will not drink with you today!
A lot of other people said this but I'll echo it: one day at a time. Thinking of "forever" and thinking of the "what ifs" is paralyzing. I can't really *never drink again* can I? But what I can do 100% no question is not drink *today*. Not drinking forever feels like a monumental task. Not drinking today at this point feels pretty easy...I find that it gets easier as time goes on too. I've been working on this for about 90 days with two slip-ups during that time. Both of the times I drank were well a lot less satisfying than I expected. The only memories I have of drinking since I decided to stop a few months ago are bad ones. Now I can go days at a time without really thinking of drinking. Now if you ask me what I think about drinking sometime in the next week I can say "hell no" without it feeling like an insurmountable amount of time. A week felt like forever at the beginning. Still one day at a time is key. It's easy to let your guard down when it feels like things are getting a little easier...I think the identity issues work themselves out. They did (or still are) for me at least. Something fills the gap. You find ways to invest the time and money hopefully in things that are important to you. Take that one day at a time too. After a bunch of days of "one day at a time" (with some mistakes mixed in) I realize that I've been drinking on two of the last ninety days. On the other 88 I was investing in my health by exercising and cooking more. I was focused on my studies and on my research often during the hours when I'd have otherwise been drinking. I was doing a ton of reading. I was working on being kind and generous in a way that I simply couldn't when I was drinking (when/where I was going to drink next was pretty much my primary focus when I was a regular drinker). 88 individual days adds up to plenty of time for a "new identity" to start feeling a little more natural and comfortable...Good luck! I believe in you. You're taking deliberate steps that one day at a time will lead you to an identity you can be comfortable with -- and proud of...I can't say much about the future but I will not drink with you today!
I agree it's easy to think of all these ways something can go wrong and that does distract you from the reality of today causing you to lose focus. So much great advice in this thread!
Excellent question which generated a very thoughtful discussion I will save this for later :)..Oh nice job on 24 days!
