-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cwr0s/could_use_some_advice/

So I've recently been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and severe Mania a symptom of Bipolar. I have been put on medication that has been helping me immensely. I've cut out caffeine tobacco and alcohol as I've learned those things can exasperate my symptoms. All that I've been handling but the real struggle has been relationship wise. A 3 year relationship with my "the one" has ended and I believe that the problems that caused the break up were due to alcohol abuse combined with the Mania. I wanted to reach out and see if anyone had any advice on repairing that relationship/getting back together after dealing with alcohol abuse or any similar situations. I'd appreciate some help because I feel pretty hopeless and lost
----------immediate responses--------

I am in the same boat as you. I am also bipolar and i have been with my one for 3 years. We are still together but just barely. Can you give more context?
When I removed the alcohol I was able to work on  my stuff ...That included apologies making amends repairing that which could ne repaired and finding reconciliation!
And I hope the same for you. I wrote her a letter telling her all of the realizations that I had come to about how I felt for her and how I'd do anything for us to be together even if it means we're not together right now. I engaged in some of the same behavior blacking out and blowing up at her and being unbelievably cruel and mean. I never hit her but I did cause a fair amount of pain. She's forgiven me for what happened and knows I have some problems going on right now but she said that the wounds are too fresh for us to work together on them right now and I agree that we shouldn't be together right now because we aren't gonna be able to get better if we don't separate. It's more of my anxiety kicking in and telling me she'll hate me forever and not care whether or not my changes have made me a new person which they've already begun to do!
