-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7cy83i/habits_hard_to_break/

So Tuesday nights historically have been  This is Us  with a bottle of wine. And I'm struggling. Typically I don't think about drinking during the day because I know I'll be drinking usually two bottles of wine that night when I get home from work. But I'm obsessing about it this afternoon because I'm not drinking. My alcoholic brain is coming up with all sorts of justifications to drink tonight and I'm having a hard time combating my alcoholic thoughts with the thought of not wanting to be hungover tomorrow. Help! 
----------immediate responses--------

No matter what happens it's not worth drinking over. Perhaps finding something else to do just this once might be helpful.
Urges come and go as do triggers. You can google urge surfing which helped me in the early days. You could also make an alternate plan for the gym or a nice coffee out with a friend. I've never woken up in the morning disappointed that I *didn't* drink the night before!
I understand!..Patterns lead to habits.  Mine were ingrained...I got support to change my afternoon patterns.
In the beginning I had to make a series of conscious decisions throughout each day and every day... after work go home and exercise and not to a bar with drinking friends; on the way go to a candy store instead of the liquor store; exercise more than before; have sugar/fizzy drinks on hand for right after my workout; eat extra helpings and maybe even. desert at dinner; have dark chocolate to nibble on while watching netflix; take a very hot epsom salt bath and some magnesium and 5HTP to relax just before bed; work on house projects throughout the weekend; etc.... after about a month I found I wasn't having to think so much about these things they were simply my new habits.  And by contrast the old drinking patterns and habits had diminished almost inversely...It was definitely work but the calm that I now feel about most everything in my life has made that early effort so worth it...IWNDWYT....
I distracted myself and changed up my routine as much as possible. Eventually I was able to return to my beloved Netflix in the evenings but at first it was just easier for me to take a walk or do something i didn't associate with drinking at all.  If you haven't yet I highly recommend the book This Naked Mind which is available for free in the sidebar. It helped me navigate my cravings and see them another way. I will not drink with you tonight! 
