-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7d0m9x/struggling/

As the title says today is harder than yesterday. Not the temptation to drink but more the anxiety and loneliness which normally I would treat with alcohol and drown out my emotions. Being a male I feel like that is conditioned into us to not show emotions. But today with the loneliness of not talking to someone who I normally hear from every day and also not having many friends either it's just a little over whelming. ..I'm not going to drink today but I just want to go home and go to sleep. My resolve is still strong and that's all iv got to hold onto right now. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone I can assure you everybody on this sub reddit is there with you. .You are on the path to becoming a better version of yourself in every aspect. .I will not drink with you today friend! 
I'm sorry it's been rough for you today. I won't drink with you today
Sorry to hear that you are having a rough day. Everyone on this sub is here for you just keep going. You got this! 
This is hard and you're doing deep work you're lonely and I honestly think you should throw a pity party for yourself. Run home but make sure you have excellent food delivery or stop by the store and get ice cream one of those rotisserie chickens bubbly water hot spiced apple cider whatever. Or order in...Get all the pillows in the house and build a cocoon in bed open SD on the laptop beside you then put on movies and eat blueberries and bon bons and be sad. Just be kind to yourself. It will help this pass. 
Pop in and say hi to everyone in the chat. Directions to get there are in the sidebar!.
 Yes  go to sleep.  My first couple tries at sobriety when I was just so damn frustrated and craving I just slept...a lot.  It was my only mental way out until I could wake up and start again.  It's ok.  
Your not alone! I'm sorry your having a hard time. Everyone here has always been awesome to me. Maybe you can take some time to just rest? Trying to take some time for you?
Wow I could have written that post 3 weeks ago.  Just came out of a 10 year relationship and not many friends (amazing how a 10 year relationship evenings spent at home drinking and watching TV with your SO can kill a social life huh?) and man the first week my anxiety and depression and loneliness was awful..But....It got way better after a week.  My anxiety is lower now than in the evenings when I drowned it out with booze.  And an order of magnitute better than the day after drinking...What I did for loneliness the first week was to go to a few AA meetings.  AA isn't for me but it was nice to be out of the house and around people...Here's hoping things get much better very soon for you friend!
