-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7d4u5q/interesting_health_benefita_little_tmi/

So I've been struggling with impatience and expecting immediate results. I now see this as a part of this vast mosaic that has formed my experience both as an alcoholic and now in sobriety. Don't get me wrong I'm aware of lots of tangible and intangible benefits. It's more my vanity that is bothering me. I've been sober for 31 days why haven't I lost x number of pounds ? Why is my face still blotchy? Why is my hair still thinning? ..But I have noticed one very specific health benefit as the fall allergens have descended in my neighborhood. I used to struggle with some light incontinence--the ol' sneeze-n-splash I'd call it. In the last two weeks or so this has cleared up dramatically. I never would've thought drinking was connected! ..So here's to small victories! Keeping my pants and my body dry. 
----------immediate responses--------

When I was a drinker my underpants had more skidmarks than a NASCAR racetrack. I am so glad to have that embarrassment out of my life. 
lol sneeze-n-splash!  i'm glad this has cleared up for you :D
I have no idea what you mean by "sneeze-n-splash" which is probably a good thing but glad things are going well for you!
"the ol' sneeze-n-splash"  TMI indeed...LOL!.But what matters is that you're still going strong!.IWNDWYT
Nice job on a month!..Don't think ur hairline is affected by it but it took my skin more than a month to clear up.  My weight did drop initially but leveled off...All hail predictable solid joyous BM's :).With all this talk about improving our lives saving our marriages and not going through bankruptcy I often feel that making nice solid turds doesn't get enough play!!
My digestive system being normal again is right up there at the top of the list for me! Seriously good benefit!!
I actually broke out like crazy for the first year or so. Acne was never a problem until I quit drinking. Bummer. Turns out sweating whiskey was the best thing to fend off pimples for me. It's mostly better now but it was a real wtf?!.My tmi health improvement: going number 2. It's freaking amazing every time I go. Seriously I'm nearly 3 years sober and I still have waves of gratitude half the time I poo. I love it.
Those little things are nice.  Haven't lost weight because I could never gain it.  ..I'm happiest about blood pressure being among the living and not constant stroke level now.
