-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dbed7/i_walked_out_on_my_job_and_bought_a_bottle_of/

But I didn't fucking drink it...I've been doing the most soul crushing warehouse job for almost two months now and have been white knuckling my way through the anxiety I feel at work everyday. Today I had a panic attack about half an hour into my shift and just bolted. This may have been the worst one I've had my whole life because it felt like it went on for a couple of hours. Once I left I drove around in circles chain smoking just thinking about booze. I thought of just pulling into a liquor store parking lot because maybe just being that close to booze would comfort me. That worked for about 10 minutes. Then I thought maybe I'll just stroll up and down the aisles. That worked for about 5 minutes. Then I thought fuck it and bought a bottle. I sat in my car staring at that bottle for what felt like an eternity thinking about how I'd explain this relapse to my family or if I was going to go on such a bender that I'd move across the country and start over. Next thing I know I start my car roll down the window throw the bottle out (sorry Al Gore I don't think that handle of Popov is biodegradable) and pull into the nearby movie theatre to watch whatever piece of shit movie started soonest. I bought all the chocolate covered raisins they had and finally caught my breath about halfway through the movie...So here I am I've temporarily fucked up my way of saving money to go back to school. I now am forced to have an uncomfortable conversation with my parents regarding my mental health since I still live with them but I didn't have that fucking drink. I feel like a quarterback who just threw an interception but managed to make the tackle.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I bought all the chocolate covered raisins they had..this is seriously so key. At this point absolutely nothing wrong with binging chocolate and chugging coffee. Hell even chain smoking; if you don't have that drink it's worth it.
So glad you tossed the booze! I will not drink with you today!
You didn't drink. You controlled yourself. NO. MATTER. WHAT. Look how tough you can be when it's needed most. You have shown yourself that you can *endure* &amp; *good sport* the hell out of being sober. I think you have learned something very important about yourself. Truly good luck to you!
I love you man.  I know exactly how you feel.  Sometimes the weight of just existing can be so fucking crushing it drives me insane.  Like a rat in a cage.  But drinking won't make it better as badly as I want it to.  So when life plants it's foot on my neck I ball up my fists and beat that fucker back.  Even sober sometimes life just sucks.  Remember we're all standing in the rain with you and when the whistle blows you don't have to go over the top of the trench alone
That there isn't spelled WIN. It's spelled BIG WIN...Well done!
You survived what seems like a very very tough day. Congrats on the non drinking victory. Stay strong - you can do this. Wishing you calm peace and success on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
That is a hell of a victory... I'm proud of you! 
Whew that was close! When I get that far it's usually too late..I will not drink with you today - You are an inspiration!
&gt;	I feel like a quarterback who just threw an interception but managed to make the tackle...YES!!
You can get another job. You can't get another you. I think it's awesome that you went to the movies. :)
Keep on - you've got this!..IWNDWYT
Managing to throw it out is a touchdown.  Keeping sober is hard every day you do it is a win...Don't worry about explaining to your parents.  In 10 years you'll say "thank god I did it was a good move."..I hope you have some support in addition to here it really helps...I think you're awesome.  Congratulations on your 170 days!!!
Congrats on tossing the booze  good you didn't drink.  Going to the movie was the right call as sometimes a little time passing makes all the difference. ..Maybe you could get online after work and spend an hour submitting resumes to any and everywhere nearby this could accomplish two things for you 1. get you out of that shitty job maybe a better gig and 2. by doing something for yourself constructive like looking for a new job you'll probably feel less trapped like you have options.   Just my two cents...Good luck!!   Good job not drinking
Fantastic share love it! Showing us that it is possible to make a bad decision and then come back from it before it's too late is priceless..
Wow.  That's all I can say is WOW.  I'm so impressed and really really proud of you.  You showed a lot of strength today.
You sir are my hero today. ..I will join you in not drinking.
Fucking champ!! Sorry you've been working that crappy job I know the feeling. You may have temporarily fucked up your way of saving money for school but you starred alcohol in the face and said fuck you. You're a warrior and an inspiration. Best of luck with your sobriety and mental health. 
+1000 raisinettes!!!! You're a warrior. Amazing job.
Thank you for sharing TJ2016! I'm glad you didn't drink.
Just found video of OPs day. ..https://youtu.be/VICE5x-6W9Y
Great job honestly. If you would have followed through with drinking that would have just been one more problem to add to all you were going through. Kind of like kicking yourself when you're already down. Keep your head up. I've done the warehouse stuff too. It is suffocating. But those jobs are usually a dime a dozen. You're gonna be just fine. Good luck out there!
Great job honestly. If you would have followed through with drinking that would have just been one more problem to add to all you were going through. Kind of like kicking yourself when you're already down. Keep your head up. I've done the warehouse stuff too. It is suffocating. But those jobs are usually a dime a dozen. You're gonna be just fine. Good luck out there!
I've worked in food service for 13 years.  There are places that are soul sucking and awful and places that are humane.  It sounds to me like you had a legitimately awful job outside of the facts of what you were doing.  When I was newly sober and struggling with depression and anxiety I always blamed myself for everything.  Sometimes external circumstances really are shitty...I hope you find something better!
The important thing is you didn't drink! All that other stuff is irrelevant right now. Hang in there!
You're the quarterback who won the damned game. Congratulations - you deserve this. And I know this community is here for you. IWNDWYT.
Love the way you wrapped it up with a football analogy. To continue that thought...there is plenty of ballgame left. You sound like a younger guy so let's say this happened in the first quarter...definitely before the first half. As the quarterback...you wouldn't just kneel now and concede the game right? You wouldn't want the backup QB coming in to replace you just over one bad play right? Strap on your helmet and get after it! Your team (family) is counting on you.
that was major. i'm glad you avoided the void. one day at a time.
Just gotta say "hugs"! I had the worst day ever yesterday but didn't drink... I can relate.
fucking hell i have so much respect for you that you kept your rational thoughts....this proves your psychologically is done with being a booze addict. You may have fucked up with walking out from work etc but fair fucking play man. Most people would of relapsed and wondered where the rest of the year went.
I feel you did good with all of this. Walking out of a job is never good but it was a toxic job for you so it was for the best. Buying booze is never good but you didn't drink it so win there. Littering is never good but I think the Earth can absorb a bottle of vodka in exchange for your ongoing sobriety...You're my winner of the day. I can see myself in this exact chain of circumstances. Sending positive sober vibes your way!
I think you kick ass because despite letting yourself actually get to the point of purchasing the alcohol you still prevailed and opted to not to drink it!  There in that last moment you won!  I see that being more like the QB throwing a last second touchdown for the win.  As for the anxiety and the mental state you referenced maybe seeing a doctor could help?  There are plenty of medications that can drastically improve your anxiety etc... just a thought.  You got this!
The 6 month mark was the hardest part in my journey... right on par with those first days.  I had to revert to counting days and pushing for 200 cuz a year... shit that was too much to even think about. Lots of anxiety over if I could keep up my sobriety when the next big milestone required me to double the effort I'd just put in...I'd go into work early tomorrow and try to work it out with your employer.  Yesterday was a huge victory for you.  Don't let it turn into a defeat or a day you regret.  Even if you've lost the job look your boss in the eye explain you suddenly felt tremendously ill and see what happens...I don't know how you found the strength to toss that bottle.  Once I had paid for it that would have been the end of me.  That means you really want it and that's all that's really required to do it.
I love analogies and your football one was amazing.  Hot damn!!  You bought the bottle threw it out the window and ate all the chocolate covered raisins in the world.  You are a bad ass.  Take care of that anxiety problem please.  It's just pure torture.  You can do it.  I'm rooting for you!
yesss! huge victory. so happy for you. deep breaths. major score! .
Huge win man. Huge. You're going to face the challenge ahead of you instead of hiding from it in a bottle. 
I also find sweet things are a good substitute for that boozy desire. Great job!!
Great job. Close call. I coulda relapsed today too. But instead I reached out to someone and prayed- it's what worked for me..
This really touched me.  This. Is. Strength. And commitment. And loving yourself. I'm an environmentalist but I think it was a great decision and I'm sure Al Gore would approve.
Wow. You. Are. Awesome!!     
Thank you for sharing your inspiring story. I really like your last line as well! Good luck!
Proud of you! One day at a time man...Will not drink with you today.
Awesome job buddy!  Hope the convo with the parents goes well just be completely honest with him.   Since I have been sober.....my chocolate intake has significantly increased. lol 
KILLIN IT..I still manage my feelings too much with tobacco and sweets so I get where you are but god damnit you are NOT going back and you got that big all important lesson down pat -- you are IN CONTROL OF WHAT GOES IN YOUR BODY. FULL STOP. I will be not drinking with you today. 
Wow just wow!!!! Agree with others here -- way to go what a huge win. I absolutely love these stories.  I hope to remember them if I ever did something similar and know I can change course at any moment no matter how bad that urge my be.
Thank you for this.  I needed to read this today.  I'm starting again for the 999th time because I didn't say no to the 'call'.  But I appreciate that you did..
Panic attacks are the worst. I get them too. I stopped drinking because I had started using alcohol almost exclusively to deal with them. Riding out a panic attack is no joke. You did good. Give yourself time to rest and recover for the next day or two -- panic is very draining/exhausting. ..Next time you feel really anxious try a strong cup of chamomile tea. It's GABAergic -- helps your brain settle down. It really helps me a lot. ..I won't drink with you today -- even if I get anxious! 
Great football analogy TJ2016 remember quarterbacks also have to have a short memory and finish the game! To turn down drinking when you are sitting alone with a full bottle shows incredible strength..Especially while having a panic attack those are the worst. I've experienced many in my life...mine also last for hours they are more likes periods than episodes. I also like how you said..."I temporarily fucked up my...." You are right. Its only temporary....things will change. Hang in there. 170 days is awesome. I will not drink with you today!
Do you have another alcoholic you can call next time you are thinking about booze?
i think you did fine. you were in a dark place and made a good choice and getting help will be good too. i will not drink with you today. 
anxiety/depression = liar/thief. ..you were the winner today from each and every angle. be proud. 
Great job!!
So proud of you!   What bravery and courage you have shown!!
Great job by you. I was in a job this past summer that was crushing my soul and I walked out in the middle of the day and picked up the bottle after 10 months sober. It took me 2 months to get back but now I have 41 days...Here's to your composure and I will gladly not drink with you today
Big win! Small loss you got this!
This made me tear up. You did it dude! Be proud. I'm proud of you. Don't know if I could have done the same. 
Just what I needed. Thank you for this. I'm having a terrible day as well with my anxiety and all I can think about is how much I want a drink. I can't concentrate. I can't stop thinking about nothing and everything at the same time. Came here to SD because I didn't know what else to do and the first post on the list was yours. ..Thank you again for sharing! ..I'm not alone. .I'm not the only one. .I'm not going to drink today. 
Thanks for posting this. I can't tell you how helpful it is at this exaxt moment in my life where I'm having the same internal monologue about buying a bottle even though I would probably throw it out. I'm trying real hard to learn from your victory and save myself $25!
Maybe you have so much anxiety because you're spending so much time worried about explaining to people what you want to do rather than ignoring the naysayers and DOING what you want. You're an adult and adults never need to make apologies for being true to themselves. Anyone who disagrees with that is part of the problem not the solution. And that is true no matter how related they are to you. 
Stick with it 
Thank you. This motivates me. Xx
Hang in there
[deleted]
You are an awesome human being. You go man.
Well done not drinking. GO TO THE DOCTOR.
Hey forget that job at least you didn't crack open that vodka you're a strong person. I can tell from reading this &amp; I also think your parents will be happy you didn't drink and you're being honest with them :) you can do it
You know what's good about those uncomfortable conversations? Once you have them it's over. I have bad anxiety too. It's the waiting and anticipation that makes it bad. When it's done it's over. Like a nice burp when you're feeling too full. 
I had a lot of anxiety early in those first six months and so much emotional upheaval that I wanted to drink so many times. Your story reminds me of most of my drives home in those early days. There were times when I would roam the parking lot about every hour just trying to get enough courage to walk back to work and do the basics of my job without losing my shit! It sucked and some days it still sucks but I have been able to take on things I never thought I could before and make my days better ... if even just a little each day... not drinking today is how I do it. Love those raisenettes! Glad you posted this! Thank you!
I'll just say one thing..YES YOU FUCKING DID NOT DRINK THAT SHIT ..Good work friend
Well done.  Good decision.
You've done so well be proud (: xxx
Congratulations on not drinking! I hope to be as strong as you one day.
I'm so awash in good feelings about this post but I'm just as awash with all the support given by SD.  Ever faithful.
Please talk to your doctor about your panic attacks. I know several people who feel xanax saved their lives and it got them out of panic attack hell so they could focus on improving their lives. You do not have to suffer like this. My thoughts heart and prayers go out to you.  You are a survivor.  I will not drink with you.
I wish had a support system for preventing me from doing the exact opposite...I bolted than drank.
That Analogy.
Happy you didn't drink though pal. I've been having some strong anxiety around purchasing and drinking as well. Hang in there. You can find another position at least ones that will not lead to an attack in the workplace.
I'm proud of you for leaving a "soul crushing" job. And to not drink a bottle you have on you?? You're not just making movements...you're f-ong soaring. ..Trust that a job that you love that you can put your whole new self into will come along. You're ready. Congratulations! ..
You're a fucking hero ... an inspiration ... R.E.S.P.E.C.T.  
I'm so sorry.  I've been there.  Panic attacks suck. :-(
