-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dbyrx/nearly_made_it_6_weeks_but_didnt_need_to_truly/

Title sums it up. I'd gone nearly six weeks which was by far the longest stretch yet. Felt incredible lost weight barely missed it...Just started a new job and was out with co-workers for events the last two nights. Naturally they were at bars. I hadn't struggled with cravings while out with friends but it was different being out with people I didn't know and was anxious to impress...My anxiety and lack of confidence to explain that I didn't drink anymore got the best of me and I had 2-3 drinks each night. Fortunately I was able to moderate and didn't get drunk either time. But I still was up in the middle of the night and feeling it the next morning...While I'm bummed I didn't stay totally sober I'm hugely encouraged by the fact that this looks more like a blip and less like a full-on meltdown. Never in my wildest dreams would I have been able to moderate at an event like that before and this whole experience has reminded me that I actually hate what drinking does to my body and I don't miss it...Resetting badge but am feeling confident that I'll be able to go even further this next time...Thanks as always for reading and for your support!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice post welcome back! It took me a long to realize that I could never drink again. I had years of moderate drinking experience to recall. It wasn't until I unknowing crossed the line and changed from a cucumber into a pickle that things changed. A pickle can never go back to being a cucumber...Once I realized what that meant staying sober got a bit easier. Any thought of me drinking can immediately be dismissed as laughable because I know what I am and what happens when I drink. No doubts anymore. Sure I might last for a couple of weeks of moderate drinking but it would certain increase over time. There's no way that I can drink again...I know that I can never let my guard down..
Awesome post. Congratulations on your journey towards sobriety. What an achievement you have made. You drank moderately a couple of nights and realized it's not for you. That's a successful mark in my book. I always use the analogy that if you fail one test in school you do not flunk the entire year. I strongly feel the same about my sobriety. I am almost 3 months in and have not had a drop of alcohol. I do not plan on it anytime in the near future. I only hope that if I do get to the point you just went through that I have the strength to behave as you did moderating the situation and realizing it is no longer for u!!! IWNDWYT 
"If I could have moderated I'd have done it long ago."..In my previous attempt at sobriety I tried to restart "moderately."   It was a fool's errand in retrospect.  ..One drink on "Saturday" became two on Monday.  Then two on Friday and two more on Saturday.  Lather.  Rinse.  Repeat.  ..For me I am just not the person who can stop at one or two.  Abstaining is easier on my mind.  No debating.  No hesitation.  It's simply not worth it to me anymore.  ..I will not drink with you today!
I'm glad you were in control but remember moderation is an illusion.
that first drink is the worst son of a bitch of the lot.
Curious to hear if this experience with co-workers will change the next event you have with them? In other words will you do the same thing next time or abstain? ..That's what I wrestle with. I have no problem saying no but really question having one as it only leads to two. Is the first even worth it anymore? Why have 1 if I already want 2? 
Is it possible to not hang out afterwards at a bar instead? Maybe suggest something else? I know a lot of places have kava bars a far better alternative to alcohol. 
I have on thing to say here:  You went six weeks without a drink and two nights you had a drink and didn't turn it into a binge on either night.  That my friend is called long-term success.  
I enjoyed reading your post. ..For me I'm gaining longer periods of not drinking than drinking.  So I can relate to categorizing a drinking episode as a blip as opposed to a downward spiral. 
Six weeks is a great run.  ..Try to have a plan for situations like this before you're put on the spot.  It really helped me.  I've lied and stealth-ordered a fake drink but there's really no substitute for "No thanks I don't drink."  Just saying it makes it a reality!..Looking forward to reading about a good run from you.  Nice job on putting in some time not going off the reservation after a mistake and getting back on the horse
Six weeks is a great run. Now you know you can get through the hardest part. You can do it again! I believe in you. 
