-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7deth4/dealing_with_death_has_been_an_eye_opener/

My cat and dog passed away in July and August. I was drinking daily for almost 30 days after my cat was put down and the night my pug died in her sleep I was drunk because of the overwhelming sense of helplessness and stress over her being sick. I can't change how the night played out but have stuck to my sobriety ever since then. I hate that the smell of booze on me could have been her last memory of me. I'm still going through a period of depression over this but I see the silver lining of it. I've been to bars and concerts (the events I would drink the most at) but have been content with just sipping a soda while there. Seriously the struggle with sugar cravings what's up with that?..I've been tempted but I haven't given in. Just...don't stop trying.
----------immediate responses--------

You metabolize alcohol into sugar. So you feel the urge to eat sweets until the cravings subside. Good for you on giving it up. May the passing of your beloved pets and the good memories you made with them as part of your family help you keep going.
I drank 17 days ago the night after one of my favorite people died and I drank A LOT. It really affected my grieving process because nursing a hangover takes up all of your mental energy. Then my pet ferret died 8 days later. Death certainly puts things in perspective doesn't it? I want to be completely present and sober for the people and animals that I love in my life. It never caused me to be neglectful but I'd rather cuddle my ferrets to sleep than pass out after drinking myself silly. I want to be better so I'm motivated to do it in their memory and that feels really meaningful to me. ..I'm so sorry for your loss. Losing our animal friends is devastating and I feel your pain. Nights are so hard without my little buddy. IWNDWYT
Sorry about your dog and cat. Good thing on staying strong.
Don't be too hard on yourself &lt;3
