-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dhkgj/got_a_new_sponsor_and_i_am_so_happy/

Her first assignment was to do one thing kind for myself every day. She is also a rape survivor and said while my therapist is best to work with to get through the trauma that she is always here for me if I need to talk to someone that understands. She also said she doesn't think I'm a chronic relapser as she can see how dedicated I am to my recovery and how proud of me she was for sharing and picking up a white chip at my Tuesday meeting...This is exactly the kind of sponsor I needed. I think we'll get along great and I cannot wait to work the steps with her!..Do something kind for yourself today sobernauts...Edit: Forgot to add I will not drink with you today!!
----------immediate responses--------

So what did you do? 
I'm so glad you've found someone that's more suited to what you need!
Sounds Awesome! .How did you break up with Salty?..I will not be drinking with you tonight!
Aw yay I read your post yesterday and it made me so sad for you that you had all these tough feelings welling up all that hard stuff and you were finally starting to work through it so it would not be a problem anymore and yet you were there with your sponsor trying to do the right thing and she just made you feel like shit. This post makes me so happy that's exactly the kind of homework you need! Hot chocolate sounds so good hope it was delicious!
Maybe we should start a "what is the nice thing you did for yourself" post a few times a week. Today I went to see Regina Specktor play a solo performance. I'm so glad to read a positive post about finding a good sponsor. So often I read the opposite. She sounds like a keeper!
Cool! Glad it looks like a good match. Best of luck!
I'm so relieved and happy for you!!! She sounds so exactly right. This is fantastic. Congratulations!! :-) &lt;3
Good.  I'm so relieved you have found someone you are comfortable with!  
Ah this is so great to read! She already sounds 100x better suited than your old sponsor and well done you for not letting a really crappy situation deter you from progressing this week. You are inspiring. IWNDWYT
Thats awesome! I am glad to hear that you were able to find a new sponsor that will be helpful.
