-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dhz4e/my_dad_is_dying_from_alcoholism/

I ran into my dad downtown last night. I missed my connecting bus (no licence guess why) so I went for a walk and by chance saw him.  I do not really have a relationship with him or know him that well only met him a handful of times in my life. I hungout with him a few years ago as an adult and we of course drank and did drugs together. As a kid he was the typical absent alcoholic father. ..Anyway we had a quick chat and he was visably sick.      He had to keep stopping his speech mid-sentence to clutch his chest and twice he had to excuse himself to puke up blood. He smelled of alcohol and he had a beer can sticking out of his coat pocket. Hes tough as nails and has gone balls to the wall partying ever since he was 15 and its finally caught up to him at 57.  Makes obscene amounts of money and has spent every penny on booze and drugs. He cried and said son I pray that you never end up like me. I have failed over and over for years with always relapsing but somehow seeing the pain in his eyes changed something in me...Alcohol destroys lives...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Damn that's tough. Hang in there man. 
Oh man that is sad.. sorry  ):
Sorry to hear about your dad...Hoping for the best.
Our parental units can become our cautionary tales. I am glad you have chosen to take a different path. But don't forget...I will not drink with you tonight.
Damn dude. This one stings. My heart goes out to you and your daily today. 
You keep your head up big dog.  
Yes it does alcohol can destroy lives.  For me it all comes down to how I want to live my ONE life. What do I want my life to look like? And I can't have it all. I can't have a loving relationship with my husband and children and live a healthy happy productive life WITH alcohol. So today I choose not to drink with you. .Take care.
Sorry about that. My dad never spent a free minute not drinking over the 49 years I knew him. He always held a job until he was old enough to draw Social Security. Then it was being drunk every day after lunch time. Every day. He got a scrip from the VA for a hundred Percosets every month for his bad back started selling them then hooked up with a 40 year old opiate addict who proceeded to blackmail him with reporting him to the VA. We knew something was going on but he wouldn't admit it. She also took out a cell phone in his name ran up a $1200 bill and stole checks from him. She drove him to kill himself in my mom's back yard after my mom divorced him. My brother said there were at least 50 unanswered calls for that day alone from her...Not trying to one up your story but I feel you. Eventually the devil demands his due. I hope your story ends better than mine.
Aw heartbreaking. Good for you for staying strong. I know he's proud of you more than you can imagine. xo
Is your Dad Frank Gallagher?..In all seriousness though what job did he have where he could party and drink to excess and still make obscene amounts of money?..Also learn from him. Thanks for the post.
Woke up in the middle of the night and came across your post. Sounds a whole lot like my father. My dad just turned 60 has alcoholic neuropathy and still won't stop drinking. He lives alone because he was such an angry drunk growing up that no one wanted to be by him. Drank himself to loneliness &amp; can barley even walk.... at 60! I will not be my father and I hope you won't either. We all have our own paths to carve out.
I would hate for anyone to ever write that about me. But it was probably where I was headed. I was a heavy drinker for more than a decade. But I quit drinking a year and a half ago for my son's 10th birthday and I'm so glad I did. I will not drink with you today!
All the best.  .Not drinking with you today.
I would be willing to guess a bunch of us here have dead dads/moms due to alcohol. My dad drank himself to death; I won't. 
I will not drink with you today. I have read here that you and your father were not close perhaps this exchange  seeing him the pain in his eyes and the change it brought about was his gift to you.
That's a really painful and powerful thing to witness it must have been really difficult. I hope that the experience pushes you to care *fiercely* for yourself. I will not drink with you today. 
If ever there was a reason to stop then I think you have just described it....
I'm sorry man. That's rough. I hope you don't drink again. 
Thank you for sharing.
