-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dnlgr/my1stpost100daysthank_u_sd/

This is long but I really owe all of u this...20 years drinking 2nd 10 very heavy daily drinker. Longest break I ever took was last year due to some super uncomfortable gastritis caused by Rum of course (I use Rum as an umbrella term but vodka scotch Guinness wine beers puncheon (a clear 75 percent spirit which is so pure I love it for its ability to make u wake up the next morning fresh as a rose wtf) u name it I'm there. .I'm one of those "good drinkers" don't fall down never crashed a car (regularly drink and drive not proud omg how many people could I have killed ughh) never lost a job never vomitted for people to see never ended up in the hospital or court or in a drain at 3am. But what I did do was show up to work drunk and smelling taught drunk slept sitting cuz of the impossible acid rising in my throat screamed and became a horrible person with boyfriends lost patience and tripped off on those I loved most woke up to vomit on my sheets slept on the floor of the shower on my stomach with water freezing and on high because my body was too overheated and running to and from the toilet to barf was unsustainable made my mother cry with my cruel words cry myself to sleep broken and ashamed lost my ability to breathe after a drunken anger fueled episode and desperately  prayed to whatever might be out there to please please please don't let me die tonight. So many times I've felt like I was going to die cuz it was too late to vomit already in bloodstream would my organs just decide they cannot......After my 3rd morning waking up with death feeling nausea on Aug 9th after NOT even feeling drunk the night before (tolerance taller than the Statue of Liberty)I saw my pattern which really scared me. I noticed each year it got worse. The cycle from take a couple days off  feel better just have one or well it's Friday so Monday I'll stop again then 9months later I'm at a bottle of vodka a day hating myself and having to stop completely. When did this happen? I felt like I was always able to drink "normally" just heavy on weekends and maybe more during xmas. What was this new thing where I went from tiny break to maniac walking to and from the cupboard for hours with the psychotic internal dialogue of if to have a drink but the part of me that walks away knowssss that the bottle would finish tonight! Who is this person? ..For the first time ever I thought  maybe I need to... dear i think it.... stop.drinking. For good? What !!!! ?? No way I didn't even just think that. I gobbled Craig Becks book in a day started googling my brains out found this Reddit u guys put me on to the genius Annie Grace  ate hers up in 2. Now I'm here 100 days later. Haven't had a drink in 100 days. It feels so weird to even type that that I feel like I just lied. But I didn't. It has been an agonising journey so far but the worst of it passed much faster than I expected. I now wake up at 5am no cofee excited for my new life. Today is Friday my time to drinkkkk. But nope I'm looking forward to the cool books I have to read and that new miraculous feeling of waking up fresh on a Saturday morning to pursue my dreams. Problem is just yesterday I was passing a bar with my mum and there was a live band and she wanted to stop  but said "but you're not drinking" and I thought "so you're really never going to drink with your mum again? Just now and again in fun spontaneous moments like that? I felt so unreasonable and over strict with myself. I kept driving away and she was cool with that. I just told her I made 100 days today and she was so excited and cute gave me a bunch of high fives. then took a drink for me lol! The same amazing lady who I used to make cry. I was wondering if I COULD just have those moments with her. And with my cousins once a year and at special occa....see where this is going?. But the moderation thread on here made me realize that I am all of u who tried. I have cried and identified with EVERY story on here...Some nights I was minding my business and just BURST into tears having no idea why. And the most random things are coming up. Confronting feelings is HARD sitting with yourself is HARD being true to yourself is HARD literally throwing away a HUGE part of your identity is something I'm still struggling with and I guess will continue to. Those nights at my darkest what carried me through and gave  me incredible strength and courage was THIS REDDIT! Omg I'm getting choked up now. I just needed to share this and come on here to say thank u thank u  thank u to everyone here. I have NEVER been in a space where there was so much support and non-judgment in my life. I have never felt so at home in a place where I have never even spoken directly to the folks here. I simply couldn't be reflecting in gratitude today and NOT acknowledge the exceptional and indispensable role this Reddit has played in getting me to this 100th day. I went from taking it hours at a time to days to mini goals. Next milestone  my birthday is in a month. A sober birthday? Did I think this? WHO AM I!?? Hahah I will hug all of u if I could. ..I notice u all say "I will not drink with you today" so errrrr helll nooooo I ain't drinking with none a y'alll today. Hahaa unless it's a stiff H2O. Keep good peeps love u xx
----------immediate responses--------

I love this. I'm so glad you are feeling better. Drinking took me to some pretty dark places. I'm forever grateful to be free from the bottle. Your gratitude exudes from this post! ..It is far from easy but goddamn is it worth the fight. Congratulations on your 100 days of sobriety. &lt;3
Thanks for telling the story of your last 100 days. I am just starting. This is Day 2 and I can identify with you. Never was the bad drunk but did plenty of things I regret doing while drunk. I went from being excited about going home to not drink to dreading it in just the last 15 minutes. I must make it through this night. I have a half bottle of wine at home but I'm afraid if I touch it to pour it out I will pour a glass instead. I am thinking I need to eat and get very satisfied and full. One of my triggers is hunger. 
Hey great story. Lets so this !
This is awesome! This place is a huge part of my sober journey too. Congrats on 100 days and green tea cheers to the next 100!  
Oh god this. Reading this made me cry a little while grinning. Congrats o. The hindered. And yes that thing about throwing away a huge part of us that's so true. But O guess it's a part we don't really need anymore.... 
&gt; Some nights I was minding my business and just BURST into tears having no idea why. And the most random things are coming up. Confronting feelings is HARD sitting with yourself is HARD being true to yourself is HARD literally throwing away a HUGE part of your identity is something I'm still struggling with and I guess will continue to...Yes! That is hard indeed and it takes a lot of courage. These are things that may continue to be hard but I think it is important to realize that your identity or the conception of your own identity isn't changed overnight and those hard moments must be part of that process. It requires a lot of hard work that will be extremely rewarding. In fact as your energy is literally bursting out of this post it does pay off already. ..You did an awesome job on 100 days congratulations! Thank you for sharing your story. I will not drink with you today.
My mom still drinks. She says she misses drinking with me and I admit that is hard to hear. She's a wonderful mom. She says that she couldn't quit like I have. But damn that isn't one of the toughest triggers. Congrats on 100. I drank 80 proof a bottle a day for fifteen years. I know what you're feeling. I know that shits hard. You've got this and I won't drink with you today.
Congrats fellow August quitter!
You have fighting hard. You are winning. Keep it up! You belong here now!
Congrats!
Oh my gosh thank you for the awesome story. I can completely relate to everything you wrote. Add in games of bottle hide and seek bottle scavenger hunt and how many excuses can I make up to go to the store by myself so I can secretly by more booze and you have me...Thanks for the great read. Hell no I won't drink with you either!
Thank you for your post. I was lying in bed thinking about booze. So I  got up came to reddit and once again I'm grateful. Your post is another brick in the wall for me. I will not drink with you today. 
Trip digits!  Congrats huge accomplishment.
Good on you!  Feels so amazing!  Keep it up.  It's only continued to get better without booze over here and I suspect you'll experience the same!.
Congratulations! Great to read it gives me so much hope when I need it tonight. Thank you for posting I love SD and I will not drink with you tonight. 
Congratulations! I see so much of my own story in yours (even down to the eerily close quit date). .I've also struggled with the "maybe I could just drink on these occasions..." type thoughts too but really we all know what would happen once we start down that path..Congrats again I will not drink with you today!
You inspire me! Congrats on 100 days :)
So positive and inspiring - great work!  And thank you for sharing
I am so so so happy for you...I will not drink with you today!! 
So much of this resonates with me - very early in what I hope can be a year sober. Moderation. Only weekends or special occasions or ???.Thank you!
100 days for me too! Congrats!..YAYY!
I have a similar story to yours you're doing great! I will not drink with you today! 
This is why I still stop by the Stopdrinking reddit. I need to be reminded of where I was and who I am. Kudos to you on the 100 days. I'll not drinking with you. 
What a journey you've been through. Glad you came out in one piece on the other side!
Amazing! Thank you for sharing; what journey. ..I won't drink you you too   
Thanks for sharing!!!
This is the BEST. It's like a surprise party and this beautiful soul peeped around the corner! And you have been here the whole time! I continuously have favorite posts day after day. This is today's.
