-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7dw7lf/noone_cares_irl_so_ill_celebrate_here/

I made it to 60 days!!..My Dad and Sister both know about my struggles with alcohol and yet when I told them today that I was at 60 days they looked at me like "So?". All my sister said was "60 days?" so I clarified that I meant I'd been sober for 60 days and she replied "oh". My dad said nothing...Hey ho I'm proud of myself anyway and I know you guys realise what a big deal it is at least!..I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm proud of ya!!! Keep up the great work :) 
So proud of you     
That's huge!! A nice internet hug your way...keep it going!
Dig it!
Great job.
Well done on getting to 60 days. Keep up the good work!! 
You bet it's a big deal ! Happy 4 you !!! 
Nice job! Congrats on 60!
Congrats. 60 days is awesome.
Normies won't understand don't even try... Congratulations on two months. Thats a big deal. Thats at least 8 weekends without a sip. Good work.
Awesome! 
For what it's worth 60 days sounds impossible to me. CONGRATS!! IWNDWYT
I'm proud of You u/RosaMorte!!  When I found r/sd I saw people with 30-days and more and it seemed like a nearly impossible feat.  Those first few milestones meant the most to me because it's something I never thought would be possible.  We know hard hard it is so Congrats on Two-Months --Your #2 Star is Shining especially Bright today!  Keep up the good work and Blessings to You!!
Awww so sad. ..That is so awesome though -- yay!!! Definitely celebrating with you cuz 60 days is huge :)
Even if you don't attend AA regularly you can still go to a birthday meeting and get a 60 day coin.  The only caveat is they may ask you to say how you did it but I think they'd be fine if you say that you did it without AA.  The people there will care.  60 days is a great accomplishment for any problem drinker.
Well done. That's huge!
AMAZING! Congrats :) 
Awesome! We're proud of you!
Congratulations! Sixty days is a huge accomplishment it's long enough to have had some ups and downs and to get used to what sobriety is like.
Nuts to them 60 days is an awesome achievement and you have every right to be proud!  It takes a ton of strength to break free from the chains of alcohol.  Congrats and I won't be drinking with you tonight!  
I will not drink with you tonight but I will celebrate 60 freakin' days with you. A HUGE congratulations!!!!! 
Congrats!! 60 days is a big deal and a lot of work!!!
Props!
Congratulations!! 60 is awesome!!  
Girl!  Yes I'm having a dj party with my 6 year old right here in my house and we are coloring with sparkly markers.  Rob Base is on right now!  Let me know what I can play in your honor!
I can't stop patting myself on the back for 40 days my record. 60? That's freaking awesome...Congrats!! Now go treat yourself!
Well done. Congratulations!
I'm proud of you!! 60 days- that's wonderful!! 
Good for you! Regular people will never get us babe!
Excellent! Great job!
So proud of you!  Stay strong.
congratulations!  
There is a legion at your back! Keep your chin up and remind yourself why you embraced sobriety. 
My parents meet in AA. They're separated and both drink quite heavily now. But they're very proud of me. ..It's the ones who know the struggle who will appreciate it. To everyone else it won't seem like a big deal. As long as it's a big deal to you keep after it and come here to celebrate as you did today. Great fucking job with 60 days! I won't drink with you today
Yay! Congrats 60 days IS a big deal! 
Keep it up 60 more days then you had before. I can't wait to hear the next milestone 
Yo I am *sorry* you got such a lukewarm response. 60 days is amazing I just got there and I've never been more proud of myself. People don't get it: they don't count their drinks like us so they don't count days like us. But we feel you congrats!!
Yay!   good for you. 
I hear ya looking forward to celebrating my 60 day mark also
Congratulations!  It's a significant achievement.  Keep it up! 
Fantastic job!!!
Nice job!
This is huge because it's hard for me to make 6 days. So congrats!!!! 
Awesome job. I hope you are proud of your accomplishment. 
That is so awesome!!  Hooray for you!  Keep in mind these weren't just any 60 days these were the FIRST 60 days.  You ask any long time sober person on this thread if they'd like to repeat the first 60 days and the answer is going to be "uh hell no."  Very impressive job well done very proud of you.
I'm sorry they didn't appreciate your work! That's bullshit! ...Sucks so bad to be so proud of something and have others blow you off. I am super proud of you! Keep up the good work.
Great work! Nobody in my offline life understands either but here we do!
Congratulations on your accomplishment.  As a 60 day twin today I know what it means. Well done and keep it up.  I will not drink with you
Yay for you!!!  We are all pulling for you!!  God bless you little one.
60 a great milestone. We deserve to do a touchdown dance when we hit numbers of significance. I used do my touchdown dance (in my head) and then move out the goalposts. I'm rooting you on to reach your next milestones and cheering you on today. 
Way to go!  In my eyes that is an enormous accomplishment..
Its hard for some people to understand how significant 60 days sober is. Don't let that discourage you! It's enough that you know life is better sober.
Congrats on your huge achievement! Keep it up!!!! Can't wait to see you at 120 days!
Top work well done and I'm proud of you! 
to hell with those people. they are probably intimidated by your self development. watch out for family during major life changes towards positive growth. you can get weird blowback instead of support. thankfully... we're all here we think you rock! 
Hey! I care! I have 60 days today too and it's awesome! Four months ago I would have never believed I would find myself here and it is a huge accomplishment for me. But for someone who hasn't struggled with drinking I can see how it might not strike them as so meaningful. But 60 days is a long time (for me) considering that I struggled to stay sober for more than two days at a time for the better part of the last year until I found this sub and all the wonderful people who inhabit it. Congratulations to you happy sober-versary and I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY!
Congrats! Keep it up 2 months is a long time! 
I'm happy for you!! 
Congrats. 60 days is a huge accomplishment and deserves recognition. Keep at it one day at a time.
Good job!
That's amazing !!!!
Reminds me to celebrate everyday for myself. Congratulations I will not drink with you tonight !
This brought tears to my eyes. Not because I'm just starting but because nobody cares. I know what that means. My wife doesn't have a clue how difficult it is.  This now for me is make or break..Hugs I'm proud of you.
Just wait til it's a year and they don't congratulate you keep going for yourself. My family of alcoholics have barely said a word makes sense but doesn't make it less of an awkward annoyance. 
My wife hasn't said a word about my sobriety. I've been sober 45 days-ish. I think she would rather me drink. Nobody gives a shit about me not drinking. Not even my wife
We care! Good on you! Keep it up! You should be tremendously proud!
I have gotten similar responses. I just come here like you did or silently reward myself!
THIS IS A BIG DEAL!!! I've been trying to quit for the past 3-4 months. Best I've done is 6 days in a row. Co grata on this HUGE milestone and keep it up! So proud of you for doing what I have not been able to do.
Congrats on your 60 days!!
Fuck yeah! We care and you care and that matters. Congratulations!
They are not Sobernauts like us.  We are proud of you.
I'm crazy proud of you! That is HUGE! And I totally get people not getting how big of a deal it is. ..Keep up the hard work! I will not drink with you tonight &amp; sober on!
I remember 60. That was a huge deal.  I had only recently made it to forty days in a previous quitting attempt  so 60 made it a significant milestone. 
Hell yah!  Congrats!
2 months? Congrats on just two days! Two fucking days is hard. You did that times 30! I don't know you but I'm proud of you. I want to become you some day. You're an inspiration to someone like me who doesn't think in terms of months yet.
Congratulations!!! I think it's a big fucking deal and I'm way proud of you!! If you were my IRL homie I would take you out for dinner..
Well done!..In my experience occasional drinkers don't understand how difficult it is to get to a 2 month streak and as such will struggle to congratulate you. ..That's why we're here!..IWNDWYT.
Congrats to you. We've been there it only gets better. 
Great job!!
Congratulations
Congratulations!
Awesome job!! That is amazing and i will not drink with you today!
I'm sorry the ones closest to you aren't being more supportive. That's not cool on their part. One of the most striking things I've noticed when telling anyone who drinks that you're sober is that they have a moment of reflection on their own habits and resent you for it. Maybe that's what happened here they probably are proud of you for taking control but can't get past their own shit to tell you. .People here have got your back friend. That's for sure. 
Well done!!! That's superb.. (I hate to ask but is there the need to address the lack of interest/support from them? Might there come a time when you need it from them??)
I care well done! 
One of the biggest struggles I've found is that your closest family sometimes doesn't want to believe it was as bad as it was or at all. They weren't around in my case to see me shitfaced and doing what I do while shitfaced. I hid it well. I was never a daily drinker but a binge/blackout drinker. They never saw it. So when I decided to kick it they were like "uhhh ok why?"..I also feel like a lot of people are made uncomfortable by it. When you quit something and they still do that thing it can seem like they're doing something negative or they will start judging themselves.
Lets celebrate with moderate drinking of water
Well done! That's absolutely fantastic! I'm a tiny bit jealous  
Well I'm incredibly proud of you! Well done!!! 
Nice job! My goal is to be sober for one year!
I'm proud of you too. Some won't get it and lucky them.  Know that you're making profound and meaningful change for the better. 
Awesome OP. I'll be at sixty days sober next week! It is quite a feat. Have you been hit with a crazy amount of energy yet? I have. It's awesome but it makes me want to drink more than when I was down and out. I've been using that energy to do chores and clean up the spaces in which I live which is totally against my character. It's been very rewarding though. I'm happy for you RosaMorte. Lets get better together.
Gj buddy
You should be proud congrats!
That is a fantastic accomplishment.  I'm sorry to hear your family and clearly so many others don't get how great it is.  Best of luck!
I do care you're an example to follow thanks for letting me know it's possible to reach day 60 (or at least pass day 4) thank you
Your rock!
It may take a while to impress them especially if they took on any pain from your drinking. They could also just be ass holes! I have a friend who still lives with her parents that don't support her decision and with siblings that try to get her wasted all the time. She has been sober for 3 years. Just to say that you can stay clean and sober in spite of your surroundings. Congratulations on your time! ..Are you working steps at all or taking another route? ..I'm working on year 7! I'll have that on June 9th 2018. 
60 days is huge. You should be super proud. Well done!
Most people can only share emotions when they have had the experience themselves. It's an extremely rare person who really knows how so I don't hold it against anyone. That and drinking is one of those things (just like sugar) that people hold onto as part of their belief system. ..This is a private and deeply personal journey for most of the people on this sub- it's why we're here. Keep up the good work. 62 days is just around the corner!
That's awesome.  Keep it up!
That's great news that you made it to 60 and not so great that you feel you have no one to share it with...In my AA group we give out chips for each month sober in the first year. You'd have gotten your two month chip everyone would have applauded and after the meeting people would be walking up to congratulate you. ..I'm a big fan of AA for two things: one it gives you a structure to deal with alcohol and two it gives you fellowship with people who know exactly where you've been and how hard that first two months is. If you haven't checked it out yet may I suggest you give it a try?
Well done it's so tough to fight against the urges when they hit but 60 days is great!  
Congratulations!!! 60 days of sobriety are 60 days that you put your best self forward!!  That is no easy feat!..
Congratulations 60 days is huge!  Job well done :)
I still remember picking up my 60-day chip   and the huge sense of self-satisfaction and pride that I felt. It was the first time in years that I felt like something in my life was going right...Don't let anyone take this away from you. The decision to make a change is one that not everyone can understand or accept and all you can do is keep marching forward. ..Congrats /u/RosaMorte   I will not drink with you today either!
The people that didn't understand my struggle were holding me back.
Good job! 
As others have already said I will never forget how impossible it seemed to go an entire 30 days without drinking. I would hear of people doing it and marvel at it. It sounded like climbing Everest. I knew it could be done but probably not by me. Here at SD you will always have recognition for 30 days 60 days 600 days 3 days 37 days and especially the palindromes for some reason!   . Congrats on 60 - it is truly something. 
Congratulations!     That's awesome!! Keep it up! I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations! 61 days for me today as well and I realize the same thing I'm doing it for myself and not my family even though they benefit  too. Only people like us understand what a triumph this is to be sober and that's why I keep coming here to encourage and to be encouraged by you! I will not drink with you today!
63 days for me. I am proud of you and I know what it took to get there. Keep it up.
Hey this my situation! I'm so glad I get to celebrate each clearheaded moment with you and so many others at SD. Congratulations!
Congratulations!!! I raise my tea to your success!.
That's huge! Keep it up!!
Way to go!
Congrats! I had that issue also. When I would drink my family would give me a rough time and nag me about quitting. Then when I finally stopped not even a peep of support or congratulations. That's why we gotta remember that we're doing it for our self and no one else. Keep it up!
My family is very politely maintaining the fiction that I was never a borderline abusive alcoholic. 
