-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e31p3/i_drank_last_night_and_im_so_glad_it_went_well/

The reason I wanted to stop drinking was because Ive used alcohol to self-medicate depression. To stop feeling like shit all the time..67? days ago I did a serious suicide attemt and was in a psych ward for 5 weeks. I got alot of help both therapi and medication. I had a total breakdown and went in a deep depression after a rape in May. Started to drink alot..After I got home Ive stayed sober been exercising started to work again and beeing more social and open about my problems. Before i just shut eveyone out I didnt think anyone would beleive me.  ..Last week i found out that my psychologist is a guy in his 40s.. im gonna meet him this week. I really wanted and asked for a woman. But the system didnt listen and i dont have the right to deside gender. I just really struggle to talk about the rape towards men. It just get awkward! I can talk to men about everything else.. But this is gonna be so hard for me. Its hard enough to even talk about it to women! ..So i felt really down this weekend and unfornatly after over 2 months sober i began to drink. ..Luckily all i did was play online videogame for 9 hours. I didnt talk to anyone i know. And i wasnt shitfaced I drank so slow so i was just tipsy and not drunk. I didnt embarras myself.. I had alot of fun and totally relaxed...I would never had the energy to play games for that long usually.. But man.. I got lucky I guess...Im just gonna have to give my psychologist a chance. And hope we get some sort of chemistry. If it doesnt work im not sure what to do.. Ive already been 5 weeks without any help.. I dont want to wait several more months for a new one..
----------immediate responses--------

That's a tough one.  I'm so sorry you experienced a traumatic event and I'm glad you're getting help for it.  If it helps any I've had several different therapists over the years and only one male and I found it easier to talk to him about sexual abuse than I did a couple of the females.  He was gay so I don't know if that made a difference.  But he was also the guy who convinced me to go to AA and get sober so I definitely have a soft spot for him...At any rate yeah I think you got lucky.  But don't beat yourself up about it.  You did good--you came here to talk about it!  That's a huge thing.  Come back and tell us how the appointment went.
Be open to him you may find his energy welcoming but if you aren't sure you can mention that a big issue you're worried about talking about is rape and that you were wondering whether he thought you should see a woman and see what he says. He might be able to do something internally to get you a different therapist. Ideally they all want to help you however best to do that. Or it may just set the tone for his understanding what a fragile issue it is and approach it with the care it deserves. Best to you.
I'm so sorry for what you've been through and glad you're getting help. I hope you stay sober and get better.
