-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e4p2h/heart_sore_the_longing_for_oblivion/

I hurt my heart feels like it is made of glass &amp; my soul light is dimming with pain. I am yearning to feel the optimism hope &amp; gratitude that I know is within me..... But I am lost in a quagmire of emotions that are as much habitual as they are a default setting for my mental illness (complex ptsd diagnosed over 15yrs ago)...I am craving oblivion alcohol is sending it's sweet ugly call to me with promises &amp; lies - "I will help you let the emotions out" "I will give you comfort in my darkness" "I will offer you a world where you don't have to try". These promises are true another relapse will give me those things But it will also bring back my utter self loathing my hate &amp; anger my FEAR of living of being alive a relapse WILL lead to another suicide attempt &amp; self harm through cutting *(about 4yrs since doing either)*. And it is not an "if" or "maybe" it is a when - in a week a month or two or even today if I make that choice &amp; start drinking as soon as that shop opens!..I am scared because that darkness is calling me - those core schema beliefs of worthlessness hopelessness &amp; utter terror are hovering are trying to push their ugly way into my hard worked for feelings of optimism courage gratitude &amp; hope feelings that I have been creating for myself over many many years But I have always in the past opened the door to those "ugly" feelings/thoughts I have welcomed the oblivion with a "come on in &amp; let me destroy myself"...In the last 100+ days I let that door open a smidgen &amp; then firmly slammed it shut But the knocking &amp; pounding are becoming insistent &amp; incessant!..But also in the last 3 &amp; half months - for the first time ever I feel grateful to be alive I am embracing a self that I care about feel proud of LIKE. A self that is becoming natural open &amp; courageous. I changed my definition of FINE from Fucked Insecure Neurotic &amp; Emotional to - Funny Inquisitive Nurturing &amp; Evolving.... I am learning that it is okay to take care of myself that Hope &amp; Optimism are beautiful if still confronting feelings......This morning *(8am West Aus)* &amp; insidiously over the last few days I am struggling! I have walked to the shop for milk watered my garden fed my pets &amp; played with Tonka dog I even accepted his huge cuddles.... Yet oblivion is **still** singing it's siren song to me &amp; I am afraid scared that I will go back to what I know instead of embracing this journey of self love &amp; acceptance hopefulness bravery courage of living sober.......I am not up to making an all day promise of not drinking but for the next few hours I promise that I won't drink. I will sit with these feelings &amp; I will keep checking in here with my SD fam..... A place that I am so grateful for where it is safe for my heart &amp; my words. Thank you xx..EDIT: The bottle shops have been open for 3hrs &amp; I haven't gone shopping!!! The intensity for oblivion is lessoning thanks to you lovely people. Hour by hour I won't be drinking this afternoon I will be sitting outside in the Spring sunshine though.
----------immediate responses--------

You're such an incredible writer. I wish I had words of wisdom to offer that are as poetic as your post. I will offer you a few quotes that have helped me along the way. Also the suggested readings are good to refocus your mind. ..I enjoy life because I'm not busy drinking; I don't drink because I'm too busy living. ..Success is not final failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.   Winston Churchill..Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened vision cleared ambition inspired and success achieved.   Helen Keller..In the end some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths.   Drew Barrymore..You only have to eliminate one drink today; the first one...In life pain is inevitable but suffering is optional. There are no victims only volunteers. ..You're not losing drinking you're gaining life..
Beautifully written. I will not drink these next few hours with you. 
Uh-oh sweet lady sorry to hear you're having a tough time!..My shed is always free if you need somewhere to lock up the Booze Goblin for a bit.... ;&gt;)&gt;..Have you got any meetings lined up over the next day or two if that might help?..There's no day so shitty that a hangover couldn't make it worse eh!..Sending my massivest hugs from the other side of the planet hang in there hon and keep us posted on how you're doing!..I won't drink with you ..Woody :&gt;)&gt; xxoo
Oh dear Quirks this is so painful to read. I am so grateful that you share with us how you feel. You just continue to amaze me over and over again with your incredible will and ability to choose life...I have never ever found comfort in knowing that other people are hurting too; it makes me feel guilty and small (you know where I m at right now I came home less than an hour ago). Yet I cannot begin to fathom the pain you have endured and I cannot begin to image the strength you have mustered to deal with it. This makes me so humble - not that you suffer but the awe-inspiring grace you meet it with. I m at a loss for words. ..I know the call of Oblivion in flashes it still bites at my bones flickers like a ghost in my head but I m silently grateful every day that I did not succeed in answering it. It s not there anymore only the memory asking to be revived. I cannot tell where or how it withered away and died just that at one point the sun rose the shadows and darkness gave way and oblivion gave way with it. You know I m here the fights aren t over but with every fiber of my body I know that the sun rose the war has been won. The knocking and pounding are only the death cramps of the beast...All the words you have claimed for your life - funny nurturing evolving acceptance bravery courage hope - they are yours. They are rightfully yours. You give them meaning...Hour by hour dear Quirks I will not drink with you.
I won't be drinking with you these next few hours either. I love your FINE you got this just gotta make it over this bump. The bumps suck. That siren song....they should make headphones that block that damn song OUT!!! Stay strong Quirky we are here for you!!
Sending hugs from the NT
Hello Quirky! We love you here. Sending you a hug.
Hi friend! I'm so sorry you are battling those wicked thoughts. I know them too well!  Most important is you ARE worth happiness and oblivion sucks. Just sayin'!..Sending big BIG hugs to you!! ..Xoxo 
Oh dearest Quirky. I'm so glad you can pour out your soul here. It inspires me and I hope I would do the same if suffering or being greatly pulled by the old beast :(..I don't know if this helps but while I was struggling this year to get any sober time under me again my therapist said to me "Whether you drink or not does not mean anything about you as a person". It really sank in. We are tender souls doing the best we can. I am not better or worse if I drink however I do create a little suffering for myself going down that path. But it's OK. I am OK...This is not easy stuff we're doing here not at all.
GOD DAMN I love this. Really needed it. I am feeling very much of what you describe. Tonight and in the past. The darkness during sobriety is deep and unwavering but there are things to be learned from it. Suffering is the core of the human experience without it we are nothing. I hope you have enjoyed some meditative thought since posting this I plan on doing the same. ..Be FINE. Not drinking with you tonight. 
You have a wonderful way of expressing yourself Quirky. I'm struggling too but for different reasons. Thank you for your nurturing self. ..Let's do this together. I won't drink with you friend!
Sorry you are struggling friend. I am glad that you like yourself. I like you too and so do many others. Your light is needed here and by me so selfishly and also for you i wish you courage to stay the course. 
Ah the old off switch.   It's good to be honest.   Especially with your self.   If you walk around telling yourself and everyone else that everything's fine... well keep doing that for a few years and that's not going to get you anywhere.   Not anywhere good at least...Now when I feel that longing for oblivion I can acknowledge it honestly.  I don't really try and fight it either.   I just kind of acknowledge it and it usually goes away in a few hours. ..We put waaaay tooooo much pressure on ourselves and don't give ourselves enough credit.   From an evolutionary perspective  we're basically smart chimpanzees that don't live in trees and that have cars and cellphones.  ..Get through the minute  the hour the day.  Hit the pillow sober that's a successful day.  That's it.  Maybe tomorrow will be better  maybe not...  but you can handle it..
i felt your post in my heart &amp; i don't know you but i know you. you are loved &amp; you are needed in this world EXACTLY as you are. take care of you dear quirky/beautiful soul. IWNDWYT
Quirky I just saw this; I hope you made it through your day holding yourself well.  I am sorry it's being so tough and I can only say that for me the only way through is through -- and alcohol is a barricade to actually getting through. Slowly I learn to turn toward my desire for oblivion with compassion and curiosity -- the "inquisitive" in your re-frame of FINE which I love BTW and am going to use. Hold yourself gently friend as I hold you in my heart.  If there's anything you need please know I'm here...
BTW I saved this post because it really speaks to me...
