-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e61k5/ive_always_been_an_alcoholic/

I guess I should share my story. In the rough week ahead I'll need this glaring reminder of just how bad I am. ..I started drinking when I was 18. I was out of school had a hard time finding a job most of my friends were still in school and I had no transportation. I was home alone with nothing to do the majority of the time. Video games and anime got boring pretty quick when it's all you do. So  of course I started drinking. Half a bottle of vodka a day. Every day. This went on for roughly 6 months until the day I couldn't afford it. My dad's beer in the fridge looked so tempting and it use to turn my stomach. I stopped that day for the better part of a year no problem. ..Then my friend's over controlling step dad got kicked to the curb. She and I could finally go partying. This is the part of my life when I learned I couldn't social drink. I've always had a problem being unable to stop before blackout drunk but socially I would drink until I puked. This went on for a while until she expressed concern for me. I slowed down and could drink again. Yea right. It became and every weekend thing of getting WAY to drunk at parties. Eventually I stopped again again with no withdrawal...Then she committed suicide. The following depression of losing my best friend hit me hard and I developed insomnia. Now stupid me again making bad decisions again turned to alcohol again for sleep again(this sentence is intentionally). This was the longest and worst stretch yet. The amount it took got progressively bigger topping out at one point in seventeen 5.9% 12oz beers in one sitting. I had a job and college though so I didn't day drink for about 2 years. Then I lost my job I had no friends left. I'd pushed them all away. There was nothing on the weekends to stop me. At first I said only once a day and not before 5. But then it became "oh I woke up so early I need to go back to sleep until a normal time" and then eventually "fuck it." I was at a 30 pack a day on the weekends and 2 30 packs during the week. This is while I need to be studying. I'm lucky I absorbed the lectures pretty well I managed to keep a good GPA. "how was winter break? Do anything fun?" I didn't even remember it. I started to hate drinking. I felt sick all of the time but it didn't stop me from cracking open a beer anyway. ..I finally decided to quit when I put my hand through a window on accident. That went well. For about 4 months. Saw drinking in a game and for some reason it triggered me so hard. I thought "I just want to be normal."  Surely now since I almost never think about it I could go back to being normal right? I did it once before right? I fought with myself for an hour before I ended up at a counter holding a 12 pack shaking. I relapsed completely. Here I am again with a thirst that won't quench. ..I was never normal. I could never stop at just one or two. It was always all or nothing for me. I may not have always been an alcoholic but I've always had that tendency. With this lesson learned along with knowing 1 drink can lead to a 2 week binge I hope to be stronger. ...That was a lot sorry. If you read it all thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here.  Welcome!
So glad you are here! 
I am right there with you. I told myself I would quit for three months and hopefully I would reset my drinking tendencies. After the three months I celebrated and in just a couple days I was back at full blown bender status. 
I really resonate with the "I just want to be normal" thought. It's something I really struggle with. It takes a lot of vulnerability and courage to admit that you are not normal...Funny how much drinking parallels with mental illness--I think often those that are mentally ill also have substance abuse problems to feel 'normal.' I say this because it is the same thought process I use to stop taking my meds (I'm bipolar). Think about how crazy that is! My life can become screwed instantly because I think that there's a way for me to be normal--like other people even though I have a diagnosable illness that I've seen screw up my family members life. And they are alcoholics too!... Scary to think the same rational is used for drinking. I will not drink with you today (and I will take my meds).
