-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e71de/hey_you_tell_someone/

Hey. Hey you. Yeah you there trying to quit drinking all by yourself- got something to tell ya. **You need to tell someone**. You can't outthink and outmaneuver your way out of this; you have to tell someone who you trust that you have a problem with alcohol and that you're trying to recover...This was my problem. I thought I could think my way out of it and go it alone. My drinking was a secret so there was no reason why my recovery shouldn't be a secret as well. I was wrong. My recovery failed for that reason. It failed many many times...It reminds me of the character Raskolnikov from Dostoyevsky's *Crime and Punishment*. He carries a secret with him throughout the novel that tears him apart from the inside psychologically. He feels alienated from his fellow human beings and the range of his freedom of action grows smaller and smaller. The only thing that can end this type of psychological alienation is to communicate with another human being...I just told a close friend of mine about my struggles with alcohol how I've tried to stop many times and been unsuccessful. How boredom and loneliness grew to habit and how habit grew to losing control of the situation. It's scary to communicate that because it shows vulnerability. A lot of us who drink ironically are the very people who want to *seem* like we're in control. Still I had something building up in me where I knew I had to say something even if I was afraid to. It was *necessary*. If you can relate go with that feeling and blurt it out if you have to; go where the feeling leads. I feel like a tremendous weight has been lifted from my shoulders. You may be carrying something that you don't need to carry.
----------immediate responses--------

I've always been a go-it-alone person too. Tried Rational Recovery in 2004 when I was 19 will power in 2007 forced by circumstances two years ago generally lasted roughly a year each time then almost unconsciously start again. I'm sure it's because I didn't commit properly at the start. I just finished reading Russel Brand's new book Recovery and the biggest thing I got out of it was the need to not go it alone. I think I'm starting to believe it. I'm even thinking about going to an AA meeting and at least get up to the inventory step something I've never written out or told anyone. It'll take a loooong time. Thanks for the post mate. 
There's an aphorism that I take seriously-.."Resentments will make me drink; Secrets will kill me"...I got successful when I confided in others.  The weight was lifted.  I started to heal!
That's my favorite book of all time.  
Yeah. Trying on my own didn't work...any of the times. This time I told the 3 people closest to me and started going to AA. So far it's a lot easier. It really is. I'm finally going to read Crime and Punishment because of that synopsis. Thank you 
