-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7e9ind/didnt_study_dreams_replaced_with_started_drinking/

I read the FAQ here and Google'd it so I know it's normal to dream (EVERY single night) that I've started drinking again - but it's super annoying. I've been out of high school for decades but I still dreamed almost every night that I forgot to study for a test and the sinking feeling of reality hitting me. Since I quit drinking that dream has been replaced with dreams that I started drinking again. It's usually me finding a loophole and I'm so happy!!!! BEER I can have like 3 - 4 beer every night cause it's just beer! and it's like YEEEESSSSSSSS and I'm so frigging happy everything makes perfect sense again. But then reality hits and I realize a bunch of things in succession: 1. Beer has alcohol 2. I quit for EVER as in forever ever ever and I'll never ever get to enjoy alcohol EVER again 3. OMG I relapsed and need to start all over!!!!!..Wake up stressed but relieved...go to washroom go back to bed dream repeats...Maybe venting here will clear my subconscious so I can go back to stressing about not studying (although it isn't much more fun). Something tells me this isn't going away anytime soon though. .
----------immediate responses--------

I have drinking dreams normally a few days after a big trigger like going to a party.  I wake up with the same crippling anxiety and worry that got me to the point of quitting.  I use it as a reminder of what I do not want to go back to.  IWNDWYT
Similar dreams here.  Early in life it was school dreams then business (late to catch a plane can't find the meeting room where I'm supposed to make a presentation) and now drinking.  ..I think it's a reflection of how important this is to me.  That feeling of panic when I wake up. ugh.  Recently I dreamt that I woke up and asked my husband if I drank the night before -- yes I was still dreaming *that*.  When I finally came up out of that double-layer dream it was very confusing but at least I really didn't drink.  ..The dreams are weird but better than drinking!  Our subconscious is working at things resolving problems letting go of stuff we don't need anymore...I won't drink with you today..
I have woke up about half the mornings with the idea I need to login and reset my badge. Then I realize u didn't drink last night I dreamt I did.
Drunk dreams are very common. Don't worry they get less frequent as time passes. Just relish in the immense relief you feel when you wake up for now.
