-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7eipou/finally_turned_a_corner/

Last night was the first night I knew I didn't have to drink the first night free from the sickness and struggle of intense disorienting illogical craving...Great relief. I've washed up on shore from a shipwreck in the clear morning exhausted and safe...This breakthrough came with the realization that the power of my craving is inversely proportional to the quality of my decision not to drink. I don't have to entertain craving. I can simply be done if I am done. That's enough...Maybe I had to have the demon over for tea before he'd see there was nothing here for him. No crime of opportunity no meat left on my bones for picking...But that was it. Craving peeked his head through the door. I said  Nobody home.  And he left...When he returns this list will be posted on the door ..1. Life is better without alcohol..2. Craving hurts less than a hangover..3. I don't have to act on craving..4. Drinking feeds craving..5. Abstinence starves craving..6. Drinking is depressing..7. There's never just one...I will not drink with you tonight...
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent list I'm saving this post for reference!..
"Craving hurts less than a hangover." Awesome way to look at it! I'm going to use that one. 
"Drinking feeds craving / Abstinence starves craving." I've never heard it expressed this way but it's so true. Thanks for this!
Drinking is both figuratively depressing and also literally depressing as chemically it is a depressant.
Love this list thank you for this.  #4 and #5 remind me of the parable of two wolves - the one you feed wins..
YES. The conversation is over.
Buffankalo = Shakespeare....!
...or perhaps Ginsberg would be more fitting....but you get my point!.
Not at all...some very eloquent folk on here and your post here is a beautiful thing!..My drinking is problematic for me again reading this kind of stuff gives me the optimal buzz of the first few drinks...honestly...I'm going to find a Therapist tried many things but not talked to anyone and the disappointment I'm creating in my family's eyes is beginning to sting....
Yeah TNM on Audible and this sub helped me achieve 38 days earlier in the year.....then I fell and keep tripping....need a head reset!
Nice analogy...!
