-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ekhru/really_struggling/

I've been harbouring a secret for a while...a few months ago I slept with my secret (ex-)fling. Didn't find out til shortly after that he was dating someone else at the time (he'd told me they'd broken up...when no such thing happened). I kept completely quiet about it...I found out today from colleagues (who didn't know we used to have a thing) that his girlfriend is eight months pregnant. I found this out early this morning and have been gruelling through work til I've finally got back and been angry. I want to kick things I want to cut I want to get absolutely wasted and all of my previous self-destructive behaviours...I cannot talk to anyone about this I am already so ashamed of my actions. I don't want to talk about this as a relationship post and please please don't judge me. All that's happening is that now that I'm home alone I am seriously fighting my demons. I want to kick the absolute shit out of stuff hurt myself I want to drink vodka. I need to get through tonight what can I do please? I need to keep my mind occupied...In reaction to the news I congratulated him. He has since told me he's sure he told me before (he fucking didn't and he fucking knows it). I didn't reply to this and then texted me about two hours ago to ask if I'm now not talking to him. Him texting me isn't helping either...Please help I need to keep my mind elsewhere occupied.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. I'm sorry for what you are going through. We have all done things we aren't proud of but drinking is only a temporary fix for that guilt. It's just borrowed relief because tomorrow you will feel even worse. Deactivate your social media accounts for a few hours or just don't check them. Block that guy's number or at least don't look at your phone. Maybe you can read a book or watch a movie. I have lots of recommendations! ..Whatever you did is in the past and drinking tonight won't undo it or make you feel better. 
He is not worth the emotional energy you are shoveling in his direction.   Live and learn. Move on.  Block his number and be done.
It's not your fault! That guy is a giant douche bag and maybe steering clear of him might save you a lot of heartache. You can't control the way other people act. You can only control what YOU do. If you want positive results do positive things. If you want negative results do negative things. Keep your chin up! You'll get through this. Be true to yourself and take care of yourself. It's going to be okay. 
There's no need for the guilt. You didn't know how could you have? He didn't tell you. Anger makes sense that was a slimy thing to do. Put the phone down and calm yourself. Enjoy your night. He isn't your problem anymore...I would tell the poor woman though before it puts her in an even worse position when he does it again. Then again it's not your problem either I suppose...Have an enjoyable night. I will not be drinking with you tonight but how about we enjoy something sweet together instead? 
Sounds like you're getting wound up over a total douche bag. Also sounds like he did you a favor by making you so disgusted with him that you're gonna cut him out of your life. Why would we want scum like that in our lives while we are working on our recovery? Time heals a few weeks or so from now you'll be wondering why you were so flustered over someone of such poor moral fiber. Another thing how would you feel is you ruined your sobriety over such a worm? IWNDWYT
I'm sorry that sounds rough. Sending hugs. As for distractions house cleaning is my tried and true distraction. Keeps your hands busy so you won't pick up a bottle or anything else harmful and you always feel better afterwards.
Just remember the worse you feel the more he wins. Letting his actions ruin your night means he is in control. Take it back. Proud of you. Let's not drink tonight. I'm having a cup of tea and praying for you.
If I were in your shoes (and I haven't been too far away from them) I would block his number so that I don't see any more texts coming in. I would possibly take a long walk listen to a podcast light incense and candles take a long bath. This is all just me. Be proud of yourself for coming here to SD and asking for help. That's a huge and positive step. IWDWYT!.
I'd go to a meeting and get support!
You shouldn't be ashamed. You should be pissed. That guy is a piece of shit. Stop all contact and walk away from the situation. I hope that guy can get his shit together enough to not cause too many problems in the lives of child and her mother. 
