-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7emx8m/proper_subreddit_for_cutting_down_but_not/

Hey guys id just like to open with the fact that im proud of all of you for your accomplishments and respect you dearly for giving up alcohol completely...However the next part of my post may be triggering so please read no further if you are currently struggling.... Ive tried a few times to quit cold turkey but at the core i still do enjoy drinking but i know i need to cut down. Ive already cut my drinking down a lot with having a day job. I used to drink a handle in 2 days or 12+ beers a night but now ill come home from work and have a couple of beers and a few shots. That same handle will last me almost all week. Now i just need support knocking that down to only drinking a few times a week rather than daily. But i still enjoy being intoxicated. ..So basically im just asking if any of you know a good place for me to find moderation support?...Also ignore my badge the longest ive ever gone was 12 days.
----------immediate responses--------

My philosophy is at a minimum a person needs to stop drinking completely for a long period before consciously considering whether they could be a moderate drinker. ..The Big Book talks about moderate drinking being the secret and impossible desire of every alcoholic.  They don't want to quit; they just want to cut back a bit and yet are never able to. Take a look at chapter 3 and see if you relate -..https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/en_bigbook_chapt3.pdf
If you can moderate good on you. I can say in my case the most I went without drinking on my own was a month. Then I was back at it worse than ever...I don't know of any subreddits / support groups for what you are asking for but I can give some suggestions based upon my own experience...For me the first step was finding out why I drank as much as I did. I found that out with the help of a therapist when I checked myself into rehab. You could try some counseling to see if you can get to the root of why you drink as much as you do...If you figure out why and can then moderate with that knowledge good on you. I myself could not do it alone. That's why I ended up in rehab and why I still attend AA several times a week...One thing I have taken away from AA and like to pass on is that... AA isn't just about stopping drinking it's about learning how to live a happy and fulfilled life free of alcohol. I know I'd still like the feeling of alcohol but I also know all I used it for was an escape from reality. Now I enjoy living in reality. ..Good luck to you my friend! I wish you nothing but the best. 
&gt; Now i just need support knocking that down to only drinking a few times a week rather than daily...This was my hope for about 20+ years and damn I tried harder to moderate than probably anything else I've ever done in my life.  I'm also not trying to sound snarky or mean but I think all of us here on r/sd enjoyed drinking and being intoxicated.  My problem is I was born with a defective Off-Switch...I suspect if you could drink just six beers three or four nights a week you'd already be doing it.  I'm also going to guess that deep down you really do want to stop.  Believe me I was that person.  I felt hopeless and had resigned myself to thinking I would die a drunk. I woke up every morning hating myself as my brain did battle with the demon over whether I would drink that day. I had lost all control and I didn't care.  Then in August of 2015 I almost died.  That's what it *Finally* took for something to click in my brain and decide 'enough is enough'.  You could be a slow learner like I was and only a life-changing event will give you the motivation to stop.  While I don't have any words of wisdom for you regarding moderation I just wanted you to know that I possibly understand how you're feeling.  I also pray your "Click" comes before anything really bad happens.
Happy to help!..Assist a little - what would "moderation support" look like?  What kinds if things do you want to hear?
There is a group online but not on Reddit called moderation management. I can't moderate so I didn't learn too much about it. 
