-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7enhzk/relapsed_twice_as_hard/

This past week has been awful. I was doing good for a few weeks sober and one day of anxiety turned into that  fuck it  attitude and drank all day to get out of my own head. It's been non stop maybe only two sober days in the past two weeks. Why is it that this monster in us comes back to bite twice as hard when we try to quit? The quantity I've been drinking is literally twice as much as I used to and the hangovers too...I usually stay home and play video games but went out to a bar last week to meet some friends and I was already drunk. I was an embarrassing mess barely remember it. Tried to kiss a friend who I don't even see romantically. I know there was two guys I knew from school at the bar and just could tell they were entertained how much of a mess I was. I think I fell a few times at the bar woke up with road rash all over the tops of my hands some how and the top of my forehead. ..I'm just struggling with relapses and countless times have tried to stop. Just afraid of this constant failure and the escalation of this substance taking over.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I've been going twice as hard since pretty much Halloween and I've come to realize I'll never be the person who can have one drink. I never see the point when I drink I do it to get drunk. I know how you're feeling. Constant blackouts and not knowing what I did the night before. I flew home today and spent the entire 3 hour flight reading this sub and listening to audiobooks. Alcohol does not bring positive anything into my life. I won't drink with you today     
Our disease is progressive.  It can be days or months or years of sobriety and you pick up right where you left off and then some.  I found when getting sober that learning about my disease helped me understand some of my behaviors.  I couldn't get sober and stay sober on my own.  I needed AA outpatient rehab and addiction therapy to get sober.  I wish you luck and will not drink with you tonight.  
I've injured myself numerous times while drinking.  Ouch.  Be kind to yourself and try not to get discouraged.  You *can* quit drinking but it sounds like you just haven't found the right formula that works for you.  Maybe an addictions therapist would help or medication from your doctor or a support group.  In the meantime if you've racked up a few weeks of sobriety recently you can do it again.  But maybe use that time to figure out what additional support systems you need.  I'm glad you're back. 
