-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7eqdcf/my_thoughts_on_some_things/

Hello! This is my first time posting (im more of an active lurker). Ive been here since july trying my hardest to kick this nasty habit. Ive reset my badge an insane amount of times sometimes knowing id be resetting it in the next few days again and ill be resetting it once more today. The struggle has been eye opening to say the least every morning after drinking two things are on my mind; i need to stop this and i need to reset my badge and as much as i hate that little 1 next to my name i know its importance. Its the first step to getting better to growing out of my habits and vices to becoming a better person for myself and everyone around me. Im nowhere near better but im so much closer than i was just a month ago and i truly thank every single person in this sub. From every victory where someone came close to breaking but didnt to every setback where someone cracks after a long period of time every single story has been absolutely crucial for me. In every story i see myself where i am and where i could be. So thank you so much to everyone here youve all impacted my life for the better. Have a wonderful day and know that i will not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

I have been the same really want to beat this habit I'm on a reset again today good luck to you i no exactly how you feel just got to keep trying 
Sober On!
You have yourself a wonderful day as well!!!  You are going to get there.  I just know you will!! We are right there with ya!!!
You are the beating heart of r/stopdrinking. You can't be seen but you are keeping the rest of the sub alive. 
Do you have in real life support?  I've reset my badge several times since July too.  Patching together 40 day periods of sobriety is a lot healthier for me than 10 4 day stints and I'm convinced that AA is helping me get those ~ 40 days.  I will not drink with you today.
Hoping the best for you. What approach are you taking to stop? I found that education meditation and generally keeping busy helped me. May I recommend "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace. It's available for download on the side bar of this site. Good luck.
