-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7er4oo/laughing_on_the_outside/

Getting ultrasound on the inside this am. I had a bad relapse.  Waited a few days to show my face here. Reset again. Number 3. I lost another job to drinking. I was told about attendance but pushed my luck. Got comfortable and confident that I was better. Thats when I slipped. I hope I dodged a bullet. I have gained 17 pounds in a year. I am not a heavy set guy but I feel like I am carring a dead baby all day. I am humbled by the insanity. I will not drink today. I will work harder and be more honest. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back glad you're here. Perhaps a bit of reading would be helpful...Here's a link to see what others have posted which is most relevant for the word relapse: . .stopdrinking: search results - relapse..https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=relapse&amp;restrict_sr=on.
Recommendation accepted and appreciated. Thanks : )
Proud of you for trying again. Keep getting up!
Glad you're back...Planning on anything different this time?..Got a sober support network?
Glad you're back. I keep reminding myself the answer is simple just don't drink. Everything else will work itself out and what doesn't will be a heck of a lot easier to handle without that massive drinking problem destroying my life...The carrying around a dead baby line hits home. My analogy was that I felt like I was wearing a dead ape suit...You're can this! It's simple. Just one decision fixes all.
Its all I can do but try again. The ultrasound is to check my stomach. I am really bloated and ironically may actually have cirrohsis. Jokes on me huh... Hopefully I just will fart for about 20 minutes.
Just you guys. I could use alot more. Was told rehab would help but hey as Sam Kinison once said if you can find anyone to loan you 10k for rehab you dont have a problem yet. I dont have anyone that could loan me 20 bucks. I think I need to find an aa group I click with. I need more help...
Hey there! Glad to see you back here. Any idea what the trigger was? 20 days was my downfall for a long time. ..Changing my routine has proved incredibly helpful. I mentioned that on a thread here the other day; now it's actually super fucking inconvenient to go out and buy wine during the witching hour. I don't even have to work that hard to stop myself from going; I'm in the bath and then my hair is soaking wet and then it's time to cook dinner and boom bedtime. All I'm saying is I'm all for working hard but sometimes there is one simple thing you can do to make things easier on yourself...Hope the ultrasound goes well. I'm sorry about the job but I'm glad you're back. 
My liver is normal based on blood tests. So its a stomach thing or i am a fat fuck. Or I still need to fart. I am glad its not liver damage because I have been treating my liver like a red headed step child. I will not drink snd be thsnkful that I have you guys and have a third chance
Not sure yet. Liver function is good so thats a bonus but i feel like paul blart fart cop. I will know next week. All the shit is tough on your stomach and colon. Eats a hole in it. 
