-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7evags/need_help_on_a_christmas_travel_decision_to_keep/

Just recently moved to work a new career with my brother.  We live together.  Finally strung almost 2 months of sobriety until a bender/relapse last week.  (Took the first drink on an Alaskan airline flight back to my apartment...I was blindsided by their offer of free alcohol on the flight...insane). ..I thought this new location/apartment was my safe haven for sobriety.  I had told my mom before my relapse I will stay at my new place instead of heading home for the holiday (Christmas) family booze fest.  However  I am now concerned since my brother will be leaving and I will be at the apartment alone for 5 days that I could slip into an epic bender of self destruction.  My mom and brother know my situation with alcohol and can  babysit  me.  But there will be a plethora of alcohol during this holiday per usual.  ..I know my binge drinking pattern.  Alone with an opportunity to drink is a recipe for disaster.  However  fifths on fifths on case on case of alcohol at a family event is another proven recipe for disaster.  ..Tell the entire extended family I'm a raging alcoholic so I have a better chance of being held accountable?  Or try to tough this one out at my new apartment?  
----------immediate responses--------

Can you plan something special for yourself over the holiday if you spend it alone? Like going to see a movie going on a hike etc. so that you have something to look forward to each day? Also I think some AA chapters host alcohol-free holiday dinners sometimes if it's a big enough city. ..Personally being around extended family is extremely stressful for me and they drink a ton during the holidays. I'd stay home. 
Maybe you'll hate this but I would personally pick the apartment option and schedule the everloving shit out of the five days create a sobriety retreat. Check out different meetings from different schools of fellowship read sobriety books do some art therapy stock the fridge and try a new recipe daily build a meditation corner research and then practice a quick tai chi routine that kind of thing. But scheduled in short segments on a calendar in sharpie...How can you accidentally have a binge when it's 6 and you're scheduled to make chocolate chip cookies and browse meditation pillows on Amazon? Then you still have to watch Young Frankenstein and take a bubble bath with chamomile tea. There's no time!
I'd recommend AA. I'm in survival mode for the holiday season. A lot of AA halls having plenty of meetings during the holidays. I'd look into your local chapter...Being alone is a big trigger for me. Going to meetings helps me tremendously with that.
Tough one there. It really is a personal decision I guess. Where do you feel you will be the strongest? For me I....hmmmmmmm. Maybe the relatives. I guess these are things we have to get used to and if Mom and Bro have your back you may have a really nice time. You can always check in here if you are getting stressed with the fam I find everyone here supportive and terrifically distracting!!
