-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7evmka/wow_do_i_have_a_mess_on_my_hands/

I have been tapering for 4 days. Very much not drunk but also so lost. Just trying to NOT go buy more as ive been sticking to a taper schedule due to the uncontrollable anxiety...I put my fiance out of the house for drug use last December. I feel he is my soulmate. Since I put him out he spiraled into far worse drug and alcohol use and ended up arrested for these and other crimes as well...Today i went to a storage unit he rented after he left our house. We have kept contact bc i struggle with boundaries.  ..Over the past year he had asked me if i would be willing to sell some of my old laptops a few times and i said no that some day id like to retrieve the hundreds of baby pictures on said laptops...I found them in his storage unit and vaguely recalled him telling me that they couldnt be sold because he didnt know their passwords.  I had been too drunk to process such a violation over the past few months...He tried to sell basically worthless electronics that contain priceless photos and the only reason i was able to retrieve.Irreplacable photos is bc he was arrested...I HATE this disease...I told him tonight this is unforgivable but i know he also suffers from substance abuse so it makes me feel guilty bc i've certainly done some awful things too.. after some initial lies he simply cried and stated "im a piece of shit."..How do i reconcile this and most importantly without drinking?..Its essential to define the boundaries of acceptable addictive behavior.. this is one.. im devastated and so is he- as well he should be.
----------immediate responses--------

What has always helped me is remembering that there is nothing so bad that alcohol won't make it worse. 
Work on yourself right now stay sober and then work on the other things. I can't imagine being with someone with an addiction problem that was still using. Sending you strength
Get everything important and protect it- it'll be one more regret from drinking if you don't. After that maybe therapy/a support group can help you separate emotionally so that you can really focus on you. He'll have plenty of opportunities to work in himself. Worry about you and what you want to do. 
