-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7f5pxw/3_month_phenomenon/

I've been reading through this page off and on for a few years now. I've noticed many posts saying somet tho the effect of "I'm three months in and struggling" or "last time I made it three months". I personally have only ever made it that long. I might be projecting here or maybe I have some kind of bias. I'm wondering if this has been noticed by anyone else and what may be causing it. I think for me it's kind of alienating to be sober- especially to feel like I can't tell my friends this...For me at least it seems to go one of two ways. Either I make some headway in my life and I get overconfident or I don't put in enough work and wonder why my life hasn't improved. 
----------immediate responses--------

90 days is a milestone in recovery.  This is when we start to really feel well.  It's so easy to forget how crappy alcohol made us feel. ..I've been going to AA for about 100 days now.  I still don't have a sponsor.  I could see how making it this far with relative ease and feeling well could make someone feel complacent.
[removed]
From what I have read there are several milestones that cause one to get shaky with their sobriety.
I recently searched  30 days  here and then 60 and 90 just about of curiosity. It was very helpful in seeing where I am now where I plan/hope to be as well as some of the pitfalls of milestones.
I think your observation has merit...I have a speculation about that interval...I can do a lot through "sheer willpower".  However humans are poor at vigilance.  We eventually tire.  We don't attend to "steady state" dynamics.  Our brain reallocates attention away from that which is stable...You can test this if you like.  If there is some background sound after a little while I won't notice it *Unless* it changes to some extent.  If I put a roast in the oven after a while I will not be aware of the aroma.  However if I go outside for a moment to take out the trash etc. when I come back in the house the aroma strikes me!  ..Our sensory and cognitive processes are built for this.  If something is a "steady state" and is not a "danger" to me I reallocate that attention to something else in my environment.  It it changes I refocus...In the early days of "not drinking" I attend to it with my whole mind body and soul.  It's draining.  I'm doing it through willpower (assuming I don't have a support network)...Then if I get sober for a few days weeks or couple months my brain registers this as "a steady state" and now reallocates my attention elsewhere.  Hence - relapse...I was vigilant in the beginning.  Then I worked to develop practices patterns disciplines and habits.  Those removed my need to be vigilant.  Now I maintain "steady state sobriety" through daily practices.  ..Whadda ya think
