-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7f8zym/anxiety_depression_adhd_and_alcohol/

I'm 44 struggled with over-drinking for years. Two of our kids have recently been diagnosed with ADHD and when we've talked to their doctors I've thought "that sounds just like me!" ..I've had anxiety and panic attacks for years and have been taking an SSRi for quite some time (though obviously the drinking hinders their positive effects.) So I finally set up an appointment with a psychologist and she drew three connected circles that lined up as an "L" and labeled them anxiety depression and adhd. She said that if these things aren't addressed they often lead to: and she drew another circle which connected to them all and labeled it "substance abuse." ..She said that alcohol helps to soothe the discomfort that we feel with any or all 3 of these and for a while it works and maybe for the first time in our lives our ailments feel under control if only for a few hours. But then of course the substance begins to almost work backwards and against us and the presumed solution becomes a problem in itself and the other 3 ailments begin to RE-present often in even stronger or more unpredictable ways. ..I think she could see relief washing over my face and she gave this little empathetic grin that told me she really liked her job. I felt self-compassion like never before. I've wrestled with anxiety (and to a lesser extent depression) for years and self-medicated with alcohol. But when she says that I definitely have ADD too it made so much sense because I remember consciously using alcohol to turn down the noise in my head - to herd the mental cats so to speak. ..She prescribed me Adderall with the hopes of stepping down from Citalopram - she thinks that a large part of my anxiety has been my undiagnosed ADD (and my drinking.)..So I'm working on my 5th day of sobriety (including Thanksgiving Day)! I've done months of sobriety before so I know this can be the easy part but the power of finally understanding along with the Adderall has made these last 5 days so easy and so fulfilling. I feel like I notice life now and I've begun noticing the little joys that so many other people take from normal life. I just feel at ease like the sun breaking through the crowds. ..So please don't short-circuit the hard cognitive work or connected lifestyle changes that you're making to avoid or cut back on alcohol but if I could offer some advice from my story - don't hesitate to explore help for other related mood/attention disorders. ..I have real hope regarding my drinking for the first time and imagining a life without alcohol doesn't seem like a prison sentence but like a relief. Time will tell of course but Adderall and a competent psych eval has been invaluable. 
----------immediate responses--------

To thine own self be true.  Best Wishes .Life for me is better alcohol free. 
Good luck! It's a great feeling to actually have hope and to see the positives that can come out of not drinking. I have struggled with anxiety for my whole life and I know it was a big reason that I drank as well. But of course it just made everything worse instead of better. Seeing my therapist always helps to put things into perspective too :) ..I bet you will see some big changes soon and improvements. Stick with it and I will not drink with you today!
Having the right medications makes of world of difference in maintaining sobriety. Good luck and I won't drink with you today!
Congratulations. I'm a bit older then you and was diagnosed with ADHD. Being on adderal and sober = first time in my life I'm free of anxiety and calm. .Just have to remember to stay off the booze. Why go back and be a slave to it. Time to live life.Thanks
Thanks. .lets touch base in a month or two too.  Be cool to learn something from someone else going through same thing..I just finished reading driven to distraction which I loved.  This Reddit is great too. I go to aa but knew it wasn't the only thing for me. Now it all makes sense. Your story was spot on
