-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fctr4/i_lost_a_friend_today/

My sober friend. My only sober friend. as a matter of fact. I met him (I'll call him Johnny) when we started IOP together in March. I had just been released from 3 day inpatient detox and he just detoxed at Home. ..We did those six weeks of therapy together and got to know each other. We became sober friends which we both needed after our release. We exchanged texts almost daily and things are lookin good for both our continued sobriety. I've got my day counter showing my progress. ..Johnny doesn't really do that kind of thing. He says he goes to online AA but I'm sketchy on that.  He tells me he's good doing well. He's moving into a new rental and leasing out his old house. We text everyday about drinking and problems associated with it. ..As the days Add up I can feel a change in him. He does not text like he used to. He's getting quiet. He's putting me off about going to AA meetings I can feel it. ..A few weeks later He calls me from ICU and tells me he messed up he's sorry and was embarrassed to tell me because I'm doing so well. He's drinking for a month or two again. Straight vodka out of the bottle. Has lots of medical tests that all say that he will die if he drinks again. ..So he gets back on the wagon goes through IOP again and finishes goes to AA with me (he still has bright yellow eyes) and I can tell it wasn't the same as when we went together. He didn't talk about it much like last time I know something is up but not sure what. ..Couple months of daily Back and forth. He's sick and needs more tests (MRI AND endoscopy blood work and things). His eyes are pure yellow when I see him at our first AA meeting together. He says they are getting better and no news from the doctors after his MRI. ..His texts get less and less usually one word or sentence reply nothing substantive. I knew in my heart he was hiding again. I told him the last relapse that he should call me so we can work it together. ..I text him a few times this week one reply and then nothing. I text him thanksgiving morning to say happy thanksgiving and that I'm thankful he's my friend. I hear nothing. I text him in the afternoon and tell him that I'm worried about him. ..An hour later I get a call from his cell. It's his sister hysterical. She went to the house and found Johnny lying on the floor naked next to an empty one gallon vodka bottle and said he couldn't stand up and then no more talking. He gets an ambulance ride to the ER where they are informed of final stage liver failure failure and internal bleeding. He won't make it through the night...I leave my Thanksgiving guests and run to the ICU and see my friend. Heavy labored breathing internal bleeding piped out his nose yellow eyes bulging and not focusing. He looked decades older than my friend. I talk to him and tell him funny group and AA stories. I hold his hand. I tell him I'll go on and finish what we started. ..I left the hospital with Johnny's family thanking for helping with his sobriety that he talked about me a lot and how it made them so hopeful that he had found a sober friend. ..I received the call about 15 minutes after I got home so about 12:30 am today. Johnny had lost his battle with alcohol and liver disease. My friend Johnny was only 45 years old and a beautiful soul of a person. ..I tried to help him. I really tried to help him stay sober but I couldn't. His family couldn't either. Johnny had made his choice the disease had him and he couldn't get out and in the end I don't think he wanted to fight anymore. ..Please pray for my friend Johnny and his family and friends. And if you are struggling with your disease please pray extra hard for his family because what I saw in that hospital around my friends bed were the tears and sobs of 20 close family members that are broken. I don't ever want my family to have to do that for me. ..I'm sorry this is so long. Johnny and I started this together way back in March. I'm trying to cope and understand and I'm trying not to feel responsible. ..-Michelle
----------immediate responses--------

You are an amazing friend and person. I am so sorry for your loss. RIP Johnny.
Sorry for your loss. I experienced something similar recently. A friend of mine recently passed from liver failure at 36. He just couldn't stop drinking...Its such a devastating reminder that alcoholism is indeed a progressive and fatal disease. 
I'm so sorry. 
Thank you for being there for him in his final days and hours. You are a good friend. 
Michelle you sound like the kind of lovely being I would want holding my hand on the way out of this world. What a kind true friend! I'm so sad your friend didn't make it. ..If we can show love like this though in my opinion it is more than enough. Everyone must live out their own life in the end in their own way.
I am so sorry for your loss. This post has me in tears. Alcohol destroys lives and is so powerful. There's no such reminder as this. You are such an amazing friend. Unfortunately sometimes that isn't enough. ..I will not drink with you today. Rest In Peace Johnny. .
That hit hard. My heart hurts for you and all that loved him. Rest well Johnny. 
I bet he was so glad to have you as a friend. I'm so sorry please don't feel guilty. You tried your best. This disease is so terrible. We're all here with you  
RIP Johnny
I'm so sorry   that's terribly sad. He was lucky to have a friend like you   I can't imagine how hard it must be to stay strong under your circumstances.  Sending you an internet hug. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. May Johnny find the peace he has long been searching for  
  
You johnny &amp; his family are in my thoughts.  Thank you for sharing this story and thank you for your kindness.
Rest in peace Johnny.
Hugs and prayers to you and Johnny's family. You were there for him as best you could and he knew that. Stay strong in your fight you fought with him  
I'm so sorry. This is making me cry. It's beautiful that you and Johnny found each other even if it could only last a short time. It's not fair that addiction takes so much from us. I wish you peace and strength.
This is so sad. I have tears in my eyes for you and your friend. I won't drink with you today.
Sorry for your loss. RIP Johnny.
Thank you for sharing this powerful story and reminder that alcohol is very deadly. I'm scared. IWNDWYT! 
Hugs... I am so sorry for your loss.  
This literally has me in tears right now. I'm so sorry for your loss. Alcoholism is an insidious disease and for as many that beat it so many are still struggling and succumb to it. Don't blame yourself you did all you could as a supportive friend. Try to remember the good times you two had.
Heartbreaking. I'm sorry for your loss but I'm glad you posted about it. Thank you. 
I'm so sorry. This actually made me cry. It's so fucked up what we are capable of doing to ourselves I will not drink with you today. 
  I like that you will finish what you both started - that is certainly honoring the struggle.
Except for the grace of God there goes all of us!  You are a good friend you tried you're best.  We all have to make that choice sober or dead.  IWDWYT!
I am so sorry for your loss. May your friend RIP and may he be wind beneath your wings if you are ever being to falter. He may be gone but never will he be forgotten &amp; always be with you rooting you on.
I am so so sorry for your loss. You are a good friend and I am sure he was thankful for your presence at the end. Thinking of you.
I'm sorry for your loss. Johnny was lucky to have found you and we are grateful for you sharing his story. IWNDWYT.
This really affected me. Tears in fact. I'm thinking about the sadness Johnny must have felt and the internal struggle he probably had that he was letting you down. It breaks my heart. I am thankful he had your support and friendship and I can only imagine he was proud if you. I am very sorry for your loss. It has to be devastating. I hope you can stay vigilant in your sober life. I wish you only the best and I am here sending you support. Godspeed.
So sorry for your loss. This disease is no joke.
Oh Michelle there is no way you are responsible. You sound like the bestest possible friend Johnny could have had. .You stay strong and finish what you started for Johnny.
