-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fdgae/blackout_drunk_last_friday_and_still_feeling_the/

So I am new to this sub but wanted to post to see your guys' thoughts.  I'm not sure if I'm an alcoholic per-se but I am on high alert as both sides of my family have struggled with alcoholism...I myself drink a decent amount.  I am typically at least drunk once per weekend.  Also a few days during the week I drink about 4-5 standard drinks.  I have been like this for about the past year...This past Friday I went downtown and drank a lot.  Pregaming I drank around 4 beers.  Then when I went downtown I drank 2 rum and cokes.  Once the vodka came out I had at least the equivalent of 2 small glasses of pure Tito's vodka mixed with water and cranberry juice (5 glasses total).  I remember most of the night but I did blackout as some things are bits and pieces.  I also ended up falling down...I believe when I got home I threw up.  I felt terrible the next day obviously but my real concern is the few days afterwards.  I don't know if it is just me but since last Friday it seems that I have been a lot more tired and have a feeling of being "out of it."  It's nothing too bad but I feel like I notice a difference...I am paranoid that I may have done permanent damage to my brain but then I also think that it could be all in my head.  Also I have blacked out before and had no issues other than feeling like crap the next day.  I haven't drank at all since then except for one beer on Sunday night...In your guy's experience could that one blackout event have done permanent damage?  Or is it just all something I am making up?  It seems to have gotten a little better but I am not sure and also have no idea what I should do.
----------immediate responses--------

Man if that did even a little permanent damage I'd be an artichoke. 
Alcohol is a poison especially in high doses. Only a doctor can tell you if there is any damage but sustained use of alcohol will have negative effects on the brain and everything else. ..I too had alcoholism in the family and it does seem to our you at higher risk. ..Maybe give your body some time to recover and see how you feel. A lot of people will do a 30 day challenge so they can start to see the difference. 
The older I have gotten the longer it takes to recover from drinking episodes. Not sure how old you are but when I hit my 30's it seemed like certain (especially heavy) nights would put me in a spin for several days up to a week.  Lots had to do with electrolyte imbalance and lack of real sleep.  It got worse and worse for me until I quit completely. My brain is now 100%. I feel great. It was pretty dicey there for a bit though. Give it a few more days and then check in with your dr. ..Keep us posted. .Iwndwytd.Lemon 
The older you get the worse the hangovers become. I'm not a medical professional but if it were me I would blame it on mixing liquors and aging. Happens sooner than you would think. 
One blackout - can lead to long term consequences - I've attended AA meetings in prison (as a volunteer from the outside) where men incarcerated for 30 years do not remember committing the crime.  ..I've heard stories in other AA meetings about people waking in a different country married to a stranger yep blackout...For me I did not blackout every time I drank but on occasion I did and it scared me too.  eventually I said "enough"
