-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ffs3x/second_aa_meeting_last_night/

I have been vary fortunate in my life.  I've been broke I've struggled I came out on top.  I own my own business and two house's something I never thought possible when I was younger.  Some how I acquired all this while drinking.  I drink to deal with boredom stress anxiety.  The higher I get the further I have to fall.  That terrifies me.  Some where along the line I started to loose my self.  The drinking got worse and worse.  I would go weeks without paying attention to my business.  I get sobered up straighten out my life then back to the bottle.  This is a never ending cycle so I thought I'd give AA a shot. ..First meeting I went to was only three people  one lady's husband was in jail  another guy was broke and staying in a halfway house.  ..Second meeting people were talking about how it was AA or commit suicide and how they get so angry they want to hurt people.  Some had been homeless  some are a pay check away from being homeless.  Drug attics Some are suffering from mental illness...I don't identify with these people.  But they really give me a great appreciation for the people in my life and what I have.  I lost that along time ago.  I guess it's self serving but seeing them dragging through life gives me a whole new perspective on my life.  ..I'm going to continue to look for a meeting where I fit in maybe in another city.
----------immediate responses--------

Took me awhile to find my two "tribes".  ..They're great!!
I don't go to AA but I just wanted to give you a high five for your 11 sober days. Keep looking for a good home group. I won't drink with you today!
It took me a while to find meetings that worked for me. I am young and my meetings for a while were all old guys 50+ and I didn't feel right there. Now I have 3 meetings I go to that are a variety of ages lots of people and I finally have friends there...AA has been a huge part of my recovery so I hope you are able to find a meeting that meets your needs. If not there's always SMART or SD right here in your pocket :) As long as you don't drink that's the important thing.
Nice work. I kept going to meetings until I found ones that worked for me. Also whenever I came across someone I couldn't relate to I tried to tell myself that were it not for growing up with a good support system a good family no mental illness stopping before it got really really bad etc. there's a chance I could have ended up like that. Just because I didn't have that exact experience YET doesn't mean I can't relate. Glad you're here! 
 Had to learn to hear how people felt and how they struggled not to how they lived and their circumstances...i have had to find new AA homes several times due to ever improving life and my formula is always to keep looking until it clicks keep sharing keep listening get there early leave there last sit in the front or at the table and remember that I need to be there for the other people as much as I need to be there for me...Good luck not drinking with you today
In any large city there are AA meetings for professionals. Doctors Attorneys Realtors...Call the hotline and find one.
Keep trying different meeting. I have sober 17 years and could not have done it with out AA. There tons of meetings keep searching you will find your place..
To repeat others keep shopping. There are lots of options and you'll find some that click and others that don't. Take care. I won't drink with you today. 
Good lord. I hope you can find a meeting with some hope and solution talk! ..I'm proud of you for continuing to look and go...Id trya speaker or step study meeting
