-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ffzn1/turning_30_as_a_sobernaut_and_not_having_fun/

On top of the holidays and all that brings this is the time of year my core group of friends and I all have our birthdays. We have a couple in December mine is in January and a few more in February...and we're all turning the big 3-0. ..I've known this was coming and I made peace with the fact that I'll be attending any and all birthday celebrations as a Sober Sally...but I think somewhere in the back of my head I've been telling myself (almost in preparation) that it won't be as much fun. But that got me thinking about the "fun" nights out I've shared with my friends in the past. ..The reality is that once I take that first sip...I'm not having fun. Instead of enjoying the rest of the evening talking laughing dancing enjoying the rare quality time with my girlfriends I am preoccupied with trying to down my drink quickly to start my buzz but not TOO quickly where others notice. Once that first drink is in my hand I'm trying to discretely monitor how fast everyone else is drinking and struggle to keep their pace. I'm figuring out ways to go back to the bar to get another without anyone noticing. I'm calculating how much I can drink and when I have to stop so I can function the next day. I'm busy encouraging (AKA badgering) everyone else to drink more and faster so I don't feel like such a lush. I'm looking at my phone and noting the time worried the liquor store is going to close before we finish whatever we're doing. ..I could go on and on...but now that I can look back and be honest with myself about thinking like this when alcohol is in my system I can recognize that behavior is not normal and it certainly isn't fun.....
----------immediate responses--------

This has been me so many times. If I'm watching what I'm drinking I'm not having fun and if I'm having fun I'm not watching what I'm drinking. Happy soon to be birthday! 
&gt;The reality is that once I take that first sip...I'm not having fun...Yup same experience here. It was solely about the anticipation during my last drinking days - the drinking itself wasn't even fun. It was trying to chase something that was no longer there but once I realized that it made it much easier to turn my back on it...I celebrated my 30th just a couple months sober and it was amazing - I actually can remember it which is nice. Hope yours goes as well. I'm sure it will!
Yup. So much more fun without that stress. 
This was exactly me. I often left the party/night out early purely to go to the off licence before it closed (which in Ireland is 10pm!) Of course by then I would have had more than my fill while my friends were still on drink 1 or 2. So much missed out on.Thank you for writing this I'm going to save it for the next time a night out comes up to remind myself of all I've been missing out on.I will not drink with you tonight!
I look at it this way. I have 3 choices when faced with a social "event" .1. I can drink how I want and get shit-faced (which inevitably happens) and suffer physically and mentally the whole NEXT day because of so many obvious reasons. 2. I can moderate and suffer  DURING the night because of all the reasons mentioned above by AnnWNE42. 3. Not drink and suffer a bit BEFORE. I now choose 3 because the bit of anxiety beforehand is way better then having a bad night and a worse next day. Fun is subjective..Congrats on the 129 days! Thats' awesome and especially hard at your age. IWNDWYT!
Wow this really hits home. It's something that I do as well but I have never recognized it as such.
Oh yeah. "Hey guys I'm gonna run across the street to the gas station for some gum! Be right back!" And then I sneak to the liquor store down the street to hide a 750 in my purse and make up some excuse about the gas station guy and I got talking and that's why it took so long. Cuz sure I'll stay sober enough to drive home so y'all can't accuse me of being an alcoholic but you better bet I'm not risking the liquor store closing before I can leave and get shitfaced alone at home... geez. I've done way more shameful things too. Not worth it. Stay strong sister we got this!!! And happy birthday!!
For sure I feel the same way. Also not fun waking up the next day considerably poorer and wracked with shame.  It honestly took me about a year before I got to the point where I could go out and have more fun than I did when I was drinking - but so worth it. People honestly don't realise I'm sober (hmm...not sure what that says about me) and I get to wake up the next day with a clear head and a clean conscience.  
there was an old Howard Stern clip (late 90's?; can't find) where Jackie Martling was talking about this.  re: He was in the bar for the 1st time sober and was looking around at all the people. He was amazed at how long it took so many 'normal' people to finish their drinks. They were just talking and sipping as opposed to pounding down glass after glass like he would do.  He then realized that his was not 'normal' behavior and could not be continued.  .When you have that all-or-nothing drinking mentality life is not fun - everything is done for and lost to the bottle.  I will not drink with you today. .
I heard Richard Bronson say in an interview that at some point in his life he realized that drinking was just borrowing happiness from tomorrow. I think if you go out with your friends just try and focus on what it is you like about them and how happy you are to be with these people and have them in your life at all. You can have happiness today tomorrow and from here on out without ever borrowing from the future if you just step back and be appreciative of the moment.
Practice resetting your thoughts....imagine how great it will be to be the sober one (I always admired them from afar) you get to rock THAT! You can do it! 
I can totally relate. 100% (it's a new experience for me now learning about myself... La la la... But overall it works and I wish I'd done it years ago. Watching everyone else get buzzed is nice and later on in the evening when it's less nice for them it inspires me to not return to it. (I realize that sounds a little mean but I can't help it).
I too am turning 30 this year and I will not drink with you!
