-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fl6v4/500_days_eve_and_my_first_saturday_share/

I don't come around here much any more but on realizing that the eve of my first 500 days happens to be a Saturday I was inspired.  I will try not to write a novel....I chose my parents poorly.  They split up before I was able to remember and I only saw my dad very occasionally. The last time I saw him was on my 5th or 6th birthday.  He was an alcoholic and would remain so for the rest of his life.  He died homeless and drunk on the street without ever being in contact with me or my sister again.  My mother was also an alcoholic who quit drinking while I was young.  She replaced it with weed and spent my entire childhood high as a kite.  It turns out that she was self-medicating because she also had an undiagnosed bipolar disorder.  I'm going to skim the details but as you can imagine under these circumstances my childhood was not ideal.  I recently learned about ACE scores and mine was a 7.  ...I got drunk the first time I had a drink.  I was 13 and there were two forgotten bottles of wine in the fridge that someone had given my mom.  We had the day off school but she was working so I decided to put the entire bottle of white into a water bottle and go walking in the rain listening to music.  I went to a local playground and was having a grand old time drinking and swinging in the rain when my mom showed up.  Her punishment was to make me drink the entire second bottle of wine hoping I would have a hangover and never drink again.  Instead I puked passed out and woke up remembering finally feeling light and free for the first time in my life.  ...From that point on I continued to drink hard with no hangovers.  In one example I was drinking vodka and passed out smashed my face on a beer can and was unresponsive.  The people I was with slapped me stripped me down and put me under a cold shower but didn't call an ambulance because I was 16 and they were over 21.  I woke up the next morning feeling fine and thinking it was hilarious.    ...I dropped out of high school and moved out to San Francisco when I was 16.  I kept drinking.  Everyone I hung out with drank a lot.  I drank way too much way too many times.  I lost all of my friends and a much loved boyfriend.  I put myself in physical danger frequently.  I was constantly broke and overdrawn.  The first time I tried to quit drinking I was 20 and I went to a young person's AA meeting in Oakland only to be thoroughly creeped out by their open friendliness.  Sobriety lasted just under a year then I started with just one drink at a time and it quickly escalated.  I tried again several times to quit several times to cut down.  I tracked my drinks on a calendar I quit drinking hard alcohol I quit "until such and such" but I always ended up drunk again.  In this period I drove drunk frequently continued to put my self in other forms of physical danger and started experiencing hangovers and morning puking....In the meantime I actually did quite well with my life.  Got an A.A. a B.A. an M.A. married a wonderful man established a career that I love and am good at bought a house and had two wonderful kids.  I was a daily drinker but my attempts to quit had got me down to an average of a bottle of wine a night sometimes less but often more.  ...I had no trouble quitting when I was pregnant both times and would always start back with one or two drinks at a time and consider myself a nice civilized drinker now.  Both times it escalated quickly.  I liked to convince myself that I wasn't putting my kids at risk because I would wait until they were asleep but of course I was.  I have too many shameful memories from that time to write here....I was drinking less than I had been been before kids but what that meant was most nights a week I would have 3 drinks or so then every 10-14 days I would unexpectedly get extremely drunk.  I puked a lot.  I puked on our brand new bed.  I puked on my husband at a concert I'd taken him to for his birthday.  I puked in the sink in the morning brushing my teeth.  I puked in the shower.  I puked down the side of cars and in the bath tub.  ...I would wake up in the middle of the night feeling an unbearable weight of shame and dread and I felt like that shame and dread was no more than I deserved.  I was convinced that no matter what I accomplished on the outside I was a deeply horrible human being who deserved to feel this way and was just waiting for the rest of the world to realize the steaming pile of garbage that was at my core.  I felt that I was marking time until I really fucked up and ruined my life and the lives of my kids and would finally be punished in the way that I deserved....About a year and a half ago I went to therapy because I was experiencing extreme anxiety.  A few months after I began therapy I got unexpectedly wasted again on a family vacation and put myself in danger by walking down the side of a highway drunk in a bikini to buy more booze instead of cooking my family dinner.  That was the last time I drank 500 days ago.  ...I'm not sure exactly why that became the last straw.  It was far from the worst thing I did while drunk but I think that the work I had started in therapy helped me begin to see that I didn't deserve to feel that shame and dread and bitter recrimination any longer.  ...My therapist helped me to see that the drinking was a way of handling the anxiety created by my childhood and a way for me to create a sense of (false) peace that I have never had while also punishing myself for existing.  I found this forum my first day of sobriety and joined Reddit specifically to get a badge.  I checked it several times a day.  I also went to AA meetings pretty frequently in the first 6-9 months but never got a sponsor or worked a program.  I am emphatically not a joiner and never will be and that's okay.  I still go to a meeting when I'm feeling restless irritable and discontent and I read the Big Book pretty frequently.  I go to therapy and yoga every week.  I have lost exactly three pounds but I also literally eat whatever I want whenever I want now so I'm okay with that.  I no longer wake up in the middle of the night suffocating under the weight of my own shame.  I haven't puked once.  My marriage is happier than it's ever been.  I'm a better mom and a better teacher.  Life is just plain better.  ...It's so cheesy and sounds insignificant but the big gift I've gotten from sobriety is that I am okay.  I'm an okay person my life is okay and although there will inevitably be hardship that's okay too.  At this point not drinking no longer feels like a struggle but I know that if I ever was deluded enough to think I could have "just one" I would find myself back in the depths of shame and self-loathing.  I am grateful that I never have to drink again.  That I never have to feel that way again.  I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing; the part where you mentioned that just one drink a.k.a. being a "civilized drinker" always spiraled back into drinking every day helped me to read...You also reminded me of what it was like to wake up with that weight of shame and dread. I am so grateful that is gone. ..Super huge congrats on 500 days. You inspire me!...
I love it when people put in the effort of writing down their histories - the context is always really helpful in looking for similarities and I'm certainly familiar with the crushing weight of shame and dread! Similar realisation in therapy to you - that alcohol was always first and foremost a coping strategy for childhood anxiety and trauma. Just wonderful to read your share and well done on the day count. Really proud of you for getting to grips with the why - it sounds odd to write that to a complete stranger several thousand miles away but I am. Well done!
A very similar story to mine. I started drinking at about 13 and the thrill and rush was amazing. I felt liberated i was able to talk to anyone.  I also started smoking weed at 13 luckily I gave this up at 16 but alcohol stuck with me.  Drinking heavily from such a young age  means that I will never be able to have a healthy relationship with alcohol. I started blacking out a lot in my late teens and by the time was late 20's I drank to extremes blackout benders lasting 2-3 days.  I would check my receipts to know where i had been.   I would get calls and msgs from people saying they never wanted to see me again.  Apparently my behaviour was appalling but I rarely remembered any of it. I've been trying to quit since I was about 30 and the last couple of years i've had some really promising sober spells. This is the longest I've been without a drink in 25 years.  Like you I quit after  fairly benign drinking session.  There have been plenty of lows where I should have quit arrests mugged lost every possession bar fights beaten up many many times hurt loved ones lost 3 mobile phones in a month lost every jacket I've ever owed kidnapped had a gun pulled on me woken up semi naked on a building site with no money  the list just goes on and on...I've been killing myself slowly for years. Alcohol breaks you physically but worse it takes your respect and brutalises your mental health.  I'm in a good place now and I pray i can put in 500 + plus days like you.  Well done you are an inspiration.  It is great to hear stories that in part ring very true to mine and even better when someone overcomes their problems.  You are an inspiration thank you for positing.   I also never want to drink again.  I will not drink with you today. 
Thank you for sharing. 
Thank you for sharing. Congratulations on your half K!   
You are inspiring Valerie. Thank you for sharing your story. And big congratulations on a well deserved and amazing milestone xo
And your post which so deeply resonated with me is why I love this SD community so much.    Hugs to you. Thank you so much for this post which is what I needed very much to hear right at this exact moment.  I am also learning that I am enough. I am okay.
Congratulations on 500 days!
Thank you for this. This is all too familiar. I needed to read this today. 
Now you're at 501! Can you explain the ACE score?
