-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7fnirf/need_some_encouragement/

I messed up last night and got drunk. You know the old story thought I could handle one and next thing I know I'm puking and blacked out...I'm trying hard not to beat myself up. I'm not going to lay in bed and cry like I usually do. But I'm feeling extremely guilty. Any words of encouragement would be so appreciated. Also advice on how to handle relapse would be awesome. Love to you all
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here...The relapse can be a useful touchstone.  Or not..."Fall down seven Get up eight" .....  Japanese Proverb..I go to meetings and share my experience.  It helps me and usually helps someone else!
Talking to myself as I would a friend was helpful. I'm glad that you came right back to us!..I will not drink with you today!
Glad you are back. ..Who do we fall so we can get back up again. -American Proverb ..Use it as a learning moment. Why did you drink? What can you do differently next time? 
&gt; thought I could handle one..So happy you're back and thanks for doing it fast too!
Hi doodle - you slipped. Now you are back (great job getting back here so quickly btw). Looking forward I'm sure you will be better able to recognize signs when you are leaning towards a slip and head it off at the pass.  Learn from it forgvive yourself and move on.  You got this!!..I won't drink with you today xo
Thank you all very much. I am so grateful to have such a supportive group of individuals in my life. I will not drink with you today!
Hey I'm here with you. Drank last night. I'm deciding to spend some time in bed right now reading SD. I'm very very anxious and disappointed with my choice. I tried to be gentle with myself but the anxiety is cruddy so the best I can do right now is just try to mindfully accept how I feel and not try to change it. Truth is I might be more anxious about BEING anxious than anxious itself. ..We're both back here. Today might be a bit lame and moody. But I will not drink with you today. Or tomorrow. ..You can do it! ...
Hey well it sounds like you came back with some sage advice for us newer non drinkers. The fact you came back so quickly is proof you can hop back on track! We share your struggle and you're not alone 
