-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7g3ti8/how_do_i_come_out_to_my_friends_and_family/

I drank on Friday after 39 days sober my longest ever streak. I drank all weekend and at work yesterday. I got away with it I think but this is a new low I never thought I'd reach. In order to succeed this time I think I need to be completely open with my parents and close friends but I will just collapse into a mess of tears and shame if I talk about it in person or on the phone. Does anyone have any advice? .I need to stay sober. Everytime I relapse (3 weekends in the past 4 months approx) something worse seems to happen. Alcohol is slowly ruining my relationships with everyone in my life. Please help. I have never been to AA but have just booked an appt with my doctor.
----------immediate responses--------

Own it. I usually tell people "I retired from drinking." Your close family and friends probably already know you struggle with booze and will be nothing but supportive and proud. Plus once they know you will be more accountable and less likely to drink. You don't have to give them a big speech. AA is an amazing resource. Going to your first meeting might cause a lot of anxiety at first but you will be met with people who are kind helpful and know *exactly* what you are going through. AA meetings are a great place to let it all out.    .I used to tend bar and drank secretly behind the bar for every shift (it is illegal in my state). I tried quitting over and over and over for years. I only managed to quit for good when I completely embraced the fact that alcohol simply *could not be a part of my life whatsoever* and moderation was an illusion. If I could do it so can you.
I get support at meetings...I get to practice in a safe space saying "I don't drink"...I don't tell my friends and family *unless it is necessary for some reason* .  (Hint - other than my wife it's NEVER been necessary)...What I say doesn't matter much.  What I *Do* is more important...I always remember:  "I should share the joy of my unimpaired life with everyone I come into contact with.  I should use words only as a last resort."
Telling someone whether it's family friend or AA - means you might have someone to be sober with on the weekend.  I find that going to my meeting on Saturday mornings and being with my sober friends really helps me throughout the weekend.  When I was still working an AA meeting on Friday night was also good! I will not drink with you today - or this weekend!
I  just didn't drink and when someone noticed I  just told them I  don't drink anymore.  Overwhelming support ensued.  If they ask why I  give them the short version.  Something along the lines of  I'm trying to live a more healthy lifestyle and take care of myself my friends and my family.  Life is too short to spend it shitfaced. 
Yes own it! I was terrified at first to be sober in a social situation but I was really surprised at how many people didn't notice or care. If people did offer me a drink a simple "no thanks I'm good" was usually all it took. Telling former drinking buddies was a mixed bag but most people understood and admired the decision. ..When family or close friends offer drinks kind of forcibly they can usually be fended off by saying "no thanks I'm actually on my 530th sober day!" This way they are likely to encourage your sober streak and will likely ask you follow up questions in a new light...Best of luck to you!
May I ask why you haven't tried AA? If you *really* want to stop drinking it does work. I first went to AA thinking I would learn to 'control' my drinking but soon found out that doesn't work. I wasted the next 13 years because "I don't need that God stuff" and "I can do this by myself". But I couldn't and when I finally went back 13 years later I was ready to quit and it was relatively easy. ..This is my advice on AA: 1) don't worry about the God stuff. As AA itself suggests use your group as your "Higher Power" if you're uncomfortable with spirituality; 2) Work the program - find a sponsor and do the steps. You will be amazed at what you learn about yourself and how quickly you can change from (in my case) being a selfish egotistical prick to a much less (but still!) selfish egotistical prick. (Many people do much better than I did.)..AA will provide you with the fellowship of people *who have been exactly where you are* unlike your family and friends. At my first meetings when I tried to share I could barely get the words out because of my shame and tears just as you feel. But because they had all been there there was nothing but support and genuine concern. Unlike the best-intentioned doctors friends family etc. AA folk truly understand what you are going through. I hope you give it a try! ..And whether you do or don't try AA I will not drink with you today!
I'm going through the same thing. But I don't owe anyone an explanation about why I'm not drinking and neither do you. However if I choose to explain myself I'll probably say something along the lines of  I just don't want to   or  I'm making a lifestyle change. ..I don't know the right thing to say or do. Or if there is a right thing. I've admitted my problem to myself and that's where I am right now. Others will come later when I'm ready. But for now I'm just not going to drink and to hell with what anyone thinks about it!
