-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7g6rnt/a_realization_that_shook_me/

I have been working with a therapist to try to discover the root cause of my anger an emotion that lead me to drink it away (stuff it down) for 15 years. Initially I told her "there's big...blanks. I'm not sure how I felt for years. Some years have months of "blanks". All I feel is anger. But I don't know why." ..I am following some hunches and leads on my own and have been reading some illuminating materials and yesterday a news article about Roy Moore that had a link to a former fundamentalist home schooled Christian blogger lead me to a major foundation shaking revelation. ..I was raised in a hard core fundamentalist community. This has deeply affected my life in many ways but one of the ways I just started realizing is the horrible affects it had on my sexuality and my self esteem as it relates to my body. ..As a girl tween and early teen I was taught over and over that: ..Women are objects and have no agency ..Women's virginity is a precious gift and must be protected by both herself and her immediate male family members ..Women can be "consumed" like an inanimate object and once they are consumed they are no longer desirable in fact.....A non-virgin non-married girl/tween/teen is undesirable to the point of disgust..Rape of any kind is pretty much "pre-marital intercourse" so don't bother reporting it; you've sinned..Sexual thoughts and feelings are wrong dirty and sinful..Women don't have natural sexual desires only "Jezebels" do; women "submit" to sex to have children as a favor to men..Women's bodies and sexuality are inherently dangerous to heterosexual men ..Men's sexuality is something uncontrollable and dangerous to women ...I could go on and on about the painful sexist gross throwback beliefs that were taught to me and that I was hurt by. ..This blog had an article in it called "Women's Bodies as contaminates" (it talks about the belief that if a younger male child see a partially clothed or provocatively clothed female body he "can't unsee it" and it twists his "natural" sexuality) and when I saw that title it was like being stabbed with an electrified icicle right in the heart...Everything came together for me. ..My promiscuity and sexual acting out that caused so many reproductive and health and mental issues my drinking my struggle to love my physical body my hair-trigger anger around anything to do with my body. ..It's because I was told over and over "Your female body is a contaminate." ..So who cares if I poison it? ..Who cares if I subject it to painful humiliating sex with people I don't love or even care about? ..Who cares if I barely take it to the doctor or only go when it's screaming at me in pain?..Who cares if I barely feed it or overfeed it? ..Who cares if I treat it with respect and listen to it when it's telling me to stop? ..It's a garbage dump anyway right?..When I "lost" my virginity to coercive sex that was legally statutory rape I'm a useless undesirable "soiled" object anyway right? Might as well just go wild and have sex with older men men I barely knew and so on. ..Writing this brings tears of anger to my eyes but it's also a huge huge relief. ..The anger that caused me to treat my body with so much disdain and hatred is finally explained. ..The root cause is exposed and now the healing can begin. ..For those that have had similar experiences I am so so sorry and I believe you. And you're not crazy. You're an innocent victim of a horrible culture. And you CAN escape get better and live a normal life. ..I believe that. 
----------immediate responses--------

Powerful. I keep wondering why it is okay for men to put their hands mouths and penises where ever they desire and the. Shame the victim. Now with the political party in power normalizing this idea what chance do we have. ..Like you for years I felt it was my fault. That I was liked only for what someone has the right to take without asking. ..Through an abusive marriage all being my fault. ..The joy of being in recovery with a program where I know lots of strong women is that I can let go of it and attempt to rewrite the personal truths (lies) that I have told myself.  ..I am 67 if you are younger hurray!!! You have truths in you repertoire that will allow you a greater freedom in your future. 
thank you so much for this. i love this and i strongly identify. recently i was at something so innocent as a game night with friends. someone i know but only socially was drunk and casually touching my back. he most likely did not think it was a big deal and it may not seem like it but would you touch another man like that? why do you assume that i want your hands on my body at all?..probably didn't help he was a drunk male but those are my issues not his...I AM SO ANGRY but i will not be drinking that anger with you. not today. 
I'm glad you're on a healing path!
So many of our stories of abuse are similar. The years of pain and anger we squashed with booze. Wow. .I admire your hard work. I am not there yet. But today is another sober day and I celebrate and support you..
Wow this was really humbling to read. I am so happy for you that u able to now make that connection to find the root of your anger. You're beautiful and worthy and u always were. I wish you all the very best on what is going to be a long painful but rewarding healing journey. Thanks for sharing and giving us all permission to look at our own lives our programming and seeking to Know ourselves better. I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for sharing this. That is quite the revelation! As painful as it is to bring up these emotions I've found that it was imperative to confront them if I wanted to move forward and heal. ..You are amazing and deserve to be treated with love and respect... especially from yourself. It's tough out there stay strong. I will not drink with you today. 
Wow thank you for writing it all out. Very very powerful stuff. 
Way to go! you are on the path of your own self discovery. I wish you well on finding your own self path. Don't let the assholes get you down you are awesome..
Thank you for writing this. Thank you for putting words to an unknowable feeling. And thank you for sharing. ..I wish you the best. 
From the heart. Iwndwyt
Wow so amazing.  Thank you for sharing.  That sounds so hard and painful.
