-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7g9pa9/almost_2_weeks_sober_learning_more_about_myself/

I stopped drinking almost two weeks ago. I have tried for years to quit even for a few days and I always found a reason to cave - "i'll just have a few drinks"(which turns into 10) "it's a special occasion" "i'll quit after the holidays". I always told myself that I didn't have an issue and that I wasnt a REAL alcoholic. I wasn't drinking a handle of vodka every day starting in the morning. I just like to have fun. I like to indulge. But really once i started I couldn't stop. All that reasoning kept me in this cycle. I tried to will those thoughts away. Looking back it severely affected my life my relationships and my job but I always reasoned my way out of it. My BF and I had been fighting constantly for the last 2 years usually when alcohol was involved. But the next day we would apologize and move on. Finally in therapy i admitted to myself that I had a problem. That i was miserable. and that I was terrified to my core that this cycle would never end and I would only ever stop if i ended up in the hospital. So many times I thought I might die and even had contemplated suicide. ..The last 10 days have been some of the best I can remember. I'm waking up with energy every morning excited about the day. not ridden with guilt and shame. I'm happy proud of my achievement and more present. I was nervous at first about hanging out with friends but I've found that sober me is actually very fun quick and witty. I used to think I always needed alcohol to be social and extraverted. I'm reaching out to old friends doing things that are healthy (eating right and exercising - things I never did when I would be hungover). And best of all the two people in my life who are closest to me (my mom and BF) are so proud of me. I don't think I've seen them so proud of anything else I've done :) ..Everyday is still a struggle but I FINALLY have trust and faith that I can do this. Finding this sub when I'm feeling down or having a craving has been a huge support so I wanted to share my story. ..Thanks for listening guys! 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing and congrats on 2 weeks!
Thanks for sharing. You are inspiring. 
Happy happy joy joy and just like that YOU inspired me ... I am only 5 days in and want to feel that exhilaration of 2 weeks. Baby steps   
Ha! Yes so true.. grapefruit seltzer and tea here  
And I was thinking the same thing today I must've been walking around severely dehydrated because I don't remember consuming this magnitude of fluids Ever ....well unless it had alcohol content LOL
