-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gh6oy/crash_please_excuse_this_big_fat_selfindulgent/

After a spectacularly upbeat one-year sober-versary I have hit the ground with a huge bump...And I think I would like to share it with you just in case you think it's all smooth sailing after a certain period of time...It was not a relapse but the last 48 hours has been a massive and rapid slide into a horrible depression and last night I was seriously contemplating giving in and getting trashed. I'm tired I'm gloomy I can't stop crying and I feel like I've lost any sense of being grounded or in control...There's a whole bunch of factors I can attach to this.  I've been looking toward that one year mark for a few weeks and for me things like that are always followed by a sense of emptiness.  ..Also my husband is away for work and while  the rational side of me knows he is super busy and focused on his job it hurts that he forgot this important milestone...And when I found the strength and courage to reach out to a friend for support they dodged me. Not their fault I know and the act of asking for support doesn't mean I will always get it but it hurt anyway. ..There's a few other things that I won't go into but it's all piled up and hit me like a wave sweeping my feet out from under me and leaving me overwhelmed and unable to find solid ground...Fortunately I had my therapist appointment today (walked in five minutes late and tried to apologise but just burst into tears) and I've got a GP appointment tomorrow so I might review my medication too...Anyway I know I'll get through this I know drinking won't make anything better and I'm proud of myself for opening up recognising that I'm not okay and talking about it...But it sucks and I'm tired of things sucking.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh I'm so sorry that you are having a hard time!  I think today is still very worthy of a huge congratulations. I have those same kinds of feelings at times.  Expecting a lot out of something and afterward feeling kind of meh.  I hope you wake up tomorrow feeling better.
Hey Cookie!  Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!!
One year! ! That's amazing. I know it means more coming from those close to you but hopefully the SD family can make up for that a bit. I for one am very proud of you and hope to have numbers like that one day. IWNDWYT. 
Aw man congrats on one year!!! Holy crap that's amazing!!! I can definitely relate to the crash after the big build up though. But still kinda sad your husband is so busy he missed it. Hopefully if you let him know that that made you sad he will make it up to you double. And we definitely get it!! So AMAZING WORK!!! Hope your doctors appt goes well tomorrow &lt;3
I'm proud of you!!!! Have a chocolate bar or a lovely steak treat yourself for your accomplishment just not with a drink! It's ok to be sad to just know you've made an amazing stride a full year!!! 
A year wow! I hope u can eventually appreciate it for the amazing accomplishment it is! When the dust settles which it will. SD has been my greatest support! Like minded peeps and whatnot Congratulations! 
Isn't it funny when milestones (of any type) are so important yet in many ways just like any other day? It's weird and can be a huge letdown. Holidays and birthdays and stuff like that has always been bittersweet for me - they leave me and then I feel a bit...empty. Like...that's it?! ;)..That said I am super proud of you! I remember reading your posts when I first joined this sub and you motivated me. So I thank you for that. ..When waves knock me down I do just as you are doing. I tread water until the wave recedes. And it sucks sometimes. But I know that I'm on TEAM COOKIETROUSERS!!! GO COOKIE GO!!! &lt;3
