-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gjdmq/i_just_need_to_make_a_post_to_get_some_support/

I've been relapsing pretty hard on alcohol lately and just need some positive vibes if you will.
----------immediate responses--------

I relapsed pretty hard this month in a few awful ways. Tonight I have my sobriety journal and sparkling water and I will spend the night trying to keep others from going back to the bottle. I am not giving up on a some sober living and I know you're here so you don't want to give up. We have a good nights sleep ahead of us.
You're here which is a good sign. This is the best place to be especially after relapse. I like to just look around on here to read the motivational stories and people hitting milestones. It encourages me. Go easy on yourself and stick around here. 
I find making a plan and setting up a routine helps tremendously. My plan includes healthy eating running and working out. I read and post on SD every day. The daily check-ins are a must. I take it to heart and I do my best to not drink for one day. I also read a lot of books on the subject. Naked Mind is a very good read. Wish you the best. It is hard but it is doable! Not drinking with you tonight!
You can get through this night. I believe in you. IWNDWYT
The important thing is you're back. You've got this. 
We're here for you...One cool thing I picked up from this sub is the concept of "play the tape forward."..That is take a second to imagine all the things that will happen if you take that first drink. Imagine all of the consequences at the end of the night/day/drinking/binge and what everything will look/feel/be like...Do those things seem good? Promising? Happy? Or when you play the tape forward will you feel regret/sorrow/disappointment?..It helps to focus on not the immediate gratification of the drinking itself but to focus on the long term effects and consequences of a quick and sometimes selfish action...Everyone makes mistakes the important thing is learning from them...I believe in you. You are in control of whether you drink or not and I believe you know what the right thing to do is...I will not drink with you today.
As long as you're still here you are a warrior in my book. We all suffer in many different ways but must continue on and trust in the mystery of life as it unfolds.  I love that quote by Winston Churchill  When you're going through hell keep going  
Hey. We've all been there things can and do change if you want it...One thing I would say depending on how big you feel the influence is around you may want to at least start thinking about planning to move to somewhere more suitable to a sober life. I was surrounded by alcoholics unemployed and was constantly under the influence to drink and their behaviour depressed me further; I moved to a quieter village where it's much more healthy mentally and I'm not surrounded by others with alcohol problems which contributed to keeping me in the cycle.
Nothing changes if nothing changes. I needed to change my approach for my sobriety to stick. For me it was doing it for myself first and then daily affirmation that I would not drink. (My own version of the "baby steps" post that can be found on this sub.) (Mobile now so can't do the link). Sending you internet support. 
You can do this &lt;3 .
