-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gousf/nearing_300_days_but_struggling/

Hi all!..Usually when I want to post here I start writing my post and then decide that I'm rambling too much or that my post makes no sense or whatever. But not this time I am going to go through with it this time :)..So basically I am nearing 300 days. Three hundred! Looking at that number I can't really believe it because it feels like yesterday that I made the decision not to drink anymore! Unfortunately though I've been having a really hard time lately. I had the hope (or the illusion) that quitting drinking would fix everything that is wrong in my life. Turns out it didn't. And it's making me very frustrated to the point that my addict brain is telling me to "just go back to your old ways". The reasoning is that in the end it doesn't matter anyway and that when I am drunk at least I don't feel or care about it...Until now I've been able to fight the urge but there have been times that I was terrifyingly close to falling off the wagon. Does any one of you recognize this? If yes how to cope?..Thanks.
----------immediate responses--------

I absolutely recognize this - I have definitely felt exactly like you described in your post. To cope I come to this site play the tape forward attend AA meetings and talk with my sponsor. I have learned that this is a life long process. It will be hard the tough times will come but so will the joy and happiness. Overall I don't think alcohol will solve ANY of my problems. So I keep coming keep reading keep talking and keep learning. I wish you peace on your journey. I will not drink with you today.
I hit bottom after a year sober. I was in really bad shape mentally... because I just stopped drinking. I didn't learn how to live sober yet. And at 1 year 10 months sober I'm still not always good at living sober...I could have gone back to drinking at one year that's where I was heading. I finally went to AA. Kind of strange to be there after a year sober. It's there that I began to learn to live sober...I'm happier sober and I know that even a little tiny sip of alcohol will bring me back to where I was...You could also check to get a therapist. Combining that with AA was like giving wings to my sobriety.
Quitting drinking maybe didn't fix everything in your life yet but did it make it any worse? ..You keep it up. 300 is huge. Work on getting to 301 then 302. Unfortunately I don't have any real advice only encouragement for what it's worth. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm sorry you are struggling. Kudos for 291 days! ..I was dumbfounded to learn there is much more to recovery than simply not drinking.  A therapist gave me guidance as I learned about myself. AA meetings put me in touch with people who understood. Working the 12 steps with a sponsor gave me insight and I learned sober living skills. .I also saw a psychiatrist who diagnosed depression and ADHD...Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system.
A few pieces of advice: ..Analyze if counting each day is helping or hindering your progress. If it is hindering your progress avoid counting and every time your mind tries to think of the days stop thinking about it immediately and think of something different. Just accept your life as being a sober one. Although  if you feel like counting helps carry on. Methods of recovery are unique for everyone...Also you obviously know quitting drinking does not solve all your problems but it does allow you the capability to resolve them. So make a list of issues you're having (such as boredom loneliness etc) and make a set out plan to combat it. Utilizing a schedule may also help! ..
Congrats on almost 300! Be proud! It is pretty normal to hit a slump around this time period. Quitting drinking hasn't solved my problems either but it has certainly made them more manageable. I have been reading a great booklet called *Living Sober* that describes exactly what you're experiencing. Once we've been into an extended period of recovery we have a tendency to look back and romanticize about alcohol and the early days of drinking when it was pleasant and fun. Instead we should try to "remember our last drunk." This basically means try to remember how shitty things were up until the point you quit. My life isn't peaches and cream now but is sure as hell better than it was. I would never want to go back to that place.
Yep I relate 1000% to that. Yesterday night I slept badly had anxiety for hours in the middle of the night and woke up feeling out of it. Then I had a bad day. I was lazy unmotivated scared of some unknown thing. Those times though MUCH more rare now remind me that not drinking isn't necessarily a panacea. ..Now today I'm even better. Went running this morning thinking more clearly stayed calm while basically getting yelled at at work. And tomorrow I'm getting a check up at the doctor and I haven't been in 5 years and I can't wait to be honest about how much poison I'm (not) drinking. ..I try to remind myself that shitty days come and go but every day I don't drink no matter what else happens I get just a little bit better. And I know it's an oft used phrase but I say it all the time to myself: there's nothing so bad that alcohol can't make it worse. Congrats and much respect on your journey so far!
You are subconsciously thinking you are fine now and your sub has forgot the misery alcohol brings to you people around you. I see it like this: There is not one of the shitty situations I may find myself in today sober that alcohol will fix it will only make thing worse.. Stay strong you can deal with anything better sober... IWNDWYTD!
I was feeling down in the dumps not too long ago and posted about it. U/Cyrsavera left me a comment with some lovely advice which made me feel very hopeful. Here it is:.."Sometimes when chaos recedes it feels flat. But it's only as flat as any ground before the planting before seeds come up and bear fruit. You can grow anything you choose. Emptiness is the unchalked slate..The word abstinence always reminds me of absence and that's not what this is. This is the temporary airlessness before color spills in. Daydream a little about what beauty you'd like to grow--no limits. Imagine if you felt wondrous and possible and were doing work that nourished your soul--where are you? What do the surroundings look like? Is there a little cafe table on cobblestones where you have your coffee? Is it where you write in your journal before walking the beach? How did you get there? Plant that seed. &lt;3"..Let's daydream a little and see what happens.
Such crystal clear wisdom here. Everyone making so much sense.
Yes. You're not alone!..Logically you have to understand that as bad as it seems alcohol will only make it worse. And not let the lizard/foolish part of your brain convince you otherwise. ..Remember- this is freedom from something bad...poison. Not deprivation from something that is actually good. Takes a lot less willpower to resist something that sucks. 
Yep this is where I am at too. It can be upsetting to feel like the real work hasn't even begun! But we should be proud of how far we have already come! (even if clearly we are not where we want to be just yet) I understand feeling discouraged but I'm still not drinking with you!     
