-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gst7v/relapsed_for_a_week/

I was at day 55 and literally everything was going perfectly. I'd lost 30 lbs. was feeling truly happy and like a responsible adult. The day before thanksgiving we had a Friendsgiving and I'd made it most of the night with zero alcohol. Once all the food was cooked and everyone was seated I made myself a drink because  I earned it .... since then I've gotten drunk every day and drank myself to sleep last night. I'm so done with this shit. I'm so done with feeling like garbage every morning. I'm so done with self sabotage. I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Get a fresh badge and let's do this! :) I had few nasty stumbles myself. There's only one way up from here.
Welcome back. I hear you... I went 53 days. I thought I earned it too by 'celebrating' my new job. Well... that was at the end of October. I've struggled back and forth with resets. I know we are both strong and are fed up. I won't drink with you today! 
Good to see you came back been there done that. I won't drink with you tonight. Onward to a sober morning!
Thanks for coming back. And thanks for sharing your story. 
You're back so nothing is lost but a virtual number stored on a database. I was similar I did 45 days then crashed. I think after a period of sobriety like yours when you crash you quickly realise that it's no fun going back to feeling like shit. I think we're actually starting to become addicted to feeling good and fresh and sober or is that just me?
the satan (my disease) lurks around waitin waitin till we are most fragile (occasions/friends/fridays/camps/long drive) and right then like twilight there's that moment a fraction of a second to make decision (pour it in or RUN away)... and it will be back....fwiw my first 6 or so months had zero celebration of any kind (no birthdays nothing) or zero influence by sadness (death or life's failure).. till i had enough days for my mind to learn emotional maturity &amp; how not to kneel.. good luck.
I feel ya.  Thanks for sharing. 
You went and did research! You got some results! Just remember exactly how you feel and hold onto it. Remind yourself next time that sneaky Voice of Addiction tries to trick you.
