-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gue8j/we_dont_need_to_drink/

Wednesday was my two weeks sober i was flying high. Last night was almost my relapse. I got it in my head I needed a few drinks after a long day. I had work I brought home with me and thought I could just have a few. We all know that's not true. After 30 mins of debate I went for a walk with my dog and listened to a podcast. That's all I needed to come home have some coffee and do my work sober...I have a holiday party tonight but I will not be drinking with you!
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful NDV!
Yay! Nice job!
Thank you for the post; the same thing was going through my mind last night. I took a hot shower then had of all things potato chips and orange juice and I was over it. Another day another decision another lesson! NOT drinking with you today!!!
Great job! I'm eating my way through cravings and it seems to be working. Yesterday I made a coffee cake...and then ate the entire thing myself tiny slice by tiny slice. I decided to give myself a break even tho I fear gaining weight. I'm going to get to the gym today even if it's just to stretch. I won't drink with you today. I can't promise I won't eat another cake...
One day we're all good the next we are hit with obstacles. Well done on staying the path !  
Amazing! Keep fighting - that's some strong will you have there. Something to be proud of. And I bet you felt like a champion after beating that urge - like the opposite of a hangover :) 
Way to go!!!! I will not be drinking with you today! Have fun at the party!!
Awesome! The first month was very hard for me and I tended to eat my cravings as well. Ten days in I had a wedding and it was horrible/lonely but I "faked it until I made it" through...It was around the second month I started running 3 miles on nights I had severe thoughts of drinking and it worked great! Dog walking and podcast listening sounds like a great tool. Keep it up. 
Congrats on 2 weeks. That's a great accomplishment! IWNDWYT!
grats man
Been there. More than anything having work to do after a long stressful day is my biggest trigger. But like you I've found if I distract myself with a walk or more likely some kettle chips and a giant Diet Coke I get over it and gone on with it. Well done!
I had a craving last night too. I went bowling. I mean who goes bowling without some beer right! Not to mention my date got plowed... ended up having to drive their car home and helping them while they puked. Got a text about how their head is hurting this morning while though having less sleep than I wanted I am not hungover. Yesterday was 40 days. F*ck the zero!!! IWNDWYT
Excellent 
I used to "need" to unwind from a stressful day with booze would end up throwing away the rest of my day and probably the next while "taking the edge off". Last week I had the urge but instead sat in the couch for a bit watched a cooking show and just rested. An hour later I was recharged and ready to go! I was stupidly amazed. I will not drink with you today!
Walks and podcasts are amazing!! good job!
AWESOME. I'm allowing myself to buy any kind of drink I want EXCEPT alcohol. I don't really drink soda or sugary junk but the entire cold drink endcap is ALLOWED. As long as I don't drink. Made a deal with myself. So many new choices! Hang in there!
Excellent advice for all. Try and change up the moment. Get supercharged with some physical exercise and mental stimulation (podcasts) and fight off a potential relapse. Congrats!
