-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7gw1nd/has_anyone_else_noticed_everyones_justifications/

Every week I walk to a neighbors house for a "puppy play date."  3 neighbors in my neighborhood have hyperactive puppies.  Every Thursday we all sit on the back porch and drink bottles of wine or beer or Whiskey.  ..This week I drank flavored water. My neighbors noticed this and asked me why I wasn't drinking.  My response: "Alcohol is making me fat and I'm trying to avoid gaining weight over the holidays." (I don't really want to share my struggle with alcohol with them)...At this point all of my neighbors started justifying their drinking: .."Well you know if you only drink 1 glass of wine it's good for your heart.".."I plan on giving up for January.".."I'm starting Whole 30 after New Years."..It's just so funny that when heavy drinkers are presented with someone who isn't drinking their first instinct is to justify why they are drinking or when they plan on "stopping."
----------immediate responses--------

So true. It's like thw blinders are off for me now. Keep up the good work and I will not drink with you today 
Right there with you.  I have been open with a few of my close drinking buddies that I am choosing a path of sobriety because of my struggles with alcohol.  I started going into these conversations nervously because I thought it would lead to a spotlight being cast upon my life.  Instead it just turns into a weird conversation about their justification for drinking and asking me  so even in five years you won't have a beer at (whatever event)?   The future thinking and the justifications kept me running back to the drink so I guess it makes sense.
LOL yes sometimes it sounds like people hold their thesis defence presentation...
Right now at this time the only thing keeping me from drinking is weight loss. I've completely lost the grasp of how destructive alcohol is and am fighting cravings despite feeling better than ever...Thing is; I'd rather have a six-pack then drink a six-pack.
I use fat as an excuse too. 
