-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h3ia5/in_a_hotel_room_for_3_months_just_finished_week_1/

Sorry guys this is going to be pretty rambly. Just a lot going on in my head that I haven't gotten out...It feels like I'm addicted to isolation. I know I'm an introvert and there's nothing wrong with that. I've taken it to another level for a long time though. ..I had the best of intentions for this past week. It was the first week of three months in a new town. My company has put me up in a hotel that they own so I can take on a temporary (possibly may be permanent) role in IT. It's a huge opportunity for me considering I've only been with the company for a year as a restaurant server. I feel humbled and grateful...This was going to be the start of a new chapter for me. I'd finally be on my own away from the depressing apartment with the boyfriend that I've grown farther apart from. It IS really nice to have all this freedom and to no longer be forced to choose between cleaning up after him or living in filth. ..But it's also been hard to drag myself out of the room when I'm not working. I went to one meeting in the week I've been here and while I certainly felt welcome and there was a lot I heard that I relate to I really didn't enjoy it. I felt like I couldn't share about what I was going through after hearing what these other women were dealing with. My situation is really good right now thankfully. I felt like they'd all just roll their eyes at my "struggles." Similarly I worry that this post may bother some of you because I don't realize how good I have it or something...I don't know. A lot of the time it feels like I'm so close to a mental breakdown. Like I'm going to just shatter and let it all out and tell someone how it really feels all the time. I haven't been as suicidal this past week though so that's a big step forward. But then other times I feel like it's all so silly of me. Life is fine. Everything is fine. I don't have anything to complain about...I don't know what the point of this is. I just needed to reach out to someone anyone. I feel so alone out here. I don't know anyone. And when I do try to get out there and meet people I feel like they wouldn't want to know me. I hate who I've become and I want so badly sometimes to just drown it all in something. All I can get my hands on is alcohol so that's become my thing for years now. But I can't anymore I keep having to remind myself of all the consequences. There have been so so many through the years but nothing stopped me. But now I just really can't my body can't take it. The last time I drank was on Thanksgiving all I had was 3 beers. And I used to be a heavy vodka drinker not long ago. So 3 beers not much at all right? I'll leave out the details.. suffice to say my body was not back to normal until yesterday. A week for me to recover from 3 beers... that tells me it's over for me. ..I guess it's not accurate to say that I don't know anybody here. I'm now only 30 minutes away from my parents. I haven't talked to them in almost a year. It's hard for me to see them there's just a lot of really bad history there. But I know I should and I guess I will at some point. It's the holidays after all and they won't live forever. But that's just another huge source of anxiety and dread...And it was incorrect to say I don't know anyone I DO know people near here it's just.. I burned all my bridges a long time ago. It really sucks coming back close to your hometown when you don't have anyone to come back to. It's a constant stark reminder of all the ways I've failed every friend I've ever had. And it makes me not even want to try again to make new friends. It all feels so damn hopeless. I'm just crying and rambling I'm really sorry...If you read any of this thank you so much. It's been helpful to get it out there. I've made it a week so far a week at my new job a week in a new town and over a week not drinking. I keep wanting to type I will not drink with you today. But I don't want to lie about that. Despite all the reasons not to I keep thinking I just might. What else could I possibly do with all the time I have to myself this weekend?..I'm gonna read some more of This Naked Mind. I will not drink with you for the next hour. Yes I'm taking today an hour at a time. I know I can hold off for that long and after reading some I'm sure the urge will subside...Thank you so much for being here.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh honey. I feel you. I am on day 6 by the grace of God..Reading long hot baths ice cream fresh air reading sd.Posting on sd.are all little things ... But they are working to remind me.. I hope you have a beautiful weekend. I wont drink with you. Lets be free.
I don't have any wisdom for you except that you're not alone feeling like this.  I often catch myself thinking "what's the fucking point" and wishing it would all end.  ..My cousin committed suicide around this time last year and it ruined several family members.  They have not been able to cope.  I could not be responsible for that pain.  I matter to someone. You do too.   
Reread your post again as if a stranger wrote this. .How would you feel? Have compassion for yourself. You are not hopeless. Writing this means you have a glimmer of hope. Reaching out means you think there may be something to hang on to. Try and go to another meeting. People go there to share their feelings without judgement. Everyone is on their own journey that is filled with different experiences and feelings not to be discounted. Maybe consider seeing your parents. I am a parent of 4 children. It would be awful not speaking to my child for almost a year no matter what the circumstances were. Hang in there. Just focus on today. There are plenty of things to do besides drinking. If anything just keep reading SD. It has gotten me through some tough times. I will not be drinking with you today.
When I saw the title of this thread thought "Whoa that puts my binges to shame!"..It's been difficult for me too. As a natural introvert taking away drink has been a real eye opener. Have been forcing myself out of comfort zones trying to socialize more with mixed results. Been single for a long time and asking someone out feels terrifying. What if I get rejected? Lots of what ifs!..On the other hand look at the positives of life without drinking. The ability to think straight- to see paths that weren't there while under the clouds of booze. It's tough but then again we are looking through a different lens now. 
This brought tears to my eyes because I felt as if I could've written it. Hang in there! SD is here for you the cravings will pass and you will come out the other side that much stronger. I believe in you!  
What I would advise you to do is just get out and explore.  Even if you think it's something or someplace you wouldn't find that appealing.  If you don't like your current situation change it!  What's the worst that could happen compared to how you feel now?
