-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7h9853/i_will_not_drink_with_you_all_today_day_4/

Made it through day 3 huge fight with spouse who yelled at me "You might as well drink". Woke today with massive headache like a bad hangover and I didnt drink. This is hard to do. I want out of my head it hurts so bad. But this site helps me to read to see all these people like me struggling and supporting and hanging in there. I will not drink with you all today. I feel your pain and your peace. Thank you very much. 
----------immediate responses--------

In the very beginning your emotions can be erratic.  That's your brain setting out to rebalance itself.  It will pass.   (The bad emotions not your brain ha.)..Stay strong!  When you feel "antsy" it helps a lot to simply go outside for a walk (bring a few tunes!) or a little exercise.   ..IWNDWYT
I feel like I'm responding to myself. I had a bad fight w my husband around day 4....from all the crying and staying up late to talk through it I def gave myself a headache/dehydration for the next morning. Face swollen all of it. Do not go back to the chemical! This is a sign of healing!! ..My emotions were finally being felt and I couldn't bite my tongue at something silly he said. I read into it wrong. ..Love em. We got through it and on the other side of the emotions becoming stable is affection something I totally lost and numbed out. ..Saying  you might as well go back to drinking    ouch but I understand! He was like - to me- at least you were happy and care free after ur wine ....well he apologized. We say some crazy sharp things in the heat of an argument. ..Keep healing! We are all here for you!!!!!! 
This is huge!! Strong work--day 4 is often really hard for some reason so just hang on. Are you drinking enough water? Your body's still evacuating lots of crap and water helps keep things moving on out instead of sludging up. I think water even helps sludgy emotions flush faster although I might be making that up. ;-) I'm really sorry about the fight but really impressed that you just kept going no matter what. &lt;3
Remember "To thine own self be true" and be sure to stay hydrated.  I like Sweet Tea Fruit Juice Gatorade.  Best wishes. 
Stay strong. We're glad your here. IWNDWYT!
