-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hcec4/i_gave_my_parents_a_copy_of_this_naked_mind_to/

To make a long story short my brother has been struggling much worse than me with alcohol.  It's gotten to the point that it is harshly affecting his family life and has become obvious to everyone around him...By comparison my family doesn't really know I've had issues with it as I live far away and have not hit the same level he is at (but vowed to get it under control before I'm in the same boat)...I'm not close with my brother for various reasons so I sent my mom a copy of This Naked Mind to try and share with him as it's been helpful for me and she's been very worried about him.  Well to my surprise although he hasn't read the book my parents decided to give it a read to see what it was about.  Although neither of them have more than a few drinks a week they've now both completely quit as they said the book made them realize how much the cons outweighed the pros of a few drinks...Just figured I'd share for anyone who hasn't given the book a shot as I found it interesting it was even able to be effective with two people who had no intention of completely quitting before reading it.
----------immediate responses--------

This Naked Mind was a game changer for me.  I've been thinking of sharing it too.
Still haven't read it but get mail from the author . I can't wait to read it ! I'll probably be a book pusher too . I'm like that . Good job !  
I'm in an office we're everyone keeps bourbon or some other poison at their desk. It's a drinking environment to say the least. ..A few months ago I read the book I passed it to one coworker. Then she read it and passed it to another. So far there are 4 of us who have read it and quit drinking. One guy is even planning to give copies for xmas gifts. ..Here's to changing the office environment one reading at a time!
I love how self work creates ripples that effect our loved ones our environment and other lives we may not realize! What an amazing support system you have in your parents! 
This Naked Mind by Annie Grace has been extremely helpful through my recovery. For those of you that haven't read it I uploaded a link for the book (pdf):..https://ufile.io/wz6te..Feel free to share the pdf with other r/stopdrinking members!.
