-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hesfd/are_you_moving_closer_to_or_farther_away_from_the/

I am in early days in an experiment with moderation. This began a week ago and it is still too early for me to determine if it works for me. That said it's been a successful week! I was able to enjoy a glass of wine with my SO one night (and didn't even finish it!) had a beer with dinner with family another. I had a company outing Saturday and didn't drink at all. Instead I made some new acquaintances and could drive home free of any embarrassment. I approached the weeknights with the intention of not drinking on my own and it's actually gone pretty well. I was a bit nervous going in to the week wondering if I would struggle with a desire to drink but found I didn't really have any problems. I found it a bit difficult to sleep but I suppose that's to be expected when you've built up a dependency. Overall I feel positive and accomplished. I like sober me and I want to continue to foster that. On the spectrum of boring drunk to my ideal self I feel noticeably closer to the person I want to be. I'm only seven days in to this experiment so I know the potential to slip back into old habits is definitely there. I'm still not exercising and that is next on my goal list. Waking up without a hangover means that I can start work on my morning routine though. So this is my mantra this week: ..Does this action move you closer to or farther from the person you want to be?..I know the vast majority of people posting here are trying to quit or have quit and I'm not yet sure if that's me. Regardless I appreciated the support from my last post on moderation! I intend to keep going with this and will write up my experience next weekend. For today though I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

Preface - AA content follows but something can be learned regardless of feelings toward AA. ..For me this is what step 10 is all about.  Continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong promptly admitted it.  ..I'm not an AA person but step 10 was a big takeaway for me from my time in the rooms. No matter how far along I think I am I need to always be doing step 10 to keep myself in check. If not I increasingly run the risk of moving away from the person I want to be. .
I'm glad to not drink with you tonight! When I drink that first drink ....it opens a portal .....and I'm gone ...it used to be a week bender but as the disease has progressed in me ...my benders go for months. Thousands of dollars I can't afford to lose gone! It's creates the loser cycle for me...gambling strip clubs driving drunk. Horrific. But I'm glad you can moderate. There are different types of drunks. I don't relate to the black out drunks...most nights I know how to get fucked without barfing but it happens and I barf like it's nothing. It affects everyone differently. 
I look forward to hearing more about your experience. And I'm copying your mantra for this week. 
1000000% closer to the person I want to be. When I was drinking I was always trying to become the person I've found in sobriety. 
