-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7hn1rl/nothing_like_the_feeling_of_waking_up_embarrassed/

I never want to feel this way again! I never want to have to wake up and sit in the memories that slowly flood in of the stupid things I said/did the night before. I can't control/trust myself to make proper decisions when I'm drinking. I spend money I don't have on food I shouldn't eat. I am overly-confident in social situations and don't realize how strong I'm coming off. I make impulsive decisions with regrettable long-term consequences. ....Last night I: drove while drunk bought stupidly overpriced drinks at a bar hung out with some shady people forgot where I parked my car and spent a good ten minutes searching until a kind stranger helped me find it... I called and woke up my best friend at 3AM. I tried to booty call an old crush and left an obviously inebriated voicemail. He still hasn't replied which draws out the embarrassment. I ordered enough food from Denny's to feed three people and didn't even eat most of it.....Other regrettable things I've done because of alcohol (I need to remind myself and I know typing this will be hard): Driven countless times almost got a DUI but managed to talk my way out of it threatened suicide while blacked out to a friend and then had to spend a few days inpatient fucked up my last romantic relationship by letting my insecurities turn into anger and aggression bit a friend and drew blood flunked out of classes thanks to uncontrolled day-drinking been drunk around others when not appropriate kissed strangers made out with someone else's bf sent rambling and regretful texts to so many friends trying to patch things up overshared on social media ruined my reputation and on and on and on... ...I cannot have a healthy relationship with this substance. I cannot keep doing this to myself depriving myself of a better life. I'm lucky I've made it this far without seriously injuring myself or others. I don't want anymore reasons to invite self-loathing. I want to be proud work hard and accomplish my goals...I know what I have to do to get there and it starts with Day One. I'm going to be more active on this sub. If you read all of this thank you...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there thanks for sharing. I just want to let you know that I believe in you and that you can do this. I am very early on in my sobriety and I know exactlyyyyy how you are feeling right now. Been there many times. Always remember that this too shall pass and I commend you for logging on here today and sharing your story. I wish you all the best and I promise things will get better. It really helps to surround yourself with positive support. Take it all one day at a time.   I will not drink with you today. 
I'm glad you are with us and are starting again. You are right that is one of the worst feelings in the world. I know it well-had my own dance with the devil recently. ..
You can do this. I will not drink with you as well.
I could have written this post myself. I am right there with you. Part of getting sober is coming to terms with all of the embarrassing and downright dangerous shit I did while drunk. I couldn't control my drinking. I would drink to make something happen and sure enough something would happen but it would be something I would regret. Last time I drank I totaled my car. I should be dead or in jail but I am not. I at least owe it to myself and those who care about me/about their own loved ones to put the booze down and reflect on how much it actually harms me. You've got this. I'm on day 4 and I can feel myself starting to come alive again! We are not the sum of our past mistakes. I will not drink with you tonight. 
I relate to what you are saying! I would have severe anxiety and depression due to drinking! Mortified of what ppl told me what I did drunk while I was blacked out. Most of thr serious problems I have had in life stem from booze. Thank you for sharing and coming on here really helps! 
I've had several day ones. This is the furthest I've gotten in years. Take it one day at a time. And this sub gives me so much hope and courage. I believe in you and I will not drink with you today.
2 years before I got sober I was having a particularly brutal morning after (this is saying something because Lord knows there were many.). A sober friend of mine said "This could be the last time you ever have to feel this way the last time you ever do this to yourself." and he offered to take me to an AA meeting.  I went thought it was okay and continued drinking.  Fast forward to now and I always remember that.  That choosing to get sober made those words that hope possible.  You don't ever have to feel this way again.  I will not drink with you today.  
thanks for posting this.  This is exactly how I feel.  I've done this exact same thing countless times before... a year ago I used to get extremely drunk at concerts nearly an hour away from my house with the intentions to find a ride or stay in the city but would end up getting into some crazy situation which would lead to me ultimately driving.  I would wake up realizing I'd driven and spent over 100 dollars on alcohol and food...I stopped doing all of this for about a year but last night I ended up getting drunk with a friend and we drove 3 mins up the road to a gas station and they denied me sale of more beer because I looked drunk.  My friend said I was swerving.  I woke up this morning completely mortified worrying about how possible it was that I would have gotten a DUI and would have lost my job lost all of my savings due to legal fees etc...I broke down crying at work at work this morning I considered going to a psychiatric hospital.  I can't forgive myself.  I keep thinking about the "what ifs"... what if I got pulled over what if I got in an accident?  The thing is... a year ago I would get blackout drunk and drive 60 miles home and the next day wouldn't be as ashamed as I am now... and I was only normally drunk and drove 3 minutes.  Maybe I'm holding myself to higher standards... I dont know.  I'm going to the doctor in two days to try outpatient detox...I wish you luck thanks for posting this this is exactly how I'm feeling and I can sleep better knowing I'm not the only one who is experiencing these exact feelings at this exact moment
Oh the morning-after cringefest! I remember it like it was yesterday. My only hope is that anyone who experienced my behavior has either forgotten about it or let it go since I am choosing to no longer repeat it. And in that regard I am choosing to let it go and forgive myself so I can continue moving forward. I wish you much success. Please hang around with us!
You can put all of the embarrassment behind you one day at a time. Each day gets better when you stop drinking...I can relate to a lot of what you've done. Forgetting where you left the car... one time it took me about an hour to find my car after an all night halloween party. My legs were sore and I was very disoriented. The only good thing is it sobered me up by the time I was driving. Another time on a New Years I was using my keys to try to get into what I thought was my car before I realized 30 minutes later that I didn't know what city I was in and my car is an hour's drive away. That was an expensive cab.
Thank you for your post and honesty. A reminder of all those  morning afters will keep me from drinking today. You can do this!
Hey we've all been there many times! I got sober for a year and relapsed twice in the last few months both times me seriously thinking it was just going to be a few nice glasses of wine with dinner! (as if!) both times ended in me wanting countless more drinks late into the night cigarettes (I don't smoke anymore) and just oblivion really... I woke up feeling so awful and upset that once again I was getting further away from my strong sober self.  .But the next morning in my haze I postedhad some amazing supportive comments from people on here and I started again.  If I could tell you what I've learnt its this I can't drink.  Not one with dinner not one to celebrate christmas not one with an old friend....its just me lying to myself again.  So start again and come here any time for support we all know what your going through! Were in this together :)
Time to strip alcohol of it's powers. It's Kryptonite to us. 
This was me for years.  You can do this and get back on track.  Someone in AA told me that yeah it is easy to wake up and say I wont drink today.  But it is more rewarding to go to bed and tell yourself that today you did not drink.  I will not drink with you today!
Welcome and good luck...IWNDWYT 
Wonderful honest post. Like others here I've been through a lot of the same things you mentioned. Let those cringe worthy memories power you forward. They'll sting less as time goes on. IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing your story. It's painfully familiar. You and I don't have to go through that ever again. IWNDWYT
Welcome and I wish you luck. I will not drink with you today. 
IWNDWYT !  This substance is the reason that I have almost zero friends. I'm a pretty laid back person sober but drunk I'm an asshole I feel like everything said is a slight at me and I have a mouth that will not stop. If alcohol is a test in life I completely fail it. Hope your day goes well. 
Oh god that's such a hard place to be. I have just finally started to forgive myself for all the cringeworthy things from when I first started (15 yoa) drinking till I stopped (35 yoa)- and even longer from emotional immaturity bad habits and self oblivion. I can say that the self recrimination is part of the problem (for me). As I learn to forgive myself for not understanding myself or the world I seem to open myself to that understanding. Forgiving does not mean forgetting. We are all just humans doing the best we know how. What I know now is that I can not drink today. Good luck and strong heart.
Right there withya.... I'm blackoutqueen 
I'm only 3 days sober and this is really my first time actually trying. But a lot of what you said hit home with me. I've made many of those same mistakes except I didn't talk my way out of my DUIs. But what I'm really trying to say is I relate to you and I'm going through it with you. And honestly I'm extremely scared of what I'll discover about myself but it beats being miserable and it beats being dead...Also want to say I love seeing all the support being shared. It's impressive and is helping myself to hear these stories.
I read all of it and was in the same boat 52 days ago. It's amazing what even that small amount of time will do to your mental health and well being. No more anxiety over drunk calls really clears your mind lol
Been there! The accumulation of my own stories like yours are the reason I've made the single most important decision of my life. You can decide to never have another night like that. You are strong your life can be everything you dream of. IWNDWYT! 
All the cringy things I did when drunk still causes be serious anxiety. So I can absolutely relate! ..I've come to the conclusion that the only thing that helps is time and being sober. As time passes the sting of those memories eases up as long as you don't drink...IWNDWYT
You got this. I believe in you. Our list of shames are very similar. It'll get easier over time :)
Congratulations on your freedom from feeling this way ever again! It's amazing how many of us have such similar stories. You can do this WE can do this.  I read posts and stories on here many times a day when I get an urge or craving and the successful stories are inspiring and the slipping stories are a reminder... an easier way to stay wary of our poison than the regret that inevitably comes from our alcohol fueled actions and words. 
Right there with you...I hate the hangover but would probably still be drinking if it were only the hangover. Instead it's all...this too. Which is infinitely worse. It's horrifying.
I second the post about one day at a time. Each day you don't drink it puts that behavior farther and farther away from you.  The most sincere way to show people in my opinion.  Also - read the book "This Naked Mind" by Annie Grace - it helps answer the questions about why we think we can't stop this cycle.  It was eye-opening for me.
Thank you for your honesty. Your morning after reminded me of mine and it was just what I needed to hear today to strengthen my resolve. You can do this friend! 
[removed]
This was a great post -- so honest and relatable..I've done so many embarrassing and regrettable things while drunk. It makes me feel pretty gross if I spend too much thinking about them so I usually just tell myself that as I continue to make good impressions and do good things I will chip away at that dumb drunken past. Happy to not drink with you today.
i also could have written this exact thing...keep coming around. it helps.
Also could have written this. This is not you. This is alcoholic you. You are better! One day at a time mi friend.
Thanks for sharing I've been there many many times and it's a feeling close to insanity. I will not drink with you today!
