-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7htumd/rehab_and_the_nonalcoholic/

My entire experience trying to get into rehab has been an eye opener.  I have been reaching out to my family and friends for help for the last 2+ years.  I finally reached out to my employer (sounds scary) to go to treatment tomorrow.  Through this begging for help for some time I have come to the conclusion that only alcoholics that want to change truly understand the struggle (my parents drink everyday).  This makes me doubt myself my sober intentions my overall understanding of the world.  I start treatment tomorrow at 2 PM.  I have no doubt it is the only way I can keep going.  My question to this community is if you think that non-alcoholics truly understand us?  Is this a thing that only medical professionals/us understand?  Are we the only ones that look at alcohol as a death sentence?  Why don't people take it more seriously?  What is the meaning of life (that was a joke)?..
----------immediate responses--------

I have decided that trying to get non-alcoholic to understand a drinking problem is like trying to teach a pig to dance -- you get all muddy and you just annoy the pig. I don't bother any more.
I've never been able to get through to a non-alcoholic.  I feel many health professionals also don't understand alcoholism either.  I believe it is part of the rep that alcoholics have gotten over time in our culture.  No will Power type stereotypes.  You can see the trend towards opiates shift to be more sympathetic to opioid users or even other hard drugs.  Just part of the culture unfortunately.  Nobody glorifies snorting a line of cocaine but they glorify downing 5 shots back to back without a chaser.  
I have had some luck explaining the dysfunctional thirst for more alcohol once I start drinking followed in subsequent days by a mental obsession to again drink...Some normies go all out when they drink They can imagine if they felt compelled/craved going all out every time they drink.  Others drink in moderation almost every day...I've seen the light bulb come on for some of them...oh..if you indulge your craving to drink every day once you start you will feel like going all out and obviously that creates problems so you avoid drinking alcohol in the first place.....I like what others have said...You don't owe anyone a 20 minute explanation so that they kinda get it...I will not drink with you tonight!
Don't judge a fish by it's inability to fly. Can a "normie" be supportive? Yes some absolutely can. Can they truly understand and therefore empathize with our situation? Not really I don't think so anyways.
That makes sense good point
