-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i72jd/what_to_do_with_an_extensive_liquor_supply/

After attempts at moderating alcohol and a gradual move over the last 7 years into what became unmanageable drinking I've decided that a long break is best and that this break will most likely end with a lifetime commitment to abstinence. .Problem - I came from a family with an alcoholic father who drank anything available in the house daily. Having alcohol around that I did not drink and was simply for entertaining always seemed sophisticated and counter to how I was raised and I wanted to be able to have that available. .I'm now in my mid 40's and until this disappointing development over the last 7 year period I had not struggled with alcoholism. I have amassed a large liquor bar/cabinet and liquor supply (I'm not much of a hard alcohol drinker I have bottles I've had since college or things I grabbed while traveling - Pisco from Peru etc). Now I see it in my home as wasted floor space and an homage to something that is ruining my father's life and contributed to my sister's recent death. I don't know what to do with it all. A part of me wants to box it up and store it somewhere but I ask myself why? Why not just dump it..And a part of me wants to leave it there and share it with others that visit (which seems foolish and asking for trouble). Yet I can't quite bear to give it all away. .(And I'm certainly not giving it to anyone in my fucking family :).Ideas?
----------immediate responses--------

If it is unopened can you give any away as gifts?  It sounds like you have an emotional connection to it.  I'd have to think about that a while.  I know that some people have romanticized feelings about alcohol.  For me if it had contributed to the death of a sister and the potential demise of myself I don't think I would want to associate with it.  Perhaps replace it with something new you have always wanted?  A bookcase?  A china cabinet?  A beautiful plant that purifies the air in your home?
[removed]
In simplest terms having it around will only lead to temptation.  It's best to get rid of it if you intend to become abstinent.   ..You are the one who has to decide though!
One of the main reasons I quit was because I was more and more concerned about what alcohol was doing to my liver and the rest of my body. There is no one in my life that I would want to transfer this potential damage to. Dump that poison down the drain!
Give the sealed ones as gifts at Christmas...pour the open ones down the drain...If you have any that are worth value and that you know you wouldn't drink simply because they are worth too much money (like certain vintages and whatnot) put those in storage (the right kind of storage obviously so the value is retained)...You don't have to do anything but I would caution you to be careful about the opportunity to keep this stash as a back-up just in case you get desperate. One of those "If it gets bad enough" options. Totally what I would do. Being a good host is not worth it IMO...Good luck!
Personally I can't keep any alcohol in my house. I like my home to be a completely safe place for me. If people come over with their own booze that's fine (hardly ever happens but if I throw a party once in a blue moon)... I have them take it back with them or I throw it out...Maybe getting rid of it could be a ritual -- a memorable goodbye to a part of your life that no longer serves your highest good?.
At my complex we have a two trash-guys in a big pickup truck that come and get trash from everyones door step 6 nights a week. I put out my nightly trash with a box of about 16 assorted beers and wrote a note saying "Trash guys I'm going no booze for 30 days. Instead of tossing it I figured I'd leave it out for you guys if you wanted it. Thanks for all you do and no hard feelings if you leave it here.".................. you can bet your ass they took it! 
Lord. I would dump it. I had a day like that; I dumped 20 bottles and 13 half bottles. It hurt but it had to happen. 
Thanks everyone these are all very helpful points. Sadly all the liquor  has been opened and some are really pricey (rare scotch and stuff) and then I had a wine cellar that I need to re-home; I can't throw that much out. I'll keep at it and try to figure something out to do all of that with for now it's been easy enough but I agree I don't like what it all represents and want to move on.
