-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7i76pf/that_little_voice_knowing_youre_going_to_relapse/

How many people (whether sub or consciously) have had that situation happen? Where you ended up drinking but it wasn't that split second the beer was in your face---the relapse started long before with that little voice?..What are your tools for RECOGNIZING these thoughts and combating them?
----------immediate responses--------

This is how my last relapse began in 2015. I had been sober almost 5 months and had gone to many events and even bars with my friends and been fine. I drank water drove and was set on not drinking. I was gonna go see a band at a bar one Thursday night . No big deal but for some reason decided about a week before that I was gonna drink that night. I don't know why but once I decided there was no changing my mind. I still went on all week without drinking until that night. I remember having that first sip. Then after that it was shots all night and then for the next three years. I am now back on day 13 but I have been drunk almost every single day since that night until now. If you are planning a relapse I highly urge you to do whatever you have to do to stay sober. I sure wish I had.
Yep. I just posted about it the other day...I am going to plan the living shit out of the week when I planned for it to happen. I will be on this sub like wildfire. I will have every evening hour planned down to the last moment. I recognized the thoughts because I thought "If I can get through Christmas I'll reward myself with a drink when I go away on my business trip."..That right there is bullshit. And I will not allow myself to blow up this boat. 
I was told this is called "grandiose or arrogant think"...(my internal evil alcoholic bitch brain) "Hey! You have been sober for 6 long months....a beer would taste SO GOOD with that steak you just ordered..." (and another year of daily drinking begins) or "What a really bad headache you have (I suffer from cluster headaches) a beer and/or a joint would SURE help you numb that pain..." (this is how I got back to drinking this last time...that ended up with me getting high ammonia levels and facing the damn justice system....if only I had ignored that evil voice of my addiction........in rehab I was told to make a very detailed relapse prevention plan.....
Good question...I recognize the voice. Mine is that martyr: "You poor thing...can't have no fun no more." So I recognize it but only have middling success in combating it. If I had to reference my few successful times I'd say that it's best to nip it quick. Once it gets a toehold...for me it's not been a great result.
Yep.  You will know.  I find I get kind a kind of delerium.  Now I know it's my actual brain firing up the old synapsis along the neural pathway that leads straight to booze..Neural plasticity is interesting..    I will not drink with you today!
very good question - someone wrote a post here a while back about a "well planned relapse" - for me those ideas (that voice) alone are a major red flag. i take it as i'm not doing enough of or the right kind of work on myself... i use those thoughts to steer me in a different direction and so far it's a technique that has been useful for me. you will find that your mind will tell you just about anything convince you of just about anything in order to get what it wants - alcohol. do you need it? of course not - is it going to change anything for you? don't think so... so what's the point then? becareful of your mind it's a power thing. it will plan out your relapse just to say "i told you so" and hey if that isn't a good enough excuse to keep drinking then i dunno what is. 
It all starts with self talk and negotiating with myself. I am getting better at recognizing when I am doing it but this right here is what gets me every single time. IWNDWYT 
For me it's date nights. I loved getting 2 bottles of nice wine heading to the beach at night and drinking talking making out and fucking. ..So the last date night about 6 weeks back I also happened to be in some stress at work and was feeling down. It was a Friday and by afternoon I had given up resisting started to 'plan' for wine later that night. ..I had fought this fight far too fucking long though. Cigarettes Alcohol Sex .. and so on. But since I go to AA now I knew what I had to do. I had to reach out. My sponsor was out of town but I reached out to as many people as I felt close to (about 5 people). ..All of them responded back. One even called me. ..Somehow in that act of reaching out and talking to fellow alcoholics the magic happened. My craving disappeared. ..That night my date and I went out. She had Ros  (ugh) and I had virgin mojito. She offered me a taste of her wine and I was able to say no. I knew that first sip would be the first of many...Recovery for me is work. I no longer believe that I can ever be victorious over my addiction. That's fool's gold for me. I have to reach out as soon as I feel my dark side taking over...I have to be working my recovery  constantly. At the moment I'm at step 4 of my 12 steps. ..I feel sad for all the brothers and sisters out there drowning in alcohol. I'm glad I'm sober today and have a much better peaceful life than ever before...I will not drink with you today.
