-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ibbcc/day_5_no_drinks_and_some_thoughts/

I travel for my job and I don't ever drink while I am traveling the problem is when I go home I am not heading home for a couple of weeks but I am really worried how easy is it is to fall. I don't want to go home and just have a 5 minute lapse of judgment and grab a beer and bam drunk all night doing crazy things going to the craziest of places waking up like wtf happened I hate that so much. I have tried before to make plans and preparations for when I go home and I do well to not drink. Like this last time I went home for like 15 days only drank 3 times. But that was 3 times to many. Seems I have no will power I am weak. 5 minutes and one beer was all it took. All my friends and every one I know drinks. I am truly afraid to go home. I really don't want to drink ever again. I don't understand why I am always trying to quit only to try and quit again. I don't want to be failure. I want to be able to just not care about not drinking like it just ain't a thing. Live like alcohol doesn't exist. The more I think about not drinking the more I want to drink it seems. I am new to this group I will continue to participate in this group. And I will keep preparing for success. I hope this group is the key to that success. Thank you for existing and to everyone that is struggling like I am I really hope you can beat the struggle. It's not easy. 
----------immediate responses--------

Willpower doesn't work for me. It is a finite resource lessened by tiredness and a million other factors Strategies and defensive tactics (hobbies dry people and places no booze in the house and a total change in routine) is what stops me..
To love like alcohol doesn't exist you need to live a life where alcohol doesn't exist. Clean out the house take a break from drinking friends/places start doing things that sober people do: workout read get plenty of sleep do self improvement stuff etc......Glad you are here. Writing it out can really help. ..I will not drink with you today. 
I understand.  I like to tell myself that it's easy.. all I have to do is *don't* put the booze in my mouth.  Simple!  I know there's a lot more to it but that's my 2c I used to travel for work also and I found it easier to stay away from booze the week I was home.  I would do other things to treat myself and there's always NA beer just to feel included.  I got your back hope to see you here daily!    iwndwyt!
Get a badge already and make yourself proud! It works!
