-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ic37x/i_feel_a_relapse_coming_on_im_worried/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
There are really only three outcomes. You can cancel your trip go and view it as a huge challenge to overcome and if you go and don't drink you will have done so under extremely hard circumstances such that other experiences thereafter will be easy in comparison or you could go and relapse. I assume you are going to go but if you do relapse try to contain the damage. Relapsing and having a few is much easier to recover from than a week long bender. So if u do go and drink do damage control and ask your travel companion for support. Regardless try to stay in touch with your support group as best you can. Being sober is hard as your whole life will present these challenges so here comes the first of many. Good luck. Pulling for you. Sponsors and support help but only you control if you pick up. But no matter what happens you always have this place to check in with if you get the urge .. 
I hope to hell you don't drink because you are on this website and have a sponsor for a reason but let me share my experience...When I was drinking I wanted to drink.  I used to tell a good counselor friend of mine the bullshit excuses I had when I came out to him that I'd drank again.  "My X is frustrating.... Y happened and I can't deal... Z was in town and we're old friends."  He would always listen until the very end and say "Buena.  Do you know why you drank?  Because you wanted to.  Cut the bullshit and cut the excuses.  You drank because you wanted to more than you wanted to not drink."  This is keeping it simple and it's the philosophy to which I live by today...That being said I was on the fence for so many damn years.  "Why do I keep drinking?  Why do I keep fucking up?"  Because I *want* to that's why.  External situations and people knew I couldn't partake in booze and I knew deep down I couldn't handle it either.  However I fought for years on the fence when I should've just said "you know what?  Jails institutions or death.  I've heard it and I know these are real options for me.  But I'm not ready to quit.  I am not truly sick and tired of being sick and tired."  August 31 2015 is when I was truly sick and tired of being sick and tired.  It happened for me.  For some it doesn't...This message may come off way wrong.  But if I were in your shoes with what I know now I would accept responsibility for my actions and either commit to drink or commit not to drink.  If I committed to drink I would go to Ireland and drink.  I would attempt it responsibly although I know that would end up with me getting shitfaced hopefully making it back to the hotel passing out with my clothes on urinating my jeans and the bed and throwing up in the bathroom sink.  If I committed to not drink and knew that this trip has not much else going for it then the opportunity to live up to a stereotype I would risk another human being pissed at me for some time and not going.  Or find AA meetings in the city and keep this website handy for touching in...I promise you that it will be a much more rewarding experience and you will feel incredibly strong if you go and do not drink.  But I am also saying *do not beat yourself up* if you go and end up drinking.  If you live through it you'll have another chance to sober up...Good luck friend....
I would drink NA beer and power through the urge for anything else... sorry if that's not popular but as a serial relapser myself that would be my sticking point I'd feel included yet not to any damaging extent.      trust your gut no matter what you know you best
Don't go man. You know How this is going to end up and you'll just beat your self up after. If he's your real friend he'll let it go.
