-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ijp8i/i_lost_my_mother_to_alcohol_i_took_the_habit_from/

Hi everyone. ..I have been here for a while but haven't posted. But I have congratulated some of you and offered some advice. And thank you for all your wonderful words of advice stories to relate and notes to remind myself of why I choose to be sober. I am 47 days free of marijuana. I am only 14 days without a drink. Thanksgiving. Before that... it was 35 days and I relapsed thanks to that voice inside.  I try to blame other causes but I wasn't strong enough that day. ..I have a history with substance abuse. Period. It has been an issue in my family's history. I always told myself I'd be better and stronger than their habits. ..It started when I was about 15 after my mother passed away. I'm 26 now. I don't want to continue to talk to myself about these things. I need to release. I've covered up these feelings for a decade and I'm ready to feel. ..My mom drank herself silly one night in May 2005. She had a fight with her then husband (divorced my father and remarried) and passed out on the couch. She vomited and suffocated herself because she was sleeping on her back. I got a call the following morning. I did not go to school for a few days. I did not go to her funeral. I couldn't. I regret it. Every day. ..It started with alcohol. My father was afraid of saying no. Or me going out at a young age and partying like my mom had. So he allowed me to drink a beer here and there at home. I closet drank a lot more though. Friends would buy me vodka and I'd get smashed at home. I still performed so well in school so no one knew there was an issue. So well I was a straight A honor student. School was never an issue. When I graduated I started using bath salts drinking daily used cocaine some nights I was in full party mode. I won't go into details but I put myself in terrible terrible situations I'm happy I survived. I am remembering so many things now that I am sober. I am disappointed with past me but I need to learn from my past and move on. ..I am currently on this sober journey with my wonderful fianc  who has given up the drink (he struggled with heavy drinking at the same age as me) as well as the marijuana. ..I look at both things the same way. Dangerous. ..I am a double whammy. I'm trying so hard but some days.... that voice. But my partner always snaps me back to reality...My question is has anyone had help with community or just talking to a therapist? I feel like I may need some more help. More people to talk to. My current friends still drink and smoke. They don't want to stop. It's hard to be around people who drink. There's a lot inside that I've bottled up and drowned with substance for so long...I will not drink with you today. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Hugs to you. 
[removed]
Congratulations on starting your sober journey!  I did individual therapy since alcohol wasn't my only problem.  I had a lot of personal things to deal with.  It worked well for me.  I know a lot of people on here benefit from community meetings such as AA.  I think many different things can work you need to find what fits for you.  My husband is sober with me and having a sober partner really helps!  Best of luck to you!  
Your story is my story. Hang tough. IWNDWYT 
I will be on the 47th day tomorrow as well...My problems were marijuana then alcohol. In my younger years my main addiction was marijuana then I slowed down on the weed and supplemented with alcohol and the "party life." I have achieved nothing since I graduated high school. It's been a long 7 year battle and I'm ready to turn over a new chapter...
I learned early on in my sobriety that there are therapists that specialize in addiction. I had a dual diagnosis: depression/anxiety and alcohol abuse. I participated in an intensive outpatient program (IOP) worked one-on-one with a therapist and saw a psychiatrist. ..It's really important that you have a connection with anyone you might see and that you are comfortable talking to them. I found that I would stick with someone even though I wasn't comfortable with the relationship but that resulted in me having a hard time opening up and being honest about my feelings and overall situation...completely counter-productive. I didn't want to start over with someone new so I just settled. Again counter-productive. The IOP program I ultimately participated in was staffed with the most amazing people. I thank them to this day and will never forget the guidance compassion and support they provided...Having outside support has been very helpful to me and that includes this sub. ..I commend you for seeking out addition support. Thank you for your post. Godspeed.
I'm commenting here because your story is similar to mine and I'm too afraid to make my own post. I know I need to quit drinking and reading through all these posts thinking  yep. Yep. Yep.  That's all me. I am just commenting my support in you and in myself because I think I'm ready to make a commitment and stop cold turkey. Yes it's almost 11 pm and I'm still hungover. I'm so thankful this group exists because my friends and husband are ALL heavy drinkers. This is going to be hard. 
