-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ilwrz/an_unusual_tactic/

I went to a staff party last night and the temptation to poison myself evaporated very quickly. It was really quite upsetting to watch everyone descend into a mess of slurred speech unfocused eyes and incoherence in general. I was initially having intelligent conversations but that soon became impossible. Many people did things that I'm sure they'll regret...If anyone is struggling with sobriety it may sound counter-intuitive but watch drunk people. Maybe on YouTube or something if you don't trust yourself at a bar. They look pathetic...This may sound like I'm suggesting sober people are superior than those who drink but I'm not. This is just a tactic for if you're ever tempted and urge surfing isn't doing the trick. It worked for me anyway; as soon as I saw it that first lad staggering around spilling his pint I thought; "I don't want to get like that..." 
----------immediate responses--------

We never have to behave like that ever again! That is a certainty! We are in control of ourselves and what does and does not go in our mouth! u/zoldyck-freecss are almost 2 WEEKS SOBER!
YES! Have you ever watched the show "Drunk History"? I used to watch it when I was drunk and would laugh along. Two days ago I put one on nervously thinking it would trigger me but I was curious. They looked so pathetic and gross. Stumbling mumbling slurring. I used to be like that in public speaking to strangers. Fucking nasty. Who wants that in their face?..Good work for resisting the poison! :D xox
Good idea! Looking from the outside in at the shenanigans is a great learning experience! 
Congratulations on two weeks! Well done on staying strong!
I have never in my 40 years drank at a bar or party on New Years.  I worked in the hospitality industry at a very young age well as soon as I was of age and the disaster that was Halloween and New Years has never left me.  Things escalate those nights I don't know why.  So do the office Xmas parties.  I couldn't agree with you more! .    iwndwyt! 
