-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7iolw2/1000_days_today_crazy/

March 14th 2015 i was a pretty miserable drunk that couldn't seem to latch on to any kind of sanity. Today I'm a pretty damn happy person even when life sucks that's capable of being of service to others. For anyone who's struggling there's a solution out there you just gotta do it. ..Also here's a little before/after. Same half smile different state of mind. ..https://imgur.com/a/9Jc28.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Let's have a celebratory drink!
That s awesome! Congratulations! The future s so bright... :-) 
Looking good man! Congrats on hitting quadruple digits let's not drink today!!!!!
Congrats on 1000! Huge!
Wow! What a change. Well done. 
Looking gooooood buddy! ;)
Very cool.
Dude you look incredible! Keep up the great work!   
Congratulations!!! Sobriety looks great on you!!!
this is really inspiring you look great just something about the 'after'  so calm....well done on your 1000!
You look fantastic.  Congratulations!
Congratulations!..Keep smiling. It'll make everyone wonder what you've been up to.
1000  what does that even feel like!? You look awesome! Huge congrats    
Awesome! You're an inspiration! 
Good for you buddy!!! ..Looking great !
Nice dude I've been to AA meetings and whatnot but honestly seeing people here and how far they've come is motivating. Looking forward to dropping some of this weight myself. Congrats man
Whoa!  Great job we are almost on the same day!..I hadn't looked at the number in a long time so I just did the math on a calendar and I'm at 990!  ..Going to have to do a little dance in 10 days lol
Way to go hitting quads man!
The kilosober looks great on you!
1K! Congratulations.   
Congrats!.
OMG! You are a total inspiration. Congrats!! I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations 
A grandy! You rock. That is a serious chunk of time. 
You look great! Congrats on your success!
So awesome (and sooo handsome lol)  Congrats on 1000 Days! That's really incredible! 
Serious transformation! Congrats!
That's a lovely 1000 days you have going on there     
Congratulations!
4 digit club.  Congrats!.
You look great!
Amazing!
And it shows. As within so without. So happy for u  ... thanks for the inspiration!
