-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7iqnbd/im_watching_my_dad_kill_himself/

Right now inside he's passed out in the same chair he has done so for god knows how many years...My eldest brother recently got married and my sister-in-law has moved in with us. He stopped doing this for roughly 3 weeks. But now he has started again even in front of her...Today my mum and middle brother had to have a chat with him because he decided to go to the pub get shit faced then come home and continue to drink 1/2 a bottle of JD...Despite the fact my girlfriend and (middle) brother's girlfriend were both present in the house AND the fact that he even asked him... 'dad please don't do this not in front of them' - he proceeded to struggle to open his bottle of JD in front of all 4 of us. They both have a history of destructive fathers. My girlfriend just received a letter that her dad has been sentenced after alcohol-related instances. He will never stop drinking for his family and isn't considerate enough to even acknowledge he's in the presence of people who have seen this vicious cycle before. (to be clear this occurred today)..So they had a chat my brother mum and dad... He admitted he has a problem but he will never change. He's too stubborn. He's a 48-year-old man brought up in an Indian family. Taking advice from his children would be too hard for him and it blows my mind I even have to type something like that (I am 22)...My dad has a problem...He hasn't had the easiest time growing up. Uber-strict parents suffered depression was nearly forced into a marriage he never wanted 6 sisters who have all stabbed him in the back and now have no contact with him. His entire side of the family is massive but we don't know over 5% of them because of generational fights...But on the other hand he has a victim complex and he will find ways to turn it onto other people and blame others for his habits. For example just now he blamed my mum for him drinking this weekend so he says he feels obliged to drink. Yet my mum will stop at 2 glasses of wine but my dad will go on until he can't move and we have to wake him up constantly to go to his bed...He hasn't turned abusive yet. But he does threaten us. We're by no means intimidated by his threats and won't hesitate to restrain him...The biggest issue is that every time he has tried to stop drinking he turns extremely aggressive to points where I have had to restrain him against a wall telling him to calm down... this was over me making a sandwich for lunch in the morning. How ludicrous... ..This is all coming out very muddled its not chronological and I honestly don't want to face reading this again. I don't want to. I hate typing this out about my dad. I'm slowly becoming emotionally void but what really hit the nail in the coffin was today. ..After everything after listening to my brother pour his heart out he sat inside with a coke after everyone had gone to bed. I came in to turn the lights off... I decided to take his coke out to the kitchen so he wouldn't spill it when he wakes up but then I realised it was mixed with JD...I took the bottle from the cupboard and poured it all down the drain. I'm sitting here contemplating what the consequences will be tomorrow. ..I don't know what to do I've given up. I always tried to see the good in him to forgive him when he fucks up drunk but I think he's all out of chances. Hes had a gastric bypass surgery he's diabetic he's nearly gone blind before and I honestly feel like his body is slowly shutting down. My cousin passed away due to similar issues at the age of 32 (alcoholism drugs gastric bypass) (note when I say gastric bypass I'm talking about how people don't change their lifestyles to adapt to their surgery)..He won't learn and these experiences won't teach him anything either..
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're going through this. This is a sub for people who are struggling with alcohol. The people at r/alanon or at an AlAnon meeting might be better able to give you the support you need. AlAnon is for people who love an alcoholic. Best of luck to you and your family.
Welcome...I'm sorry you're going through this. You may also find support at https://www.reddit.com/r/AlAnon/ as it's a sub dedicated to helping the loved ones of people with drink problems.
Sorry to hear that. It's a shitshow with the emotional abuse via "poor me you made me do this" etc. But access he's not violent. My dad didn't threaten he "did." Get out of there when you can then go see a therapist. You will need it trust me. You've been conditioned to babysit a selfish manipulative drunk. It will bleed over into other relationships without you realizing what's happened. Good luck.
I'm sorry you're going through this. I'm not sure from your post where you are located but it is extremely difficult in the US to commit someone to treatment if they are not willing to go. If they become a threat to themselves or others I believe the laws are more lenient. From personal experience I understand some of the frustration you're experiencing. 
