-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7itouc/back_to_day_1_not_sure_how_to_keep_the_momentum/

Yesterday was day 1 for me again. I  feel like I  relapse so easily. Any time there is  fun  to be had I  am there and I  am drunk. ..Friday night was my boyfriends company holiday party. I  was supposed to be the DD. I  did drive but I  was not sober. Luckily we made it home and no one was hurt but looking back on the night I  am so ashamed. ..All of me wishes I  could be like most other people. Have a drink or two and have I t be fun. Then not drink for days without craving until the next time they have one or two. I  have tried to be this person but it's always more than one or two. And it's never with sober days in between. ..I  am not sure how to get started on sobriety when I really Wish I  could just be a normal drinker. I  don't know how to make I t last for more than a few days. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are back and that is a good sign. On my first day this go at it I posted a note here that I could refer back to when I begin to waiver - https://redd.it/7i6e13. The note sounds general is some areas but is very specific to me and my decision that first day. I haven't referred back to it yet but I know it's there and just knowing that reminds me of my commitment. Also checking in here every morning has helped.
I don't know but I'm beginning to think that the "normal" drinker is a myth.  Thinking back most everyone I know either doesn't drink at all or drinks more than the "drink or two" that might be considered normal. I acknowledge that there might be some selection bias here where people I know have habits that mirror mine...Do you actually know anyone who is like the "most other people" you aspire to be? I'm sincerely curious because I've thought that I would want to be that person too.  But I have no role models for that in real life and certainly no role models for it in the media...
I wonder if when you are wishing you could drink like others can the momentum you're trying to capture is sort of half-divided into that wish leaving inadequate wind for the real goal. ..So you get a few days under your belt but you're subconsciously accumulating "proof" that maybe you can be like others. Using your sobriety momentum for the wish.  ..It's hard to get headway with wind divided half pushing you forward and half turning you back. The wish is incredibly strong and letting go of hopes can be really sad. But it will give you the whole wind at your back if you do. &lt;3
I had to fully accept I am not 'that person'. And never will be. I had to take a hard look at what it's really like to drink for me. And remind myself every day...I won't drink with you today! :)
Oh boy I can relate to this...Last night I Googled "how much do normal drinkers drink anyway".  ..The queue of statistics that popped up was unsatisfying. ..I took alcohol questionnaires and found out to no surprise that a normal night for me was/is usually  more than the weekly recommended maximum intake of 14 standard drinks.  :(  ..I'm considered a lightweight by peers so what is normal anyway??? I dunno. ..But its normal and healthy to question habits and actions that are destructive. ..I wont drink with you today! You're not alone.
