-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7iwsr6/need_help_feel_broken_and_close_to_relapse/

This weekend my husband and I went on a group skiing trip with some of his friends. He told me it wasn't going to be a drinking weekend and promised we would avoid it if they did drink. ..They were drinking the entire weekend and my husband kept pressuring me to join and just drink alcohol free beer. Literally the only point at apres ski bar was for people to get shitfaced. I cried on Friday and begged him not to go. He was embarrassed but relented. ..On Saturday we went and it smelled like smoke and people were taking shots and the music was so loud we couldn't talk. He forced me to stay and eventually this anger turned to euphoria and I decided I'm going to drink and have fun too. I was done trying. ...Trigger warning: ..I tried to order drinks but he wouldn't let me and we left. I feel like my mind now is broken. He's crying and apologizing but all I want to do is drink myself to death. What is happening? I've been sober for so long but after that bar I can't stop thinking about drinking myself to death. I'm so exhausted. ..I was fine with the beer he kept in the house. I was fine but not thrilled about going to social events with drinking with him every week. My cup is running over and I have broken now and I am just done. I begged him not to bring me to these bars two nights in a row. ..How could he do this? Do I need to leave him? I'm in a different country and don't speak the language. Can't go to AA. How do I stay sober? Please help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I would suggest jumping on the IRC chat if you can for some real-time support. It sounds like you were put in a terrible situation - you handled it very well and now need a little support and understanding. We all know what that overwhelming panic is like and you did very very well indeed.  
Yes there are people here for you who really speak your language!  I hope you've found someone already      I'm really feeling your pain right now my dear Lady 
Friend! I second the IRC chat suggestion but what can you do *right now* just *for you? Can you put on some music and get in the bath?..Fuck. What a mess. You will get through this. Pull back into your shell a little. Put your oxygen mask on first.
That is a difficult situation and I'm sorry you had to go through it. When I am angry or going trough other negative emotions I like to relax myself and try to get to the bottom of what exactly made me feel that way. I hope you can resolve this without drinking. I pledge to not drink with you today. 
I'm so sorry you're having to deal with that. Can't imagine what it must be like to have your partner push that on you. If you need to get away get away. I know that sounds hard but sobriety has to come first above all else.  Whatever you put first over sobriety will be the second thing you lose.  And you can always go to an AA meeting even if you don't speak the language. Being around other recovering alcoholics has never not made me feel better...Good luck! Stay strong! This is temporary and you can get through it.
Awful situation to be in. Hope you found the chat. Big hug. I'm not drinking with you! Xxx
You stay sober by taking care of yourself tonight. Chat here. Figure out the IRC. Get yourself some space...&gt; How could he do this? Do I need to leave him?..These aren't your immediate concerns. **YOU** are the immediate concern.
Could you have left at any point before it became so stressful?  I go places with my wife mow where the general theme usually is other people drinking but I told her if it begins to stress me out I need to be able to leave with it not being a big deal.  She supports me in that.  Look out for you first.
That was close.  I wouldn't put myself in that position again.  Small doses of being around alcohol and drinking is all I can take before leaving no more than 45 minutes.  ..At least you now know what's at stake. 
Go ski hard. Go to bed and set your alarm for the crack of dawn. You want first tracks on the mountain. Tell everyone you want to get after it early.  While they are holding their heads you will be getting the best runs of the day and probably the best runs of the trip. If you still want to drink tomorrow. Go for it. But drinking right now won't solve anything. 
Is there a sauna there? I know for me I love getting massages and taking care of myself instead of drinking when I get my boundaries pushed. Granted I'm only on day 2 but I have been sober for years before and that's what I use to do. I got put in a similar situation on a ski trip in Utah last year and almost left after day one. Looking back I wish I would have because the week got progressively worse. I did take a day and go shopping by myself and also skipped apres ski but still drank in the evenings. After that trip I vowed never to go on a group ski trip again. I'm sorry you are going through it but sounds like you are taking the right steps. 
Try and stay in the NOW. You didn't drink because you didn't want to. That's a plus. Take a deep breath and try and slow down. You don't have to figure everything out today. We're with you. Much Love your Way.
I've had great success with the prescription drug naltrexone. Look into the Sinclair method. It has taken time but I finally no longer desire alcohol. I'm not  fighting an intense desire the desire is just plain gone.
Learn from this situation avoid it next time. Sobriety is more important then anything. So much bad comes from drinking. People drink and get filled with demons. Why doesn't your husband stop drinking with you? You guys are in it together maybe he could support you and give up the drink as well. Some people don't realize they are alcoholic as well. Alcohol is just the worst. 
That's really fucked up of your husband. I can understand why you'd feel upset. If it were me I'd try to get some time by myself and think about what I need to do. Whether that's to take a day by myself go to meetings or leave the trip altogether I don't know. Unfortunately drinking doesn't do what we want it to. It just makes everything so much worse.
If it was me I would go in search of a place to workout.
I hope you're doing okay. Force yourself to do some self care. Long hot shower or bath nice lotion good skincare maybe a good cup of tea or coffee? You can slowly replace the instinct to destroy yourself when you're in emotional distress to nurturing and taking care of yourself over time. It's hard to stay the course but I know it's worth it. We're all here for you. 
Go to an AA meeting even if you can't understand the language. Just try it
Your husband's actions were disrespectful. The fact he pressured you to be where you didn't want to be where you at best would be really bored speaks of a lack of care for your opinion I find really upsetting to read. I second the suggestion of the irc chat and maybe if you have the possibility and feel safe being by yourself maybe take a day off and center on yourself your thoughts and feelings. You're going to be okay. You're strong! IWNDWYT friend.
I'm so sorry you were put in that position. As for just leaving I know that things can be very much complicated by being in a foreign country and having a language barrier. I moved abroad with my foreign husband and have had issues with not having as much autonomy as before. Also socially things are a challenge even when people are speaking your language. It's really a huge extra challenge many people don't understand. I'm wishing you all the best and internet hugs.
First off -- wow! Thanks for sharing this! You're a rock star!! Massive grit and determination. It may not feel like it to you right now but trust me you're a role model (at least for me!)..Second -- it sure looks like you came to the right place to get the support you need. So even MORE good decisions being made by you. Right on!!!!
This is one of my greatest fears. My wife still drinks but not often but when she does it is with other people. She doesnt get drunk often but if she starts to get tipsy she will want me to join in too. I dont have a slolution for you but I can completely understand how difficult this situation was for you...Hang in there do something nice for yourself. Or better yet make your husband do something nice for you he owes you.
