-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j0adv/the_days_add_up/

So I've got 16 days this time around but before my last relapse I had 42 days and before that I had 18 days and earlier this year I had 38 days at one point. I recently was thinking about all these mini streaks and realized that altogether they add up to 114. And I didn't drink every single day outside of those streaks. There were at least one or two times when I got a solid week in plenty of single days off or 2-3 day streaks of no drinking. When I realized that this meant I have spent over one third of 2017 not drinking I was kind of shocked. Like I don't think that's ever happened before in the last 13 years of my life. So even though it wasn't all in one consistent streak I'm without a doubt in better shape now than I was a year ago. Last night I was watching TV with my housemate and struggling to keep my eyes open on the couch and reflected briefly on how it now feels *normal* to go to bed sober. It's actually weird for me to remember that it used to feel *abnormal* to go to bed sober...I won't lie I still miss the times and I still romanticize. I still hurt from loneliness and tons of other stuff that this has all dredged up. But that was a cool realization.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate. 2017 has been the year I nearly quit. I also had my worst binges and lows but total days alcohol free is probably the best in a decade. I'm on day 7 and I'm in no doubt this is the time. Even with Christmas parties around the corner I just lucked on an odd time to quit but I don't care. It needs to be when it needs to be. There's always some drinking event looming in the diary anyway every time of year
Oh yes and last night too I could not keep my eyes open watching TV at 10.30pm and went to be tired like a normal person and not knocked out. Slept through straight to 6.30am and woke feeling great. I even got straight up to clear the ice and snow for my partner to get out to work. Love it. 
I was just thinking . I've had a year full of relapses too . Longest stretch 6 months  that was my best . Anyway I'm thinking ... relapses( kinda like learning a sport for example ) are fuel used to make us even more determined to get it right  to be winners . I know I was so down on myself when I relapsed but when J decided to try again I seem to come out of the gate running ! Right now I'm working on staying on my best game and trying not to feel that awful agony of defeat ! Well maybe left field analogy but I'm hitting home runs everyday I stay sober . 
