-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j18tt/day_44_having_trouble/

Hey everyone ..Posted once before at 30 but the last 2 weeks progressively turned to hell. I thought I was over the hump. I thought from then on it would just be simply turning down drinks. My cravings were gone. Then I was Alone. I gradually lost a lot of people who I cared quite a bit about. . . Now I am here sitting alone with nothing to distract myself. No one to put my attention towards. Just the long nights alone...I chose this for my health. I stuck with it for pride. Now I am clinging onto it because the problem is sinking its claws back in to me. I don't care about letting myself down. I care about letting down the one man who gave me the strength to start it all. Hes 12 years sober relapsed several times prior has the glory stories and the gory stories. Told me all to expect and helped me brace personality and body changes as they came. I don't want to let him down. It would break me to let him down...At this point I think thats the only thing pushing me forward.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there friend :) You can do it. Well done on 44 days - you're doing great.
Pets help from being lonely get a pet... movies books comedy shows that what works for me.. and actually i love being lonely sometimes.. i love my own company.. dont give up! I did it a few days ago and regretted it terribly...
I hope that pride in yourself creeps it's way back in to the picture soon! You're doing a great thing for yourself and the mental and physical benefits are innumerable! Iwndwyt! 
The more time spent thinking about something only serves to intensify the feeling.  Might be easier to say than do but try to find something to occupy your mind elsewhere?..You can do this.  Stick in there and take it one day at a time.
Thinking of you I know this feeling but drinking makes us lonelier remember that xx
From reading here I've convinced myself that it won't really get easier for a year or two. I don't mean to sound discouraging but adjusting my time frame has allowed me to be prepared for all the ups and downs. I'm sorry you are having a hard time. We are here for you!
I SO get the lonely thing and how the mind turns to things it should not. I have not been able to find work for pretty much a year. I was drinking my health away was ill physically and was showing signs of a high ammonia level in the blood. So I have a HUGE motivation to stay stopped......I KNOW how hard it is because I have stopped (and started again) so may times in the last 7 years of a 17 year drinking spree.......While in rehab  I learned about "mindfulness" or mindful thinking. It is part of DBT therapy that the place I went to rehab used. (you could google it if you were interested). I have been able to use some of the things I learned about trying to get past negative thoughts (that ay turn into negative actions) by certain breathing techniques being aware of what I am thinking....to try and think of what is driving my impulse to drink etc......I know I have to distract myself when I feel alone or isolated. I get outside (if possible) and go for a walk...I watch a funny movie....I read.....I get physically "antsy"....so a walk is best for me. You can cook (or learn to cook if you can't)....I read about a guy (maybe this site) who cut veggies and fruit to keep his hand occupied (and mind busy with a task)..YOU CAN DO THIS.....we're all here for YOU....write if you feel the urge.....or even if you just need to rant.....we all understand we're you're coming from.....I will NOT drink with you today   :)
Sometimes we are inspired by a really great dream   I'm rooting for you and whatever you do to keep going.  Ultimately this is for you.  No harm done if you gotta rely on external goals to motivate you I use SD to stay accountable.  Whatever it takes!  I am happy to not be drinking with you today!  
