-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j3otw/i_feel_nothing_but_shame/

I've been struggling to quit drinking for the last couple years. I actually did well and lasted 90 days in the first months of the year I met a woman and she wanted to go to a brewery. I felt I was strong enough to have a drink and not fall back down that dark hole I put myself in from drinking every night. ..When broke up and got back together and broke up and I just got back into the habit of drinking. Getting back into life I tried going to breweries and bars to meet people. I'm 35 all my friends are married with kids again. Seems like right after High School all my friends got married and had kids and again when I moved in my 30's. Meanwhile I've been single. ..My dog is all I have going for me she's old roughly 14 and with her health issues I wonder how long she'll be around. My hobbies and passions left me largely because I replaced them with alcohol...Last Wednesday I went to a bar and saw a cute woman drinking alone. She was having a rough night judging by her drinks and her mood but I joked with her and started a conversation. I had a beer after having a couple earlier in the day with some friends. I left feeling a bit on cloud 9. I didn't get her number or go home with her or anything but I felt happy enough that I was able to move on from my last relationship and try to get back into dating. ..I started to drive home I was pulled over and arrested for a DUI. At the police station I blew at .08%. Prior to that I was convinced I was under the limit and I felt that I was under my personal limit. I wasn't swerving all over the place no accident happened and I was pulled over for expired registration. I'm not using this as an excuse I'm saying this because I believed I was okay because alcohol made me believe I was okay. Because my addiction and tolerance made me feel that I was okay. When I blew that my heart dropped. I fucked up. ..I feel lost scared confused helpless guilt shame and hate for myself. I feel that I ruined my chances at so many things in my life and that for sure this next year will not be a good or proud year for me. All of 2017 minus those first sober months were a horrible time for me and I kept turning to alcohol to help. All I want to do is cry and not feel like shit. I can't look at my family or friends in the eye. And what's worse is I know that the damage I caused myself is nothing compared to the damage I could have caused to someone else. ..This is the lowest point I've ever felt in my entire life and I never want to relive this but I'll have to every time I get in my vehicle or pay my insurance or apply for a job. There will be the memory of my dumb decisions. ..I'm sorry SD I used to read the inspirational stories and posts on here often and somewhere along the lines I decided that I was stronger than my addiction. I was wrong and now I'm paying for it. To those of you who keep at it good on you. I admire and respect your willpower and strength. I wish I would have kept the willpower to resist alcohol like you. For those who are struggling don't give up there is no solution that drinking alcohol provides. ..I don't know where to go from here or what to do. I'm lost and all I feel is hate and disgust of myself. I know that alcohol isn't my only problem. Depression and anxiety are issues I struggle with and I'm wondering how much of that is due to alcohol. But I'm here to try to start over to admit and own up to my mistakes. I'm sorry for my actions SD. 
----------immediate responses--------

Woke up this morning in a very similar place to you. Drinking is ruining my life. I know what needs to be done but it's so hard to commit. ..You're not alone. 
It's okay. And it will be okay. You'll get through this. You'll take it one step at a time and see what's required and do the things and eventually it will be over. You're not a bad person. Take a breath and try to find just a tiny piece of forgiveness for yourself. I won't drink with you today. 
Man I'm so so sorry that happened to you. It sucks and it's going to suck for awhile. I can only speak for myself but I know that sometimes what I've needed most from the Universe has been a good swift kick in the ass. I have to remind myself that I can't undo what I've done but what I do with that experience going forward is always up to me. I know it's hard to imagine right now but never doubt that you can make something positive out of this down the road. Hang in there. I'll be thinking about you and I won't drink with you today.  
Thinking only good thoughts for you. We can't undo what we've all done but we're still good people. I will not drink with you today.  
I'm behind you I know you got this.  I'm starting from a place where I've got a bunch of practice runs behind me too.  I hope to see you around here nothing but good can come of *not* drinking for plenty of us.  We have your back!      i will not be drinking today 
[removed]
I'm inspired by your post.  Sorry you're having difficulties presently...This can be the start of an upward spiral if you choose it to be!
You got this hang in there....IWNDWYT.
Things will get better! Alcohol makes depression so much worse and makes all our problems bigger. Take it one day at a time I'm in the fight with you. I will not drink with you today!
