-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7j7swx/think_about_all_the_little_things_youre_missing/

I've been sober since mid-September and I can pinpoint the moment it  clicked  for me. I was struggling to control my bi-weekly Friday binge drinking when I had the day off and house all to myself. My therapist and I were discussing ways to distract myself from taking that first drink. She asked me to tell her about some of my hobbies and/or interests and I couldn't think of anything to say. I felt bewildered. I remember feeling shame my face burning... in my head  this can't be right! I'm an interesting person I know it! I have hobbies... right?  And she asked me to think about all the little things I was missing. That sentence just stuck with me. All the missed opportunities to pick up a new hobby or rediscover those hobbies I lost track of while numbing myself with vodka. I kept turning that sentence over and over in my mind. I was still thinking about it on my next Friday off and I didn't drink. It took a little while but in the past few months I've rediscovered my interest in crafting am studying like crazy for Part 1 of the CMA exam I'm scheduled to sit for in January and am going to begin learning sign language. I don't want to miss another moment of my own life.
----------immediate responses--------

I loved this   
I love this! I did more hobbies this last weekend sober than I had all last year. This hits home so so much!
Thanks for the reminder..that rang a bell for me too. .I dont want to miss anymore little things either...
Sounds like you have a good therapist.  :)
It takes time to re learn "fun" without alcohol. Thanks for your post OP.
Great post! It helps a lot to frame it that way. I've also missed out on a lot of little things. But not anymore :) 
This is exactly why I stopped - it made giving up drinking so much easier. Thank you for sharing! IWNDWYT!!
I think it was Richard Attenborough that said to Robert Downey Jr - once you find a passion it should all come together. 
So true. I had zero hobbies while drinking. Drinking or recovering from drinking took up all of my free time. I planned holidays around drinking. I would take a day off if I couldn't drink on the weekend so I could get my fix. Drinking was my best buddy until I found out he wanted to murder me after he humiliated me for years. 
Alcohol robs us of the little pleasures in life Thanks for the reminder!..IWNDWYTD!
Wow that's excellent.  Congrats!!
I completely understand. I'm starting to "discover" myself as well. Wishing you well on your exam! 
I can totally relate! I remember trying to fill out online dating profiles and having no idea what to say about myself. "I enjoy going to work coming home drinking liquor by myself and hating everything." Nope couldn't write that. My "hobbies" were all things I *used* to do 10 years earlier. Those moments we're flashes of realizing how bad it was for me but they didn't get through to me and I kept on going for quite some time. Now I actually have...some interests!
Good for you! What is the "CMA" exam by the way? 
I love this. Congrats on 81 days!..I don't have any hobbies anymore and I was blaming it on my work --- no work/life balance I said --- but really I've been using all the "life" time for drinking. ..IWNDWYT.
Perfect post - so true!   
Yeah alcohol is basically my anti-hobby. It makes me not write read make music and all the other hobbies I would love to try because I am either drunk and not working the present time or hungover and too tired to do my hobbies. Makes for a shit life.
I actually had to buy a book on hobby ideas to begin - how sad is that! I'd totally lost touch of who I used to be. But I'm BAACCCKKK! And I love me!
