-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jb6kj/how_to_accept_that_youre_an_alcoholic/

I've kind of posted about this before and just came back from an AA where I shared about it but how does one come to 100% accept that they are an alcoholic? Is it possible? I wanted to check in to see if any of you guys struggle with the same thoughts or have overcome them. ..I'm a binge drinker and I completely accept that I am powerless once I start drinking I have a long list of things that happen once I drink and I know they will happen again if I decide to drink I can't control it and the only defense I have is to not take the first drink. ..Despite all of that I'm still finding it hard to not think I'm over exaggerating when I consider that I'm an alcoholic. My mind is exhausting. ..
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I've had that internal debate going on forever it seems like. I've kind of boiled it down to I can't stop once I start and I can't keep from starting very well. So I feel like I'm an alcoholic. I came in with so many pictures in my head of the homeless guy and people who couldn't hold down jobs or have any family left but it really affects all different kinds of people. I really connected with this housewife's story about how she drank at home and drive drunk to get the kids from school couldn't be any more different from me but we are the same inside full of fear and anxiety. 
[removed]
social drinkers don't have to question if they are alcoholics.  that set me straight. 
I have a problem relationship with alcohol that when I drink I inevitably end up causing harm chaos or neglect my real opportunities and needs all to my own detriment and the detriment of those around me.  I get swept up in Booze brain carried away.  I can convince myself that illogical things are totally logical.  I make excuses.  I waste time energy and money.  I am an alcoholic and my life is better without alcohol.  it's simple and I don't feel any remorse admitting it *now*.  .SD helped me see the huge variety of people many of whom are articulate funny beautiful people from all over the spectrum of society.  And I discovered that most of us are alcoholics and yet there seemed to be a touching and inspiring openness to admitting it and carrying forward with overcoming it.  It doesn't make me feel heavy or boxed in to say I am an alcoholic now it sets me free.  .  iwndwyt!
If you have accepted that your are powerless over alcohol then you are an alcoholic.  There is a massive social stigma attached to admitting this which makes it hard plus if you are still active in your drinking or early in sobriety it is very tempting to offer yourself an out- I'll get this under control and then be a moderate drinker.  No you won't.  You're an alcoholic.  It's ok.  You are not bad trying to be good you are sick wanting to be well.  It's soooooo much easier once you admit and accept it to begin working on being an alcoholic in recovery rather than being in this limbo of maybe maybe not.
I wrestle with this too. Right now I'm at the point where I am trying to look inwards and examine why exactly I resist calling myself an alcoholic. Is it because I truly don't believe I am or is it because of an internal bias or denial or is it my addiction whispering my ear so that I give in? It's weird I can check off all these boxes that 'define' an alcoholic can deeply relate to stories from other people who describe as alcoholics possess the knowledge I am powerless over my drinking am related to multiple alcoholics and yet I still have that sense of -- as you say -- over-exaggerating or feeling dramatic when I use the term. Maybe it just makes it seem too 'real'...Right now though I'm leaning towards trusting those confirmations outside myself because I've accepted that I need help and can't do it on my own. I mean it's hard to trust myself right now in general. Sorry for the ramble! I appreciate your post and am glad you made it. :)
I am still not sure whether the term "alcoholic" applies to me or not.  I drank for a long time often to excess because some part of me decided in my youth that alcohol was alluring and fun.  I don't know why it took me so long to revisit that decision - there was plenty of evidence available that proved alcohol to be detrimental on many fronts but I continued to drink because....its...just...what I do? ..Reading the Annie Grace book forced me to re-evaluate alcohol with my conscious mind and once I did that it was so obvious that alcohol was poison.  Not figuratively - i mean drinking it makes me sick disoriented and damages my organs - that is the textbook definition of poison!..Since accepting the truth about alcohol I have had no drinks no cravings.  My mind no longer categorizes alcohol as a "consumable".  So am I an alcoholic?  Was I? That's just semantics.  If accepting a label is an important step in your recovery then accept it and remember that "alcoholic" isn't a pejorative term it's just a person with a trait that makes them particularly vulnerable to a certain type of poison.  Personally I believe that no one alcoholic or otherwise should be messing around with alcohol but I also know that no one is brought to that conclusion they need to arrive there on their own.  
I'm not attending AA and SD is my 'only' support. I happily call myself an alcoholic here to you as you understand what that means. I'm the same as you a binge drinker who is not outwardly a classic alcoholic. But I have a poor relationship with alcohol that will never work so I am working on ending it. The thing stopping me declaring I'm alcoholic to my friends family and work peers is that generally people's stereotype is the extreme mess who can't function day to day. I don't want to paint that is who I am. Admitting it to you guys is reaffirming in moving forward. Admitting it to them is opening the door to unfair treatment and misunderstanding
As someone else basically said I realized that if the question of 'am I an alcoholic' ever comes up in my mind... I'm VERY VERY likely an alcoholic. This fact became even clearer when I found my mind trying to justify how I WASN'T one. Normal people don't have to justify these sorts of things...Even after accepting that I'm an alcoholic the thoughts still come up sometimes that I can maybe moderate. When I get those thoughts I remember this one quote that I've heard many times and I saw on this sub again just a few days ago - 'If I could moderate I'd do it all day every day' - which hits home for me.
Here's a quote I love from AA's Big Book that I love:.**Most of us have been unwilling to admit we.were real alcoholics. No person likes to think.he is bodily and mentally different from his fellows..Therefore it is not surprising that our drinking careers.have been characterized by countless vain attempts.to prove we could drink like other people. The idea.that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his.drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death.**    .Basically "normal" drinkers never worry about how to control their drinking. Us alcoholics try every way possible to control it: just drinking beer or wine not drinking before 5pm saving it for the weekends etc. I wasn't able to quit for good until I accepted the fact that moderation is an illusion and alcohol could simply not be a part of my life. Zero drinks is easier than just a few drinks. Nothing more to think about...I just can't drink alcohol. Period.
Ultimately I accepted the fact I'm alcoholic by remembering how it feels to be on the other end of the problem. To cut the long story short my ex was an addict   at some point she just cracked and got back to abusing substances which in its own turn triggered a mental illness that... well let's just say it snowballed into something horrible. To make it worse   I couldn't help here because I was too drained out by my own issues with Johnny Walker...So when my alcohol problems lead me to a life where I would constantly hurt people who care and depend on me I remembered how it felt to be on the receiving end of this crap. This made me stop...I wouldn't wish this kind of experience to anyone but I'm sure that if everyone who starts drinking knew what it's like to have a close person killing themselves with booze and bringing hell down on you for trying to help them we'd have a lot fewer alcoholics around.
Too many times of trying to moderate and failing...
Look at it this way some day you won't be able to walk.  Maybe even you lose your memory.  Your ability to drive will deteriorate.  Some people are lactose intolerant.  Is it really that bad that you can never drink again or is it a stepping stone to prepare you for the inevitable fact of life that things will change in your life and this is just one of those?  I feel like it's gearing me up for what is to come later in life.  
