-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jvja6/9_months_of_sobriety_down_the_drain_relapsed_at/

I had it 9 months in doing so well. New career valedictorian of my Project Management class my relationship with my husband went from talking about divorce to being madly in love again. My life completely transformed because of my sobriety. And I threw it away. I was weak and everyone was drinking and I participated. It's gone just like that. Now I have to tell my husband and my sponsor and I'm so scared. My sobriety literally changed my life but I drank. Where do I go from here? What do I do? I'm so sad to have to let my husband and sponsor know how weak I was and how I failed. Please help 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think you should be so hard on yourself.  I'm pretty new to this but I'd say just go back to what you'd been doing before that worked.  Today is a new day and I won't drink with you today.  You got this! 
[removed]
It happened and at this point there is nothing you can do to change that. However how you handle that fact going forward is something you can change. ..Beating yourself up is hardly going to help. You've had a stumble which in no way devalues your 9 months of sobriety. You did not throw that away. You will always have them...It's a learning experience. .You got this. 
 Fall down seven get up eight ......Japanese proverb 
You know you have already problem for nine months straight that you are doing this. Those months aren't lost noone can devalue them or take them away from you. If anything what you lost is a number. In my opinion falling isn't failure; not bothering to get up again is. You telling them both is testimony to your honesty and commitment. I'd be very surprised if that didn't warrant care and respect from both. I think you're doing great. You continue doing that ok?
[removed]
It's not down the drain you still have that sober time. Start again today and you'll be right back where you need to be. Don't be too hard on yourself it won't change anything. I will not drink with you today  
One slip is not a headlong fall.  Pick yourself up dust yourself down and start again...You've succeeded before and you will again.
