-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jyvcr/hopeless/

I relapsed again last night. I'll never be sober. I honestly feel totally hopeless. I've been considering self harm lately. I just think I want to die. But I can't because  I have to take care of my dog. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep trying.  I've been there.   Think about doing something different.   Going to inpatient treatment was the best thing I ever did.  I resisted it for years and thought I could never make it work.   It changed my life.   
It's amazing you realize you need some support!  That's great news in itself!  Don't give up.  We all fall many many times.  Reach out and find someone to help you!  Inbox me if you want and I'll find someone in your local area.
I'm glad you are here.  I relapsed last night too.  But we are back and we can keep trying.
Hang in there and don't give up! Your dog needs you! Stay strong. You aren't alone!
Ironically it's the poison/alcohol talking. I challenge you to get it out of your system long enough that the fog is lifted. 3-4 weeks. Seems like forever but that time will pass regardless and after the first little while you'll start to feel better until it doesn't have a hold on you anymore. You can break free. There's better out there. You may feel lost but you're here aren't you? Look at all of these people who have felt this low at one time or another and have pulled themselves out of the hole just like you can. And one day I'm going to log in and see your post about how you were feeling lower than you ever felt and you finally said f-it you weren't going to live like that anymore and you pulled yourself up off your a$$ and found the strength and the determination to turn it all around and take steps to start living the kind of life you want to live. We only have one. Make it count. You got this. It's the poison it's evil. It will make you feel like less of a human. You turn to it for comfort because you think it's your friend but it's not. It will take everything from you. Don't let it. Only you can put it in your body and only you can stop. I swear to you once you stop the other bad shit will eventually stop too. Not only will you be sober you will want to be sober and actually enjoy being sober. It's a crazy concept but sometimes you have to be a little crazy and go against the flow to get through it all. 
