-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k1768/this_time_its_different_or_the_similarities/

First of all I just asked for a badge reset because I had some champagne while on a work event last Wednesday. It was only one swig but I still feel I need to reset. It's not that I'm ashamed of myself or because I feel awful. I just want to know how long I've truely been sober...Now onto a bit of an introduction: I have a masters degree in History with a specialization in economic history. Even though I don't do anything with my degree (I work in a whole other field) I still love reading about the subject. I was browsing along some great works I've read and stumbled upon the book This time it's different by Reinhart and Rogoff. The book is about financial crises and how every time after a crisis happened every expert said that  this time it's different and it won't happen like this again'. ..Experts claim that we will learn from our mistakes and that from now on there will be economic growth till the end of ages. The authors of the book claim that this is just not the case and that the same thing happens every time. We as humanity make a mistake (the crash of the economy) while recovering we say we won't do it again (so we get some stricter rules on banking bla bla bla) and when we feel confident we lessen the control until we make the same mistake again. Rinse and repeat. Ofcourse not everyone has a part in this I made this description heavily generalized. If you like economy and history as much as I do it's a great read!..So this was the short part about my academic career and now on to the similarities to my drinking career: Every time when I woke up hungover and decided that I wouldn't drink or would moderate I would say  this time it's different'. ..I as the expert on my own behavior claim that I will learn from my mistake and that from now on there will be responsible use of alcoholic beverages till the end of ages. You could say it goes something like this: I make a mistake (I don't control my drinking) while recovering I say I won't do it again (so I say I won't drink for x time and after that I will take y precaution so it can't go wrong) and when I feel confident I lessen control until I make the same mistake again. Rinse and repeat...The big difference however is that everyone involved in this (me myself and I together with my support network) has a part in this. Ever since accepting that this time it isn't different I have wat less of a problem with not drinking anymore. Not drinking at all is much easier than being in constant fear of your own actions or constantly watching others and comparing them to yourself!..So to everyone struggling to moderate and with the little voice inside you head that says you can or can't do it (I've had both but decided that the one who says I can't is right) think about our economy! This time it isn't different so accept that if you go along the same patterns you won't change! Not drinking with you today and I love you all  
----------immediate responses--------

From one history major to another nice post and way to go!..This is my second try at sobriety. The first time I failed by thinking that after 30 days of not drinking I was somehow different that I had control. This time I have realized its not different. I cant control alcohol once I've ingested it. The only way I can control it is by not having any at all.
Awesome metaphor!  
&gt;if you go along the same patterns you won't change!..Wisdom...I believe that it's actually very difficult for humans to escape their cycles.  The cynic in my thinks we reached the pinnacle of our evolution a couple thousand years ago.  ..Here's the pattern I observe in humans:.."I want what you have.  You are different than me. You don't believe as I do.  I will through the use of force convert you to my way of beliefs or subjugate you or kill you."  Prime movers being fear envy sex safety and power...The settings change.  The technologies change.  The base drivers don't unless individuals pursue enlightenment.
