-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k2664/ive_been_drunk_for_almost_all_of_3_years_now_12/

I never drank much/often through my teen years and early 20s. Played/toured in bands when I was 25-27 and would drink 3-5 cocktails on show nights 1-3 nights a week. I stopped all that to focus on family since my kid was getting older. I never really drank much for the next few years. Then we relocated back to my home city when I was 30. We had some financial struggles in the transition but I finally got a decent job we moved into a big-enough house and we were getting back on our feet. So it's kind of weird that THAT'S when the drinking problem really started. I did have a fair amount of job stress but everything else was going fine. Happy marriage my kid is smart and well behaved I'm back around my family and old friends I'm networking with new people and working on cool projects. It may be hard to understand but I think I started drinking because I had a sense of having my shit together. Like I deserved to treat myself with a fancy bourbon in a fancy glass with a fancy ice ball. It felt good. Luxurious. It felt good to offer a drink to company. After some time friends would come over and eventually ask "what kind of whiskey you got in there?" It was just a thing I was enthused about. Even my wife (a bartender) would bring me different exotic bourbons and scotches to add to my selection. I always kept my drinking on a responsible level on work nights and add a few more on the weekends. Never any embarrasment regrets or hangovers. Of course my tolerance was being chipped away bit by bit. Then eventually I got really drunk on a work night. That was the snowball. I couldn't miss work the next day so my plan was to try the hair-of-the-dog trick that I've always heard about. I woke up feeling like a dried up mummy. I drank a single shot and a bottle of water and proceed to try and have a normally functioning day. Wow. It worked. Like really well. Too well..The slight buzz not only killed the hangover symptoms I had a little extra spring in my step and I was way more cheery and social in the early morning. Great. I can have a few extra drinks on a work night no problem..Fast forward just a little and I'm getting really drunk every night. The wake up shot still helps but only until 10am. I'm taking lunch early everyday to go home and take a shot or maybe two if I'm afraid I'll start feeling bad before 5:00 comes. Then I drive home thinking about the shot I'm about to take. Now for the record I wouldn't drink more than this before I helped my kid with homework and did all the dinner/bathtime/bedtime stuff. It was about the only rational thoughts I had when it came to my drinking routine. But after the kid went to sleep I started pouring. It didn't take long for the over indulgence to become apparent to my wife. She started out with little comments about how often I drink or how much. I would try to say it wasn't THAT much but I knew it was. She knew it was. So I agree to "slack off" and stop drinking so much everyday. That's when I started hiding it. I knew she would notice the bottles getting emptier so I would purchase pint bottles and sneak them in the house. It was almost a game in my head. A covert mission to sneak in the goods and then consume it undetected. No more fancy drinks just straight from the plastic bottle. I got good at playing sober and .I had convinced my wife I wasn't drinking as much....Then I just drank. And drank. I would drink a pint or more at night then a pint throughout the day. Drove drunk. Worked drunk. Everything drunk. For three years. I can't believe I just typed that. I don't know how I kept it up for so long but eventually I admitted to my wife what I had been doing. I was looking for support but I should have expected her to be mad since I had deceived her for so long. It was a huge fight but she stuck with me and wanted to help me through. I actually went a few more months "drinking undercover" before I confessed again. Then I actually slacked off a bit. I was going to ween a bit since I knew I'd been drinking too long to go cold turkey. After a month or so of cutting down I had a small party with a few friends and I went in way too hard. I was putting away whiskey like a rock star in the 90s and got annoying and beligerent. Made friends and wife really mad. I got up after sleeping for 15 hours and began to vomit blood and shiver uncontrollably. Wake up call: You're killing yourself. That was 12 days ago. In an attempt to ween I have only had one or two beers a night since then. It was actually going pretty well. Until last night. All my motivation was gone. It just wasn't a big deal right then. I definitely don't deserve a medal but I only got a half pint this time. I couldn't wait for the relief of actually getting more than a little tease of alcohol in my bloodstream. The half pint was gone quickly along with the idea that it was going to make anything better. It was disappointing. I think I can do this but I don't like the feeling of starting over. I'm afraid I'll do this 1000 times.
----------immediate responses--------

Having no clue how to build a sober happy life on my own I got help starting with a therapist. I also went to lots of AA meetings. Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system and guidance. 
It's hard to admit this stuff and especially to share it with others...You may want to talk to your doctor before attempting full blown sobriety - sounds like you already know that. My dad was clinically dead twice thanks to improper detoxing. He had a similar (probably worse) M.O. he'd wake up at 4-5 in the morning with the shakes and down a mickey of vodka just to stave off the impending hangover and then proceed to sneak booze throughout the day on top of the dozen or so beers he'd put back after work. ..Doesn't sound like you're quite at his level but still this is serious shit and and you have a lot to lose. ..Try and find a meeting that works for you. AA and similar groups aren't for everybody but in the beginning surrounding yourself with people who understand where you're coming from can help tremendously...You're on the right track...Keep it up!
Hey man I hear you on your story ours is very similar right down to ages family situation aspects of hiding. I'm new to this and although I've had a number of false starts this last 2 months has been mostly alcohol free. I found that coming to this community has been hugely beneficial it's pretty amazing and incredibly supportive. Some people like to check in daily to pledge that they will not drink for the next 24 hours - I find it helpful for accountability. There is also the badge which counts your days - surprisingly useful for me anyway and there are apps in the App Store with motivational tools also. I know that a lot of people utilise AA and therapy / counselling with benefit also. ..It might be a cliche but you can do it it really does get better and I already feel physical and mentally closer to my old self. I'm willing to bet that you will too. As people like to say you never have to feel this way again. Good luck to you you are in my thoughts. 
Weaning off can lead right back into binging as you have experienced. It takes a lot of dedication to taper. I'd recommend talking to your doctor and being honest about the amount you drink. I was so scared to come clean! But my doc was so non-judgmental and helpful I left wondering why I'd waited. She gave me a scrip to help with withdrawals and I detoxed safely at home. I stocked up on pedialyte soups and other easy foods. Once I was done with that I had to get extra help. I started seeing a substance abuse therapist and attending Refuge Recovery meetings. Best wishes and keep us posted!
shit man .. i have been down that road i felt i was reading something i wrote.  I loved the pint bottles of jim beam hidden throughout the house always coming up with excuses why I had to get something in the basement or check the garage.  .I was admitted to the hospital for having really high blood sugar (type 1 diabetic) and they wouldn't let me go once my wife said I was an alcoholic i stay in detox for 6 days (tried to escape twice) and haven't drank since ... man it fucking sucks .. it isn't easy  but you can find all the strength you need on this site.  Exercise was the most helpful tool for me ... .best wishes it's not sunshine and cookies at 1st for sure but it gets better .. way better .. .. 
You can do this  i have been sober 17 days... your story sounds somewhat like mine . I started drinking in the am on the way to the gym....it spiraled finally i had enough of waking up sick  good luck to you . I will not drink with you tonight  
The worst part is stopping the binge you just have to do it. If you can seek medical help then go for it otherwise its a living nightmare. I drank 3 days ago for a 6 day bender basically pissing off my entire family my neighbors and making a huge buffoon out of myself. The first day I shook in bed all night and had horrifying nightmares that I can't even describe ( if i got any sleep) yesterday was a bit better and today i'm doing much better and actually really looking forward to tomorrow. Your outlook starts to change really early on sleep gets easier little things become funner. Worst part is not getting back into the damn cycle its like a tornadoe for us drinkers.
I'm feeling all 'Friday Night' so I'm in our bedroom about to launch a video game as a distraction. I'm on SD looking for my reasons and here it is. It never gets old this sub it never fails me when I need a bit of support. Thank you for posting it all resonates here and I needed to read your plight. Be strong my friend as I am being tonight. The road isn't easy but this path is well travelled. You can do this of that have no doubt. How can I be so sure? It's because I'm walking that path right now and if I've got this anyone can follow. Much love and respect. 
Maybe it's time for detox?  i too have tried and failed and tried and failed.  That's the deal because I'm addicted to alcohol.  It's a slippery slope when I start and stop and start and stop.  i have lately realized that addiction is a serious illness and my thinking about myself has changed for the better.  I'm not so hard on myself and so I'm maintaining sobriety one day at a time.  I will not drink with you today.
You are at a dangerous point and definitely need to be in contact with a doctor. 
I can hear the urgency in your words. You have gotten good advice already. I'm sending you strength and resilience and courage. You *can* do this.  This sub is full of caring compassionate wise smart people. Take advantage of this place. 
We are here for you- that's what's important. Aspects of your story are identical to mine some completely different but whiskey pints were when I really got bad. Started filing pints from a handle to keep cost down. I'm a huge advocate of AA. It's very cheap- having been in an alcoholic situation with no insurance I urge you to take advantage of the program. There's invaluable stuff there take what you need! .I've found after millions of failed attempts-but now 402 days of sobriety it's easier for me to not take that first drink than to moderate my drinking. 
Thanks for sharing this and as hard as it all is/will be...you can do it. I'd love to see you  get a badge watch that number increase every day. Sounds like you have a nice family and for me that's one of the biggest motivators there is. I want nothing more in life than to be there for them and a solid role model etc
