-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k76of/my_last_day_1/

I was here just last Saturday morning having lapsed the night before talking about the lessons that I'd learned.  I thought that I'd turned a corner.  And really I think that I had.  But tonight I turned right back again...I thought that it would be a good idea for me to drink last night.  Stressful week blah blah blah social anxiety blah blah blah I deserve a reward blah blah blah.  All bad reasons and I know it.  So I gave myself a new  out'   I would only drink if I measured and wrote down each pour and how I was feeling when I poured it.  Kind of like people are encouraged to do with food diaries when they are trying to get over emotional eating.  I also figured out how many calories were in each pour because I'm struggling with my weight which is one reason I'm trying to stop drinking. I also wrote down what I was thinking/feeling at each pour.  Because I did want to get a clearer picture of what I'm doing and why. So I committed to drinking at a  natural' pace and not slowing it just because I was writing it down.  ..Between 5:00 and 9:30 I poured myself nine shots of tequila.  That's pretty much a thousand calories but that's really the least of my worries...My bigger problem is that I know that this is not good for me in so many ways but that I got to a Friday evening and I threw in the towel.  And for what?  Ideally it would be to relax and have a good time right?  Well part of it was relaxing.  Part of it was chatting with people and listening to music.  But part of it was also fighting with someone and having another talk about my drinking.  And then there's this part where I've sobered up but feel headachy and sick and ashamed.  But I feel like I need to grin and bear it and pretend that I don't feel like this because if I'm hungover well that means I have a bit of a drinking problem doesn't it?  Also I don't want to negatively impact other people's day with this shit that I've brought on myself...Seven of those shots happened before 7:00.  Part of me actually congratulated myself for recognizing that I was good and buzzed and stopping (or at least slowing down) at that point.  But even then there was such a strong temptation to keep pouring.  Because this feels good right? Gotta preserve that feeling right?..And I was thinking this even when the feeling wasn't all that good.  Yes there was music and chatting. But there was also a lot of anxiety weaved in.  And here's another stupid thing   one of my  rules' for drinking has been to not drink when I'm in a mood I wouldn't want magnified since for me booze just magnifies everything.  What I noticed tonight was that my anxiety would be at an 8 then I'd tell myself that I could not have another drink unless I calmed down so I would not be in a bad place when I took the next drink.  I'd calm to about a 7 then pour another...This is not healthy.  I know that should have been obvious.  But I see it more clearly now that I'm getting a few strings of sober days here and there.  ..I will not drink with you today.  .
----------immediate responses--------

This will come off as more "tough love" but it sounds like you have a lot of processes and things you're trying to overthink. The reality is you wanted to get drunk; nobody who does tequila shots is doing it for the taste. It's absolutely NASTY...agree?!?..Writing stuff down is just fooling yourself. The only thing you should write down is that you will never drink again. Period. 
So the biggest thing ive come across with the same experience as you and many people on here is how we stop this cycle. What happens when we go about 1-2 weeks and people forgive and forget are trespassses ( thruthfully most people will forgive you and forget quickly because people are quite self focused) then what keeps us from drinking. Intially its the memory of the shame and pain and guilt you caused then when that dissapears you need to have this higher level of thinking. This time around for me I just realized I can't and won't ever just be able to have one drink. Not one for the rest of my life. I won't ever be able to drink one night and then go like two weeks sober like most people it won't ever happen. No one is perfect. I am blessed because I know my problem is drinking. It is the only thing holding me back in my life but it is strong enough to ruin it entirely. If I stop drinking the universe will align for me and everything will fall into place if I don't I'm just going to be stuck in this cycle of content-misery until I eventually die. I'm finally okay with not drinking for the rest of my life it doesn't even bother me anymore.
IWNDWYT
Glad you're here with us. Not drinking with you today and also sending you an internet hug.
