-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k7hgv/ibs_flare_is_triggering_desire_to_drink/

I've been dealing with IBS all of my adult life so nothing new here.  I'm in a particularly bad flare right now -- lots of abdominal pain &amp; discomfort.  After years of dealing with this and trying all sorts of fixes the only thing I've ever found effective is not eating for a few days.  And wine.  ..I'm not sure if it's because wine dulls the pain or because the fermentation actually helps relieve the symptoms.  But it does help...I've been in flare for almost 2 weeks now and it's frazzling my nerves.  Last few nights have been a struggle to not go and get a bottle of wine.  ..Anyone relate to this?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're suffering. Is your doctor able to help?
Cant see how beer shits could help. Get to a good doctor. There are meds out there even for pain. Fell better....
Clearly all my business is open to the public (on SD) regardless of the topic.  I used to have *horrible* IBS.  I ended up finding out that it was caused by a thyroid problem.  I went on the IBS diet.  Basically psyllium husk was the thing that helped me the most.  Metamucil it soothes the bowel.  Alcohol can relax the digestive system but I would think that in the end it won't resolve or help the issue for you.  I think your body is still adjusting to life without alcohol.  
I can relate. I suffer from a lot of stomach aches and wine use to soothe them away. It was really tough to get through all sorts of things sober that I was used to turning to alcohol for. (Period pain (gin) back pain (gin) stomach ache (wine) anxiety or sleep (beer) !!)..I do use weed for stomach issues and sleep although I'm giving it a break now and can't have much anyway or do it every night. I know that's not possible for some people for a variety of reasons. ..Could Kombucha work perhaps if it's the fermentation? I'm sure you've tried lots of things. My stomach issues used to be incredibly intense and I went to all sorts of 'healers'. In the end I stopped doing that. I totally understand the desire for relief.
