-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k7n8e/great_party_last_night_i_guess_im_an_inspiration/

a few years ago my old roommate got married and got a house with his lovely lady on the other side of town. sad i dont get to see them very much at all anymore. there was a couple there that was former neighbors of theirs when they first got a place together. i could never remember that couples name even tho they shared a common wall and were at every party back in those days. last night i remembered their names. lets call them Dale and Maggie. Maggie spots my La Croix and say "oh hey not drinking tonight?" i play it cool and say " nah not tonight!"... it didnt take long for her to start telling me how much better i look and act and carry myself. she then proceeds to tell me about how she and her man are struggling with it and she seemed to really wanna quit more than him. i said meetings were the first step for me and she said shes been to a few and said i was an inspiration. i betcha they think of me sometime this morning while crawling toward the fridge for that ice cold gatorade. Oh! and i brought a bottle of tito's vodka for my old roommate and his wife so my grand total of money spent on booze this year is 19.99! life is really good!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go I know there are people who will find us inspiring!  This is a great post for all the people who cower at the thought of  what will other people think'.  No cowering necessary!  What a great post OP thank you!       iwndwyt 
Ah I love that story.  It seems people can sense it.  My husband spoke to a friend about it the other day and they commiserated and it was so good for him.  I have no issues talking about it with any of my close friends.  (I got a bottle of wine from my father-in-law the other night gonna re-gift it to somebody else ;)
That's great to hear! I have had similar experiences. It's interesting to see how many of my friends have opened up to me about their own struggles since I quit...It's strange to me that all those years of partying together I wasn't the only one that was worried about what alcohol was doing to my life. We were all just too scared to talk about it. Maybe we were too busy worrying about being cool or maybe we were just too far into the drink...In any case I'm happy to be sober today and I wish you the best. Keep being a great inspiration! ..
Awesome! Love the "nah not tonight" response. I learned quickly after my first 2-3 failed attempts at quitting that I don't need to announce it. Just saying "nah not tonight" takes off a lot of pressure and lets me do my thing without feeling too scrutinized or judged. ..It's great to inspire people with your actions and be a living example of how much better life is without alcohol! Well done :) 
Yes! I always got this pang of jealousy when people said they didn't drink or had quit drinking. But it would also make me hopeful that someday that could be me. Keep it going! You are an inspiration!
Nice!  I really hold a couple of my friends in very high esteem; a few friends of mine that chose not to drink didn't lose themselves to some sober cult and managed to have a **great** time out on the town and at parties.  Years ago I saw them do this I realized that alcohol isn't necessary for a good time that living without it can somehow be cool.  Now I'm the one my friends see doing this.  I have no doubt that as the years pass more people will join the ranks of happily sober folks.  I don't preach about it.  I just lead by example.  And so are you! Great job. 
Haha what a great story thank you for sharing it! You are an inspiration to me too! I'm going to aim towards spending 0 on booze. :D..Happily not drinking with you today. 
Love it! And you just inspired a New Years Resolution: I will to spend $0 on alcohol in 2018! 
