-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7k8ji8/idk_what_the_hell_is_wrong_with_me/

I created new account because what I'm about to say I am so ashamed of and embarrassed I don't want anyone to know who I am...I have been trying to get sober for years now. Years and years and years. It'd work for a while then I'd relapse hard. Harder and harder until I started getting pancreatitis kidney infections...did that stop me? Nope sure didn't. ..About a week ago everything came to a head when I tried to quit cold turkey I don't fully remember how it happened but I got up to try to use the bathroom and collapsed and passed out. My husband somehow got me in the car and I woke up on the way to the ER. ..The nurses rushed me into the back and started doing all the tests. My urine was completely red my pulse was through the roof and I was in a lot of pain...They took me to do a sonogram of my stomach while my husband waited with my daughter in my hospital room. When they wheeled me back in the room my husband was crying I asked him what was wrong and he just shook his head and said wait for the doctor to tell you. The doctor walked in and said first of all I was extremely dehydrated I also had pancreatitis but the biggest issue I'm in the beginning stages of liver failure. I'm only 27. ..Even more shitty than that I got admitted that night. I started hallucinating and thought people were attacking me and my dreams started mixing with reality. I couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't real anymore. I had to get sedated repeatedly. I am so embarrassed and never even want to show my face at that veterans hospital againbut I have to because that's who my healthcare is through. I was crying and screaming and trying to run from doctors ripping IVs out. ..I'm home now but extremely depressed and sad and I just want to cry all the time. Idk where I'm going with this just...what do I do now? I'm confused and ashamed and still in pain and want to hide under my blankets forever.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not a doctor but I think you heal the best you can and take it one day at a time. I truly hope you get better. 
I'm so sorry for what you're going through. I wish I had better or more comforting words to offer you. 
Don't be embarrassed healthcare professionals have seen it all and then some! Just focus on getting yourself healthy for your family..I will not drink with you today   
The book 'You Can Heal Your Life' by Louise Hay has helped me tremendously in healing parts of my body that were caused by thought patterns about my life. ..http://alchemyofhealing.com/causes-of-symptoms-according-to-louise-hay/..There's a website that lists them maybe you can find them relatable like I did. I healed chronic back problems amongst other things including depression with help from Louise Hay along with others. Sending loving thoughts your way friend :)
