-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kauh1/when_the_time_is_right_you_find_the_right_people/

About 6-8 months ago I was considering controlled or moderate drinking. I looked around the internet and found a few forums but to be honest...the one I found about sobriety was very off putting to me. The posters seemed sweet well meaning and sincere. But the way they wrote! .It was like "Tank da LORD u r here 2day!" .Very religious very short and emotional and very...down to earth let's say. I didn't feel a connection to the group wished them well and moved on. .About 3 months ago over 40 days into my sobriety journey I searched again. .r/stopdrinking was a suggestion from another forum I think. .I came here and wow. .What a difference. .Educated sophisticated thoughtful even poetic people. .Still sweet sincere and kind. .I realize this might sound a little snobbish but finding people I felt I could relate to describing their struggles in words and a style I myself might use made me realize "I can do this too." .Thank you all! .or should I say .TANK GOD 4 U ALL! ;)
----------immediate responses--------

Hah! I also appreciate the use of actual words and complete sentences. Glad you found us! 
And look at that Beautiful Palindrome!
I TANK JEEBUS 4U 2! 
"When the student is ready the teacher shall appear."  I found r/stopdrinking on my day-8 when I was crying suicidal and believing I would die a drunk.  I believe this sub saved my life!  Congrats on 111 and I'm happy you're here!
I don't think you sound one bit snobbish because I feel the exact same way!.This is the perfect recovery and support group for me!.I'm thankful every day that the focus here is positive and inclusive to people of any or no faith. I love that the posts where one of us messes up are upvoted  and looked into and serve us as learning experiences. I'm happy for the thoughtful poetic and scientific approaches. I'm so happy for people who use big words and for those who pepper in some FUCKS lol!..You people are my people! IWNDWYT
TANKS for posting this. I probably wouldn't have gotten through the first week without this group. Logging in to see that that gosh-darn badge is mighty motivating when I feel the struggle creeping in. :)
Tank you for joining us.
You're velcome.
Agreed religion on the AA program put me off I don't need another crutch I need to learn to walk on my own. 
