-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kc1dz/im_two_years_sober_and_really_struggling_with_my/

How are you guys able to coexist with a drinking partner?
----------immediate responses--------

My husband goes out drinking with his friends every Friday sometimes Saturday too.. and it really just kinda sucks.  He'll crash at a friend's on the Friday then all day Saturday he's hungover and grumpy and just really fun to be around  /:  I quit drinking to help save our relationship because I would turn into a horrible person when I drank.  I'm not gonna tell him to stop but it's really bumming me out.  I'm putting in the work and going to meetings and doing everything I can and not getting much back.  ..Sorry this is not helpful at all!  Just needed to vent as I'm feeling especially down tonight..  
Couples counseling.  My husband and me went when I was pregnant with my second child.  We didn't do more than a handful of sessions but it taught us some important tools.  Mostly even though there's a ton wrong in our relationship we have deep love for each other and love being parents together...I drank a lot to handle my post partum anxieties with both my kids and it lasted for two years with the first.  Second time around I knew what I was feeling and got on medication to help...My husband drinks it makes me uncomfortable but because I don't drink he drinks less and I came home tonight from a cookie exchange and noticed he was drinking water.  Years past he'd have been drunk...We all go through hard times.  I do not think we should walk away from challenges.  No relationship is perfect.  This is your issue but it could be another issue.  Decide how to work on it (how to cope when she's drunk- for me? I go to another room and leave him to himself) and the nice thing is that you can figure out how to grow together over this...Counseling.  Reconnecting.  Find something to do that isn't alcohol related without the baby.  Being a mom is really hard.  You're always  on  your mind is always buzzing.  I used to think I needed the drunk just to have my mind be quiet...I wish you all the best.  
Super hard situation you are in. I had the same experience exactly. In a relation with a woman with a daughter from someone else who started drinking wine everyday while I was well into years of being sober. You will have to decide if you are willing to stay with someone like this. Personally I would move on. IWNDWYT
