-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ke7un/day_one_again/

I hate alcohol. I hate what it keeps doing to me. I hate relapsing every few weeks/months. ..How do I keep future me from thinking I can drink again in a few weeks? I can't seem to make it stick in my head that ONE drink always leads to 20 either the next day or a few days down the road. It's the same pattern every time. ..So this is day one again for me. I like to think I learn something from each relapse but I'm not sure I did this time. No new trigger or anything just kinda slipped up...I hate this self loathing and feeling like crap after a relapse. I want to feel normal again and sleep well. ..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel the same.  I just need to stop.  I keep thing new year dry Jan etc but I think that is making me worse at the moment.  I hate so many things about alcohol and I don't really know why I keep going back to it!
When I tried to stop at rock bottom I wrote huge notes to myself and hung them on the fridge on the entrance door etc - remember movie night SO comes over do this do that - and of course don't drink. That helped me remember both short and long term that there were consequences. Today my main weapon against relapse is HALT; if I want to drink I am very often hungry angry lonely or tired. Keys like this help me sort my thoughts and feelings and stay focused. Good luck I will not drink with you today!
&gt;How do I keep future me from thinking I can drink again in a few weeks?..By understanding there is no 'future me'.  There is only 'me in the present'.  The question is not "How do I stop some future thought?"  The real question is "How do I maintain my current awareness?"..&gt;I hate this self loathing and feeling like crap after a relapse. I want to feel normal again and sleep well...I found that to be successful I needed to maintain an accurate awareness of my state of being prior to quitting.  I couldn't afford to minimize the danger or the damage I was causing.  I actively worked towards maintaining that awareness.  I was in /r/stopdrinking every day.  I wrote posts to remind myself where I was coming from and I read posts that inspired me and helped me stay honest with myself.  [This post by strangesobriety](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) helps me to focus on the truth of things when I have moments of doubt.  ..&gt;Minimization justification denial - these are the mental tricks your alcoholism uses against you. Alcoholism may be the most insidious enemy you have yet faced because it speaks to you in your own voice and thoughts. Your best defense against these kinds of mental stumbling blocks is to get honest and familiar with your own story. This is one of the biggest reasons why people in AA tell their story again and again even after years of sobriety. By taking a good long hard look at our established track record with drugs and alcohol and then getting honest about it to another sober alcoholic we learn more about ourselves than we ever would mulling it over in our own head. Because that's where my alcoholism lives - in my head in my thoughts - and if I give it a chance it will quickly manipulate and justify my history of drinking into a convincing argument for that most dangerous lie: "I was never really that bad." If you have a proven track record of drugs and alcohol causing problems in your life but are struggling to find reasons or ways to avoid the label of "alcoholic" that's the lie you need to be worried about. Because as soon as you start believing it you're going to be drinking again. And if it wasn't "that bad" before the progressive nature of alcoholism is sure to make all those "but I haven't done _______ yet"'s come true.....
Same whenever I hit a few weeks people forgive and forget the horrible dumb stuff I did when I went on my last bender and I convince myself it's okay to have another drink. And there we go again. This time around I'm going to be reading new stories everyday. Because everyday someone posts something on here could have easily been me and it automatically reminds me where that one drink will take me. So I'm going to give that a try so far it's working. So basically I'm not only using my old experiences (which my mind will forget and people will tend to forgive and forget) but other people's new ones
Stay strong. I'm in the same position as you and I hate myself for it. IWNDWYT.
