-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kfp7h/made_it_through_annual_christmas_party_and/

This is an annual party with a semi-political group I belong to been going for the past five years. Always a lot of fun. Of course I always drank a whole lot. Which I thought made it super fun. Nope. Much more fun sober...First thing was that several people where there who hadn't seen me since summer so from before I quit boozing. Comments were all along the lines of "man you look GREAT! You've lost weight right? Amazing!" ..So my response was basically: *"yeah I've lost 44lbs in the past 85 days."*.."Holy crap how did you do that?!" ..*"Well I cut out a lot of carbs and ALL alcohol. Also the doctor told me I'm getting very close to borderline diabetes."*.. This is all true but I didn't have to come out and say: *"yeah quit drinking cuz I'm a raging alcoholic and the weight loss is just a side benefit of saving my liver and my life by stopping the booze."*..The other thing is that everyone was drinking besides me and about half got pretty drunk. Now I can be a pretty funny guy and I can tell a fair story with subtle little innuendos etc. The beginning of the night I was getting some good response from folks and their stories were fun too. Great banter. But as the night got boozier people one after one began not to get me. And their stories got more and more rambling and well just dumb. I found myself talking with the folks who had had only a couple and just avoiding the others. And then it hit me that I had always been with the boozy ones thinking my jokes were still good after 6+ drinks in. I realize that the new me would actually go out of my way to avoid the old me at a party. I really like myself so much more now. And the icing on the cake is I think most of my acquaintances in that group like the new me better too...Side note: I brought diet tonic water to drink. Was drinking a glass with ice when I put it down to grab some food. Someone else had used some of my tonic water to make a Gin and tonic. They set theirs down close to mine and when I went back to retrieve mine I picked up theirs instead. I got it close to my face and smelled the gin put it down ASAP with no desire what so ever and got my own drink back. But the the next day driving to the store I was thinking that a vodka on the rocks would be great. In fact it sounds good to me right now as I type. Shit. But I will not give in come too far and feel too good. But its a weird thing and you can't ever assume you won't struggle from time to time and you never know when and where...
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome! Congrats :) Crazy how just smelling alcohol can encourage a craving later. 
Did the same as you in years past. As a sober person now it's kinda hard to communicate with the heavy drinks and I realize now how I was avoided by other light/non drinkers in the past. 
I accidentally took a drink of margarita at a holiday party several years ago (It was bright orange. Who in the hell makes an orange margarita?) I remember mind mind and my spirit were both freaking out. My esophagus and stomach on the other hand were like 'oh *hell* yeah!' That really brought it home that I do not bodily react to alcohol like normal people do. I ran to my AA group and sat with my friends answering the hotline that night until I was sure the cravings had passed. I can't imagine combating those feelings all by myself. ...Also thanks for this:..&gt;I realize that the new me would actually go out of my way to avoid the old me at a party...I will continue to avoid the old me today.
Wow congrats on your weight loss and staying sober. Awesome!
Don't give in. You WILL feel like shit afterwards. That's a fact.
I don't think some triggers will ever go away.  I can barely watch football right now because it makes me want to drink.
Booze: We want what we can't have until we have it...then regret
Don't give in! You did great. :) ..We had one of our family Christmas gatherings this past Saturday. I did not go last year because I drank early that morning and my SO couldn't wake me up for more than two minutes and I'd pass out again. So when I did finally get up I had to tell my mother I was sick and couldn't come...Basically I hadn't seen these people since Christmas 2015. I got compliments on how much weight I'd lost comments that if I lost any more weight I'd "blow away." It was awesome. They asked how I did it and I just said "cutting calories."..You're right about noticing others' drinking more when you're not drinking yourself. One of my cousins got pretty drunk on wine that night.
