-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kg3nn/helping_my_partner_and_myself_need_advice/

Hi Friends..Hope you are doing well. Congrats and at the same time Good Luck for doing your best to stay sober. I know it's a constant struggle but then - where there is a will there's a way...I am here as I needed your inputs and guidance on how do I help my partner and at the same time don't lose myself in the process...Me and my partner are married for close to 8 months. He is a really talented guy with a very good heart. And I am happy to have him. But I am scared that I might lose him to alcoholism...He drinks like once a week or sometime twice. But whenever he does he don't eat anything and is completely wasted..He also takes anxiety medication - celexa..Off late I have noticed that he trembles and is so scared and his body shivers. .I feel it is cognitive difficulty. Not sure if this is common but it definitely puts me completely in a panic mode..He has hurt himself pretty badly many times after drinking and also got a DUI recently..I don't let him drive anymore for his safety . .He is US born and comes from a broken family also his upbringing was rough so I try to be as much understanding and patience with him..But then I see his alcohol issue is draining me mentally emotionally and also financially...About me I come from a conservative Indian background and have never had alcohol in life and haven't seen anyone in my family having alcohol..All these seems so overwhelming for me but I wanna help him and have a happy life with him... I am thinking of the below options:-.a) Request him to start going to AA (Might be hard to start but think is the best option). I will also accompany him..b) Take him to Dr and get medication..I got to know from him Mom that he was taking Antabuse couple of years back. But my partner says it gives him seizures.. Not sure which medication is good - Antabuse Vivitrol or Campral..I do not want to harm him physically or emotionally in the process of helping him...Lastly I wanna take care of myself too. I don't want to leave him but at the same time I don't want to break myself in this struggle...Thanks.#
----------immediate responses--------

Unfortunately forcing someone to go to AA or treatment won't work. He has to want to quit for it to work. Al-anon is for people who have loved ones that are alcoholics. You can find support in your situation here: https://al-anon.org/ and https://www.reddit.com/r/AlAnon/
Any efforts to get me to change before I was ready resulted in my drinking more than before.   I second the recommendation of AlAnon.
Third vote for Al-anon. There they talk about the three C's for loved ones of alcoholics: you didn't cause it; you can't control it and you can't cure it. Sometimes the possibility of losing a relationship is enough to make an alcoholic want to stop drinking sometimes it's not. But the key is that the desire to stop drinking must come from the alcoholic himself. Nothing else matters.
I don't know if asking him to go to AA is the best course of action. If my significant other suggested it I wouldn't have taken it very well even if I knew it was the best thing for me. ..The folks over in r/alanon may be able to better advise you. 
