-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kinmy/revisiting_rock_bottom/

I was off the sober wagon for about three months. Hopping back on today...I don't remember who called the police out of concern for me last night. I don't remember vomiting in the street. I don't remember being taken to the hospital. The several hours spent in the hospital are almost entirely blacked out. My BAC was 0.30 and I had markers of cocaine use from the night before. ..The friend who stayed with me at the hospital remarked at the beginning of the night that I hadn't had an episode since I began drinking again. It's true that I had  moderated  well for a while but it only took a few months to slip back to near rock-bottom. I'm so embarrassed and tired of being  that  friend. Having a reputation as someone who parties hard is one of the most shameful aspects of my drinking. The lack of self-respect I project when I drink teaches others how to treat me. ..Alcoholism is for me a symptom of deep-seated self-hatred. Therapy has provided some insights to my behavior but where I struggle most is the repeated willpower to make healthy choices. I have a long road ahead of me but I'm grateful that it's not too late to change. I have so many dreams and goals yet to be achieved and alcohol will only hinder my growth...Thanks for being such a supportive community. I will not drink with you today..
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you made it through! Stay strong!
You got this buddy! I know all to well being "that" friend but you realized your mistakes and are growing from them. One day at a time. I won't be having a drink for you tonight. Stay strong!
I have also been that friend one too many times. Glad you're okay. I will not drink with you today.
I know everyday I am one sip away from a bender that could last weeks or months. IWNDWYT
Been off and on myself. Good luck to you glad you ended up okay after last night. 
'The lack of self respect I project teaches others how to treat me.' Exactly. I feel the same way. I will not drink with you today.
I know how you feelas I have been there many times. It has taken a DUI (2nd) to propel me on to the sober track. After 21 days the inner resources are slowly filling up and hope and acceptance of myself as a flawed human (but someone  worthy of saving) is growing. I wish the same for you..very best of luck.
I hate being that friend.  I'm giving some of my friends a break until I have some sobriety behind me. Or maybe they were giving me a break?  I just know there's space there and its partly why I decided enough is enough...I will not drink with you today. 
You aren't alone in being "That person" I'm rooting for you.
For me Alcohol was a symptom not the solution. I've hit rock bottom many times. The result of taking that first drink. I know today that I can't moderate. My drinking career is over. What drove me to drink was anger fear depression and low self esteem. I always felt less than not apart of. Alcohol gave me the false sense on both accounts. Just don't drink today this hour this minute. 
Glad you're ok all things considered. Make this your reason and vivid memory for not relapsing or thinking that you can moderate. 
My attitude really changed when I went back to the reason why I drank in the first place: to have *fun*. I realized that I was always chasing the dragon. That I was romantically tied to the experiences I had at the beginning of my drinking career - being young free exploring all the new things the thrills and making friends. I wasn't getting that from alcohol anymore. I recognized that booze was actually keeping me from those experiences. ..The shame hangovers and all the bullshit aren't *fun*. The fun comes with exploration having new experiences meeting new friends enjoying popularity seeing new sights having a sense of achievement that comes from taking care of my shit having a great career and being respected by people because I'm capable of respecting myself and others in kind. THESE things are *fun*. They're *interesting*. They're *motivating*. ..Circling the drain of depression self-harm ideation suffering the humiliation of my antics and just *the physical toll of hangovers*... that shit isn't fun. My real motivation is FUN now and now that I know that booze can't offer me the awesome fun time I want I've lost interest. ..Imagine dating someone you've known pretty much your whole life. You date them because they're around they're available and you're bored. This person has a terrible reputation has fucked you over before fucked over your friends and creates a lot of needless drama. At first it's cool to date them you have a few fun times and you spare yourself the burden of being bored for a few hours. Those good times are hard to remember but you think they're there. But then you bring your date to parties particularly people you want to impress and be friends with. And your date goes crazy. Your date embarrasses you in front of everyone and says shit you know you can't take back. Your date takes your phone and posts dumb shit all over social media through your account. They text incoherent ramblings to your friends. You drive them home and there's a good chance that you would have been arrested or hurt someone mostly because it's hard to steer the car while they're trying to take over the steering wheel. And on top of that you get home and your date kicks your ass. Bludgeons you upside the head kicks you in the stomach til you throw up and makes you an emotional mess. You then have to go around with apologies and excuses for your date's behavior. It's just no fun to date someone like this and alcohol is no different. 
22 days.I drank heavy just about everyday for almost 13 years. Ive picked up a bit of a sweet tooth but It doesnt give me a hangover! I convinced my self I would have a drink untill my birthday which is in 1 1/2 week. But now I feel like why ruin my birthday being drunk.I think I will pass. I wont drink today or on my birthday! 
You must be in pretty rough shape right now. :(. Sorry to hear that. But with each passing day you will improve and feel better. Harder still when you feel so back to normal that you might even want drink again! Anyway hang in there! 
