-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kjl6c/reality_is_subjective/

As I celebrated turning 38 the other day with my fiance I thought a lot about my three weeks of sobriety and my commitment to take each day completely sober. That sobriety is still fragile and will be every single day this planet is graced with my presence. ..The hardest part of my struggle (as I am sure it is with many) is socializing. I thought of all of the people through the years that I knew our bond was forged and maintained through a mutual love of alcohol and little else. Alcohol turned me from an anxiety ridden outlier to the life of the party. The more I drank the more my real self faded from existence. The hangovers the drunken weekends the years of excess that all blurred together formed a completely new person. It never seemed strange. Everyone I knew did the same thing so 4-6 nights a week at the bar seemed normal. "Road Sodas" were a way of life. Hangovers were something we joked about on IMs after a crazy night out. ..Then I really started thinking. Was I this anxiety-ridden outlier after all? I know that I convinced myself that I was and that it would be what I returned to if I ever failed to keep the party going. ..What do I really remember? Then it suddenly dawned on me. I read a lot. I listened to music. I felt bored sometimes. Great things happened. Shitty things happened. Life was manageable  though and I was able to do so much more than constantly think about when I was going to drink again. I miss having that inherent freedom and not being shackled to a bottle. ..When I was drunk I was a great writer that never wrote a sentence. I was a funny guy but my humor was little more than irreverent verbal abuse. I was the life of the party until I couldn't get another drink or completely blacked out. And the ironic part is that none of this was real. It was all a completely affected reality and only existed in my own mind all fueled by external substances. ..Those natural highs from accomplishing something through struggle faded away until they ceased to exist along with my authentic self which I subconsciously hated.  Why else would I bludgeon it to death with alcohol until it completely submitted and disappeared?..My drinking problem was only one of many that I now must face. It didn't matter that I completely forgot how to live but it matters to me now. I will make new friends. I will read books and be bored sometimes again. It will be tough getting there but that's where I'm going. ....
----------immediate responses--------

This is deep.  This is really good.  Thank you for writing this so well      
Amazing post. Completely understand your perspective. Will be turning 30 sober in a couple weeks and it will be the first birthday I don't spent blacked out or being the life of the party. I won't drink with you today! 
[removed]
Thanks for writing this - it's wonderful. Today was one of those days where I think -- well was I ever really that bad? - and then I get onto this sub and identify completely with something and realise that - yes it was that bad and I belong here. Well done. 
hey you. thanks for writing this. and congrats on your new found freedom. chase it relish it. and come back and write about it. i forgot how to live too but relearning is so much better than continuing in clouded darkness.
&gt;It was all a completely affected reality and only existed in my own mind all fueled by external substances..Great Work!  Inspiring!..&gt;didn't matter that I completely forgot how to live but it matters to me now. I will make new friends. I will read books and be bored sometimes again. It will be tough getting there but that's where I'm going...The signs of a Spiritual Warrior !!
&gt; When I was drunk I was a great writer that never wrote a sentence. ..Lol! Hello me. I had (have) a natural knack for writing. But 30 years of neglect has had its expected effect. I can't become good at something if all I do is fantasize about it. I recently realized and accepted that I am no longer a good writer.
Right on man this really strikes home.Excellent post... With a few tweaks this is basically my story as well. 
I am 36 and can totally relate to this.  Great post and thanks for sharing.  This reminds me a lot of myself my friends and social life the past 20 years.  Good on ya pal and best of luck.
Good for you. I can really relate to the part about the bond being love of alcohol. Part of my personal struggle is that my SO who I love so much it's ridiculous really is also a drinker. I keep relapsing to drink with him. At least that's the convenient excuse I'm using. ..I'm back on the wagon today though. I will not drink with you today.
