-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kl8zo/relapse_again/

Hi all..Had a bing drinking bonanza this saturday. Could not stop drinking. Barely remember anything. Realise I hurt the ones I love around me with my drinking. Never felt so bad for myself and my family. I have a Wife and two kids. .In my alchol fuede I was hitting on a friends wife. Dont know why I did it. That person was not me and thats scary. .I have alot to talk about with my wife she knows everything that I did. Gonna try to patch things up and start again. Hoping I will remain strong. Dont know how much more she can take... .Hoping for some words of encouragement in this depressing time. 
----------immediate responses--------

The good news is that you can permanently change your behavior.  You just have to want it bad enough.  ..When I truly in my head committed to becoming sober it "clicked."   I had tried twice before but somehow in the back of my mind I had thoughts of "moderating" or whatever.   ..I found it vital to have a plan.  I'd encourage you to do the same whether it be AA rehab another recovery program etc. but that's entirely up to you.  Im the sort of person that needs a guide.   ..It's OK to be depressed after your episode but when you snap out of it I bet you'll see the virtue in taking action.  ..I will not drink with you today.
The last time I got crazy drunk I chatted some guy up in a bar while me boyfriend sad cold-stone sober a few seats away. I thought I was being quiet. Patching that up the next day was a tough one. I definitely have a Jekyll and Hyde personality switch that drinking brings out. So I understand where you are coming from. I hope your wife understands that "drunk you" isn't you and that sober you will work to be better. 
I have done that so many times.  Those horrible behaviors while we are drunk.  You can quit you just have to work on it before you kill yourself or someone else which is what will happen eventually.  I can tell you that since quitting I have not been sick once and I don't make dumb decisions anymore. 
How did you guys tell the ones around you? Guessing theres a difference in telling family than just new people you meet. .The more people around you know it the more pressure I get. But thats good right?
