-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kmxpd/the_allinclusive_that_wasnt/

Hey gang- My husband and I planned to take our daughter on a trip to Cancun this week to celebrate her college graduation which has been five and a half years in the making. She has ADHD and college was a huge struggle for her. She worked nearly full time and dropped a lot of classes along the way but stuck with it and finally received her degree last Saturday...So... I was preparing myself for a week of mocktails and La Croix at the all-inclusive resort - already planning my tactics to resist the temptation of "just one" fruity umbrella-clad beach drink. But just as we were getting to the airport I asked my daughter for her passport and upon checking it discovered that it had expired! I totally forgot that passports issued to minors are only good for five years not the 10 years of a normal passport. We had driven 3 hours to get to the airport all of our bags packed with visions of sand volleyball and snorkeling and lazy afternoons on the beach dancing in our heads. I called the travel agent to see if there was any way we could make it work but there really wasn't. If we postponed the trip a few days to get an expensive rushed passport we'd miss Christmas with the family so we decided to cancel the trip losing about half of the cost of the trip...The only thing worse than being a teetotaler at an all-inclusive resort is NOT getting to be a teetotaler at an all-inclusive resort! I was so so disappointed. It was a long quiet drive home and I really wanted a drink while unpacking my sundresses and shorts. Oh and then a friend dropped by with a 12-pack of Corona beer to console me for the cancelled trip. I keep forgetting that not everyone knows I'm not drinking! So that added a rim of salt to my margarita of misery. ..But as frustrated as I was I realize this is a disappointment - not a tragedy. No one was hurt. Life will go on. And we will likely take the trip later if our finances allow...None of this mess needs to involve booze. It shows that I'm still working on my recovery to associate the canceled trip with alcohol. I didn't drink and pulled up my big girl pants and got back to work. I have a week to get stuff done and and no meetings or plans. It'll be nice to relax at home and get together with friends if I feel like it. Getting drunk would have made this a truly awful situation instead of a life lesson learned. Go check your passport!
----------immediate responses--------

Good job!! Overcoming the urge to drink during times of extreme disappointment is even harder than overcoming the urge to indulge one's routine drinking habits. You're an inspiration! I will not drink with you today.
&gt; None of this mess needs to involve booze...This is so true! And so easy to "forget". Thank you for the lesson!.
Oh wow what a complete bummer! But way to stay sober and keep your spirits high! A week off (even though it's beach free) sounds nice.
&gt; a rim of salt on my margarita of misery..That turn of phrase is fantastic! The mix-up sucks the loss of money hurts but your attitude and the lessons you draw are great.
My mum did something similar when I was a kid. We were going on a family holiday to Greece. The night before we are getting everything together when she announces she couldn't find her or my sister's passports. The passports never did turn up!..It's taught me to always check them well before going away now!
Good job.  I made this mistake with my son last summer...he was playing college summer ball and was headed for a series in Canada and realized the day before they left (thankfully) that his passport had expired *the week before*!  ..So now take that half-refund and do something fun for her on this side of the border.  Congratulations to both of you for your fortitude!
Cancelled plans are a huge trigger for me never could figure out why. But I like your attitude all the same and your resolve to stay the course...Surely you would have been pampered a bit on your trip any chance you could schedule a spa day with the family to get some relaxation time in while still close to home?
proud of you!!!! 
