-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kmztd/struggling_with_social_identity_vs_sobriety_input/

In such a rut trying to go sober....My brother will call me up and ask if I want to do flaming Dr. Peppers and Call of Duty...My sister says she's only in town a couple days and wants to put on our ritual beer pong tournament...My coworkers are appreciative of the help and say they'll buy me a couple rounds at the bar across the street...... whatever it is. I'm an idiot. I say yes. I trick myself into really thinking I can drink for this one thing and *then* get sober. And it's always just the first night of a long series of drunken regretful days. When I'm by myself I can find creative outlets and direct my energy to something good. But around others... they know who I've been; I can't find myself anymore...How do I break the routine of other people expecting me to be drunk?
----------immediate responses--------

For me it's just one of those things that takes time. After saying "no" enough times the people around me start to get it. My social identity has been slowly evolving. It's not a switch you can turn off -- nothing makes one's social identity as a drinker disappear just like that. But over time the decisions not to drink accumulate. More people start to realize you're serious. And one day you're out with people and it's not even a question anymore. You know you're not going to drink. Others don't care. Life goes on...That said a big part of getting to that point (and I don't claim to be there 100%; I have some serious challenges coming up over the holidays) is knowing when to say "no" to an activity. In the first few weeks I had to avoid places where people were drinking. I had to avoid my drinking buddies. And even now before going anywhere where drinks are available I need to check in with myself. I need to make sure I'm emotionally able to deal with it. I need to make a plan and stick to it. I plan when to arrive what to drink how to respond to any questions about my beverage choices and when to call it a night and leave. Tiredness can make me want to drink. Social discomfort can make me want to drink. Hunger can make me want to drink. I need to prepare for all of these things and have a plan in place to address them...So the biggest things for me are: (i) check in and make sure I have the resolve to not drink if temptation is present and (ii) plan plan plan. Going into a situation and hoping for the best is a surefire way to give in and drink.
Oh man that is the question of my life right now.  People texting from the brewery wondering where I am. Friends expecting to have beers in the parking lot during our kids' sports.  UGH I don't want to be that person anymore. I wish I had great advice to give but I'm also taking it day by day. I'm kind of at the point to be ready to just tell people I'm on an indefinite hiatus take me or leave me.
&gt;how do I break the routine of other people expecting me to be drunk?..Here's some freeing news:  you have no control over other people's expectations...What I have control over is my next decision...I choose to forgo just one drink today- The First One...By being sober over time people start associating me as sober.  That still won't affect their expectations...I got some good advice early in:  dry people and dry places ...I observed that until I hardwired my sobriety...What helped was going to meetings.  Everyone was sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help me be sober!
Drinking was also a large part of my identity and relationships with others...It turns out that that's because people thought that was a way to bond with me. I made the choice for me and my life that I was done drinking. You can maintain your relationships in other ways: the booze is not the important part for the relationships that matter...
