-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7knta6/long_time_lurker_first_time_poster/

I found this sub-reddit about a year ago and have been struggling with my own substance abuse for going on now for maybe about 8 years.  Finally made an account and decided it might help to post up each day with the daily check-in and try to get myself together (again). ..I have been running through the same cycle it seems for the better part of the 4 years now which is when I first was honest with myself that I was using alcohol as a crutch and an escape in a very unhealthy way. Most of the time I eat healthy workout spend time with family and friends hold down a good job take care of my dog and have all of the opportunities in the world to be happy. ..But I never seem to be able to figure out that last one - being happy. And so work gets tough and I start getting down. I get reclusive and don't socialize and feed into it. My OCD makes me cling to my routines for a false sense of control and I begin to spin out of control. And then to cope I buy a 6 pack of 9% ABV beer. And maybe Monday and Tuesday of a given week I only have one each night. Then Wednesday rolls around. I drink the other 4 in one shot. Thursday hungover I move to Gin and blow through a 5th in a day or two by Friday. ..Then it's the weekend! And to avoid that awful hangover and withdrawal that I most folks here are familiar with maybe another 5th for the weekend maybe a case of high ABV beer. Usually both. ..This is what I've now started to call "the rabbit hole". I know my limits but as soon as I'm too far down that hole I stop caring and I just keep going. All consequences are so far away from my mind; I forget all about them. The human brain has a funny way of filtering out all the bad associations with addiction and focusing in on that warm relaxing anxiety reducing happy high as the bottles start to pile up in my kitchen...By Sunday night if I'm lucky I can get my head straight that I either need to stop drinking or I run out (usually the latter). Monday comes and I call out of work.  And so do the chills the shakes upper right abdominal pain elevated heart rate auditory hallucinations (everything is sharp just a bit off how it should normally sound) bowel issues back pain feelings of fog and confusion and zero appetite. Even water doesn't go down easily. And so I try to hide at home working remotely chugging water on the hour trying to re-hydrate slowly drinking protein shakes vitamins and supplements trying to get myself back to normal physiological function. ..And then I do the math for the weekend for one reason or another and see I'm close to consuming 30 drinks a day for a 2-3 day period which scares me. Terrifies me. And then I call my therapist that I stopped seeing to try and make another appointment. I make a doctor's appointment. I reset my quitting app and try to get myself up for success to be sober once again. But the withdrawal gets worse each time and there's 50/50 chance I make my appointments or make any real or lasting changes. ..Telling myself I can modulate. That I'm in control. But clearly I can't. ..I always do bad things to myself. I'm wasting my life away drinking watching bad TV alone eating terrible delivery food - my weekends totally wasted. My job is on the line my family and friends can only try to help me so much before I have to help myself and my dog depends on me to take care of and provide for her. ..But I want to be well. Who I am when I drink isn't me and it's not who I want to be. It's hard to admit but when I disappear down that rabbit hole someone else is home. And it's not the person that I am. I know this doesn't have to be my life but I have to choose. ..Today I choose to not be that person anymore to take back control in my life (if you can call it that) to pledge to no longer run away from the world down the bottle. ..And I will join in with everyone here - I will not drink with you all today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 1 day. The last days of your drinking sound like the last days of mine - the "rabbit hole" can be a lonely place and my world at the end was very small. Have you given much thought to what your sobriety support system looks like? I know for me at least that after many attempts at quitting what changed this time round was realising I couldn't possibly climb out of the rabbit hole alone.
[removed]
I am so happy you're here      I am very pleased not to drink with you today. 
