-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kr47r/i_almost_made_a_major_mistake/

I have to buy alcohol for my parents every night. Usually a pint...I saw a bucket of chocolates at the counter and thought it was a festive treat. Ive been eating chocolate lately so I bought two of them for myself...I walked outside. Popped one in my mouth and felt a trickle of liqour start down my throat that I immediately hacked up and spit onto the sidewalk. Jose quervo chocolates...I dont think this counts as a relapse but now I know how disgusted with myself I would be if I did. The disappointment I felt afterward for letting alcohol touch my lips was like all of my strength being thrown in the toilet...Stay based
----------immediate responses--------

1) I don't think that qualifies as a relapse.....2) Who the hell would want tequila chocolate? That sounds disgusting on so many levels
You're totally fine! That definitely doesn't count it was an honest mistake. Good job and iwndwyt! 
Apparently people do weird stuff to chocolates and cookies at Xmas-time :/  That wouldn't be a relapse in my book but sounds like you had a  healthy enough reaction!..Just curious: why do you *have* to buy a pint of booze for your parents every night?
I'm pretty sure if the only alcohol available in the world was tequila chocolates I never would have had this problem.  Just sayin     
That doesn't count. For the record I'm still going to be eating steak and ale pies. They're beautiful. 
Definitely not counting that as alcohol consumption. You also spat it out in disgust as a natural reaction. If you'd devoured it and loved it then maybe you could beat yourself up over it but no move on
Not a big deal but as a former drinker I no longer buy booze for people. 
I got a vodka chocolate by mistake just under a year ago. Imported from Russia apparently. So the Russians infiltrated my sobriety.   And then some sort of unknown liquor in a chocolate mousse this past Thanksgiving.  No sign or menu note to mention it. Took me by surprise.  Live and learn or maybe life is like a box of chocolates. In my mind no need to reset if it was not deliberate and I had no reason to suspect that alcohol was present. Sober on. 
