-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7kun6w/extended_anxiety_post_drinking/

I think I am getting to a point where I can't tell where the hangover ends and the anxiety lingers.  I had last drink Sunday and was admittedly already sleep deprived but I am not back to normal yet..I am impatient tired and crabby.  I am feeling incapable of handling the holidays committing to social engagements and keeping up with work at the same time.  I wish I had not drank this past weekend if for no other reason than to see if I would still be feeling this fragile..I feel stronger socially and professionally when I have had a break of a week or longer.  My longest break so far has been 45 days this fall..I guess I am just trying to figure out if my "recovery" from drinking episodes is requiring more time as my tolerance has dropped or if there is just so much going on that I am and would still be on edge anyway..I hate the look of my low badge count and what it means..This is an incoherent rant to most I'm guessing but I do know that drinking won't fix how I'm feeling. I hope that anyone else struggling with the stress of holidays or anything else is able to find some inner stability and peace and will bring me with them..I will not drink with you all today and thanks for being here for me this week..
----------immediate responses--------

You have a lot of time on your belt so I don't know how much this helps but it takes 10 days for alcohol to clear the system. I noticed my anxiety lessened considerably after a month. 
With each relapse I had significantly worse anxiety.  They talk about the kindling effect on here.  I googled it and I think that is what happened to me.  After reading about it I definitely don't want to relapse again because the anxiety is horrible.  I can't imagine it getting worse.  Well I'm sober so at least that's been an awesome motivator.  The anxiety will get better but man that first week is rough!  Be kind to yourself the holidays will always work themselves out.  
I don't remember when the hangovers turned into the extreme anxiety I feel now when I drink but it is definitely progressive.  The anxiety and lack of sleep combined really makes for a bad time.  I try to use the anxiety as my  fast forward  when I feel like I need a drink.  
