-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7l0n3x/day_15_met_my_future_self/

I saw a lady at work today who had really wrecked herself physically with alcohol and she was in such denial and expecting me to judge her evasive and also she did have a lot to deal with in her life but I knew from my own experience that it would be so much easier to deal with without alcohol to make every thing so much harder. I definitely thought-that could be me.  Hope I was able to help her and treat her with compassion and dignity.  ..But I didn't tell her of my struggles. The same embarrassment she has...And later on this hot day I had the thought a chilled glass of white wine would be lovely right now...This is why I post my boring ass updates here every day. Vigilance ..
----------immediate responses--------

My coworker mentioned about a glass of whiskey on the rock and it triggered me big time! Heading to gym to work that out. IWNDWYT!
Vigilance and you are helping others myself included. Thanks for posting I will not drink with you today.
Vigilance!  Love seeing your vigilant posts!
I don't want to be drunk I don't enjoy the taste anymore I don't want the fallout I don't wan to be hung over but yet every so often the thought still pops up:..&gt;a chilled glass of white wine would be lovely right now...It's crazy.
I too love seeing your posts. Thank you. Keep rocking your truth. You make us stronger. I will not drink with you today. Peace. 
Ever forward!  Your updates are not boring.  
Vigilance is the key word. It's so important for me to remind myself - "Drinking is NOT worth it!".
Alcohol really does a number not just on us emotionally and spiritually ( wrecks both) but especially physically. Some people can drink daily for like 30+ years and some can drink for like 4+ and then get liver failure. It's a hit or miss but for me I know It would wreck my quick. If I drink daily for even like 6 days I'll go bloated as a bee and just physically barely function it's really bad. At the same time I know people who can chug like 2 bottles of vodka drink a few bottles of water and next day be good by like 1 p.m. To each his own
Hi vinonono!  I like that life keeps presenting us with reminders about **why** we are doing this good work.  Real life rocks! 
|also she did have a lot to deal with in her life |..Sobriety has taught me to stop fighting everything all the time. After a while I found I had a lot less to "deal" with. Here's hoping your friend can take inspiration from watching your life get better and ask you how you did it. Cheers
Good updates! It's working.
As much as that next drink sounds I remember how horrible the last one made me feel. I will not drink with you today!
Keep posting! That is what we are here for :) and well done all around :)
