-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7l4e58/when_you_have_it_all/

...and you're always drunk you have nothing. ..That isn't some earth-shattering insight but it hits home for me. I get motivation on here from folks who are young professionals struggling with the same things. And I also get motivation from the absolute horror stories I read. So here is mine. ..I am going down this road of sobriety yet again. The second time since 2015. Trying to to pass the day and decided to look up some numbers. I am in the 99th percentile for my age financially. It was a shock because I am flat broke. I started doing the math looking over my financial statements and I have been blowing roughly $2000 a month on drinking at home going out drunk-spending etc. It's been this way for the last 5 years. I figure that's about $120000 give or take. I'm absolutely floored. ..But what's even worse than my finances is the personal side of this terrible life-sucking addiction. I have lost 3 beautiful women that I know would have married me. Who would have done anything for me especially looking back at how terrible I was when they stuck it out. Who would want to stay with some giant POS who gets drunk and turns into a degrading manipulative unreliable sometimes violent self-centered asshole? I've managed to stay drunk enough to flirt with girl after girl in order to move on from the last one without looking at the real problem. It's time to sober up buddy (talking to myself here). ..I've grabbed them when I was blackout and don't remember it. Which left bruises. I've cussed them. I've said some of the meanest most vile shit that I know would hurt them the worst bc I was hurting from being drunk all of the time. You can't take that stuff back. I had the cops pull me over arguing with one so bad driving down the road and had to take a two hour cab ride back so I didn't go to jail. Someone saw us and called it in. I've probably damaged some of them emotionally. What a fucking dick. This is not who I am....this is who I am when I'm drunk. I wish I could tell them how sorry I am and have them actually believe it this time. ..I've driven drunk hundreds of times. I'm talking blackout wake up with my car door open beer can sitting on the roof drunk. I actually got pulled over by two cops at 4 in the morning once so drunk I couldn't find my insurance papers passed a sobriety test pissed in the bed that night once I got home and did it again the very next night. I've started a 6 hour drive several times with a case of beer right out of the gate. Getting a DUI would end my career. Why in the HELL would I risk that?! ..I've had unprotected sex several times. I've gotten into fights. I've punched holes in the walls. I've broken two Apple computers. I shot a hole in the floor with my 45. I also had my finger on the trigger with that same 45 pointed at my head. The only reason I didn't is because of my mom. I've gotten a restraining order put on me. I've cussed family members and my best friend. I could probably keep going if I tried but I think you all see that it's just the same old song and dance as the rest of you all...if not worse. ..I've done it all except get a DUI go to jail possibly kill someone or myself or lose my job. How - I couldn't tell you. It's coming if I don't stop and it is terrifying to think about. If you met me you would never believe it. I've hidden it very well with the exception of those girls who know the real drunken monster I can be. People ask me all of the time why I'm not married bc  I'm so young and good looking and have everything going for me.  This is not me this is not the life I want to live and I just can't keep doing this anymore. Nobody is above this devil in a bottle regardless of your financial situation family background or however smart you claim to be. ..Life shouldn't be lived in numbness or anger. You get one shot. Make it count. Day two. Heading to the gym. IWNDWYT...P.S.: Corey Smith - The bottle (for me when I come back and read over this down the road)
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT
One step at a time...You never have to feel this way again...I went to a meeting and found people who were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help me get sober...I've never been happier...What do you want for yourself?
Brutal honesty is the first step. ..IWNDWYT 
I will remember you in my prayers
Needed to read this today. Congrats think I'm going to go to the gym as well. Iwndwyt
I know an investment banker who makes 7 figures has a beautiful wife and two darling kids. He did go to jail one night for drunken threats (domestic violence). Was able to keep his job only by going to rehab but now he is 3 years sober. He was lucky he didn't blow up his entire life but it was damn close. 
Yea I can believe it. If that guys story doesn't tell you something I don't know what does. Anyone is vulnerable. When you don't have to check your bank account before you go buy alcohol I think it's even more tempting to indulge. ..Day 3 today! Man it feels good to be able to drink my coffee and not feel sick! IWNDWYT
