-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7latp3/update_the_story_so_far/

It has been a long week. I have been working both of my jobs everyday this week 16 hour days. I am exhausted my body hurts (my 2nd job is very physical) I miss my family stressing a bit about the upcoming holidays but with all of that- I still feel grateful. I'm sober. Me. Finally. Sober. And get this- it doesn't suck...I am almost at 2 months (Christmas eve will be my two star day!) and still seeing benefits of not drinking. So for those of you that are thinking about giving up drinking let me just add a few benefits that I have seen over the first 2 months..1) Not hungover and feeling like death was one of the first benefits my last hangover lasted 2 days..2) Digestion issues have definitely gotten better- I would say I've still got some way to go in this area but cleaning up my diet is probably the culprit here. Booze created a lot of havoc and its taken about 2 months for things to get noticeably better...3) My skin has gotten better. I was dealing with some really weird dry itchy skin patch under one of my eyes for like the last 6 months or so- after about a month of sobriety it disappeared completely and has not been back...4) Anxiety. I am not drinking and taking my meds regularly and as prescribed. I havent had a panic attack since quitting. My panic attacks had gotten so bad that I often times felt like I would pass out and even did pass out once in August. The panic attack that happened in August caused me to fall and smash my face and resulted in stitches. This panic attack was a direct result of my drinking...5) Sleep. I love sleep now. I used to hate it. Would stay in the bottle all night to avoid it. Sleep felt like a failure before. It got in the way of my drinking. Now when Im tired I go to bed. I can get comfortable and I feel peaceful. ..6) Job performance. Honestly I have still struggled in this area in early sobriety. Being sober early on takes up a lot of time and energy so I tried to be kind to myself. I have good days and not so good days but all of them are better than when I was in the office hungover. Some days I feel like I have little tiny break through moments that are building. It takes a while to get the momentum back..7) Finding me. The prospect of sobriety scared me so deeply at the beginning. Primarily because I felt like alcohol defined me and who I was- it was part of my identity. I couldn't imagine myself without alcohol. Alcohol took up so much of my life I didnt have time for anything else. Since quitting I have been playing music more I have played my guitar more in the last 57 days than I have in the last 10 years combined. I started drawing again. I started reading and going to the library and taking my kids with me. I did some wood working my first two weekends of sobriety I needed something to distract me from drinking- so I built a desk for my sons room. It kept my hands and my mind busy and also resulted in something that was tangible and gratifying. I have been writing journaling nearly everyday. I have also been honest in my journals. For a long time I would not even be honest in my journal writing because I didn't want my alcohol problems to be my legacy. Finally I told myself if I couldnt be honest in my journal to myself there was no way I could be honest with anyone else. Seems weird but that was a big step for me...8) Relationships. I feel a deeper connection with my wife. I have finally been honest with her about my struggles with alcohol. It was something deep and painful I shared with her and she has been so supportive and tells me that she is proud of me. Its given me an opportunity to look at my relationship with her in more reflective terms because I am not impaired by alcohol. Our relationship is beautiful we have been through so much together and she is literally my best and closest friend. I still laugh with her like we did we were dating. My relationship with my kids has improved as well. When my kids were stressing me out before I retreated from them and drank. Now I can engage with them correct their behavior and we can have fun and enjoy ourselves. Because I am not drinking I find I am more out going and willing to explore new activities with them...As we head into this holiday season I know alot of you are concerned about the possibility of falling back into old habits. I think that a nice whiskey on the rocks would taste so good on Christmas eve and maybe it would but I know that story doesnt stop there with that one drink. ..It didnt last Christmas eve. I drank almost a whole bottle of Jameson and then drove to the gas station drunk to get cigarettes. Had to come home and put the kids gifts under the tree I was so drunk I was hardly any help to my wife. The next morning I was hungover and don't really remember the kids opening their gifts. I dont want that again this year...So this year I choose sobriety. I want it more than I want alcohol. So friends thank you. Choose sobriety with me this year. You'll be happy you did promise.
----------immediate responses--------

This is so inspiring thank you for sharing! I have also noticed how better I am connecting with my wife and children now that I am sober (I did the same thing of retreating and drinking when getting stressed out from parenting which was all the time). There are still tough days but I feel the light is starting to break through and I can for the first time really start to enjoy being a parent. ..I will not drink with you today!
Choosing sobriety and not drinking with you today!  Or tomorrow!
That's an awesome list Jonah. I can check off quite a few of those too. Thank you for sharing :-) I will not drink with you today and not over Christmas :-)
Very inspiring.  I choose sobriety along with you. Thanks for sharing.
so so great! thanks for sharing.
You sound really sorted. Early days for me and it's posts like this that really do inspire me 
