-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lejll/at_the_edge_of_the_cliff/

Can't stay at the edge forever. You must either jump or walk away. That's the root of all decisions. ..High stress job lots of hours extremely rough marriage (included in that is multiple job layoffs and a daughter with a rare form of cancer)...I drank a bit to get over it. To "get through" it. My wife knew I was having 3-4 beers a night. Sometimes more but it was basically every night. ..A few months back I bought a bottle of vodka and hid it. I'd take a pull off it when I was walking the dog. That led to another. And another. I missed the opportunity to get the bottles in garbage bags and out to the street on garbage day so I had four of them outside on my deck. ..My dad died a few weeks ago and I guess I sort of took it out on myself. I got a tad crazy. Decided "I'm hurting so I'm going to hurt myself more because IDGAF. Instead of sneaking that pull or two before and after taking the dog out I took five or six - that I remembered at least. Had to be much more than that many nights. Blacked out much of this month with some days spent feeling like death from a hangover I knew would only be cured by more booze. ..Eventually the game became more how early I could sneak a few shots in. I covered it up with my usual three beers but I was messed up enough no one could think that's all I had. Wife came home and got pissed at me for not cleaning something up (I'm depressed over the shock of my dad's death and am struggling to do much of anything except drink). I went way overboard and we started yelling at each other. She stopped and looked at me then turned around. ..I knew right where she was going. My not-so-well-hidden IDGAF stash of empties. She found it and "angry" probably doesn't do justice to her reaction. ..We talked over the next two days and I think we've made peace with it. I've already cycled through the shame complete with the infantile "you got caught cuz you were stupid and here's how I won't get caught in the future" bit. ..I'm done with it for at least tonight. ..I did take one more pull off my last bottle last night poured the rest out and proceeded to have the worst night's sleep I've had since sitting upright in a hospital bed with my kid. I have no booze in the house I could easily get some but I'm not. I'm just sitting here not looking forward to another restless night while trying to take comfort in reading the positive and encouraging responses from so many people who have felt like and might even be feeling like me right now. ..So that's me (sort of this is a junk account mainly used for my penchant to play mobile games (   )...Hope I followed the rules here and hope everyone is OK with the fact I won't drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry about your dad. I wish I had brilliant words of comfort for you but all I can say is someone is here who read your story and sending you thoughts of peace. I won't drink with you tonight. 
Absolutely OK with that! Ride out the crappy sleep tonight... it only gets better from here!   I won't drink with you tonight!
Welcome.
I enjoyed reading your story.
Glad you're here and that you shared. ..I'm sorry that you have to go through this but we're here for you...I will happily not drink with you tonight or tomorrow or tomorrow night etc.
I can totally relate to the progressive nature of what you are experiencing.  Same thing happened to me - drinking earlier and earlier in the day hiding vodka everywhere.  The shame.  Just know you are so not alone in the struggle and the first step to getting safely off the edge of the cliff is to be honest.  I know because that is what I need too.  
