-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lttrr/i_wish_deciding_to_quit_during_the_holidays_wasnt/

First time posting here. I don't have anyone to talk to about this so I figured at least getting out how I feel into the world would help...I see my friend's Snapchat videos of them getting drunk and having a blast while I'm home alone in my bed. My boyfriend went home to see his family for the week and I keep hearing about all of their exciting drunken stories that I'm missing out on. Ill be working 12+ hours Christmas Eve and Christmas Day so I won't even have any human interaction for the holidays since I work from home...I feel really depressed and alone which just makes me want to drink when then also makes me realize how dependent I've been on alcohol. I know the decision I'm making is a good one but jeez I did not think it would be this hard. I guess because it's so hard means I actually have a problem right? I don't know...On the bright side I've gotten back into hiking which is my all time favorite hobby and have done some form of exercise during all 9 days of my sobriety :) I want to feel good again both mentally and physically so I really hope sobriety helps me get there. I guess we will see...Edit: Thank you so much for your kind words. I was really struggling last night and wanting to break my sobriety but your comments helped me add another sober day to my belt. I know it'll have its ups and downs but it feels really wonderful knowing that there are people out there who care and are there to listen. I look forward to becoming more active in this sub and getting to know you all :)
----------immediate responses--------

This is such a good step to take. I'm feeling the loneliness as well but we have friends here. It is a tough journey but it is worth it 100%. 
Being lonely sucks. But being miserable and hungover and lonely is worse. Keep it up. You're doing the right thing. If you keep doing the right thing good shit will happen to you. It sounds weird and trite but it's true.
Those long days of work will be easier if you aren't hungover. I'm sorry you are feeling lonely but I'm so happy for you that you are getting so much exercise in. I haven't done any!! Lol
Once we stop drinking it takes time to get to know our sober self again to be comfortable with our sober self.  Exercise is great for calming your mind.  I also started reading more again and went see movies.  It is easy to romanticize the holiday drinking scene.  Everyone being merry and festive.  I don't fool myself anymore.  I always drank way too much couldn't remember what happened felt like shit the next day.  We are all spending the holidays together at SD. We wish you the very best and are proud of you.  
I was just writing out some things that might have been for you. Posted moments ago. Maybe it will help...Merry Christmas. :)
It's a year for me today. So I went through exactly what you're going through. ..It was rough at times but I found that spending a lot of time on here (especially the Daily Checkin) drinking lots of fizzy drinks eating lots of ice cream and reading  This Naked Mind  (free download in the sidebar) really helped. Lots of exercise was good too but I didn't get to that till later. ..Have a great Christmas we're all here with you. 
Anytime you want to moan/shout/cry/laugh or just chat shit holler and we'll be with you.
loneliness was and is always a trigger for me. I am alone too.just me for the holidays i work from home also and these days the gym is closed.i can understand you so much.stay strong
It sounds to me like you are looking at these things with the wrong mindset don't let snapchat and alcohol be your definition of having a blast. What are the drunken exciting stories you are missing out on? ..From your post I would say you are missing people more than alcohol do you not have any friends or family you can visit and do things that  doesn't involve drinking? If the answer to this is no then that should be something you should think about changing in 2018 if you are serious about giving up the booze...10 days is commendable and this is a notoriously difficult time of year to stay sober. Alcohol is virtually pushed on adults from all angles. But you have the power to say no so on that note well done on making 10 days and I won't drink with you today 
I've opted out of a few activities recently due to drinking and have been feeling the FOMO. It's a really shitty feeling but nothing compared to the guilt shame sadness and anger I feel when I'm hungover. Hang in there and Merry Christmas.
"I feel really depressed and alone which just makes me want to drink when then also makes me realize how dependent I've been on alcohol."..I've been right where you are so many times. And I'm definitely not out of the woods...a couple days ago I posted about cravings. But sometimes when I'm lucky I get this thought: *I do not want to need alcohol*. It scares me how much I think I need a substance to be fun sexy and likeable. I like to repeat in response: *I am enough.* We are enough as we are. We are enough. Repeat that.  
If you're lonely have you tried support groups? My AA group just had a great Christmas party with lots of food and jokes and there are dozens like it taking place all across the city. You'll be surprised at the people you meet!
This sounds like my Halloween/Thanksgiving. I didn't tell anyone I wasn't drinking so I only had SD to talk to about it. We are all here with you cheering you one. All I can say it that I'm glad I pushed through and now having developed some discipline to not drink I am developing discipline to exercise much more often and to not overeat during the holidays so I don't lose the progress I've made on my weight loss. Last night a friend came up to me and told me I look great and that she could tell I lost weight (and I have so it felt so good to hear that). ..I think it helps to admit that this year is an off Christmas but that you are doing something really special and important. 
I guess I could be drunk *and* lonely? ..Hang in there!
I understand how you feel. I've been home for a weeks now visiting family and friends for the holidays. All my buddies work and are busy  so I've had a lot of free time which turned into lonely nights that I filled with alcohol. I regret it. You're making the right decision drinking is overrated. Those snapchat stories only highlight the 'fun' parts of drinking and even then is it really that fun? I think you'll be much better without alcohol in the long run. Keep it up!
