-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lvvsk/6_months_and_some_changes/

It has been 6 months/half a year since my last drink. It feels like things moved fast after the first 3 months. I go days now without knowing how long it's been since my last drink. I have maybe three cravings/thoughts of drinking once a month so it's not something I think of often. A week ago I was driving and I thought of what I should do for New Years and I started thinking how fun it would be to get super drunk in my room alone...then I laughed and snapped out of it because that makes no sense to me now and it was my dumb brain taking over. ..Here are some changes I've experienced since I decided to be sober. Some of these changes are not positive yet...1: I am lot more health conscious now. I eat mostly veggies fruits grains legumes nuts and seeds and I care about what I put in my body...2: A month into not drinking and I got on antidepressants because I realized I was depressed and have been for a while and it was not ok to keep trying to push through something that I needed medical help for. ..3: I figured out that I wanted a career in education and that I needed to get my masters and also what masters program to apply to. Now I have to do the work of sending applications and figuring out how to pay for it. This is major because I have being beyond stressed about what I wanted to do since college...6 years ago. ..4. I realized I cannot smoke anymore. My body and mind hate it and I want out of this addiction. I am having the hardest time kicking this addiction though. It's more of a habit than drinking was and I needed it the first 3 months of being sober. I quit for 10 days or less than something will happen and I will either buy a pack and promise myself this will be the last pack or I'll bum one and then decided to start over again next week. It sucks. I haven't bought a pack for the last two weeks. I had a shitty day at work on Tuesday then I smoked a cig I got from a coworker and had to start over again. I am on day 5 today. I have all of next week off work so it should be easier to stay smoke free since after work cig is the cig I'm struggling with the most. I normally don't smoke during the day. .5. My life is more manageable lately. I have some bad days but I have come to enjoy my solitude and the mornings..6. I have decided to stay single and not date for a bit (maybe the whole year) because I'm really enjoying being by myself and only dealing with my issues. I don't know if I can handle being intimate with another person now...That's it for now. Hope you all enjoy the holidays and the new year!..IWNDWYT!.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome post.  We all have these feelings. I am almost @ 4 months. (4 more days) and slightly depressed as well. I literally talk myself through it most days.  Physically I have not been in this good of a shape in 5 years. Mentally I struggle. Alcohol rarely enters my mind. The playing the tape forward has been my biggest saving grace. Just the thought of waking up with my head splitting my stomach on fire my heart pounding through my chest the diahrea runny eyes etc keeps me from having that 1 drink. Which always turned into half a bottle. I love waking up energized and focused.  The depression is another story but I am working through it. Congratulations on 6 months! IWNDWYT 
This is great!  I have just started Allen Carr's the Easy Way to Stop Smoking.  We'll see if it works.. you never know.       good news is lovely to hear thank you for posting!  
Congrats on moving towards a new career! I'm in the same boat.  
Congrats and wishes for dropping smoking too.i ve been six months sober in the past.Without a cigarette not a single day in the last 25 years.but i will give it a try in the near future.Merry Xmas
I'm in the same boat as far as smoking goes although I'm a heavy smoker. In the past I've tried to quit both at the same time and I was a nervous wreck. This go round I'm quitting the drinking first and starting some good habits like working out keeping the house clean you know the normal shit non drinkers do. Then when I'm ready I'll quit smoking. I know that'll be tuff but I have to do it financially and for my health. 
Happy 6 months to you! 
These are some nice real changes and reflections ! Good luck with the smoking thing as well I'm sure little by little you'll make it out of that one as well. Don't be too hard on yourself when you "relapse" - maybe then one bummed cig won't lead to screw it might as well get  a pack now. Best of luck ! 
Thanks for posting some great realizations. IWNDWYT!
IWNDWYT 
