-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lyneb/its_christmas_cant_you_have_just_one/

I got that a lot last year this year not so much. ..Simple answer "no". ..The lie "I'm on this really great diet; no booze"..The honest answer. "no I can't actually I'm an alcoholic and I cannot stop at just one  God knows I have tried so no thank you". ..Low road; "would you offer heroin to a Junkie in recovery?"..Vague "no I can't" ..Full blast angry "look you A-hole you  know I'm an alcoholic/drunk and it took everything within my power to quit and now it only takes a sniff of alcohol to put me in full blown relapse and the abyss that follows. And one leads to two and then to too many so no I can't just have one. Please don't ever offer me a drink again thank you"..My go to answer. "I'd love to join you in a drink but unfortunately I'm just one of those people that cannot stop at just one  so I better not  thank you though. ..What ever your answer is just say no. You don't owe anybody an explanation it's your choice. A great choice in my opinion. ..Enjoy you Sober Christmas everyone. Merry Christmas..I will not drink with you today. ...William
----------immediate responses--------

thanks i needed this but really the only one offering me a drink is myself!
"I already had a couple" (two months ago).Merry Christmas!  ..
&gt;You don't owe anybody an explanation it's your choice...'Nuff said.
Oh ya I've had enough for a life time. 2 life times. 
Merry Christmas to you too.  I will remain sober with you in my sober house alone as well.
I'm not an alcoholic...I just love getting drunk...But I love feeling healthy and happy more these days. :)
I've already drank enough alcohol for 3 lifetimes. I'm good with water.
Personally I just tell people I don't drink. I've never had someone give me a hard time when I just say  No thanks I don't drink.  They don't need an explanation and I don't care to provide one. 
"No thanks I've had enough." (Enough being a whole ocean's worth of booze but not for a while now.)
I tell people it's the easiest diet I've ever been on (20 pounds and counting..) then I said it helped with my sleep. And now if people keep prodding I just tell them two of the most important reasons I quit. When I drink I'm kinda of an asshole. And life is short I have too many important things to do besides wasting my time drinking. Wishing all of y'all the merriest Christmas. NDWYT..
on sober Xmas number 3 and haven't been offered a single drink. Just had to successfully say  no' 400 or so times in a row to get this reward. 
I still like "I'm retired from drinking". Merry Christmas everyone!
It's so interesting how those around you panic if you stop. I've been offered alcohol 7 times in the last 24 hours directly and indirectly by well meaning family and friends.  After an explanation of my want to focus on my health to one of them it was offered again the next day!  For Christmas friends who know it isn't good for me gave me a six pack of beer as a gift! Regifted already but far out.  
Tonight my brother offered me a beer. I said no thanks I don't drink any more.  He asked why? I just said booze and I don't get along. That's all he needed to know and he got the gist. And that was that and it was a great evening.
My new favorite one when someone realizes I'm not drinking..Them - "WHY AREN'T YOU DRINKING??".Me- "No explanation.".Them- "You mean no reason?".Me- "No explanation".  *smiles walks away*.
It's a toughie in the festive season but good work staying strong :). 
I'm getting a lot of this lately. "You can have one now and then"...I think like you I need to have a go to answer for that question and also the related "so why aren't you drinking". 
I don't drink. Not much more to say. 
My neighbor is always offering me beer and I'm always telling him "No god damnit"!..Where was this guy during my drinking days?!
So cool. Congrats on 900. 
Happily retired. 
Misery loves company. 
Honestly everyone in my life **knows** I shouldn't drink. 
My go to "I don't drink my calories." For some reason it's acceptable to be completely vain about your weight but you are scum if you refuse a friendly drink (even if you are an alcoholic)
No thanks. I don't drink. Happy for you to booze on though.
 I have an allergic reaction to alcohol 
"Do you take red or white?".."Thanks but I don't drink".."Oh... Not even just with Christmas?".."No. Maybe down the line once ever but I feel better keeping my dry streak"..&lt;moves on to other person&gt; "Red or white?"..It's not a problem.
"no thanks im not drinking today."  ever again? "just not today smile"
I hope nobody pities me I certainly had my share through the years. 
