-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lzbld/christmas_day_my_gift_is_30_days_sober/

I'm traveling tomorrow so I won't be able to post my Huzzah 30 Days post but I wanted to write it down tonight because today was hard but I got through it without a drop of alcohol.  Holiday was hard on my youngest son... two houses of Christmas Eve celebrations and no nap... resulted in a Category 9 Meltdown at the end of the night at my In-Laws where I had to haul him into the car and take him for a drive to let him sleep.  ..On that spin around the block I contemplated how 1) wouldn't have been able to do that if I was drunk 2) a glass of wine was a dangling object as a 'you survived this shit' but then I thought about my Cabin (really loved that post today) and breathed through my panic attack...This user name was created 201 days ago.  How neat would it have been if this was my 201th Day Post?  I had a lot of badge resets.  I nearly gave up many times.  I had a lot of shame with my constant Day 1 badges on my posts... or on my comments... but I kept coming back I kept posting I kept trying.  Someone wrote "you've had more sober days despite your badge's number" and that is very true.  I haven't had this long of a sober streak since my second pregnancy and even THEN I was white-knuckled at the end.  People brought me alcohol when they came to visit the baby because I was whining about needing it when I was a Whale of Baby.  How silly but how normal is that for people these days?  No one called me a drunk for such statements!  ..I really struggled with post partum after my second son... I got on meds to help... but boy did I drink.  Look at me with my chunks I think he was 3 months and I was blitzed... how dead in the eyes I looked!  And then look at us rocking it sober in the car on the way to work a few weeks ago.. I feel amazing...https://imgur.com/a/eYZZN..All I can say is it clicked.  During my many badge resets even when I got my buzz on I noticed it I sat with it and I often didn't like it.  I passed out after drinking a bottle of wine and having shots and beers on my last badge reset.  I woke up with my glasses on and my TV blasting.  That made me feel disgusting.  My relationship with alcohol has changed dramatically since I joined this sub.  Everyone's stories struggles shares are inspiration and helped rework my mind frame around booze.  It just doesn't hold the same appeal as it used to.  I used to comment that something about being pregnant suited me... but guys it wasn't the baby brewing that was suiting me it was the lack of alcohol...I am not drinking with you fine people this Christmas Eve and I won't be drinking with you fine people tomorrow...I wish you all a happy holiday season -- we're making it!  ..Much love.Sirro (though really it's Sir Robot and Lying Cat from Saga but DogsandCatz I believe reads it as Sirro)
----------immediate responses--------

God Bless You!  Merry Chritmas and hold those precious children tight.  Hope Santa brings you all your hearts desires.
 Nice! My first month was one of my biggest accomplishments in sobriety. As for the badge resets I have a graveyard of abandoned usernames because I would get so embarrassed by countless badge resets. You look happy!
Great post and Merry Christmas! Way to go on 30 days! That is a huge accomplishment! I've had a few badge resets myself by the way. We all get through one day at a time anyway. ..Have a wonderful holiday and be well; and of course I will not drink with you today.
30 Day Club!..IWNDWYT
Congratulations and happy holidays to you as well. I've never  changed my screen name and I've been working on this for 15 years knowing that I would be successful eventually when I was done drinking. After 6 months earlier this year I woke up the Monday after Thanksgiving and said I was done.  No drama no big night out the night before.  I was/am ready. Alcohol gives nothing and I have better things to do with my time.  Enjoy your family I'm right behind you and plan to rack up 365 additional days in 2018.  
Huzzah and Merry Christmas!
You are beautiful. Your writing is right there. So proud of you. You make me stronger. Merry Christmas. Life is for the living. I will not drink with you today.  
Yes you go girl! (Sorry to use that cheesy expression but it's appropriate here!) The hard times are when the rubber hits the road and we get stronger - reminding myself of that today too..What you said about pregnancy was a lightbulb moment I had recently too. When I think about when I was at my happiest/felt the best in my life it was when I was a kid and during both pregnancies. What do they have in common -- no alcohol. .Merry Christmas and IWNDWYT!
