-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7lzcgx/almost_slipped/

My ex pulled some shit (that we'll be going to court over) and took my kid to see her family out of state for Christmas.  So no with no kid I turned to what little family I have locally for some solace on Christmas eve.  My mother decided that nothing was the way it should be and proceeded to throw a tantrum that would have made my toddler jealous.   I left that chaos and before going back to an empty houseI stopped to grab some egg nog and miscellaneous items from the grocery store. ..While at the egg nog fridge I got into a conversation with a happy laughing family who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying each others company.  They asked me which alcohol goes best with egg nog and we all walked over to the liquor aisle together. ..I stood there staring at the booze thinking there's no way I wanted any of it but was happy to help these kind strangers.  They grabbed a massive bottle of brandy and went about their way.   I then wandered the store a bit trying to stave off the crippling loneliness that awaited me at home.  The longer I wandered the more my drunk brain convinced me that adding a little brandy to my nog could make me as happy as they were.   It got so bad that I walked back over to the liquor aisle and started actively shopping. All that was left on the rack were the massive bottles of liquor which I couldn't justify purchasing. Thankfully they were out of all of the small bottles or this might be a very different post...I managed to get myself out of the store but have spent the rest of the night fighting internally about going to another store to get myself something to take away this loneliness and pain of missing Christmas with my kid.  ..Nyquil is about to remove about motivation to leave the house but this is the strongest urge I've felt in a long time and it scares the shit out of me...No replies expected.  Just needed a place to vent with people that understand the struggle.  Thanks for reading and being members of this sub.  Merry Christmas.
----------immediate responses--------

Good on you for leaving without alcohol!  That takes a lot of strength!!  Congratulations you will not regret it tomorrow.  Merry Sober Christmas   
I'm having some struggle the last couple of days too but I keep checking SD for stories like yours. Seriously I'm not just saying that. I won't drink but it's really nice to know we're not alone in feeling lonely and thinking that alcohol will fill that void. It won't. Stay strong my friend. Let's not drink together tonight. 
Congratulations. I'm glad you didn't/couldn't buy a bottle. 
