-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m2z2t/looking_for_some_encouragement_and_help_feeling/

I'm getting discouraged. I quit drinking for almost a week and then started drinking again. I was doing so well and I was happy when I wasn't drinking but now I've gotten myself back into the same dumb habit. I'm just frustrated with myself because I really want to stop drinking for good. I've been reading and listening to good books on ways to stop drinking. I'm just annoyed at myself for giving in and for not being able to stop. I'm just looking for some encouragement and maybe some advice on how to stop drinking other than books/AA since I don't really want to go to a meeting yet. ..Also I don't really share with my family about my struggles with alcohol because I'm ashamed. The only person I talk to about this is my mom and she keeps it pretty secret. It's just hard to go through this alone especially around the holidays. My goal starting today is to quit drinking for the next 30 days. 
----------immediate responses--------

It is hard and especially these days..I have tried and failed more than i can remember.Don t lose hope .Chatting here has helped me a lot and also keeping myself busy anyway i can..I feel lonely too but reaching out helps a lot.stay strong
I support you dear Chica!  You are right this not-drinking is hard anytime and the holidays are filled with triggers -- events that encourage drinking memories that trigger urges all sorts of feelings...What is working for me is letting myself have all the other treats I want being on this subreddit a lot and like /u/apostolos78 says keeping busy.  I am going on a lot of really long walks these days!  Also I have a lot of substitute n/a drinks and snacks ready for when those urges come so I have those instead and procrastinate through the urges -- they do pass.  I remind myself I could always drink some other time but for today not gonna.  ..Good luck please keep posting to let us know how it's going!.
Sorry to hear about your loneliness...A wonderful haven is meetings.  Everyone there is sober wants to be sober and amazingly wants to help me be sober.  I get to have discussions with people who understand the struggle the inconsistencies about the alcohol culture.  And who know lots of other sober people I can meet with no association to meetings...That's when I started learning to live sober!
I couldn't do it alone. ..I couldn't do it without AA meetings and without telling my significant other my friends my family. ..If I tried to get sober in secret I would always fail because if no one knew I was trying to get sober no one would know I relapsed either right? Accountability to others kept me going. ..It's scary as hell to stop. It's even scarier to tell others about your struggles. But the constant painful struggle with my addiction seemed worse. The DUI and job loss and health problems that could have been my future were worse. ..Support is crucial. You do not have to face this alone and it's honestly a lot harder that way. 
I find it hard to bring up the subject with family members. I don't know how to bring it up or how to talk about it really. I worry that if my sister knows maybe she won't want me to babysit for her kids like I do now once a week. I don't want to keep fighting with this on my own. I have a big family and the people who know I struggle with alcohol are my mom step dad and 2 of my sisters. ..Right now I'm at my family Christmas party and I'm having a tough time talking with everybody. I feel like I'm boring and life is passing slowly.
