-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m69yh/christmas_relapse/

I've relapsed three times since my one and only AA meeting. Have been convincing myself I'm not as bad as an  alcoholic  is. I have very minor withdrawal symptoms if any. But when I have a drink I can't stop. My dad approached me this Christmas and said he's noticed I drink a lot when I'm home. I lied and said I don't have an issue. I know I do. It's gotten me arrested before something I'm very ashamed of. I'm afraid of life without alcohol. Afraid of giving up something that soothes me and helps me have fun and let go. It helps me connect with men and I know that's not healthy but I don't want to let that go. I keep thinking I'm not bad enough to need to stop. I'm not the kind of person that throws up and can't function while detoxing. Now I play with drugs when I drink and that scares me too. I don't know what to do. I don't know if I can do this on my own or if I need help. The friends I've spoken to about this don't think I have a problem. But I worry they're saying that because they want to have fun with me. I'm so confused and feel so alone. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone here. Try looking at life without alcohol as an adventure. You can fill the void with new hobbies and interests that can connect you with others. And the connection is deeper when you are not impaired. You have nothing to lose by giving it a serious try! Good luck!
It's really something only you can decide on; it's a pain in the ass that way. For me it's just as simple as this: when I drink alcohol it usually has outcomes I don't want. That said not drinking is scary and sometimes difficult but it can also be amazing and not scary if I do the right things...
I wasted a lot of my time trying to convince myself I didn't have a problem because I thouht I wasn't as bad as someone else. I eventually realized it shouldn't matter what other people do for me alcohol made my life worse and for that reason alone I needed to stop...I get the fear of missing out that you're getting but trust me in time you'll realize you were missing out on life when drinking...at least that's how it was for me...I started with the daily checkins on this sub and I read Annie Grace's This Naked Mind and it really helped reshape all the misconceptiona I had about alcohol...stuff like feeling like I was missing out or that I needed it to relax or unwind.
Alcohol for me makes life worse.  Plain and simple.  However my brain likes to tell me that alcohol will help my currently shitty life. False.  I'm an alcoholic 
You aren't alone there are resources here you can reach out to or there are things locally just about everywhere. I will not drink with you today.
&gt;I'm so confused and alone..I understand...I'd go to a meeting and just listen.  I'd listen to people who have experienced alcohol and all its effects and consequences.  Getting arrested is a consequence.  Adding drugs to the mix will predictably deliver more and increasingly worse consequences...My friends were not my best source for feedback.  Drinkers like others who drink.  Same with drugs...I find people at meetings who are sober want to stay sober and amazingly want to help me get sober...I look forward to hearing more about your journey.
AA has a branch called Young People in AA or YPAA. You might do well to seek them out. Like others have said there is lots of support out there but you need to actually seek it out. I worried for a long time about what other people thought or how i looked in comparison to others. I finally realized that how I felt was the only thing that mattered when it came to my drinking. Yes it's scary to think of living without the help of alcohol. That's why I went and found people who seemed to be happy without it and asked them to show me what they did. 
Just out of curiosity what do you think an  alcoholic  is? I never had withdrawals or blacked out but I'm definitely an alcoholic. I can't stop when I start either; that's the trademark of this disease.
Ah yes I've been there. Friends who say you don't have a problem. Friends who want to still have fun with you. Concerned parents. Not wanting to lose the courage to connect with men.  ..Here's my experience...Friends: yes most of friends tell me I don't have a problem. Cool. Let's see if you're still my friend when I cut it out. My motto here is  good for you not for me . If they insist that it should be  good for me AND for you!  that's not gonna work as a long term friendship. ..Men: the man I want will not accept a drunken encounter. Period. I don't care what is  normal  or how many people people find relationships through drinks. That's not what I want. I'd rather have real courage to talk with someone than liquid courage. Yes this leads to loneliness but I'm becoming stronger in who I am as a woman which can only help. ..Parents: I tell em (almost) everything. They know I've been arrested. They know I've been a binge drinker. They know I still say I may drink. And they support me through anything. Keeping an open line of communication with them has saved me when I want to isolate myself with my problem. ..Help: joining SD and communicating with those who will support me though they may not understand. I have good friends who think I can drink still but will support me not drinking if I think it's best for myself. That works for me! No need to label it  alcoholic  but I do say I'm a problem drinker. I don't do AA tried once in 2015 and I haven't tried again. ..If you're wanting to try out not drinking a 30 day challenge works great! Best of luck to you. Please keep us updated! ..EDIT: wanted to say you're NOT alone! If you ever feel alone in this or can't communicate with people in your life coming here always helps me. 
Thanks so much for your kind comment. I have a very complicated relationship with my parents. Being open with them sometimes doesn't make me feel safe. It's hard to explain. My mom is an alcoholic and my dad drinks a lot too. I'm definitely trying to scale back again and also just being aware of my habits... 
