-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7m8wmf/need_advice_postponing_wedding/

Hi..So I am not an alcoholic but my fiance is. We've been together over two years and we're supposed to get married very soon. Almost everything has been booked we're just working on finishing a few remaining things. It's supposed to be a big wedding and a lot has gone into it...My fiance is my best friend friend and the love of my life. However I did not know he was an alcoholic until about 2-3 weeks ago. He has been drinking in secret on and off for our whole relationship hiding it from me. I found out because he also got very depressed in the last month or so and had kind of a mental breakdown was hospitalized and it came out that his drinking had escalated. I won't go into detail about all of it but it was extremely shocking and upsetting to me...He got sober and was sober for about two weeks. Initially when I found out about the secret drinking I thought we would have to cancel the wedding but after reading about alcoholism I sort of got over him lying to and started to feel very optimistic it seemed like a lot of people can stay sober for like decades and he seemed 100% dedicated to getting better. He seemed so much better when we got out of the hospital and I was feeling so optimistic probably overly so. ..He went home for the holidays just for a few days and relapsed when he was there. He's with my family for the rest of the holidays now...I was totally heartbroken when he relapsed I guess I was naive but I was so optimistic he seemed so dedicated but so quickly it fell apart. He's sober again now but my faith is really shaken and I'm trying to figure out how to feel. When I'm with him I'm feel so in love with him and it's so easy to believe in him and have faith that everything is going to be OK. But I'm afraid I'm being naive...Meanwhile stuff is moving forward with the wedding and everyday family is asking me about it and trying to finish up planning stuff. I feel like I am on the brink of a nervous breakdown sometimes cannot discuss wedding without almost crying and sometimes it feels so comforting to just believe everything will be ok and getting married is still definitely the right thing. I haven't told my family because I'm afraid to. ..I feel like I'm frozen  - I wish I had more time but from here on out everything is going to happen so fast but also *so much* has already been done and is in motion I can't imagine putting a stop to it all And I love my fiance and I do want to marry him - but I'm so scared now. ..On the one hand I want to believe everything will work out he'll figure out how to stay sober and be one of those people who is sober for decades and we can be happy. On the other hand I'm so terrified it won't work out that he'll relapse over and over again and we'll have to get divorced in like 5 years or something...I don't know what to do. Would it be dumb to take a leap of faith? ..**tl;dr found out recently fiance is secret alcoholic wedding is very soon panicking about what to do**..
----------immediate responses--------

If you're on the edge and wondering you may seek advice from a few outside sources counselors etc and postpone until you have concrete help and reassurance that he can stay sober for a while. Just my opinion. Of course it's disappointing to considering holding off on the wedding but it's also awesome that you're considering this stuff in advance. Most people just lock onto the wedding and regret things later. 
You might want to post this to r/alanon and perhaps contact Al Anon. As a father and grandfather I advise you to hesitate and reconsider this wedding. You are planning to marry a different person than you have perceived and have fallen in love with.
Tough spot. First there is an obligatory " /r/Alanon might be the better sub for this discussion ". This sub is officially for getting help for quitting / slowing down ourselves...That said in your shoes I might seek professional counseling if it is available. I know that has helped me in tough times to get a professional outside perspective on my situation...The other thing I can say is that when I have faced tough decisions in the past it has helped me to thoroughly research and investigate the options. I might find out exactly what all would be involved in postponing and what it would cost in actual dollars and cents and also what actions I would need to take to handle it. That has helped me reduce my anxiety and feel better about the choice...Best of luck...
Have you thought of couple's counseling?  I think talking it over together with a professional would be very helpful.  I would also be afraid to tell family as that would further overwhelm me.  I know that for me I would have to come to an understanding with him before going forward.  It might be helpful to also post this over on r/AlAnon/ as they are oriented toward helping the friends and family of those with issues with alcohol.  I'm sorry for all this stress.  I hope your fiance finds his way to feeling better and you are both okay.
I sincerely wish you the best and pray that it will work out but the odds are not good. That's the honest truth. ..If he loves you too he should read what you just posted. People that are gripped by alcohol (or other drugs) will eventually put that in front of anything. Sometimes it takes a real tragedy for that to change...other times it just beats the other person down into eventually having to walk away. 
As already suggested Alanon is a great resource...I know you're in the midst of exciting plans.  I'd read a lot of posts...Common themes with substance abuse include hiding behaviors lying blaming others anger irritation impatience and resentment...Typically the behaviors don't get better they worsen...Until the user decides and commits to a program...I wish you good luck.
Cancelling a wedding can very easily be relocated to family members maid of honor etc.  seriously this happens every vendor has gotten a call like this and will be nice about it. It seems like everyone will be shocked but honestly most people won't be. Source: I've done it.  People expect you to be upset and will accommodate you. 
Losing my wife was my biggest reason to stop drinking. If he thinks he'll lose you over this he might make the same choice. (fortunately a lot sooner than I did)
If you believe he is committed to stopping I wouldn't postpone if you don't think he is committed then I would cancel...but that's just me. Good luck   
