-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mcewd/feel_like_im_starting_over/

I'm now 6-7 weeks sober and I am noticing that I am very very close to a relapse. I barely got through the holidays at my in laws sober and now that I'm back home I keep thinking about drinking. . .The first weeks of my sobriety were admittedly easy for me because sobriety was new and exciting. It was also easy because I felt the sting of embarrassment from recent black out drinking.... but now sobriety is not exciting it just is what it is and time has relieved the embarrassment that consumed me at the beginning. ..Now in the back of my mind I am negotiating with myself about drinking. I know this is a bad sign. As if I allow myself to negotiate drinking I will eventually pick up the bottle again. ..I know I haven't really asked a specific question here; I just needed a sense of community and support and any advice would be appreciated. ..Hoping everyone got through the holidays happy and healthy. IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Hello!! What do you think might be giving you those relapse thoughts? I totally understand that feeling. Sometimes I have to really dig around to see what's bothering me or reminding me of my old drinking self days. ..You do have a huge community here! We are all rooting for you!
The fact you are recognizing this is amazing.  Many of us only recognize after   You said you were at your in-laws can you tell your partner you are craving? 
My brain's trying to negotiate with me too at the moment. Christmas around my family was easy but today (last night it's pushing 4am here) was difficult because I was on my own. I mostly drank when I was alone so it was too similar I guess...I have a stop drinking app that includes a hint something like 'quitting is like negotiating with terrorists - no negotiations!' and that helps me to think about. I'll try anything to get my mind off these thoughts even learning tai chi or another language that's hard like russian. Whatever works...Stay strong! This too shall pass.
Hmm it's an interesting question. I think it has a lot to do with the reasons I used to drink before...I'm a major perfectionist and I try my best to plan out absolutely everything and control all aspects of my life. I think that I used to use booze as an excuse to be less than perfect. When I drank I could eat and do what ever I wanted when sober I micromanage my life. ..This holiday trip I knew it would be difficult not to drink so I let my self let loose in other areas (I thought this would make it easier). I let my self eat what ever I wanted I didn't live off a schedule and I didn't spend hours making sure I looked great. I think this triggered me a lot...Thinking now that I should reimplement my schedule and focusing on task completion. Maybe it will help me get back into the swing of my sobriety.
I hate those feelings. When they start they can be overwhelming I know. Next time it hits me I'm going to try to shake up my routine and outsmart the thoughts. Hope you can too.
Glad you're here.  Sorry to hear about your struggle...I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Hmm. Rocking 6-7 weeks? I would press on to see how I would feel maybe a year out. I totally get where you are coming from and I believe that's a very good thing. Try to press on and  embrace the sober YOU for awhile.    
I completely relate to your situation. I spent the first few weeks of sobriety loving the new feelings and energy and last week was just focused on making it through Christmas. I struggled mightily on Christmas Eve with my head pounding and then just coasted through Christmas Day glad it was almost over. I feel like I've made it over a mountain peak and with that there's been a letdown. ..Now my wife is talking about going to her family's cabin for New Years weekend something that doesn't appeal to me. Those old thoughts are creeping in like I could drink Friday and Saturday and dry out by the time she returns Monday. The better half of myself is valiantly trying to tell me that drinking won't accomplish anything and if I just make it to 2018 sober the pressure I'm feeling now will diminish and I'll have a huge leg up on all the other people with their resolutions. That voice in my head is the smart one and I just need to keep listening to him. I also just need to clear my head as this was the first weekend I didn't go on a relaxing walk and I can tell the stress is building up. Time to hit the gym before its overcrowded.
It's great that you can relate to what I'm going through. It's a crazy tough time of year but I am extremely excited for Jan 1st because that has always been the best time for me to focus on new resolutions! I'm hoping i won't be focused on resolutions revolved around sobriety but to implement a focus on health and happiness (eg working out or starting a new hobby). Hope you the best through this time 
What a perfect time to get a badge. Check in here several times a day and you'll get a bit more of that "new &amp; exciting" strength you had early on.
I got to where I could "manage" my drinking only 2-3 beers/drinks in a day.  And then it would be every night and take more and more "managing" so I would quit again. I think I have finally realized and accepted that nothing in me or my life can change or grow if I just keep starting over. I've decided that I can only go forward by giving sobriety a real go. So here I am! Not starting over exploring new territory!  Yay. IWNDWYT.
