-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mh7ks/28_hours_and_counting/

since my last drink.  I have been drinking almost every day for the past 12 months.  I have always had a problem since a teenager with not knowing when to stop so for most of my life I have avoided alcohol because of it.  I was married to a "functional" alcoholic who was emotionally and verbally abusive for years which also turned me off to alcohol.  I finally left him 2 years ago...started a new life and am very very happy so I don't understand why I even started drinking in the first place.  Going to AA is not an option.  My closest friends and family don't have a clue and I would like to keep it that way.  I haven't done any harm to the relationships as of YET so I don't feel the need to tell them at this point.  I quit pain pills 20 years ago on my own...detox was hell but I haven't touched a pill since.  I quit smoking with the help of a forum 5 years ago and I know that would have been much harder (or I might have relapsed) without support.  So...here I am.  So far I don't have any symptoms.  I usually drank about a pint a day of vodka.  sometimes less...sometimes more.  Sometimes I did skip a day but in recent months...that doesn't much happen.  It's time to stop.  NOW!  Thank you in advance for your support.  --Barbara
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here.  The world record for sobriety is 24 hours and you've exceeded it!..I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Why is going to AA not an option?
I would just prefer to try online support.  I went to Alanon for years and worked the steps but then I got the vibe there that people become addicted to the meetings themselves.  I don't think I need that.  If this doesn't work...I will go.
thank you for the welcome!
Welcome Barbara! Sounds like you have the strength to kick alcohol like it's nothing (well ya know after the pills and cigarettes you got this).    !!!
I too quit opioids on my own in the past. Had a bad pill habit that escalated to cheaper heroin. By the end of that run I was injecting three times a day and needed it to do anything. I quit though like you by myself with no help but from a girlfriend who had to watch me kick and scream through the withdrawals. However after a short kick of sobriety I found out that binge drinking is very similar to painkillers. I started chugging whiskey and vodka pretty constantly. I struggled with this for quite a few years. Shaking in the mornings throwing up at work being delirious while driving or doing really anything. Scary stuff. I decided to quit by myself. "I quit heroin alone! I can quit anything." .I went through full dts. Should've went to the e.r. but didn't. I literally went insane for a week. Like truly insane...I thought demons were talking to me through my radio. I forgot my name. Had conversations with my fiance only to realize halfway in that she wasn't even home. Shook like crazy..I got clean though. Relapsed hard again. Got clean. Relapsed hard again. Finally my fiance left me and I decided to get help. I'm a very strong willed person with drugs. Quit many heavy addictions. Alcohol is a different beast though. It's cheap and everywhere. It escalates super fast too.. What I'm trying to say is maybe try a support group or something even if you fear it. I needed to talk to people about drinking. I needed the support. I'm not a follower of a.a. but it saved me for the first 60 days of quitting. I feel like all alcoholics need that personal support to actually quit. Relapse comes quick when you stop alone. Not trying to tell you what to do just trying to love and help. Drinking is the hardest of all drugs and should be treated as such. I hope you succeed no matter how you approach this. Take care.
I hear what you're saying fournames....but isn't what this site is for???  I know I can't do it alone.  I couldn't quit smoking alone.  I did it with a forum.  That's why I came here.  I don't see why face to face meetings are more effective.  being here and reading all the struggles and inspirational posts are what helps.  Day 2 for me and I feel great so far!  :)  Woke up happy to not be foggy headed and full of regret!! .
