-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ml5y7/hello_id_like_to_reintroduce_myself/

So hi I'm Peaches. I tried this once again earlier this year... my flair isn't accurate anymore and hasn't for a long time so ignore that while I wait for my update to go through. I had just never come back because I had lost the battle for a long while. I'm currently 48 hours sober...There needs to be a change. I'm going to lose my livelihood. I'm probably about to lose my job and face jail time. Me a 24-year-old girl with no prior criminal history or even traffic tickets for pete's sake. I did the worst thing someone can possibly do after imbibing. Stupid me thought she could drive a mile up the road for smokes I blew a stop sign that I didn't know was there because it's in a part of town I never go to and one thing led to another.....I don't know how I'm going to afford a lawyer but I'm trying to figure that out. I can't let my charge stick. But more importantly I know that it's a drop in the bucket compared to where I could go down the road if I don't get control of myself. ..I'm planning on going to 2-3 meetings tomorrow. I wanted to go sooner but the day after my arrest was spent walking home from jail dealing with trying to get my boyfriend's car out of impound and sleeping off that terrible terrible night. And then today I had a 14-hour work day. These are the kinds of days that make me really want to imbibe. But I'm not going to...The hardest part is that I only have 8 more days of legally being allowed to drive on my temporary license and my real one is gonna get suspended. I don't know how I'll get to meetings to work anything without it...I'm here for support for accountability and hopefully for networking. I can't fight this fight alone. Somehow miraculously my partner has not left me despite giving me way more chances than I deserve regarding my drinking problem. But I know this is my last chance. And he doesn't understand. He tries but I don't think he really understands the struggle of addiction. I need help...Hi I'm Peaches and I'm an alcoholic. *Hiiiii Peaches.*
----------immediate responses--------

So when I hit rock bottom I had to break it all down step-by-step...First I dealt with any immediate consequences of my drinking.  This meant detox and taking a leave of absence...Then I moved on to assessing my job situation relationships etc...Sobriety had to come before everything else.  When I sobered up a lot worked itself out.
Six years ago I got a DUI. It was terrifying and I thought my life was over. It wasn't. I was lucky my parents helped me. I was in my late 30s then. Not even a speeding ticket. But I remember laying in bed the next day after my then roommate had bailed me out of jail.  You will get through this. I will not drink with you today. 
Hey Peaches - glad you've joined the fam :)...Sobriety is priority and you *WILL* get through this ("this too shall pass"). Getting and staying sober isn't easy - but it *is* simple. The bottom line? I do not under any circumstances pick up a drink...Here's a good starting point: http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xckfo/how_did_you_get_through_the_first_few_days/. ..Hang in there and let us know if there's anything we can do to help. Wishing you strength and good positive vibes :). 
Hello Peaches.  Sorry to hear about your struggle...Many people at meetings are willing to help provide transportation having been exactly where you are...One way to do that is to share your story and at the end mention "I'm about to have my license suspended so could use a ride from anyone willing".  They often will approach you at the end of the meeting.
You should be able to find an attorney that will work with you and take payments (most will require at least a few hundred up front). Do some online research - many DWI lawyers have decent websites that will outline what you are looking at with your charge (it varies in different states/jurisdictions). Then at least talk to a few.  Also in my state at least your license is not actually suspended automatically though they make it sound like it is as long as you submit a request for a hearing. That's the one thing that has to be done very quickly - everything else tends to drag on for awhile. 
I am going through a very similar situation and still feeling extremely down about my actions. If you want or need to talk to someone I am here. 
