-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mnaim/to_all_the_former_relapsers/

For everyone who spent months and years in the cycle of short-lived sobriety followed by an inevitable relapse what was different if anything about the time you decided enough was enough and went for the long-haul?..For me once I knew I had a problem I also knew I would eventually give up drinking. This was followed by months of failed attempts at sustained sobriety. It wasn't until I became absolutely terrified by the possibility of never getting out of that awful cycle when something clicked and changed. I guess a fear of being stuck and a true loathing for the thing (alcohol) made this time feel "different." Anyone else?..At the end of the day I'm still only one drink away from a relapse but my frame of thinking has changed. Now I want my sobriety forever. Before I just wanted to be fixed. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am just starting in the grand scheme of things and I think being active and present on this sub has made all the difference. IWNDWYT!
I hit rock bottom very recently.  Before now I just wanted to be able to drink normally or thought I was only hurting myself.  This time I want to to stop drinking.  I want to drink water or cola and I don't want to hang out in bars spending god knows how much money every other night.  But I am very new there may be relapses on the way but I really hope not because i'll feel disgusted with myself.
To make a long story short what clicked for me this time was this:  moderation and all thoughts related to moderation are out the window.  I said that to myself while I was nursing my very last hangover.  ..I do not want alcohol in my life whatsoever.  That's it.  Case closed!  Things sort of fell into place after that.  ..I've accepted that I am just not the kind of person who will have 1.5 units of alcohol every other day etc.  For me it is either 10+ or zero.  ..Zero is easy.  Zero means no hangovers.   Zero means blissful sleep.  Zero means better health both mental and physical.  I could go on ha.  
Big moment for me was realizing how much better my life could be if I stopped drinking. I gave my mind over to the fact that I had a dis-ease and had to manage it lest it get the best of me. Thinking about it as living sober rather than as not drinking was the game changer. 
when I tried to do it alone and didn't tell anyone I was trying to cut back it was very easy to slip. once I let other people know that added pressure to the pursuit that I needed. I am very good at not holding myself accountable and letting me down. I very much dislike letting others down. 
When I realized that alcohol was not the problem but the underlying issues were the problem... that's what inspired me to quit drinking for my lifetime. Why? Because I realized I could never tackle core issues if I was always inebriated. I want to focus on being a happy and healthy person and alcohol just didn't fit in anywhere in that goal. 
