-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mogj1/unfortunately_relapsed_over_xmas/

I've been on the road for work for the majority of the last 4 months. It makes it really easy to fall into old habits. I really do want to live a sober life. I've let my body go to sh**.  Just want to get back into the gym. Today is day 2. Still not feeling ready to go back to the gym. I will surely be there tomorrow. I miss it I miss my routine I miss my sober life. What I plan on doing different is get involved in a community with more sober friends. Developing a larger sober circle. Thank you all for your support. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Good on you for recognizing what happened what you plan to do differently and why you want a sober life. Back on the wagon! Happy to not drink with you today.
Traveling for work is really hard. When I am home it's a no-brainer to exercise eat right and avoid liquor. But when traveling with booze everywhere and gyms hard to come by (most hotel gyms are shit) it's hard. ..I started using the app coach.me to stay motivated. I have a few items on my list to do every day -&gt; do not drink 20min exercise before 10am etc. ..
Good for you for quickly recognizing your spot and making proactive decisions to improve your support system. I'm only sober two weeks but the holidays weren't easy and I coped by eating my face off. I'd fallen off my exercise routine but this morning went out and put major time in as 1) a workout and 2) a show of commitment to myself for myself. We'll get there day by day. I commit to not drinking with you today!
You can do it. 
Great to see you back.  I'm new to discovering sober life but it feels great (mostly).  It's hard to imagine ever losing sight of it.  It seems this is where you are at.  This is very encouraging to me so thank you for sharing.  Here's wishing you back to where you know the sweet life is.  
Glad you are back awesome job! You'll be hitting the gym and feeling great in no time!
I travel a TON for work so I can relate to your struggle...Here are some of my tips:..I do my best to stay in hotels with a gym or pool. Some hotels like the Weston will even "lend" you workout gear (incl shoes) for a very small fee...I no longer "carry on" if it means no workout gear. I'll check my luggage or bring fewer biz clothes so I can have it with me...I know of people who go to AA meetings only when on the road. At the beginning they always ask who's new or from out of town. If you throw your hand up when they ask you're almost guaranteed to have some conversations with sober people after the meeting. Maybe even get invited out for coffee...I recently bought a laptop capable of some minor gaming and installed Steam. I now have a couple games with me to help pass the time at night...I'm also taking a course on Coursera. There are plenty of (cheap) options. Go to a coffee shop vs the Bar to work on them. Same social vibe. No hangover...Good luck.
I travel for work too. Check out Anytime Fitness...I bet you're no more than a couple miles away from one and may not even know it. You get a key fob and access to their gyms 24/7. As a traveling man I love it. The gym and books are replacing booze and complacency.
