-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mq2sg/i_ruminate_over_passed_failures_wasted/

What Will Happen The Day I Die!..On the die I die a lot will happen...A lot will change...The world will be busy...On the day I die all the important appointments I made will be left unattended...The many plans I had yet to complete will remain forever undone...The calendar that ruled so many of my days will now be irrelevant to me...All the material things I so chased and guarded and treasured will be left in the hands of others to care for or to discard...The words of my critics which so burdened me will cease to sting or capture anymore. They will be unable to touch me...The arguments I believed I'd won here will not serve me or bring me any satisfaction or solace...All my noisy incoming notifications and texts and calls will go unanswered. Their great urgency will be quieted...My many nagging regrets will all be resigned to the past where they should have always been anyway...Every superficial worry about my body that I ever labored over   about my waistline or hairline or frown lines   will fade away...My carefully crafted image the one I worked so hard to shape for others here will be left to them to complete anyway...The sterling reputation I once struggled so greatly to maintain will be of little concern for me anymore...All the small and large anxieties that stole sleep from me each night will be rendered powerless...The deep and towering mysteries about life and death that so consumed my mind will finally be clarified in a way that they could never be before while I lived...These things will certainly all be true on the day that I die...Yet for as much as will happen on that day one more thing that will happen...On the day I die the few people who really know and truly love me will grieve deeply...They will feel a void...They will feel cheated...They will not feel ready...They will feel as though a part of them has died as well...And on that day more than anything in the world they will want more time with me...I know this from those I love and grieve over...And so knowing this while I am still alive I'll try to remember that my time with them is finite and fleeting and so very precious   and I'll do my best not to waste a second of it...I'll try not to squander a priceless moment worrying about all the other things that will happen on the day I die because many of those things are either not my concern or beyond my control...Friends those other things have an insidious way of keeping you from living even as you live; vying for your attention competing for your affections...They rob you of the joy of this unrepeatable uncontainable ever-evaporating Now with those who love you and want only to share it with you...Don't miss the chance to dance with them while you can...It's easy to waste so much daylight in the days before you die...Don't let your life be stolen every day by all that you believe matters because on the day you die much of it simply won't...Yes you and I will die one day...But before that day comes: let us live.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for this so beautiful and so true!
Puts things in perspective...The only legacy I leave is the Kindness I gave to others expecting nothing in return...I can live my life rehearsing endlessly that which has already occurred or conversely obsess about that which has not and probably will not occur.  ..Or I can live this moment.  Be here now.  Be present.  Choose the next right choice..."Forgiveness is when I accept that the past is as good as it will ever be."
Let us live ! 
I love this! Thanks for sharing!
Love it! Thank you for posting this!
Thanks for this. The one good thing wasting all those years and then becoming sober is that you have a deep realization that every day is special and we never know how many days we have left so hopefully we make every effort to live life purposefully. 
This is a great thank you for this...A couple of months after I stopped drinking I started therapy to delve into the patterns that lead me to drink. I found that one of my biggest problems is simply accepting that what I've done is good enough. My default setting seems to be that no matter how well I do I *could* have done better and I dwell on all the things I could be doing/could have done *better* rather than appreciating and celebrating how far I've come and how well I've actually done. Despite the good that it can bring e.g. constant evolution and forward movement by always striving to be the best I now recognize that its also a pretty draining headspace to be in. ..This is a great reminder to live in the moment and to be kinder to oneself.  
That's really beautiful. Thanks so much for sharing!
Hahaha I found some poetry I wrote when I was drunk and fucked on ketamine. Ripped my chest to pieces and is a good reminded of the dark side of my drinking
