-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mrxwv/needing_some_prayer_during_a_difficult_family/

I'm having a hard time right now and having no support system of friends to lean on  is making it hard.  I don't intend to drink with you tonight but I'm going to be having a very long sleepless night trying to keep my focus.  4 years ago my marriage came to a "violent" end following 28 years of my ex and I using addictive behavior trying to cope with daily life.  I spent a month in-patient getting sober and several months in daily out patient.  Overall I am doing well but my 4 children still struggle from the scarred childhood they survived.  My one son in particular has anger issues  and a verbal argument resulted in a slapped face regarding his brother.  Brother called the cops thinking that the result will be help for my son get the mental health help he needs.  I don't have that type of faith in the system.  I have a child sitting in a jail cell now because ultimately I failed as a parent for so many years.  I simply don't know what to do or how to cope.  I don't know the literal process of getting him out of jail and I don't know where he will live because now he can't come home.  His Dad will take him but his Dad is still not a healthy person and is actually the source of most of the original violence and abuse that has harmed him so badly.  I just don't know how to cope right now except to ask for you all to please keep me and my kids in your thoughts and prayers if you're the praying type.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'll keep you in my prayers tonight FrizzyArt. Sending you and your family healing love.
I am the praying type FrizzyArt and will certainly be praying for all of you guys...
I will pray FrizzyArt.       
  
I'll be praying for you   
I'm actually heading to mass with MIL in 25 minutes - please know that I'm keeping you in my prayers and will be lighting a candle for you my dear. Love Peace and Blessings to you and your family &lt;3
