-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mwl09/i_cant_get_it_together/

I'm so fucking tired of this! I can go two months at a time and I KNOW that if I have one drink I'll just KEEP drinking. But I get so lonely I end up not caring.  ..I know I need dry people dry places. I haven't met anyone at any meetings and honestly I dislike AA very much. Everyone has been so much older or so much different I don't feel a connection there. ..Sobriety and isolation or drinking and some form of socializing. ..I miss having friends. I don't know which one is better. The man I'm seeing is also new into sobriety and it seems like he doesn't struggle like I do. I feel he's my only support system and that makes me feel like I'm not  worth it  to my friends. ..Feels hopeless. I know it's not. But it feels like it. ..Fuck! End mini rant. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried different AA meetings?  I don't know your age but I am imagining maybe you are in your 20's and that is an extra challenge you face.  Hang in there!!!  Things will miraculously start looking up for you.  Somehow some way...you keep doing what you are doing and things just will happen.  The old friends you hung out with will most likely end up at an AA meeting in the future but unfortunately many won't be for years and you will have 10 years of sobriety by then with a happy life and bright future!  :)
&gt; Everyone has been so much older or so much different I don't feel a connection there..The "older" complaint comes up frequently here and is starting to wrack my nerves tbh but I'll stifle my bitching just to say that there are other meetings besides AA out there. I've read SMART Recovery and Refuge Recovery mentioned here; perhaps you would find one of those more suitable and at least one of them (SMART? I can't remember which because you know *older*) holds meetings online...If it were me I think I'd decide which was more important to me and focus on that. I am not presently in a position myself to give socializing pride of place but of course your mileage may vary...Best of luck.
I completely relate to what you wrote about "sobriety and isolation or drinking and some form of socializing." I'm on day 15 right now but besides the intensive outpatient program I'm attending daily and my mother I am pretty much completely isolated. I'm afraid to go out because every time I do I end up absolutely shitfaced with a new rock bottom.
There are a lot of good suggestions out there to meet sober supports and/or peers who don't primarily drink to socialize. ..The two needs don't absolutely have to be served by the same group there are lots of interest groups and meet ups organized around shared interests and age ranges yeah they feel kind of awkward at first...like going to a new school as a kid but that wears off pretty quickly if we listen to our gut and really look for connections and are open to them...Keep at it. If other younger people have found a way to make it work you can too!
