-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7mzp4w/my_friend_was_one_of_the_worst_alcoholics_i_knew/

Since the season of resolutions and good intentions is nearly upon us I thought I'd share a thought from the world of giving  things up. .More than five years ago I put down what I sincerely hope was my last drink. Although this most recent attempt at sobriety has thus far proved successful it remains just that an attempt. A large part of the process of recovery depends upon understanding that simple (if slightly terrifying) fact. .What the success thus far of this attempt masks is that it was by no means the first. .Over more than a decade prior to that I had tried a few times - with increasing regularity in the later years. Some of those were mostly for show or to get one or more person off my back. However some were earnest attempts to either stop or cut down. I learned things on those unsuccessful attempts - both about myself and about addiction. However when I fell off the wagon again while seeing others stay on board with apparent ease I simply became more convinced that I couldn't do it; that I lacked an aptitude for sobriety. .With the benefit of hindsight I can see that each of those failures contributed to the subsequent success. It's exaggerating a bit to say that sobriety is a skill that I had to learn but it's not a million miles from the mark. .I genuinely believed that there was something different about me and that I could not stop drinking - I would tell people as much with deadly seriousness. I was for long periods of my life utterly convinced that this was true and that every previous and unsuccessful attempt to stop demonstrated its truth. In the light of which I reasoned there was absolutely no point in trying again. Flawless logic I felt. It was a line of reasoning that came perilously close to killing me and even without doing so stole 15 or 20 years from me. .I wish I had had realised then what I now know; that my failed attempts to quit were not evidence that I was incapable of sobriety but my first tentative steps towards it.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for posting this. Really. ..So much if it rings true for me. Very moving. 
This is beautifully written. And so true.
&gt; I wish I had had realised then what I now know; that my failed attempts to quit were not evidence that I was incapable of sobriety but my first tentative steps towards it...I'm sure the above will help people today...Thank you for posting.
At the 3 day mark of this hopefully my last of many attempts at sobriety this resonates thanks for posting.
This is so helpful. I too thought I was incapable of stopping. I thought perhaps drinking was part of who I was that it was part of my makeup. My brain and emotional being are so used to being drunk I really didn't think it was possible to be sober. But here I am over 2 weeks the longest I've been without a drink in 20 years and I'm just fine.  
Thanks!
True thoughts from my mind put down in words. Thank you so much for sharing this I agree with u/BadToTheTrombone - I too wish I had realized this back in the when. Take care glad you are here and again thank you for sharing.
This is a good reminder that we cannot get complacent about sobriety.  Thank you for sharing!
Powerful.
Wow thats amazing and exactly how I felt prior to this latest round of sobriety. Id given up thinking I was capable of it. To be honest i'm a couple days shy of 9 months right now and been struggling with using dreams and a lot of daydreams of past use and those same old thoughts of not being capable of it have been coming back so its nice to see this. 
I felt beyond help too. Like I was worthless unlovable and utterly incapable of quitting drinking. Especially the physical dependency on the poison that was the worst... I have 10 months sober this time and I will keep doing this thing one day at a time. This is a progressive disease and it's cunning gotta stay vigilant. Thanks for the post.
Great story and this is why I recommend AA. He tried but he tried apparently alone and without a program. Here's what they do for you:..The program gives you an outline to follow forces you to examine yourself to find the real motivations for drinking and to address them. It helps get rid of the twin towers of guilt for the past and fear of tomorrow by teaching you to live in today. And it provides the companionship experience and hope to help you persevere when your own resources have bottomed out. ..Here's to a happy and sober 2018 for everyone! I won't drink with you this ~~day~~ year!
I'm just home from the gym about to jump in the shower my head is all about my plans for the day and this has stopped me cold.  I'm openly crying...I don't want to relapse but if I do I will do my best to remember this.  Please thank him for sharing this.
Thank you. Very true and moving. I had to realize that drinking had become apart of my identity and had some control over my thoughts. Thoughts justifying and perpetuating drinking were the louder voices. I had to learn to sit still and listen to the quieter ones. The quieter voices are my truth even if I don't always like them.
Love!  Thank you for posting. 
"Whether you think you can or think you can't - you're right" - Henry Ford
Absolutely. Every attempt contributed to your learning process. My husband is an alcoholic and went to rehab for it. He saw many people that constantly cycled in and out of the system and was determined not to be those people..He's had falls but we refuse to see those as failures. The first was sneaky and I found it by accident; vodka hidden so he could have the odd nip. .He doesn't even like vodka and I told him it was bullshit and we moved forward..The second one was that he was annoyed and decided to get a bottle of red wine and drink it..Less than two glasses in he decided that it sucked and had a mega nap. Which I went to wake him from (was ridiculously long and I'm a nurse was worried he was sick or injured. He drank while I was at work) .The second instance made him realise he wasn't missing anything. ..He learned and was freed of the FOMO that he had with his sobriety. It all helps. 
