-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n1riq/day_1_again/

So I managed to quit alcohol (for good) on 20 December after a big night on the 19th stayed off until Xmas day and have drunk every day since then. Aargh! I am desperate to give up alcohol but don't know that I can even make it to the end of the day today as my husband and I are out tonight to the theatre. Then there's New Year's Eve with friends tomorrow night and they all EXPECT me to drink. I've been socialising with alcohol since the age of 18 and I'm now 44 so don't really know how to socialise without it. Tips would be great! I am so jealous of people who don't drink the way I do. I've struggled to drink in moderation for years. Sometimes I succeed but often I don't and I've had enough! .
----------immediate responses--------

Have you read *This Naked Mind* yet?
&gt;so don't really know how to socialise without it..I needed different social venues...It was a multi-stage process for me...First I went to a lot of meetings.  Everybody there is sober wants to stay sober and amazingly without earning it they *want to help me be sober*!  ..I got to "practice" interacting with people who are sober...That led to doing things with sober people that were not related to 'meetings'.  Things like hiking lunch coffee movies dinner kayaking biking boating golf motorcycles plays concerts shows museums and on and on...Then to give back I started volunteering a few hours at programs in my community.  I've moved a few times and the easiest way for me is to just contact the local United Way and ask about the different services and volunteering.  They're in touch with most agencies in communities.  Services such as Goodwill Salvation Army Boys and Girls Club Reading to the Blind Meals on Wheels homeless shelters soup kitchens Haven for Domestic Abuse and more...Then I meet a variety of people.  Of course those receiving the services and other volunteers community leaders philanthropists business owners and more!..I got "over the initial hump" at meetings.  That got me started...Whadda ya think!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Honestly I was in the same position. 39 and after 25 years of drinking I had no idea how to address it on my own after several years of trying to. The truth was I couldn't. I'm gonna take a wild stab in the dark and say you're in sw London. Honestly try AA - I'm in London too and the meetings - of which there are literally hundreds each week - are incredibly non-judgey and non-God-y (everyone sort of says god with a smirk). Whilst I'm not sure I fit in long term I owe my sobriety to AA - which as absolutely massive lash artist would have been unthinkable 5 months ago. Being around people with the same or similar problems was such a relief! 
How do you feel about  sober people sober places ? My willpower sucks and I just cannot face down temptation so I remove myself from those situations. It has worked for me.
I haven't figured this out yet but I once read a quote on here saying "You're not getting sober you ARE sober" - as in when you make the decision to quit you need to truly commit. This is a really hard addiction/habit to quit. I am slowly learning how to socialize without it. But I like to think back to before I drank when I was a child or early teen and all the friends I made and crushes I talked to and parties I had fun at were SOBER. We have it in us we are enough as wel are. We just need to find that courage again. 
