-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n1sfr/i_went_to_a_party_last_night_cant_believe_what/

So I was at this big barn party last night. I caught up with old friends made new friends &amp; had a really great time jamming out to some live tunes. I brought a pack of la croix with me just to have something to drink while I was there. Here's where the good part starts.. Three of my old friends from high school came up to me later in the night &amp; all three confessed to me that they were struggling with alcoholism &amp; were inspired by me not drinking. That's honestly one of the best things someone's told me. I love that I'm giving them courage to know that it is possible even at our 'ripe' age of 25. I told them it IS possible to quit &amp; not only that but to be LIBERATED from the chains of alcoholism. I don't do AA (nothing wrong with it just not for me) so this was the first time I've inspired people &amp; gave them hope that it is possible to stop drinking. A lot of really fun stuff happened at that party but that was the absolute highlight of my night. ..If anyone is reading this that is struggling right now. You can do it. I BELIEVE YOU CAN DO IT! All you've gotta do is open your eyes &amp; see alcohol for what it really is.
----------immediate responses--------

Freedom!!..Congratulations!
Thank you for being an inspiration!
I love this story.  It's a good one for all those people out there who are intimidated to **own** their sobriety like college kids and others at work environments like bars etc.  Good stuff!       
This gives me hope. Glad to see other people in their mid 20s taking the initiative to rid our lives of this poison. 
very inspirational post! Well done!
That's awesome! Keep on inspiring! :)
Look at you go! Just by walking the walk you're inspiring others to find themselves. Happy New Year! 
That's so great. That they brought it up with you is the best feeling right? Congrats on all your days!
Awesome!! I was sober at our family Christmas party and ended up having a long conversation with my niece where she told me her struggle with alcohol. ..I'm so glad you shed light on the fact that sooooo many people struggle with alcohol and they're right under our noses!..Your badge is an inspiration to me!..IWNDWYT 
That's so cool! My sister told me I was inspiring her today! Couldn't believe it as it's always the other way around!!  
Congratulations! 
Awesome to hear! That's going to be my New Year's Eve tomorrow!
This is such a great story. So inspiring!
I'm also 25. Being this young should never be a reason not to quit. People look at me like I'm crazy when I tell them I don't drink anymore. I hope I can inspire some of my peers to think about their relationship with alcohol. Really glad you were able to share with your old friends who were clearly inspired by your choice.
&gt; All you've gotta do is open your eyes &amp; see alcohol for what it really is...Not drinking for a while really is helping out in seing it for what it really is. Thanks for your post!
Just chiming in with everyone else to note how inspiring this is--how inspiring you are! Nice work. I've always thought (probably because I was one) that there are many more "stealth" sufferers of alcohol use disorder than we realize out there people not easily reached via the conventional rock bottom/rehab/recovery narrative so it's wonderful that you were there to light the way. Rock on! IWNDWYT.
Just don't get too concerned if nothing comes of it for them. I have had so many people say stuff like this while drunk to me but you have to realize they are just drunk for the most part. Good on you for planting the seeds but don't feel bad if they don't follow up. 
Congrats!
Fuck yeah! Way to go. ..Being inspiring to others is such a GOOD feeling. Thanks for sharing. 
way to go =)
Congrats! I wish I had been so wise at that age...
It is amazing what people will say once they realize you are sober. I have had a few people talk to me about themselves or someone they loves battle with alcoholism. ..It is really nice that people notice in a good way.
Great post!  You are going to help a lot of people.
This is a great story! Thanks so much for sharing and keep being a great inspiration to people in your life. IWNDWYT!
Same here. Someone spectacularly came out to me this week. It was pretty artful tbh. Feels good to offer guidance when someone asks. But now I feel a little responsible to continue helping. I know there is only so much I can do I'm a little worried how it will feel to see her fail. I don't want to alienate her if/when she falls off the wagon. I'm very dedicated to my sobriety. How do we hep others but not gloat at the same time?
