-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n30lk/robin_williams/

He had a special way to convey a point in his comedy and particularly his struggles with substance abuse...Whenever I feel tempted to drink I pull out a Rolodex of reasons in my head not to do it. Hangovers health etc...Well last night I was at a comedy club and remembered a poignant interview Robin had on a talk show. He began talking about a recent relapse...He sat by himself at home. After much forethought -- decided to open a fifth of whiskey -- and took the first swig in a long while...As soon as he pulled the bottle away he heard it say to him: "Welcome back asshole!"..Those three words were all I needed to hear again. God I hate alcohol...Happy New Year all...!!!..IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Aww... I miss him. He was such a beautiful soul. ..Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
Exactly right.  For some reason the thoughts of "moderating" have been slipping in my mind lately but I am steadfast in my sobriety so I am not worried about it.   I know in my heart (and I don't have to test this) that if I were to have even 1oz of alcohol I would be exactly back to where I was before drinking a fifth of whiskey per day.  I always keep in my mind how depressing and repetitive my life was while drinking and how each day was basically the movie "Groundhog Day".  I am going into this new year with a good head on my shoulders and a good outlook on life.  I will not drink with you today!
Man I really liked Robin Williams. It was pretty heartbreaking when he went. :(
Reading your post I could almost feel the whiskey in my hands and taste that first swig on my lips... and I almost gagged. Holy hell do I hate that shit. Thank god I'm not a slave to it anymore. I love sobriety. You're awesome.
That's a great recollection.  And really drives home that "moderation" with alcohol is like saying you've made a "deal" with a known con artist.
My mom told me about an interview Robin Williams did once. He said he sometimes walked by liquor stores and said to himself something like:  If I walked in there no one would know. I could buy a fifth of whiskey and no one has to know. It's just a small bottle. If I drank it no one would have to know. And if no one knows then it doesn't matter it doesn't have to be a big deal. ..I think about that a lot. I drank at parties but I did a lot of my drinking at home alone. I'm a super high functioning alcoholic. I could easily start again without anyone knowing. And knowing that along with Robin Williams' words freak me out enough that I'm motivated to stay sober. 
Yes. Saved...IWNDWYT.
Yeah this article from 2006 that I read about Robin Williams relapsing convinced me to try to quit drinking the 1st time I tried to quit ..http://people.com/archive/coming-clean-vol-66-no-9/
&gt; Alcoholics are God's rodeo clowns
That's classic. I was watching "Good Morning Viet Nam" on tv just a few hours ago. He was truly a one in a million talent.
