-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n6suz/today_as_were_about_to_celebrate_a_new_year_i_get/

Special thanks to this sub. You've been with me since day one through my relapse my arrest my legal battle my 1 yearmy two year my engagement my highs and my especially my lows. It's been a roller coaster over the last 1000 days and I can't express what it means to be here today. Getting ready to start a new year and surpassing the milestone at the same time feels special for some reason. Thanks for all your help /r/stopdrinking 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 1000! Certainly a nice way to start the new year. Here's to another thousand days! 
[removed]
Your 1000 days are an inspiration and a wonderful accomplishment.      .Congratulations!  1000 suits you! 
Wow! So many todays in a row. What an accomplishment. I'm so happy to have found this sub. The energy and positive examples such as yourself keep me motivated and coming back. ..Congrays on your 1k day! Glad that your life is trending upwards and wishing you peace and prosperity in the new year. IWNDWYT!
Congrats on 1000. Everyday is a battle and you are a warrior 
A worthy goal to strive for! I am a sucker for big numbers and a 1000 days is a huge accomplishment! Happy new year and keep going strong you are my inspiration!.
Huge congrats on those 1000 well done!!! 
Fantastic achievment
Congratulations and thank you! Happy 2018!
Wow congrats on 1000 days! So inspiring to see!
Well done friend I'm at a party struggling. You are my inspiration for tonight!
Let me guess? You calculated it all to get to 1000 today!.Congrats and huge hugs.
Amazing! Congrats! 
That is so inspirational well done you must be feeling very proud!
Congrats and happy new year!
Awesome.....how does that feel? Really? Does it get easier or do you think you have better tools to deal now? So totally awesome...
Well done and congratulations ! .Never forget why you stopped in the first place . .Here's to the next 1000..
Congratulations!
Fantastic! Have a sparkling water on me tonight. 
Congrats! 
Congratulations!!
congrats! 
1K! Congratulations!  Looking forward to a great sober 2018. 
And now your first 4-digit Palindrome!
I wish you another 9000 sober days friend!
Congratulations! This helps keep me motivated. I will not drink with you today!
Incredible. You should be very proud. So happy for you. You are an inspiration to everyone trying to get sober.
Awesome job. Glad you're enjoying your new life :)
I still wake up everyday and say the same thing.   I will not drink today.   Congrats.  1000 Days should feel special! 
Congrats and continued success to you
Wow. 1000 days! That is impressive!! Congrats and Happy 2018!!      ..IWNDWYT
Congrats on the job well done!!! I won't drink with you today as well.
That's big time. Congrats!.
Congratulations and Happy New Year! 
Alright! I will not drink with you tonight! Happy New Year!
Must be a very special day. Congratulations!
I hope you're not lonely in Bama anymore!  I am here :) Still working on sobriety though.  Congrats friend!  Thanks for sticking around to share your accomplishments and encourage others.
Cheers to your triumph and success! I got my 500 today so i will not drink with you today in celebration!
Congratulations. That is so amazing and inspiring. 
