-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n8s3g/the_struggle/

Someone please say something. Anything to keep these cravings at Bay. I don't want to drink tonight. Bit as it does alcohol seems slightly romanticized in my mind today. I will not drink today. But encouragement is very much appreciated. First sober New year's Eve in a long time.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi!!! You're doing great! Two things:..1. Can you get some chocolate? Oreos? Anything to offset the sugar that alcohol used to put in your system? ..2. What was your most favorite part of a hangover? I loved loved loved not being able to bend over without feeling like I was going to throw up. 
I found that the biggest part of the struggle is the tricks our minds play on us as far as what it will do to feed the addiction. I just view NYE as just another day. I personally will look back on the year as one of personal growth because 2017 was the first year in a long time that I did not consume any alcohol. The first NYE I did not drink I felt a sense of empowerment and it gave me the feeling that I can do this thing. Sounds cliche but it truly is one day at a time. Then before you know it a year has passed. Last NYE I spent time on this sub reading and posting. I did get some nice food to make my self-comfortable. Treated myself to some treats then started my diet the next day LOL
Hey friend play the tape forward. If I drink tonight I know I will do something stupid. I will have depression anxiety and a hangover. I will feel like absolute shit on new years day. I could possibly continue drinking heavily for days weeks or months to come. Plan out some movies to watch. Eat like a king and have plenty of non alcoholic beverages on hand. Take a long walk if the cravings become overwhelming. Stay strong you'll thank yourself tomorrow morning. I will not drink with you today. 
Hi there well you've come to the right place.  I've just come out on the over side of midnight of nye (aussie) it is my first sober nye in more than 30 years.  I have always loved nye and was feeling uptight resentful and downright not thinking straight.  It is nearly 2am here and I'm imagining the inglorious drunks on the streets right now.  I feel absolutely amazing to be sitting here now so clear headed.  Little rocky there for awhile but amazing on the other side.  See you on the other side too.  Take care and be gentle to yourself.  Happy New Year!
Not sure if it is appropriate to post this here but I have found that reading chapter 5 How it works out of the big book helps me. 
Just play it forward. Imagine how it might feel at 11pm 12am or 2am. Does it feel like a place you want to be? Probably not. So deep breaths and continue as you are. A glass of something nice in your hand and some snacks etc. And revel in how calm and good you will feel at 8am new years day.
Sending encouragement!..There are meetings all over just for this reason!..I'd go to a meeting and get sober support.
