-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n9nwc/three_years_sober_what_an_amazing_gift/

Three years! I'm stuck in bed this morning with a cold (and alcohol-free DayQuil) but it's still so much better than a hangover so here is my reflection on three years sober. ..If you met me three years ago you would have seen a life that looked perfect - sweet husband good job caring faith community a healthy array of volunteer commitments - but on the inside I was chronically suicidal secretly living with severe PTSD struggling to make any headway in eating disorder recovery and in an abusive marriage. I needed alcohol to maintain the illusion; I had to numb myself constantly to convince myself and everyone else that everything was okay...Getting sober meant that my perfect life had to fall apart in order to turn into something beautiful and authentic. Getting sober was a reckoning with the truth. I had to admit that I was not in control. ..I had to face the fact that without alcohol I couldn't be with my now ex-husband because he had hurt me so many times. I had to accept that without alcohol the sexual abuse flashbacks were crippling and I needed to open up and get real treatment. I had to find a new job new friends a new faith community and all of those losses hurt. ..But I didn't drink over the pain thanks to this subreddit 12 step meetings non-12 step support groups new loving friends and a wonderful therapist. So instead the pain showed me the life I wanted to live and that was an incredible gift. ..Sobriety for me meant learning to be vulnerable asking for help and letting people in. And that was terrifying but now everyday I feel loved. I feel so much more now - more joy more grief - but that's okay because I never feel alone. ..Sobriety gave me health rich friendships a deeper relationship with God and the strength to pursue a more meaningful life. And I am so very grateful. ..Happy New Year SD and a great big thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

That was so beautifully written and it resonated with my own experiences and journey. I had relapsed after 2.5 years of sobriety and it was due largely in part to not accepting that I was not in control- humbling to say the least. 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!
I am saving your post to remind me where I am going.
Thank you so much for this. I too am sick in bed today and reading your share made me feel a tad bit better. Happy new year to you. 
Congratulations--it seems like you've come so far! Thanks for providing the inspiration to keep going! 
Thanks for posting. That really resonated with me.
Great post!
