-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7n9zqs/12_year/

Wow it's been six months. That's amazing. It simultaneously feels like it has been a lifetime and at the same time it feels like so little. I'm not on the traditional path. I have been using marijuana for the last six months for anxiety. It turns out marijuana has removed all desire to drink since I started. I have not had one craving nor very much anxiety since I started smoking...I literally have no desire to drink and I haven't since I quit. I could sit in a bar all day and night and never want anything other than a soda. I regularly have access to alcohol and I don't drink it. Something has switched in me that was never there the other sobriety attempts...Every other time (without pot) all I thought about was alcohol. I relapsed many many times. The longest I made it was 56 days. Most attempts were for 30 to 45 days...I don't do AA (tried it many many times and really don't like it). I don't have any support other than /r/stopdrinking. I just live my life and don't drink...Thanks for the support everyone! I don't come on here often (only to check my badge and post every milestone) but I really enjoy this sub...
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 6 months!! It's feels amazing doesn't it? And here's to the next 6 months :)
For some reason 6 months was my most meaningful milestone. Great job and Happy New Year!
That's some great work there....keep it up. We are always alcoholics so always remain vigilant.
Hooray for you!
Great work! 6 months feels good!
Aww Yeah!!!
Congrats! I can identify with a lot in your post. I have actually never tried to quit drinking before- though I have spent plenty of time thinking about it. But now it's like a switch went off. I feel oddly calm and certain about my decision to quit. I too use marijuana and I think it really helps. I use a vape/ pen so I'm not actually smoking anything. I am considering  quitting that too but not yet. One thing at a time... .happy sober New Year :)
