-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nb645/i_wanted_to_share_my_accomplishment_with_someone/

After 10 years of taking ativan every day as prescribed I am finally done.  I stopped drinking 34 days ago and began to taper myself off benzos so that I could start the new year truly clean.  ..I've stopped drinking several times over the years and always eventually relapsed.  However I have never stopped taking ativan.  My anxiety/panic/ptsd has been awful over the years and it just never seemed possible.  I have never abused the medication but had understandably built up a tolerance and therefore slowly increased my dose under doctors orders.  ..Eventually the efficacy of the medication diminished despite taking more and more.  I would take my dose throughout the day to avoid the resulting anxiety (interdose withdrawal) from not taking it (instead of taking it in response to environmentally caused anxiety).  I felt numb and foggy all the time drank every night woke up hungover and anxious then took my ativan so I could function.  ..I've felt like a shell of a human for a long time now.  I have tried to taper several times and the side effects were brutal.  Extreme anxiety and irritability.  Hot flashes.  Feelings as if the floor was moving when I was just standing around.  Miserable GI upset.  Joint pains.  And more!!..Whelp I began reading and educating myself on tolerance addiction withdrawal etc.  and armed myself with a plan.  I have executed it and I am now done.  I followed my schedule painstakingly over a month and change.  I've been a shut in taking fistfuls of motrin zantac vitamins water lactaid inderal and I even started an antidepressant ( was super reluctant to do this); all to deal with the terrible side effects.  ..I sit here today haven taken no meds other than my antidepressant and the world has not ended.  I feel more alert and alive than I have in a long time.  There are a lot of negative thoughts and emotions that have come up as I've begun to experience the full spectrum of human emotion again but I"m just glad to be feeling something.  ..TL;DR Finally got off benzos and alcohol.  Kicking 2018 off right.  
----------immediate responses--------

Bless your heart for the courage and strength to turn your life around.  Thank you for sharing this inspiring story.  Big hugs and best wishes for 2018.
That's great news. I always keep in mind the triangle: diet exercise and sleep. When I keep those things on schedule consistently my anxiety really fades. And like you say it's hard because you have to confront really strong emotions. But the challenge is keeping a schedule and to keep a schedule for a month as you have in face of your issues is remarkable. Here's to another month!
Your story is very inspiring you have real strength to achieve all that in the past month. Here's to starting the new year with a clear head and positive routines :) 
Hey thats really amazing. I hope you have support and people you can talk to. If not make sure you get to a meeting and meet some people who can relate. Good luck friend and what a year 2018 is going to be because we will be sober!!
This is truly an accomplishment!  Way to Go!!!
You are incredible!  What a feat!  You're today's hero for sure!!! .PS NunMoreBlack = Nigel Tufnel's famous line? ;)
