-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ng8zw/i_relapsed_after_nearly_100_days_sober_new_year/

I was fired from my dream job that I'd had for barely 9 weeks just after Thanksgiving. It destroyed me. I slid into a spiral of such depression that I gave the keys to my gun locks to a friend. One night I was trying to think of method to end it all in such a way that the results would be quick and not disturb anyone and simultaneously hating myself for having the thoughts when almost like an automaton I walked out of my apartment went to the corner store and bought a high grav tallboy. The sickening result-- it worked. It numbed my emotions just enough so that I wasn't thinking about suicide. . .It didn't work for long though. I got about a week's reprieve until one night I went out and bought a handle of scotch. I had a painless suicide plan that wouldn't present a gory scene to the police officer who would inevitably find me. As I walked back into my building I automatically stopped to grab my mail.  There was an envelope in it with faintly familiar handwriting and no return address.  I opened it as soon as I got inside. . .It was a card from an estranged friend. A friend that I had deliberately driven away for no good reason. The front read "just thought it would cheer you to know that someone's been thinking of you."  I pushed away the bottle of scotch curled up on the floor and finally cried. That was the last time I thought about killing myself. . .Unfortunately quitting alcohol wasn't as easy. I kept it to pretty low levels and managed to not drink every now and then but the anxiety would build up in me until I felt that only a drink could relieve it. I did manage to dump the bottle of scotch before I left to travel for the holidays but I've been sneaking small amounts of alcohol nearly every night. . .Last evening I drank the last airline bottle of vodka I had-- early enough that I could ring in the new year sober. Today starts my journey back to sobriety. Things haven't been easy but I am determined to be physically and mentally healthy.  I have a life to rebuild-- one that requires sobriety. . .So here it is. My accountability post. I will not drink with you in this new year. Happy 2018 everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man I'm happy you're still here with us. Here's to a new sober year and happier days.
Happy 2018! Welcome back. I will not drink with you today.
Iced water for me please
