-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ngr11/365_nights_365_daysof_freedom/

What a difference a year can make.  Quite simply I have to pinch myself when I think how much has changed in 365 days...01.01.17 - I had a hangover from hell and spent most of the day curled up on the sofa just praying to get through it.  Felt like death barely warmed up...01.01.18 - made breakfast for all those in the house walked the dogs and then went for a 25 mile bike ride and felt glad to be alive...Just a subtle difference!!..I have spent quite a while wondering what to write when my 1 year anniversary arrived and it has been really tricky to decide what to say.   Finding words to express just how different my life has become without an alcoholic cloud influencing almost every waking moment has been almost impossible without trotting out clich  after clich .  ..Today marks 365 days since I last had a drink and I would like to use this post to reach out to all those people on here who are wondering if they will be able to stop drinking and start living again. It doesn't matter if you are 21 years old or my age (M54)   I have changed my life for the better and you can too. Just believe in yourself trust that you are stronger than a glass of wine or a bottle of beer and above all realise that alcohol is a bloody nasty sneaky sly destructive and evil poison. I've done it and you can too. Don't look too far ahead and whatever you do don't have that first drink. Moderation does not work.  Ever.  If it did I would not be posting on here and you would not be here reading it...I don't know if I was an alcoholic and I really really don't care. I do know that too often I was drinking far too much than was good for me. On 1st January 2017 I woke up with yet another horrendous hangover after yet another evening with friends when I forgot to stop drinking before it was too late. I swore to myself that I would stop drinking just like I had promised myself so many times before but this time I meant it. Something had changed. Maybe I had just reached the end of my drinking life. Maybe my subconscious mind had simply realised that I had to stop. Whatever it was I did stop drinking and thus began this new sober chapter of my life. So what has changed along the way? I could write a very very long list but here are some of the highlights that I am sure are familiar to many of you... 	No horrible hangovers that were becoming progressively more debilitating and scary.. 	No more night sweats and waking up at 4.00am unable to remember the last part of the evening and how I got to bed.. 	Blissful heavenly sober sleep. Words cannot properly describe how wonderful it is.. 	No more guilt about what I might have said and to whom.. 	No more setting a bad example to my 3 teenage children.. 	Money. Probably somewhere between  1500 -  2500 not spent on alcohol. . 	I am 20lbs lighter than I was on 1st January and am fitter and healthier than I have been for years. I feel really really good.. 	I am quite happy to be a late night taxi driver for my kids and friends and don't have to worry about getting behind the wheel in the mornings either. Everyone's a winner! . 	My life is no longer ruled by the time on the clock that signalled that it was now "acceptable" to open a bottle of wine as a reward for whatever I had done during the day.. 	I have stopped pretending (aka drinking) to be someone that I am not.  I am naturally quite shy and a bit introverted.   Silence doesn't bother me and nor does my own company.  I usually don't do small talk very well and much prefer sincere one on one conversation than being in a room with 50 other people who have no interest in making conversation with me.. 	I am genuinely happy not drinking. The thought of having a glass of wine or pint of beer is now actually quite repellent and just in case I should ever have the slightest doubt I carry a mental tape that I can play to myself and the recurring image of my drunk former self is more than enough to keep me on the path of the sobernauts.. 	Sober thinking. This is the one thing that has perhaps been most surprising. I've read books devoured hundreds if not thousands of posts on here and really really  thought about what I was doing with my life. I was running away from things drowning some painful memories and uncomfortable truths in a sea of red wine hoping that by avoiding having to tackle them that the problems would somehow go away. They never do and trying to drink them away only made matters a whole lot worse. One year on I still don't know if my marriage will survive. But I will and I am a much stronger person than I was a year ago..In January 2017 quite by accident I discovered this site and can honestly say that it has proved a source of continued inspiration and support. So to all you sobernauts I would say this...THANK YOU  THANK YOU  THANK YOU!!!!..Thank you for your support your unflinching honesty your ability to freely express what drinking was doing to your lives and how sobriety is changing your life and the lives of your family &amp; friends. This is a wonderful community and I feel privileged to be a part of it..To those who are struggling to stay sober I say this. Keep trying. You can do it. Don't let this shit beat you...I will not drink with you ever again...Westyman
----------immediate responses--------

Lovely post - especially the last bit about sober thinking. Really resonated. Well done on your achievement! 
Congratulations Westyman.  You sound so solidly happy and I'm happy for you.  Thank you for this inspiration!
Happy one year to you!  Great list of sober benefits you have there.  :)  Sober on.
I want to say everything you just said. I wish I did it years ago. Sometimes I get mad at myself for wasting all of those years of weekends doing nothing but smoking and drinking. In the end I am happy though because at least I finally found the light to never get drunk again. 
Hey Westy!  Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats on a **YEAR** Westyman!!! So proud and happy for you :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g
     look what we did a year!! Looking forward to the next milestone with you - well done!!!! :)
Congratulations on the 365!
Congrats Westy! Proud of you!!
Well done and good luck 
Great achievement. Start today.
Westy! Looked for a post from you earlier today. Congrats to you sobriety twin and here's to a great 2018. 
Congratulations as someone who had a major drunk parent and who drank way too much in front of his own kids you quitting is a really important thing for your family... and the no more crushing hangovers is a nice bonus too.   Happy new year!!
Congrats on your huge success! 
congrats on your year! I really identify with the freedom. I'm less than 2 months sober and realise how much time energy and brainspace was given over to planning acquiring sneaking hiding it stashing empties worrying about being discovered regretting trying to remember subterfuge and manipulation. For years and years and years. To be free of all that is something to be so grateful for. 
Congratulations.  I really enjoyed the paragraph about sober thinking. Good stuff.  
Awesome! 
Terrific post.  Thank you and congrats on the milestone.
Looks like we made it together. So happy for you. For us. Thanks for helping me along the way--you totally inspired me to keep going. And ditto on everything you said. Life is better. Thank you.
