-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nkpya/anyone_else_go_to_their_first_aa_meeting_today_i/

Just home from my first AA meeting on day one of no drinking and I wanted to share my experience. Thanks to /u/PJMurphy for encouraging me to make this post when I got home. If anyone else has gone to their first AA meeting maybe first ever or first in a while or just wants to share their AA experiences chime in! I'd love to hear what you have to say. ..So I wanted to take action today - I got my badge here in SD I registered my name in the chat (hi guys sunsetter here) and I looked up a local AA meeting and fucking WENT..I sat in one of the chairs at the perimeter of the room assuming that was where observers would sit. It being my first meeting I had no idea how anything worked; I just wanted to be present and listen. SHOW UP...So the leader of the meeting was popcorning around calling people by name to share. Some had experienced true horrors in their lives some had attempted suicide. Some glowed about their new life sober and had encouraging words - others had been sober for years and were feeling down dejected still very much in the struggle. It was moving to witness these people share...But then the speaker called on me which I wasn't expecting AT ALL. "That young lady in the corner there..."..I guess I could have said "pass please" or something like that but I didn't. I spoke. I couldn't quite do the "and I'm an alcoholic" part of the intro but perhaps I'll get there. (the "A" word just makes me feel really dejected - right now it's not an encouraging word for me to use. There may also be a bit of avoidance in that but we'll let that lay.)..In speaking I was forced to articulate something. One of the things I've been struggling with surrounding my drinking is how much of my personality it has siphoned away. I have this idea in my mind that I'm outgoing ambitious funny engaging energetic creative - but when I look at my life of the last few years it's just... nights at home drinking. THINKING about all of the wonderful things I want to do and accomplish and then just... opening another bottle of wine and eventually falling asleep closing my eyes on another wasted evening of grand thinking. ..I was VERY warmly welcomed by everyone. By the glowing sober by the struggling sober by those who have suffered tremendously in their lives. Everyone was very kind. I will definitely be going back. ..Thanks for giving me a forum to share SD. Feeling really good here at the end of day one.
----------immediate responses--------

That's great! Don't worry too much about the term  alcoholic.  It's just the culture and ritual of AA; I think at the time it was formed there was so much stigma around the term that AA tried to redefine it (the notion that it's an illness and not a character defect etc.). I don't describe myself as a  recovering alcoholic  but I wouldn't mind doing that at AA. The term does not have the same negative connotation at AA.
Good on you! And great work on sharing too! It took me well over 6 months before I opened my mouth at a meeting and in just over 2 years I still get way too anxious to share at times. 
Am....... Anxiously optimistic about my first meeting tomorrow.  Glad to hear yours went well  I could really use a buddy IRL. I choose not to drink today.  Keep at it  and thank you.  I needed this.  :)
Oh great topic. AA has been a tremendous source of strength for me this past month. ..I went to my first meeting on 12/3 this year. I drove wayyyy out of the way (30 mins) afraid I'd be seen. Like kinda when you don't want to buy a pregnancy test in your town as a teen so you go the next town over. Haha. ..I walked into this old folks home not sure where the meeting was or what a meeting looked like. I had to ask a person in the hallway. It was 7pm so I asked   where's the AA meeting?  I got this look of surprise/judgement. They didn't know. Great first start. ..I wandered till I saw an open door in the back of the hallway. I walk in and see only men. I'm like uh... I'm a woman and that felt uncomfortable. ..Anyway I sat down and the secretary gave me a slip of paper. I accepted no understanding that meant I was going to read How it Works. ..Eventually the meeting started. It was all a blur. Lots of emotions. The secretary looked at me and asked me to read. I said it was my first meeting can I pass? He was nice and said yes. ..I was blown away by everyone's shares.... like it felt so relatable. I knew I was in a good place. ..Eventually it came to me to share. I just spilled my story. In tears. Someone stood up and gave me his beautiful 24 hour coin. Seriously this thing is absolutely stunning. A very nice chip. ..I remember shaking and crying on my drive home. ..I knew I was in the right place and program. But also it felt overwhelming and scary to know yes I am an alcoholic and i have a lot of work to do. 
I'm going to my first tomorrow. I'm so nervous. Great to see you got in well! 
I was uncomfortable with describing myself with the "A" word to until I started thinking about it as the progressive disease that it is. Also as others have said here it is said in AA context. To me this means the Step 2 paragraph that says I would not be of sound mind to believe that I was not an alcoholic. As they say to close one of my favorite local meetings "keep coming back".    
Awesome!..There's no requirement for the "Hi I'm PG and an alcoholic"...Sometimes I say "Hi I'm PG and grateful to be sober today."..
Awesome! I think about going sometimes because I've been to al-anon (for those who are close to an alcoholic) and I really liked it. But I'm more nervous talking about myself. This gives me a bit of courage so thank you!
