-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nlpbe/24_hours_sober/

I guess you could say I had relapsed. ..I used to be a very heavy drinker who would black out and it hurt the people in my life. Over the summer I stopped altogether. I started drinking casually over the holidays rarely having more than a single drink. But last night for New Years I drank like the people I was with and drank heavily...I had a mild hangover today. But even a mild hangover was enough to remind me why I stopped in the first place. I also felt very depressed...What worries me is that I won't be able to stop. I mean I'm still in a much better place with alcohol than I was this time last year and I did go months without any alcohol. But still I relapsed. I hope it never happens again. I hope I never drink alcohol again.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey want a cliche? Every journey starts with one step.  It's a damn shame that the journey into sobriety starts with the hardest step - shaking off the booze depressed despondent scared and alone. I've been where you are today so many times. I feel for you..Tomorrow will be easier and the day after easier still. Keep going man come to this sub try AA maybe(works for me). Just keep plodding along day at a time and things will get better..I will not drink with you today. 
I hope so too.
The last time I had a lapse I wrote myself a long long letter about how shitty I felt. I know that some people even make a video of themselves as a reminder. I find that as time passes I forget just how awful I felt in the immediate aftermath; the words I left for myself though don't fade. In my journal is a line that says "I will never do it again." It's a very effective deterrent for me...Take care of yourself! It'll take about 10 days to clear your system again as you probably know. 
Me too. I'm glad you're here. I've found this site to be immensely helpful to me. I'm only a few days in but I've never even quit drinking for as long as you have so good for you on that. Sending good vibes. 
