-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7noiqb/day_one/

Hi all. I will not drink with you today...I haven't been a lurker here long; less than a day. I found the link to the subreddit this morning on another thread somewhat unexpectedly. But once I started reading what everybody had to say it felt like a place where I need to spend some time. ..I've been drinking for about 17 years and as time has gone on what started as a habit has increasingly started to feel like it is getting out of control. My earnest drinking really began with a move out west and starting to explore the extensive micro-brew culture that seemed to permeate everything. I convinced myself that I was drinking to explore and taste and cultivate my palette and maybe I was. I've surrounded myself with friends who drink who enjoy drinking and who are proud of their ability to drink and keep things in their lives together. But over time my habit has become more of a compulsion -- and despite periodic breaks I'd settle back in to a routine of drinking more or less every day with full knowledge that it was due to stress anxiety and escapism. ..At the same time by objective measures my life was pretty good - great job beautiful wife supportive family and friends. That just seemed to make me feel worse since for some reason this piece of my life felt out of control and increasingly desperate...Visiting the subreddit today made me realize that even if I'm not ready to call myself an alcoholic that there are others that struggle with the same compulsions that I do -- who are aware that their habits are out of control or on the verge of getting there -- and who need some kind of help to try and address that. Right now I need a community -- I didn't realize it fully until starting to read the posts here. So I fired up a burner and decided to try it out. ..I'm not ready to talk with my family and friends about this in more detail; I'm even cautious about telling my wife that I'm making some longer commitment because it feels like it makes things too real or that I'm setting myself up to fail at that commitment. I guess the instruction in the check-in thread about "not drinking today" felt more manageable to me -- and seeing the community of posts that here with encouragement and support felt like the right place for me today...I'm tired of waking up with a hangover feeling regretful ashamed and depressed. So I'm not drinking with you today. I don't know about tomorrow or next week or next month or...much else. But I feel like this is as good of a place to start as any.
----------immediate responses--------

Me too. This is day 1 for me. I don't feel ready to tell my story yet but the want to quit is there you have it too but please talk to your wife 
Welcome to the sub and thanks for sharing your story. I have found this sub to be a huge help in staying sober. There is a daily check-in that I and many here commit to. It keeps the idea of "Not drinking today" fresh in my head...&gt;So I'm not drinking with you today. I don't know about tomorrow or next week or next month or...much else..That's how I go about it and that makes it the easiest way. Just one day at a time. Before you know it those days start to stack into weeks and months.
Your story mirrors mine quite a lot. I found this sub 2 years ago and it helped me give up drinking. It's easily the best decision I've ever made. ..I will not drink with you today.
Day 2 for me! And yes reading this my story is similar as well. From the outside everything appears perfect in my life but inside is this uneasiness...even if sobriety doesn't fix it I'm convinced it will remove the  beer goggles  so I can be clear minded enough to find the tools to feel better inside. So I'm feeling pretty good about that. Reading and being active in this sub is helping a lot. One day at a time...and I will not drink with you today!
I was a lurker for a few weeks and I felt the same as you. Welcome. I hope you find as much support and solace as I have here. I'm pretty grateful I found this place and these people. I will not drink with you today. 
Welcome! Hope you find the support you are seeking here! IWNDWYT 
Drinking for my anxiety was the worst thing I could have ever started for it glad I quit the feeling of impending doom for days on end is the worst.
Thank you for sharing your experience which I empathise with. I'm hoping that by giving up alcohol I can be a better version of myself and face up to issues that are making me unhappy. Of course there is always the chance that life will be much brighter without alcohol and my problems are more in my head but I am confident that either way I will be stronger and more self assured to face up to whatever comes my way. ..Stay strong and use this community to help you in any way it can. We are all human and shouldn't be hard on ourselves. The kindest thing we can do for ourselves is to stop poisoning our bodies and mind with a highly addictive legal drug. 
Like you I stumbled upon this by chance reading another article in the early hours of the morning when I'd woke up with that dread of how the day was going to get again pan out... the sound of my children in the background and my husband mentioning something about the cruel things I can't remember saying. ..I too didn't drink with you today. And now I'm going to sleep proud and less anxious about tomorrow's day ahead. But I already trouble shooting into when I'll next want that drink and what to do when I'm convincing myself  I'll be fine' with just one... ..What then?
Okay. That's the same answer we all need to be putting back at each other until such time... that the fear is over. I do want to believe I can conquer that fear. Thank you.
Hello and welcome. I am in a similar place to you re: not wanting to tell people because I figure it's unrealistic that I'll ever actually be able to quit so I'm just setting myself up to fail. I found the advice to just aim for 30 days really useful. I've told most of my friends and family that I'm doing dry January and because that's a really common thing to do everyone has accepted that. One friend I told I was reading sobriety websites is already telling me that giving up drinking is no fun think of all the delicious wine save it for big nights out etc. So I don't think me or my friends are ready to hear about anything past 31 Jan!!! So... 1 day at a time!..I wish you all the best.
Welcome! ..IWNDWYT
Thankyou 
