-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nr6xo/time_to_say_enough/

I came across this SR through the article at The Guardian and spent a lot of yesterday reading. I feel ready to commit to not drinking with y'all today. ..I'm just over how I feel after a bottle or two of wine most nights. I have gone cold turkey twice for a week in the past two years when doing the Act for Peace Ration Challenge. Funnily enough it was vegetables I missed not booze. But the minute the challenge was over hello shiraz for breakfast. Usually I only drink from late in the day very rarely if out a glass of wine at lunch. Mostly because driving is absolutely associated with being sober for me...But come evening it's like I just want to switch the hell off. I work from home as a freelance writer and communications consultant and am sole parent of a 10YO. We had to flee the ex-husband due to DV and CSA seven years ago and wound up in a little town at the other end of the country from him. Sometimes this town drives me nuts...I wasn't much of a drinker through my 20s and 30s mary-jane was a regular habit for most of that time. But I droped that cold turkey before leaving the husband as I knew there was legal shit fights ahead. I also didn't drink at all for that first year so as to be clear-headed and did two years of DV counselling and two years of seeing a psychologist...But somehow what started as a one glass on a Friday night reward gradually morphed into more more often. and more even more often. For the past two years it's been stupid. And I am struggling to stop. I hate the way my body feels - overweight bloated hungover. I despise myself for the number of bottles going out in the recycling. I am horrified by how much money I've spent and the fact my kid has seen me take a few "wobbly boots" tumbles...And the lost time - I haven't picked up my guitar for over a year or painted or written a decent poem or finished a piece of crochet. I have all of these fantastic non-fiction books I've been collecting but rarely even pick them up. Heck - we moved seven months ago and I have felt to tired and over everything to even finish unpacking most of my clothes and personal stuff. ..So. enough. time to stop. I have already been cooling the friendships with people that encouraged me to drink heavily and strengthened connections with people that don't drink at all or drink seldom.  I also took the tip from here to stock up on mineral water and lovely juices so I can make a nice beverage at the end of the day that is NOT booze. I did that yesterday so I would have no need to go anywhere near our supermarket today and be tempted by the wine section. Funny not being a fan of coke and such it has never occurred to me to buy myself anything nice to drink that isn't alcohol or a tea! Often I've been too broke for that kind of thing but that's not the case right now. There's plenty of work coming in and that's another motivator as I need more sober time to get it done! ..Sorry about the long-winded introduction. Thanks for all being here..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Glad you're here!
Welcome.
Glad you're here.  I love waking up sober and I will not drink with you today!  This sub has been a godsend for me.  A great place to connect with people any time of the day or night and you will find great advice and support.  You can do this!
Not long-winded at all!.I have really enjoyed getting back to pastels acrylics and writing as well. I used to think alcohol made me feel more  creative  but things turn out so much better more real and alive without it. So glad you're here  welcome and thanks for sharing your story. IWNDWYT 
I am with you! I started my little wine habit very gradually after a painful divorce finding myself alone in a foreign country with two little kids. When it started it was an occasional treat. For the past two years it's been every night. The sluggishness and loss of productivity and creativity the loss of meaningful energetic time with my kids - it's reached tipping point. Day 3 and feeling well and I will not drink with you today   
Welcome! So glad you're here. Sounds like you've gone through a lot and I congratulate you on make the choice you're making. Quitting drinking has immensely helped my energy levels. I was also drinking wine nightly to de-stress and shut off. What an effect it took on my energy and motivation. I am also using my creative gifts again. And it's only been a little over a month! I will not drink with you today! 
Seems that Guardian has brought a number of us together.  I will not drink with you today!
Welcome! The cash piles up quick when you're not whipping it down a stack at a time. I spent two years unable to afford a game console while at school. 40 sober days and suddenly I had the money!
