-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ntvo1/what_does_it_mean_to_be_an_alcoholic/

This is something I've been thinking about lately. ..I promise you that I'm asking this question with complete honesty and good intentions. I'm also trying to be transparent as I figure out my own struggles with alcohol consumption...There's probably two parts to this post with two different questions. The first is well what does it mean to be an alcoholic? The second would be what does it mean to be an alcoholic *for you?*..Maybe I'm wrong but it seems as if the term "alcoholic" might be a bit dated medically (but not in other areas). The reason is that I haven't really heard doctors use it much instead opting for terms like "alcohol use disorder" or "alcohol abuse." It seems as if alcoholic might be more of an identity. Despite what I've said I've gone to AA a few times and of course the term "alcoholic" is used very frequently there. It feels as if alcoholic is in a sense a term that people use when they fully accept their addiction and abuse and realize it is a part of them. Am I missing the mark? If so well what is an alcoholic?..And this leads to the second part and its the part that I feel more uneasy writing about because I don't want to step on toes or sound like I'm in denial. The truth is I'm not sure if I *am* an alcoholic. And that's not to slight the harm I've done to myself and those around me. And while I know many alcoholics have said they're *not* an alcoholic when they are I really don't think I'm in denial when I say that. I had a really messed up relationship with alcohol and need to stop or should stop for good. I know my medical chart says "mild alcohol use disorder." I think well if a clinician was really describing my problems with alcohol as mild it is to really categorize things and not look at the big picture because it fed into panic disorder and bipolar disorder that all combined together was really really severe and scary at my worst around this time last year. ..But the reason why I'm hesitant or uncertain to say I'm an alcoholic is that I never experienced some of the things I associate with alcoholism. I never had withdrawal symptoms beyond a hangover if I pushed myself too far. I never would get shakes and certainly never went into the DT's. I didn't have physical cravings and could go days without drinking (and usually did). I'd binge drink on the weekends in social situations. I think it was largely in response to panic attacks and just a desire to physically feel good when emotionally I wasn't sound...I look at my grandfather who was a severe alcoholic and other people I've known to be severe alcoholics. I don't see myself in them. So maybe I am not an alcoholic. But maybe I am and there are just different types of alcoholics. ..I ask this knowing that for now I am not going to drink. At all. Not even one drink. The thought of not being able to have an occasional drink or try an exciting craft beer in moderation if I see one that sounds cool somewhere when I'm out bothers me. It makes me feel weak and ashamed. But whatever. I'm just saying no for now and that's all I can do and say no for now also with the expectation I'm saying no tomorrow too and the day after and so on. ..But let's say that I'm an alcoholic... is there anything at stake with me not knowing given my current battle plan? Like am I doing something wrong by not identifying as an alcoholic? ..I feel ok moving forward. Last year I went months without drinking. I went three months without any alcohol and before that had gone two months (I drank a bit on my birthday but went three months after that slip up). And it was really only in December it started to rev up again. I caught it early on. I think I can quit for good. I'm in therapy too and if I can't do it on my own I'll try AA again. My hesitation before had been when I went I felt uncomfortable being there.
----------immediate responses--------

I am not a huge fan of the word alcoholic. I'm not sure why but I just don't like it. I know I can never drink again but I try to just take it one day at a time and not worry about what to call my problem/disease. I feel like saying I am an alcoholic makes me seem so negative in reality I am a positive person working so hard to battle this terrible disease that I would not wish on anyone..Sorry if this makes no sense  .I will not drink with you today   
I struggled with the term alcoholic as well and you are right that it's becoming a bit outdated as a term as addiction becomes more and more understood by the medical community. I was hesitant about the term but I knew that I abused alcohol that part was clear. Once I realized that what I REALLY truly wanted deep inside was not to drink "normally" but drink the way I wanted without consequences I decided I needed to stop for good. I think alcoholic is a good term for me now because after prolonged bouts of sobriety I always went back to abusing alcohol after some time. "Controlling" what I drank was always such an effort and not having to deal with that anymore has been a real gift. 
[removed]
I feel soooooo like this too. I've struggled with it at AL-anon and it's what's kept me from going to AA. ..For me I don't like calling people a *something* when that is something with stigma. I work in health and we say  you aren't a diabetic you are a person who has diabetes . This reduces what can feel dehumanising to patients. It also helps to remind everyone that we are whole complex people not just this one aspect of ourselves. ..So I prefer to say I am a person with alcohol problems or unhelpful alcohol behaviour or dysfunctional alcohol habits. It feels less extreme and that also helps me feel less like an outsider in communities like this. We've all heard of the extreme seeming alcoholic behaviours but there are so many others we are good at hiding that should be addressed too...It's an unhelpful coping mechanism for me to do with my mental health and usually a sign that I need to be going to see a psych more often. ..Not sure if that helped! 
"If when you honestly want to you find you cannot quit entirely or if when drinking you have little control over the amount you take you are probably alcoholic" - for me AA pretty much nailed the definition way back in 1935 in the book Alcoholics Anonymous (p44) from which they take their name..I'm alcoholic because when I drink I get an urge to keep on drinking - this is an abnormal reaction. The vast majority of people do not get more thirsty for booze the more they drink the vast majority of people are not alcoholic. Having realized this and then come to the conclusion that the only way for me to live was to quit drinking entirely I found that I couldn't stay stopped on will power alone this for me clinched the deal...Luckily though I did eventually find a solution. Will power doesn't come into it - in fact it's the last thing I need today. 
I certainly don't think you're doing anything wrong by not identifying as an alcoholic. For me it's a term that I take very seriously and it allows me to frame my recovery in serious terms. Until I fessed up to that internally I made a lot of negotiations about moderation... all of which failed. ..One thing that is very important to recognize.though is that there are five subtypes of alcoholics as per the NIH. The  chronic severe  subtype makes up only seven percent of the whole. The rest of us have wildly varying habits from binging to evening-only drinking. We have professions and livelihoods. Most of us have not lost everything we have to alcohol... yet. Many of us don't have a physical dependency. I've learned from u/slipacre that binge drinking is arguably the most dangerous type of alcoholism it carries with it the most personal and health consequences due to its acute nature. ..I have heard it said that an alcoholic is the person who is just a little bit worse off than ourselves. That was super dangerous thinking for me. 
In the beginning I got hung up on terms and definitions...I as they said in AA was comparing rather than identifying - and I found enough differences for my inner addict to convince me I was not "one of them"...But then there was the truth.  I could not drink safely could not control it for long (and disliked it when I did) - and it was ruining my life... not in tangible forms like handcuffs or being fired but I was pretty miserable...I have been sober long enough to have "missed" the whole craft beer movement And cider and whatever else... and in truth missed is the wrong word  My wallet did not take the hit my liver thanks me I had a career that included some promotions that enabled me to retire on a modest pension I am happy - something alcohol promised but never delivered on...One beautiful thing about AA is that you will hear someone else tell your story (or even a fragment) - and for me that was an incredible powerful moment that led to my being able to go from trying to get sober - to being in recovery....
The first time I tried to quit or decided to take a pause in drinking- I did not label myself as an alcoholic. I thought the same thing I have never been in any legal trouble my withdrawals arent that bad never had the shakes never drank in the morning was still "functioning" - so I must not be an alcoholic. I started out intending to quit for good but made it 30 days and thought "hey I'm cured" I thought I could moderate I couldn't went right back to heavy daily drinking and weekend binges. It was a lot harder to quit this time around still didnt have really terrible withdrawals. And when I talked to my wife about wanting to get sober she said "you cant be an alcoholic you dont drink in the morning and you dont get the shakes"..Heres where your post is right alcoholic is a dated term- in the minds of many it is a serious condition but only serious if specific conditions are met. I consider myself and alcoholic even though I didnt meet the conditions that many people feel are necessary to use the term. To me an alcoholic is someone who cannot control their drinking when they start- I cannot control my drinking when I start- therefore I am an alcoholic. ..Additionally I think if anyone is bothered by their alcohol use- they likely have some sort of alcohol abuse disorder. The problem with our society is that we seem to think that people need to be full blown "alcoholics" to justify quitting drinking. I saw myself going on that trajectory so I am quitting now- some people say you didnt seem like you were out of control or it didnt seem like it was that bad- however they dont know the extent of it- and they dont know where I saw myself going. Sometimes I think the label alcoholic is helpful for me for my internal dialog for keeping me vigilant. The term alcoholic in use with others is more problematic to me because it seems to be a term that ellicits an immediate reaction in which they try to minimize my experience with alcohol against their personal perception of what it means to be an alcoholic...
