-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nutc4/anyone_enjoy_a_non_alcoholic_beer/

Firstly I know that this is quite a contentious subject that some people can have strong views about. Personally I believe there is no right answer in regard to Non Alco drinks and that it is down to an individual. However I am keen to hear what others opinions are...I have been dry for 13 months. After seven months I noticed a new Non Alco beer (0.0%) which was getting quite a bit of coverage as apparently it taste very close to the real thing so I decided to give it ago. ..I really enjoyed beer it tastes great. I don't buy in to that argument that you are conditioned to like alcoholic drinks as they taste foul to a child. For me many things are acquired tastes beer being one of many. When I was a child I detested the taste blue cheese coffee pickles dark chocolate spinach beer. Now I think they are all great!..So now I regularly enjoy an ice cold tin of 0.0% NAB most evenings purely as it tastes very refreshing. I only have one and never even get the slightest thought of loosing control. .I found the Xmas period quite interesting as I was actively avoiding things that I enjoyed but are spiked heavily with alcohol such as brandy cream and Xmas pudding. I also avoid food that I know have been cooked with alcohol such as Guinness bread beef in red wine. ..Now there are a few 0.5% beers that are still classified in the UK as 'non alcoholic' and I am keen to try some but I am still debating with myself if this is a slippery slop. I know orange juice and even ripe bananas contain 0.5% alcohol but I don't avoid them!..But for me a 0.0% NAB is perfectly manageable for now. Does anyone else enjoy them? Or does anyone have the unfortunate experience of attributing them to a relapse?   ..Interested to hear from you...All the best and good luck on your sobernaut voyage!
----------immediate responses--------

I have been told it is a dangerous game. I always thought I liked the taste of beer until I tried one. Had a prohibition budweiser given to me and it tasted like it was missing something. Alcohol.
Hey there - I do think it's a totally individual thing.  I was a wine drinker and I'm pretty sure non-alcoholic wine would lead me to pine away for the real thing and potentially down a bad path.  However if I'm having tacos or pizza I can 100% enjoy a NA beer with my meal.  It's just the hoppy taste with certain foods I guess and a total non-triggering enjoyable experience.  But again I never ever drank more than a single beer in a setting in my drinking days so I suppose I have no association between beer and a buzz. 
I'm sure it's very individual how alcohol free beer affects our cravings and such but for me they help a lot. Beer was always my drink of choice and yet without the alcohol they don't give me cravings for the real thing in the slightest (even up to 0.5% which is most common) the compulsion to have more and more isn't there either without the alcohol. In fact I would say that alcohol free beers have helped me a lot in staying sober...I also agree about the whole foul taste argument it never rang true for me. I really like a beer especially with certain meals so having an alcohol free option helps me not feel like I'm giving something up. However much I didn't enjoy the intoxication and hangover I really truly did and do enjoy the taste of beer...Which 0.0% beer is it that you found that you enjoyed?
I was sober for over 3 years and decided to drink a few non alcoholic beers. They were great. I loved being able to drink them and they tasted so good to me I started buying cases of them. After a couple of weeks I thought this is stupid I should just have a couple real beers instead. For me it lead right back to my addiction with booze and took me a little over a year to stop again. 
For me NA beers even the less than 0.5% beers quench my desire for a beer and have shown me that before I was really having the multiple alcoholic beers because of the alcohol. I now find it very easy to leave the bar and also don't feel like "I stand out" as I would when drinking soda or juice. I'm reviewing these beers and hopefully will help people trying to cut down or cut off alcohol. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDOUMOha4jkAXZerulWSVDg/featured?view_as=subscriber
I have a real taste for the Piston Brewery Flat Tyre NAB. Very nice hoppy beer with no weird after taste. My larder is now full of it and Heineken 0. Hace one of each a night no desire for more. Works for me. 
