-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7nxqk5/my_girlfriend_admitted_to_herself_for_the_first/

So like the title says she is for the first time really seeing she has a problem and is doing a great job being very active in her path to stopping drinking. ..The problem is I am an alcoholic and have tried so many times to stop she knows this and has mostly been there for me through it. I am working on stopping again and was hoping to find of do it with her but she essentially told me she doesn't want my input right now she just needs to focus on her and appreciates me being there to listen but that she doesn't want me to give any advice or share anything about how I felt when I first stopped. ..This hurt to hear. I do understand in a way she is going through a lot right now and needs to focus on herself. I get that and support that. But her saying she doesn't want to even hear what I learned or felt or experienced when I was where she is really? Is that acceptable? How long should I respect that? It just made me feel like I'm alone in my attempt at stopping and like she doesn't care about my struggles in the past or this time around.  Please tell me what you think thanks so much. 
----------immediate responses--------

Personally I think that's okay. As you have probably already concluded this is a personal journey. We need to be ready to stop and we need to be ready to ask for help. ..Let her know that you love her. That's probably all she needs from you right now...
This was a really deep post and respect for your insight here and will to help her...I think what she is saying is she needs to help herself first and find a way past her addiction that isn't linked or enabled by you...The hard part is I think the exact inverse is also true for you. I REALLY don't want to be a c___ for saying this but I mean it with love...There's hundreds of people here that care about YOU stopping and having a free and joyous life many of these people have stored up years of success and must be unrecognisable from the mess they were in before...I hope you will benefit from this and all the posts here and people who believe in you. I myself am really... REALLY twitchy *right now* but I will not drink with you today my friend :).
&gt;This hurt to hear...Well that's really your choice to be hurt isn't it?..Your girlfriend honored you with honesty.  She asked for your understanding and support...You don't like what she said.  You've decided to be hurt and resentful...Is that what you want fir her?  For yourself?
Hi buddy I see your hurt. If I was you I'd overflow with helpful advice. If I was her I would have had none of it...Thing is if I was her I'd be really protective of my own process. It is after all quite a heavy load. She has to find her own steps just like you. Maybe she also has some issues to straighten out? I know I do. This doesn't mean she doesn't love you. Any couples therapist would talk about the need for time and space alone. To me drinking is so personal I'd rather not discuss it even with my wife. I'd just feel trapped and exposed. But that's me...So for what it's worth - I'm happy for the both of you. My guess is that you're both in vulnerable places right now. That's a recipe for hurt and misunderstandings. I wish you both all the best and heaps and piles of love.
It sounds like she is just trying to work through this in her own way. She has to do it for herself and if she wants or needs your help/ input she will surely reach out...You may not like this and I may be wrong but it sounds a little like you are making this about you. You say this is your  100th  attempt I realize you might be exaggerating...but you say she has supported you. She is (presumably) doing this awesome thing for herself and you are trying to insert your feelings and experiences into hers. ..Just give her space. Do you. Focus on your own recovery and be there when and if she needs you...Congrats on trying again- you can make this stick if you want to. I wish you both the best!
Relationships are complicated. So very complicated. It's easy for us to weigh in with our own complicated pasts but we aren't you there loving her. All I think you can do is be there for her and look after yourself too. ..I don't know how quite to articulate this but here goes. Could it be that she sees you and your slips as something she has to deal with too in getting sober for herself? She has healing to do; she has to redefine herself. She may well be afraid that she will be imperfect as we ALL are in her journey as well. And she may want to be solitary in that process for a while. ..I hope you can hear kindness in what I just said. The internet is so hard sometimes. Congrats to both of you on doing this excellent thing. 
This is a tuff situation for sure.  There is a lot of emotions going on but a lot of positive things happening also.  I think one of the most helpful things a person can do to help another is to get strong and emotionally stable in them self.  She is probably skeptical at first or maybe even scared that either of you can get sober.  I know this by personal experience since both my husband and I got sober.  He got sober first.  I truly don't think he thought i could get sober.  He didn't talk to me much about his process.  After I got sober and had been sober for over half a year he started opening up to me about his sobriety drinking etc.   I had to get sober for myself and get strong and so did he before we could really depend on each other.  I think in the beginning our emotions were so raw we would of dragged each other down.   I think if he would of relied to much on me in the beginning and I relapsed he would of been in great risk of relapsing.  Be there for her love her and get yourself sober for you!  
