-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o0k1f/weird_thing_happened/

I've been struggling to stop. The problem has been getting worse. Woke up this morning with a hangover spewed and slept most of the day. Resurfaced at 2pm...About 30mins after rising a family friend (47) appeared. I don't know her as well as my parents but I am certainly aware her life has turned to shambles. She told us that this morning she woke up called in sick to work went back to sleep and woke up to her parents standing over her and ready to conduct an intervention on her drinking. She came straight here and tells us she's not going home because they're waiting to have that conversation. She's 47 with two children and ran away from home. ..It was like the ghost of Christmas future had appeared. Will I end up a drunk running from the truth and hiding from my loved ones? Jesus I hope not. I'm going to try harder. No more excuses. ..Thanks for listening. I feel quite rattled sad unsure. I just wanted someone to listen. Thankyou and IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

You can do it! I found alcohol only ever allowed me short term relief to ignore my problems but the problems grew and grew as I ignored them. Soon alcohol offered no relief at all and itself became a problem as well. All the while more and more problems compounding. My mind and life itself was thrown into chaos. From my experience alcohol only leads to one place and it is not a good place. 
I love how you described her as "The Ghost of Christmas Future" take that with you. Keep it in your mind..Let that make you take the first step.
What an eerie experience! Thanks for sharing!.If you want sobriety it's certainly available. ..I'd be dead for sure without AA. That's how I did it. If you're curious about AA but aren't ready for a meeting I totally suggest the podcast AA on Air. I find it really representative of what meetings are like and at the very least will make you feel less alone in this time! ..You got this!
Depending on where you are there is also smart recovery which is cognitive based and refuge recovery which is meditation based. 
Wow The Ghost of Christmas Future. She could easily be my future if I wasn't 4 days sober and planning to stay that way.  Thank you so so much for sharing that story.  
Isn't it interesting how this works? Almost like red flags/safety nets set in out place as a wake up call and we get to choose if we accept them. I encourage you to take this red glad seriously!!! Don't let it get worse.  I can't tell you how many of these I avoided and the wreckage it caused until I finally stopped and asked for help including 2 DUI's. I wouldn't wish those on my worst enemy. The crazy part is that I knew these were red flags and what i was risking by ignoring them because that's the game alcohol plays with your mind.  You loose your freedom and control. Surrender and ask for help! Find a group of close people you can trust and depend on to ask for help and submerge yourself in getting healthy and sober again. If I can do this anyone can!
