-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7o9xf2/hey_guys_kind_of_struggling_here/

So I'm 34 days sober now the longest iv ever been. Its great I feel physically a lot better and most of the time mentally a lot better too. I lost all of my friends due to my drinking. It leaves me wondering why I did it all. I thought that once I stopped drinking I could get my mates back. I'm still just as alone as ever. ..I know it's not about getting credit or anything but I've worked hard to get to this point but everyone still sees me as the alcoholic I am. It's pretty depressing and being depressed is a trigger of mine. ..I'm trying really hard being sober just nails home how alone I am. I'm left wandering whats the point. ...EDIT: Thanks guys was a tough night but I didnt drink and I wont drink with you again today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I feel the same way. I was just re-reading an old journal from May 2017 and I wrote: In January (2017) I learned that I didn't really have any real friends. ..Well shit! I knew it back then but I was in denial! They are all drinking buddies and how can they not be! Our common denominator was alcohol. Now that it's gone I feel even more alone. But I was alone to begin with because those 'friends' weren't present. A lot of them only want to drink and I don't get invited to stuff anymore. It sucks...I have been home alone most of the week depressed. But I think I needed it. I was just feeling really shitty. And what I realized is there have been lots of times in my life that I felt this way but I suppressed it with booze. And it never made it any better. And I know if I drink again it will lead to more depression...I know it sucks but I'm just trying to embrace this part of my life right now. And I knew back then that I was lonely and I didn't do anything about it. I haven't gone to support groups. I guess I'm not ready to stop being lonely! At least that's what I realized for myself. ..You're not alone in your loneliness there's two of us and lots more out there! 
Give it time. Being sober allows you to realize who your real friends are and make new friends. Start exploring new interests and hobbies and you will meet new people. .You are doing great you are not alone. I promise it will get better!.I will not drink with you today  
Just know with all your heart that you are in the crucible.  Being actively sober hurts alot sometimes but it's what heats me up and allows me to change myself from shitty forever rusting iron to hard useful steel.  Just don t leave before the miracle happens man the only fix for this is to just get comfortable being uncomfortable.  I'm single I live with my mom I'm not allowed to drive and I don't have a great job.  But for 3 months I've been busting ass to improve myself mentally spiritually and physically.  And I don't know when it's gonna pay off.  I don't know when I'm gonna meet "her" or get rich or anything but I know I'm gonna be fucking ready when I do.  I love you homie and I know your pain.  Buck up and let it hurt it will not hurt forever.
I have had these thought spirals before too. Sober you is a great you and that is how you find real friends that you connect with on a level other than drinking. One of the things that has helped me make connections is to go out and do things that I like to do and in the process you find others who like similar things.
