-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oci8r/day_11/

I originally wanted to make weekly updates not particularly because i felt like other people needed to hear my updates but because i thought that it would be theraputic for me to put 'pen to paper' so to speak in an area of the internet that wouldn't mind.  ..I don't think i can wait until Monday to do that this time.  ..For the past two days cravings have actually kicked in.  And they're not cravings to drink per se but cravings to adjust my mental state.  I don't want a beer or a shot but i want to be drunk.  Or take a bong hit or anything to alter my conciousness.  Which is weird because i've never been a big pot smoker.  Through my travels i've tried almost every drug under the sun with no long term ill effects.  The only bug that caught me was alcohol. ..So i'm wondering was it being drunk that actually caught me up or do i just really enjoy altered states of consciousness?  And if thats the case why is that?  Why am i wired that way?  Whats wrong with standard sober consciousness?..The past 2 nights have been particularly difficult.  I haven't yet asked my wife to remove all the alcohol from the house.  She is an occasional drinker.  A dirty martini before bed or 2 beers or a glass of wine.  Nothing even coming close to the behaviors or habits i have.  I feel like it would be selfish to ask her to change her behavior because of myself.  But here i am with alcohol in the house and a desire to get into an Altered State.  Its even creating a pretty decent amount of anxiety in myself and making it almost impossible to sleep...Ive been getting on by holding on to the mantra i just wont drink tonight.  Maybe tomorrow but not tonight.  Probably not the healthiest way of going about it because i'm dangling a carrot in front of my nose that i logically realize shouldn't happen but it seems to be working for me at least right now. ..My birthday is Sunday.  Usually my birthday plans revolve around alcohol.  Even though i'm in my mid-thirties i would always request off the day after my birthday so i could recover and not damage anything at work.  This year i'm near friends and family and they're all drinkers.  Being as my family wife and friends haven't heard about my personal little mission they're planning on coming over and i know that booze will be involved.  I don't want that.  I don't think i could handle that right now. ..I know i should probably just bite the bullet and tell them that i'm struggling and that i need space but as soon as i vocalize my desires to quit drinking my main motivation will evaporate.  Its bad to openly declare a goal because the brain will trigger the goal obtainment reflex by simply stating the goal openly.  I think that would be dangerous to me right now as well...I've been spending most of my days this week thinking about not drinking.  Thoughts of booze and pot keep wandering though my head...On the plus side today was payday and i was able to make an extra payment on one of my credit cards based on my personal budgeted allowance having more cash in it than normal.  I'm usually flat broke 2 days before payday and here i am throwing money at bills.  Aint that a damn grown up decision lol.  I'm also continuing to lose weight but again i'm pretty sure its just water weight.  ..I'm quickly approaching the second longest sober streak in my life since the tail end of the year 2000.  The first happened in 2010 when i made it from January 1st to February 15th.  That 45 day streak is the longest i've made it sober since i started college but i'm not sure if it is cheating since i smoked a fair amount of pot during that time.  No kids and unemployment made that a whole lot easier.  ..I woke up this morning thinking about beer and i'll probably go to sleep thinking about it but i don't think i'll have one today.  Will re-evaluate tomorrow.  IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I think it would be okay for you to just ask your wife about how she would feel about removing alcohol from the house. My husband occasionally drinks and didn't mind that request from me. I also let him know it was fine for him to have any beer in the place he wants (I can't stand beer). So if there is an alcohol she enjoys but you know you wont care about maybe that is what she can have on hand instead...For your Birthday it is YOUR Birthday so you can decide what you want. Maybe a movie instead or pick a nice restaurant maybe one that doesn't serve alcohol - not sure if you have many of those options where you live though. Or plan a game night with a hot chocolate bar and just let people know it's going to be a dry event because you haven't been feeling great lately. 
I asked my live-in boyfriend to not keep alcohol in the house; he was a normal drinker and was more than happy to accommodate me and in fact we still do not keep alcohol in the house. To normal drinkers it's no big deal we're not really asking them to give up anything - if someone had asked ME to do it it would be a BIG DEAL but to them it's whatever...As far as the cravings I had the same thing - I just wanted to get messed up. I had not been sober for a long time. I was uncomfortable with sobriety and I had no coping mechanisms. Over time I build "sober reference" - I did more things sober and became comfortable with doing them sober and the cravings went away. ..Good luck and congrats on 11!! 
My birthday will be on a weekend in February and I want nothing more for it to be a weekday again so nobody will make a big deal about it and want to party. I'll be away at school which will make it harder because my family understands my issue more than college friends do. Sure they make get a bit strange if you ask them to do something "uncommon" for your birthday but it's YOUR birthday. I completely agree that when you tell people you are trying to quit it losses it's value but you may also gain valuable support from them that you would miss out on by avoiding it. 
