-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7odmrr/friday_night_blues/

I've not had a drink since New Year's Day which isn't unusual for me since I generally don't drink on a week night. However tonight is Friday and my usual pattern is home from work about 4 and open a nice bottle of wine. It's half past seven and I'm still on fizzy water. But I'm struggling. All I can think about is whether one glass would be ok but I know it won't stop there and hey I've only not drank since Monday... ..So I'm going to go and do something to keep busy and if I continue to struggle I'll just come back on here and feel the love and support from you guys. ..Wish me luck. I will not drink today. I won't...   
----------immediate responses--------

You got this! Tonight will be a struggle for me as well so let's not drink together!! 
My first sober Friday for a very long time. I won't drink with you. Let's find something else to do!
You'll be ok. I will not drink with you this evening :)
Just imagine how proud and happy you will feel when you wake up refreshed and guilt free!   
Good luck! I'm in the same boat. First Friday night since deciding to get my act together; a little daunting but it's just another night right? I will not drink with you :)
IWNDWYT   you got this and are gonna be absolutely fine.   x
Think about feeling great tomorrow! Good luck.
The first weekend I didn't drink felt so weird. I've only done a few so far but it gets easier :) Hang in there!
 My first fri too . Well done us . ..I will not drink with you today..Ps how do you get the day badge ? 
This is also my first Friday night not drinking in... roughly a decade. I feel SO BORED AND ANXIOUS. What do I do?
I am eating crackers with peanut butter and nutella and a glass of milk!  I'm not drinking with you!  ..p.s. I love your user name so cute.
I've been struggling today too. I had 11 days slipped Wednesday hated myself and here I am two days later trying to justify drinking because of the  insane stress I'm under. I just keep telling myself that drinking will only make a bad day worse. I've probably repeated that in my head 1000 times in the last half-hour. But that if nothing else is passing time. 
[removed]
I'm doing laundry so I don't have to do it tomorrow and watching TV.  Going to journal for a few mins later.  I'll probably snack a lot but that's normal for me  
Hang in there! Think of having a wonderful Saturday and Sunday. IWNDWYT 
I will not drink with you tonight too. 
Waking up clear-headed Saturday morning is the best! Ok...one of the 7 best :)
Well it's now Saturday morning I'm clear headed wide awake and ready to grasp the day! This is the first Saturday I've felt like this in a few years... how amazing is that!! And it's thanks to you guys for your support and comments    ..Thank you! 
