-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7of1y6/advice_going_on_a_business_trip_with_others_who/

So next week I'm going to another country for the week to work on a project. I'll be travelling with 4 other guys who all love to get drunk and chat after work. I have only been not drinking since new years day and was hoping to get a little advice about how I might avoid being In tempting situations without trying to sound pretentious and say "I don't drink anymore" when just one month ago I was out hitting it harder then they were (id actually prefer to not mention it at all... should I lie?)..I'm kind of new here but I love this community because I can read your posts and comments for hours and any cravings literally disappear because I really feel all of us struggling with the same demon (not alone in the fight).....Thanks for any help!
----------immediate responses--------

Tell them your doc recommended a cleanse.  Tell them you're on an antibiotic.  Tell them you're trying to lose weight.  Tell them you're on a diet.  Tell them you're getting sick.  Tell them the sugar in booze has been giving you headaches.
Yes lie
I second the "I'm on a diet/cleanse" excuse. Especially since it's the new year I don't think anyone would even think twice about it.
I'm so glad that you find the community helpful!  I agree.  It's very helpful to me too.  I think it depends on what you are comfortable with saying.  You could say you are training for something.  Or that you are taking something that is contraindicated with alcohol.  Or you could just say you are taking a break.  People (who are not my close friends) have asked about it over the last few weeks and I just say I haven't been drinking much.  Which is true.  People don't really care unless they have some issue of their own. .
Definitely lie in early stages. Makes it faster and easier and they won't try to break it on you 
"Dry January"/"Dryuary" is a yearly tradition some folks opt into at least where I live - you can just say you're doing that and in my experience most people will leave it at that. I think it tends to not carry the stigma of "I don't drink any more" because it's got an end date even if you're personally intending to go beyond the month.
I've been surprised in business settings by how often I can just order a non-alcoholic drink and nothing or very little is said at all.  Usually if I do it at a table of five or more somebody else does it too.  It may not work in all settings but it's worked for me quite a few times...I'd start there and then maybe tell them you are participating in dry January or that you have a new years resolution to see how long you can go without drinking.  I will not drink with you today.
Yes I agree with some others who suggested it's a new year's resolution.  Most people would respect that seeing how we're still in January.
You might say you are taking a break.
If the after work gathering isn't mandatory for business discussions can you plan something else for yourself non-booze related. Like "I'm going to head down and check out the Yasaka Shrine tonight if anyone wants to do some sight-seeing." Then grab some takeout or fast food and head back to the hotel to finish up some work. 
