-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7of9og/interesting_observation_many_of_the_people_who/

In the last 40 days I have come across many people who told me when they heard that I didn't drink:.."Seriously? WHHHHHYyyyy?".."Ah but you will drink again right?".."I could never do that that's too hard. And it makes my life interesting. But afterwards I always forget most of it and the people that I met are not interested in me" (this is the saddest type I encounter. They seem to have a bit of double-think going on).."And sometimes... ah come on have a drink" (and then they repeat that a dozen of times during the whole evening)..And on many occasions it's the people who say things like this who struggle the most with alcohol and on many occasions I have heard people confess their habits and I have seen people get too drunk in front of me and it makes me feel very sad and motivated to keep going...Initially I was planning on just doing this for a while but as time progresses I am feeling more and more like I don't want another drink for the rest of my life...I see nothing wrong with one drink and occasionally two or three but I think it's naive to believe that you can stick with just that. It's such a slippery slope as your willpower diminishes with every drink. And then you start doing stupid things that you regret the next day or worse for the rest of your life...Anyone notice this thing about people's reactions too?
----------immediate responses--------

I have noticed the disbelief as well. A couple have muttered about needing to cut back themselves.
If I get asked why I don't drink I just tell them I'm an alcoholic.  No one has pressed me after I said that.  In fact I find most people compliment me on not drinking at that point.  If someone really pushes me I mention that the last time I drank I ended up weighing 120 lbs with track marks up and down my arms and I don't want to end up there again.  Tends to get people to back off.
lol well.....to be fair many of them might just have self control.  self control allows one to drink in moderation without being an alcoholic.
It's similar to an overweight person eating cake and ice cream trying to push some on you when you've given up desserts.  Yes they have a problem but no desire or perhaps willpower to change.  Having you join in would ease their guilt...Good for you for resisting.
I've encountered a lot of people like this. .. Just because you have to drink every day doesn't mean you have a problem. I drink a 6 pack of beer every day and I'm fine. .. If you don't drink what are you going to do socially? How will you make friends? Date? .. How can you work here and not drink? I wouldn't be able to come to work every day if I didn't drink. ..It's the people that are able to go to dinner with friends and have one drink no problem that have never given me shit for quitting. People who don't care about drinking don't care about why I'm not drinking (unless I want to talk about it)...I used to get upset about it and defend myself. Now I just let comments like that hang out there in silence. I didn't respond to the  how do you work here and not drink guy . My silence gave him a chance to think about what he said. It made uncomfortable so he walked away. He has never mentioned alcohol to me again. That was about two years ago. 
Misery loves company. But it is weird that ethanol is the only drug that upon giving it up only then do people think you have a problem. Like what??
This is so true. Its interesting entertaining and frustrating! Lol
I've decided to avoid hanging out in 'boxes' aka clubs due to it being a you must drink environment. I've had men order me drinks even after I said no or order me a shot when I say I'm strictly wine and for good reason. I agree most who don't get it are currently engaged in less than healthy drinking lives themselves. Not everyone cares to change or has extremes that make them break the cycle. 
I was talking about this with a tea-total friend of mine (we're both in our 40s but she hasn't touched a drop since she was about 20 as she just didn't like the taste)...Anyway I'm different to her.  I do like the taste as do *all* of my friends.  All my social life is based around drinking.  But I digress.  My best mate told me a while ago that every day when he gets home from work he walks through the door goes to the fridge and cracks open a beer.  Downs that and then cracks another one before going into the living room to turn on the TV.  Every day.  And of course he doesn't stop at two...Now he hates his job has a stressful life I suppose with a young family not a huge amount of money - no different to many people I guess.  And I think that's what he uses to justify what he does.  He doesn't see it that he has a problem as he gets up everyday goes to work etc etc...But this chap is the absolute worst for being any support when I've been dry in the past (only for things like Dry January).  It really is like if I'm dry and not drinking it somehow makes his night worse or even possibly makes him consider cancelling the night out.  Yet I think he's the one who arguably has a bigger problem than me...It is interesting.
&gt; Initially I was planning on just doing this for a while but as time progresses I am feeling more and more like I don't want another drink for the rest of my life....I felt exactly like this. Planned for a month but didn't want to go back.
Totally agree with you!!!
A response from a co-worker I really like "Oh you poor dear" truly pissed me off.   After I moved across country is when I stopped drinking and I'm planning a trip to my former hometown and will be seeing all my friends.  Kind of worried that I'll be running into these kinds of comments.
