-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ofbkd/badge_reset/

I relapsed. What did I learn?.Well I didn't work out the last week. I started eating unhealthy . I need to be more consistent with my routine .
----------immediate responses--------

What was your motivation for drinking?  .What were your feelings leading up to and during the relapse?  .How are you going to do differently in the future?..Sorry if these questions comes across as rude.  Whenever someone asked me why I relapsed I would always answer "I don't know." and it was the truth.  I've worked with some counselors and alcoholics to understand my relapse cycle and what is going on with my thoughts/emotions and how that leads to relapse (and how I can stop a relapse before it happens).  If you can figure out your cycle you can understand when a relapse is starting (I don't believe a relapse starts when you take the first drink) and how to stop it.
Welcome back and I can relate. Everyone is different but when I stop working out and my mood tanks. Next thing I know I feel bad and I start thinking about the bottle. I've always thought that I've learned more through failure than success. I don't know if that's true for you?..Not drinking with you today!.
I don't know what to do. If I'm honest about my life I think I was meant to be an addict in one way or another because of my add/adhd who knows.  I'm just happy it's alcohol and not heroin or some kind of pill. Apart of my personality is that I'm a bit of a rebel and know rules are negotiable . I look down on people who believe in their heart that rules are the rules! But maybe I'm the true idiot because rules are needed otherwise things tend to go to hell...and that can include an entire life. My life..I have a hard time following rules and that can include the rules I set for myself..I'm not sure what I'm going to do. I intend on working out super hard tomorrow to prevent the hair of the dog/excuse to kick start an all day drinking bender...A therapist asked me a couple years of ago what will you do if you don't work out? I was like ...what? Yikes...I'm just a junkie for brain chemicals . I think in the future scientists will figure out that ppl like me are missing some hormone or didn't  produce much of it from birth.  I've met a lot of people in my line of work and it's obvious to me that the more adhd they had...the deeper their addiction. My mother never touched a sip of alcohol but my dad was a drunk and so was my uncle. My dad stopped when he was 60....That was a long jumble of words. I failed but I don't plan on giving up. I quit smoking two years ago because I was never okay with being a smoker. I need to train myself to view alcohol as dirty /trashy. It's hard because it gives me something I feel like I'm missing in my day to day. .However with exercise I don't feel like I'm missing ..
I don't think I answered ur question properly. I just felt like I needed to drink and the thoughts wouldn't stop. I bought some junk food to help with the cravings but it still don't fill that void and I just gave in..
