-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ofkhb/at_the_airport_again/

There was a time not so long ago that I wouldn't think twice about going to the airport and grabbing a cup of coffee getting some work emails done and waiting for my flight. Something happened a few years ago where I started drinking before flights due to bordem. ..Now I'm on day #5 and I'm waiting for a flight to go home to my beautiful wife. Sitting here. Waiting. Flight is delayed. Waiting. Grabbed a cup of coffee. Waiting.....There are plenty of bars in this terminal. Why am I struggling with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel your pain.  I'm a nervous flier so a drink was almost mandatory before every flight.  Just think that you've come this far and your wife will be so happy to see you!!! And you'll be sober!!  IWNDWYT!
Airports are THE WORST for this reason. I travel a ton for work and am definitely familiar with this scenario. Because everyone is in transit and going through different time zones I've always used it as an excuse to drink no matter what day or time it was. ..But you've got this. You're going home to your wife and you're doing it sober. You (and she!) will be very proud. Have a great weekend.
Well done! Consider that coffee will pass through you quickly but beer will wait until the fasten seat belt sign comes on and the flight stands indefinitely on the tarmac. Have a great sober weekend.
I LOVED to "socialize" and pass time in airport bars. The downfall is that you have to wait forever on the flight for another drink find a time to get to the bathroom and then get off the plane in a haze and wait for your bags feeling SO exhausted. ..I get the struggle but you'll feel so much better when you get home. 
I can't wait to go to an airport and not want to buy a drink at the bar. I used to resent that I was captive to their overpriced drinks. Now the joke's on them! Sort of.
I had this the first few times I went to airports but it passed pretty quickly. Now I have new habits like finding a quiet corner and drinking tea while listening to some soothing music on my headphones. 
