-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oo9ao/why_is_honesty_impossible_for_me/

I grew up always scared of my father and therefore always lying to him about anything and everything big or small because I was always scared of his reaction. He would always be so angry for as long as I can remember when I was a child even till this day now 27. ..This has caused me to ruin my marriage. I got married October of 2016 and dated my wife for 4 years prior to that so we knew each other very well. She stood by my side every single day of the past 5 years while I struggled with addition. I came back from California recently after going to a program for 50 days so I'm about 65 days clean now. She was so fed up with me before I went to California that she was so adamant about divorcing me because she couldn't take it anymore and couldn't be with someone like me that couldn't get sober no matter what I've tried. The problem I've been having recently is that I'm having the same issue of not being able to be honest with her because of how she's reacted to my problems the past year and a half. She has turned into an extremely angry person towards me when she hears anything she doesn't like or when she finds out that I've relapsed or hid something from her. I tried talking to her for the past few months explaining to her that I want to be able to be honest with her no matter what happens so that we can move forward and work on us and our future together but that I'm having a very tough time being honest with her because I know how she will react and that she has no more patience or strength to support me through anymore problems or relapses at all. She admitted to me that she needs me to be honest with her so that she can help me no matter what. But she also mentioned many times to me and others in my family helping us with the situation that she can not take anymore relapses or any more lies at all and that she is completely done with me for sure if I mess up at all one more time. ..Today she went through my backpack and found 3 vicodins that someone gave me while I was in California because I hurt my back doing manual labor for the place I was staying. I did not take them and I can prove to her I did not take them because I showed my sponsor and told him and this was about 2 weeks ago and he knows I didn't take them. I should've thrown them out but I didn't and that's wrong but I knew she would go through my bag and find them eventually but I thought she would be able to have a conversation with me and allow me to explain and prove to her that I was strong enough to not take them and had left them in my bag now for over 2 weeks. She wouldn't hear a word I was saying and freaked out on me flipped out and kicked me out of the house with all of my stuff and blocked my number and is completely done with me. ..Ive been trying really hard to work on myself and my sobriety and be honest with myself and with others but I couldn't get myself to tell her because I knew what her reaction would be...Why can I not be honest with her or my father. I've been trained since I was a young boy to always be scared of him and need to lie to him to not have to deal with his anger problems and his anger towards me. This started happening with my wife also and I can't help but blame myself for not being able to be honest with her no matter what she does or what her reaction is but I was so scared to lose her because of what she said to me about any more mess ups that I couldn't get myself to be honest and now that she found them it's over and it's heartbreaking because it's actually one time I didn't use. ..What can I do to stop being so fearful and scared of my father and my wife's reactions to me and start being honest no matter what happens. I can't seem to be able to break through and be honest in everything I do.  
----------immediate responses--------

i think honesty like willpower is basically like muscle. You have to exercise it for it to grow. Start small. Be honest about the smallest of things ... soon enough you'll be the type of person who doesn't lie about anything and it will be a source of pride. 
Check out some literature from Adult Children of Alcoholics &amp; Dysfunctional Families.  I recognized  in me a lot of the characteristics they list and I think you may find it useful: (http://www.adultchildren.org/) ..The Laundry List   14 Traits of an Adult Child of an Alcoholic..1) We became isolated and afraid of people and authority figures..2) We became approval seekers and lost our identity in the process..3) We are frightened by angry people and any personal criticism..4) We either become alcoholics marry them or both or find another compulsive personality such as a workaholic to fulfill our sick abandonment needs..5) We live life from the viewpoint of victims and we are attracted by that weakness in our love and friendship relationships..6) We have an overdeveloped sense of responsibility and it is easier for us to be concerned with others rather than ourselves; this enables us not to look too closely at our own faults etc..7) We get guilt feelings when we stand up for ourselves instead of giving in to others..8) We became addicted to excitement..9) We confuse love and pity and tend to "love" people we can "pity" and "rescue.".10) We have "stuffed" our feelings from our traumatic childhoods and have lost the ability to feel or express our feelings because it hurts so much (Denial)..11) We judge ourselves harshly and have a very low sense of self-esteem..12) We are dependent personalities who are terrified of abandonment and will do anything to hold on to a relationship in order not to experience painful abandonment feelings which we received from living with sick people who were never there emotionally for us..13) Alcoholism is a family disease; and we became para-alcoholics and took on the characteristics of that disease even though we did not pick up the drink..14) Para-alcoholics are reactors rather than actors..[Laundry List](http://www.adultchildren.org/lit-Laundry_List) 
Did she marry you knowing you were an alcoholic?
