-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oqtgg/my_story_so_far/

Had some good feedback from a post I made yesterday so I decided today I would post my story. I just hope it helps one person. Where did it all go wrong? I am still not sure but I know for a fact where it all went right......Grew up a good kid in a good family. My older brother is autistic so that brought its own set of unique challenges but I had everything I ever asked for. I stayed away from drugs/alcohol early on because I was focused on my tennis development. No time to party with Saturday morning practices. Around my junior year in HS things changed... my parents were going through a divorce and those parties I passed on - I became more curious about. The first time I got drunk was at a party that I was now hosting and I loved it. Those Budweiser's opened doors for me that took 15 years to close...Around this time I had a friend who worked at a local restaurant... He had a crazy idea that we steal all the alcohol from the place after they closed. Long story short we did we bragged we got arrested charged with felonies. I went from high school tennis player to accused felon overnight. I remember being 17 years old sitting in a holding cell watching a fellow inmate take a shit right in front of me thinking "i will never be back here". I'm kicked off the tennis team and essentially kicked out of school. Didn't stop me from drinking...The downward spiral ensues and I get arrested over and over again for petty shit (minor in possession etc.). Landed at a junior college after being forced out of my high school and actually got to play tennis there. I was 17 years old hanging out with college kids... fuel to my fire. Had a great time plus easy access to drinks. Didn't stop me from drinking...I end up going to a great University because throughout the turmoil I was always able to keep it straight in the classroom and test days. But setting me loose in a college atmosphere was like throwing fuel on the fire. Late nights harder drugs nobody to put the brakes on anything. A few more arrests. Didn't stop me from drinking. ..I graduate at 20 years old (again.. 'functioning' train wreck here). Didn't feel like working right away so I just hung out for a year and drank and drugged. Finally somebody suggested I deal cards at the casino while i figure my life out. Great money interesting gig for a young kid... But that job was like adding more fuel to the fire. Late nights harder drugs nobody to put the brakes on. A DUI is blurred into this chapter of my life. I didn't even follow through on the court ordered steps because fuck it. Didn't stop me from drinking. ..Around this time I met a girl from an incredibly rich family that turned my life around. I go from flipping cards at the casino to working for her dad. I was taken on the whole ride. Family vacations to the beach house in Hawaii ski trips to Colorado and Utah perk after mother fucking perk. Life was good right? The struggle was over? Not even close.... whether any of them knew or not I was carrying this HUGE monkey on my back that wouldn't go away. I had everything but I wasn't happy. Didn't stop me from drinking...After 5 years the girl gets tired of the act and ends it. I do not blame her I was a mess. I would rather sit in a dark basement with an 18 pack then hop on a plane and enjoy 2 weeks of sunshine in Hawaii - no joke... this was my mentality. So I lose the girl lose the job lose the house I'm living in.... but I fight to keep the dog (priorities right?) If this isn't enough I go ahead and mix in DUI #2 in there fuck it. Didn't stop me from drinking...So DUI #2 is important here... When I was pulled over I almost felt relieved. I'm now 30 years old and I feel like I've been off the rails for 15 years. Who knows... Maybe I get in a wreck that night and kill myself or others. Looking back... I know somebody had a plan for me that night. No more skating the legal system. I'm going to face this stuff head on. They are going to throw the book at me. I had the money to hire a good lawyer (same lawyer I've had for ALL my arrests - dude is like family at this point)... I get probation tons of classes and the breathalyzer in my car. (I actually failed the breathalyzer in my car once... added 3 months to the 12 I had initially. what a dumbass) Hard to get a date in a beat up car with a breathalyzer (actually i dont know because I didnt try - who would date this loser)... So classes breathalyzer... Didnt stop me from drinking...I land a new job making half of what I used to. Living in a run down studio apartment. I'm drinking 12 packs on weeknights 18 packs on weekend nights. I got this dog I fought to take care of but I cant even take care of myself. I'm working 10 hour days and leaving him home alone the whole time - of all the shitty things I've done in my life this makes me feel the worst. I love this dog. So I got down on my knees and prayed "Dear God... please let me make more money so I can afford to hire someone to take care of my dog while I'm at work"... Everything in my life is in absolute turmoil - my love life my career my legal issues my health.... and all I can think about is taking care of this dog... Two days later there is a knock on my apartment door... A neighbor who I've met in passing in the hallways... "Hey man... my name is Amir... I live down the hall... I noticed you work all day... I am around during the day taking care of my mom... Would you like me to walk your dog while your gone... It would be my pleasure".... (not going to lie I just cried typing out that last part). Folks I can't explain it... there is just no way. But somebody was trying to tell me something. My call was answered. This stopped me from drinking...3/17/17 a few weeks after I felt like I was touched by an angel... I said no more. I started listening to the counselor in the court appointed classes and it made a lot of sense. I stripped it all down and started over. Took me over a year to sort out all the legal messes I created but I was determined to face everything head on. No More Running. ..I sit here this morning drinking my coffee thankful for another day. To anybody reading this who is just starting out... I WAS THE WORST... I literally thought my biological makeup made it impossible for me to stop drinking just thought it was part of who I am. There is not a magic wand you can wave to make it all better but sometimes a friend will simply ask to walk your dog - and that has made all the difference...God is good. 
----------immediate responses--------

That story sounds familiar in so many ways. To be honest that was difficult for me to read with tears rolling down my face. I will revisit this and try to share my story when I have more sober time under my belt. In the meantime thank you so much for sharing...I will not drink with you today...I will not drink with you today
God IS so good!  Thank you for sharing - sober on friend!  
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!  You know what is so weird I was thinking this morning about what it took for me to get sober.  It was someone showing me real genuine love without asking anything in return.  We all need an Amir in our lives!!  God bless him.  He heard the call and responded.  I am so thrilled for you!!  I went through it too with my Beagles.  I totally get you.  Hugs to your pupper!!.You are exactly where you need to be doing exactly what you need to do to make life worth living.  Keep up the phenomenal work!  You're a champ!  And yes God is good.  ALL the time.  IWDWYT!!
What an inspirational story thank you Bill. I will not drink with you today :)
You hit me right in the feels this morning thank you!!! 
This story was amazing I was hanging on every word. I think you've found your calling! I'm sure it will help many in this sub. 
This is a great story. My husband always knows if I've been drinking because I don't let the dog out as much- being a dog mom to my baby is such an important piece of my sobriety. Right now my pup is sleeping on my lap and I know I can fulfill anything he needs   
This is so inspiring. Thank you.
I've got tears in my eyes reading this.  You finally Stopped Running.  I had this experience with myself a year and a half ago.  I began to clean up my mess.  I began to face the huge pile of things I had not been willing to or capable of facing and started to climb up out of the hole I had dug myself into... and it all began with getting a job which enforced sobriety.  It did not stop me from drinking on my days out and time off playing with the moderation theory.  But it did begin a process towards positivity and slowly increasing change.  It brought me to a point where a month ago I finally did Stop Drinking.  ..**Thank you for your story.**.    .
