-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7orc4x/struggling_with_continual_slipups/

Hi everyone..I just recently requested a badge reset. It seems that I'll do great for a month and then some stressful event will occur and in my mind I am aware that I'm making justifications but I end up going out "just for one" and then before I know it I'm passing out on my bathroom floor with all of my clothes on...Of course it's easy the next morning to swear it all off again because the hangover and anxiety and guilt is too real. But I find myself being offered drinks and the guilt in taking those is sometimes more tangible because I'm fully conscious of the decision I'm making. And spending a month sober makes me so much more aware of the effects of even one or two glasses of wine...I'm just all around a little upset because I keep having these slip ups. I'll do great for a while and feel incredible and then I go overboard. It doesn't seem like there can be moderation for me. I know this isn't anything special but it's different living it in a culture where alcohol is so pervasive and normalized.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't moderate. I just experimented with that and failed miserably. There is a part of my that doesn't want to give up this poison either. It's a sickness. I'm really frustrated and wish I could wave a magic wand and desire would go away. I need to get time under my belt. I'll not drink with you today. 
This is just a suggestion and you don't have to follow it by any means but something that helps me with anxiety in general (and my drinking by extension) is homemade cognitive restructuring. If I'm feeling anxious or like I want to drink I grab a pen and a piece of paper and write down the following:..- What do I think is making me feel this way?.- On a scale of 1 to 10 (with 1 being fine and 10 being about ready to binge drink again) how do I feel right now?.- What are some pieces of evidence in support for the emotion? e.g. the feeling is depression and you know it's because you had an argument with your boss and you're afraid you're going to get fired..- What are some pieces of evidence against the emotion? e.g. depression from the fight with the boss but my work record is sparkling and my boss and I get along very well most of the time.- If the worst case scenario comes true what are some ways I can cope with it?.- Back to the scale of 1 to 10 how do I feel now that I've thought about the situation?..This helps me logically sort out how I'm handling a situation and where I can improve. It doesn't work for everyone but cognitive behavioral therapy is usually very effective in clinical work and small versions of it like this can help a lot in a crisis.
Have you read This Naked Mind? It addresses all of those things. It's a game changer!!
