-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ovkff/i_cant_make_it_through_my_first_day/

I have been drinking for 18 years off and on(I'm 34 do the math). For the last 4 years I've been drinking to numb myself from the pressures of work my wife and my kids. All of these produce stress making me drink to combat the stress. I'm scared shitless of letting go of my crutch. But I know I am killing myself and destroying my family at the same time. I know I have to quit. .I also struggle with anxiety/panic attack issues which make quitting harder. I am a healthcare professional so I know what withdrawal symptoms can do to you. Ever time I try to quit my mind plays tricks on itself telling me I will withdrawal unless I taper off. Im guessing most of you know how the taper works. You say I will only drink 4 tonight and then you end up drinking 8 10 12... and are right back where you started in the first place. I guess the point is I've realized I just have to do it and with the support of my stop drinking buddies I can do it. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

YOU CAN DO IT
Welcome to the club. I choose not to drink with you today as well. This is my choice. The desire may still be there but its a choice. I know I cannot have just one because it will lead to more. Choose not to drink. "It's the engine of the train that kills you not the caboose." Remember the first drink is what ends it the rest will just follow the first.
You said you know what withdrawal can do so I hope you see a doctor so you can detox safely. ..That said I'm scared too and I will not drink with you today. I self-medicated my anxiety panic and depression for years and not having that safety net of booze can be terrifying. But now I can already see that while alleviating the immediate symptoms it was making the overall problems much much worse while also creating lots of further problems. Maybe that sounds cliche but I've found it to be true. ..Another true/cliche thing is I only have to not drink today. Thinking about a whole lifetime without drinking makes it seem impossible but I can handle just today. Each day I know I did it yesterday which means I can do it again today. ..I had a hard time with it today but I made it and this place helped.
This whole business stinks but you/me/all of us can do it. 
IIWNDWYT. I'm glad you're here! If I can do this you can do this...I'm just starting this too. Do whatever you need to do to get 1 day done. For me the anxiety and fear has quickly receded which isn't to say it is over. But I know it is possible and I can see a future without alcohol. .I don't know how much you need to drink to start getting withdrawal but if you're worried about it get a Dr. to help. As you mentioned to self administered taper (in my experience) is futile.
Hang in there! Alcohol fuels depression and anxiety attacks. Push through I keep repeating 'I'm not going to drink tonight' 
Thank you guys I've never had encouragement like this before. It almost feels like a drug itself. I will without a doubt be coming back for support here.
