-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7oznob/two_months_sober/

So today marks two months into sobriety for me.  It's been an extremely hard day:..1. I have a splitting migraine that kept me up all night and brought me home early from work..2. I argued with my Mom over just a whole bunch of nonsense tied to my sobriety.  Though I'm 31 she really wants to set the rules here.  Since she's helped me financially I get the guilt trip any time I try to set boundaries.  When I told her I'd been sober for 60 days she said  Well we can't look to the past.   Which was sort of heartbreaking..3. Today I'm struggling with huge feelings of guilt and shame as well as a ton of anxiety...So in conclusion sobriety doesn't magically make the world a better place and take away all of our problems.  But it doesn't add drunken stupidity to the mix which is a huge benefit...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I would deal with this situation much better sober than drunk... ..Keep up the good work. IWNDWYT!!
&gt;   Well we can't look to the past.  .I have no idea what that is supposed to mean? But I'll say it since she won't: Congratufuckinglations! Two months is no easy feat! Here's to the next two :).
It's still early though I'm in the same boat too with the shame and anxiety but after around 6 months it tapered off. It's weird you start getting used to sobriety and after a while you look back on you're drinking not with nostalgia but with great disgust.  Today I got a text early from my boss who was seemingly upset abt something I forgot to do on friday. That text triggered something in my brain like "oh shit what did i do last night i got drunk" then I realized I havent drank in a while. Then I was like "fuck it eat shit dude" Anyway it gets easier is what im saying i just added that last part because it literally just happened like 20 minutes ago lol
Congrats on the time! The living situation will take time whether it be by you moving out or the relationship improving. Keep at it!
Congratulations on the mile stone I think it is a huge accomplishment keep at it.
Congratulations on 2 months!
Congrats!..&gt;sobriety doesn't magically make the world a better place and take away all of our problems. But it doesn't add drunken stupidity to the mix which is a huge benefit...Time takes time. Keep goin' you're doing great!
