-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p099q/question_for_the_relationshipruiningexbinge/

I'm really grappling with my sobriety this time around. Got sober on New Years after ruining several relationships including one with the love of my life. We both recognized we need space to fix ourselves and left the door open to reconsider the relationship a year down the road. We have been through quite a bit but we had to take a breather when we couldn't get through my drinking. We went on our official break on my day 5. The amount of guilt pain and discontent I feel is almost unbearable. We both still love each other deeply and that's what makes this time apart so painful. ..I read this morning about a man able to reconcile with his ex wife after being apart. Today I'm seeking some hope for my aching heart on this matter. Even if we can't work through this I'm needing some hope today. If anyone has any stories about relationships they were able to repair or have a similar starting sobriety story I would appreciate reading them...I talked to an old sponsor and she says I need the peace and tranquility the program brings to me more than anything. She says I will learn to stop hating myself but I struggle with that thought. ..It's my 7th day of sobriety (I think I have 6 days by the bots count) and I'm choosing not to drink with you today but damn it's tough without my boyfriend. 
----------immediate responses--------

feel the ache.  ..if you are truly taking a break for a year let that reality settle in.  you'll be a different person then.  it's exciting.  it opens so much space.  this is your time to process grow heal hurt go through all of the things...hope can often be a distraction from the work that's in front of us.  if you don't do the work the only person you short change is yourself.  why would you DO that to yourself?  you have the opportunity to start unraveling yourself know yourself love yourself and so many more things.  start where you are.  if there is no hurt there is nothing to heal.  pain is a great place to start because it points us in the direction of our work.  ..&lt;3
My wife and kids left me a little over a year ago and it breaks my heart  every day. If you can save your relationship as long as it is a healthy one. Please do it 
My relationship ended a few months ago. He did things wrong too but I see how easy it would have been to work things out or even stop them from happening if I didn't get drunk and pick fights over dumb things. I feel like even when I wasn't drinking the effects of doing it on the daily changes my mood and how it was. I hope in some ways we can one day be together again but I also feel like that will never happen if I feel like I need it. I think it's best to move on maybe stay in touch but it's better not to count on things that won't happen. 
