-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p180g/finally_relapsed/

Hi. I went to treatment at the end of July and got clean from drugs &amp; alcohol. I was on top of the world for the first 2 months and felt I had finally found a new freedom. Then depression hit me hard and I lost focus started to dislike the recovery community isolated myself and things started to get worse emotionally. I finally went to a doctor and got on antidepressants and am taking something for anxiety (the anxiety drugs don't work)...Last week I relapsed and started abusing etizolam and then drank to the point of blacking out last night. My significant other picked me up and got me home and I feel so terrible that I made her have to be responsible for my slip. I feel so disconnected from everyone and everything and it feels deep down inside that nobody could ever love me...Im terribly self aware and with that comes self consciousness and disdain. I can't see through the delusions I have created no matter how hard I try to change...My slip scared me and made me feel ashamed. My lack of recovery and negativity is destroying my relationship and myself and I just want help so fucking bad. I can stay dry but I can't get through the pain and fog and anger.
----------immediate responses--------

Well now you have a reference point so that next time you feel bad you can recall that the relapse wasn't worth it. ..And two months sober is better than two months drunk. Stay strong and focused on the future! 
Are you in a large enough city to check out Refuge Recovery meetings? If not have you ever checked out Buddhist teachings? Or meditation? I found myself thinking of the way Buddhism handles pain and suffering when I read your post. There's a quick primer on the meaning of life called The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying that you might like--it was profound for me and helped me a great deal.  
I read at the beginning of your post "for 2 months was on top of the world" and at the end "my lack of recovery".  2 months is really good! and should boost you through this relapse.  You are here - and that is a gigantic step in the right direction.  Don't beat yourself up - be kind to yourself and just keep at it.  Come here again for support.  IWNDWYT
AA has 12 steps to freedom and SMART has the 4 point program. I have seen the happiest people in sobriety following one of these programs. Each program has its own way of internalizing and expressing the positivity needed to sustain sobriety.  .  .I got sober with AA. I am still in and active in AA in large part due to the lasting impact it has had on my life. I have also worked through the SMART workbook and apply some of the concepts to my own journey. I have attended LifeRing and Refuge Recovery but I did not find them to be a valuable resource.  .  .Stopping consumption is the easy part of the journey staying happy and content to be continuously stopped is the difficult part. Do something to find that happiness and contentedness in your sobriety journey.
I would try to develop a toolbox of things that you can go to when you feel urges etc. (books AA Smart Recovery exercise...).Whatever works for you. I know I need several tools to battle this thing...
