-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p3616/im_forgetting_why_i_got_sober_to_begin_with/

I've been sober for just over 6 months. This is my second time actually succeeding on not drinking for more than a few days at a time. This time I called it quits when I ended up at the hospital for a few days and then back in a substance abuse program. I've been to a rehab center and did an out patient for some time. But now I'm starting to not want to put forth the effort to stay sober and happy. I've been feeling like drinking would just make my life easier. I know I shouldn't drink but figuring out why is starting to get difficult. I really just needed to vent this. I'm struggling and it sucks. 
----------immediate responses--------

Play the tape forward! Will alcohol help any in the long run? NO! It's good at tricking you into thinking you need it though. I would kill for 6 months of sobriety you're doing AWESOME!! Let's not drink together today!!
I have only done a week so I can't tell you what six months feels like but I can say stick at it...A week's close enough for me to remember just how awful the last few years (decades) have been. I would imagine the further away you are from the awfulness the easier it is to think:  Just one drink won't hurt . ..But for me that one drink becomes two then three then. Well you know the score I'm sure...I am sending you positive thoughts from Ireland. I will not drink with you today.
Can I ask what landed you in the hospital? 
"Remember your last drunk."    .Instead of letting the Voice of Addiction romanticize the good times of drinking (usually when you first started) try to remember the point right before you decided to quit (being in the hospital). For us moderation is an illusion and our alcoholism is a progressive disease that can kill us. In six months of not drinking you have begun to cultivate all kinds of good neurotransmitters that had been washed away from long term alcohol abuse. One relapse can reset your brain back to square one..."like taking a lawnmower to your garden." There is no way I would want to go back to that place. No amount of pleasure from alcohol would be worth that.
Something that helps me (also 6 months sober) when I'm feeling tempted to drink is making a chart with 2 columns. In column A make a list of everything you've lost while drinking: friends opportunities respect time etc. Then in column B list what you still have...Once you've done that remind yourself that if you continue to drink you will lose everything that you still have. Alcoholism is a progressive disease. It will never get better only worse...Look back on this list often to remind yourself what you're fighting for...Good luck! I hope you find something that helps.
I went through a similar patch. Our brains are messing with us. The best thing I did was read my journal from earlier days. It put me right back in that place of guilt and remorse feeling ill and nauseated and that deep sense of shame. Wowza. I did not want to go back to that. ..We can't open the door a crack...it will all come back again. I knew that for ONE MORE DAY I would not drink.  I never regretted a night I didn't drink...Now at almost 2 years sober I can honestly say it gets easier and it gets better. Life isn't magically better but I'm able to handle the crap better. I make better decisions. I feel well good. I had to build up a bunch of sober days to get here but it was without a doubt worth it. Hang in there. Why not at least stick it out a bit longer you've come this far...what if it does get better and easier? Might as well find out eh?
Earlier today (and yesterday) I found myself making a romantic situation out of alcohol (in my head).  Then I read some pretty deep literature on the kindling effect of addiction.  And realized fuuuuuuck that.  Even if my life is boring as hell and the days seem to draw on and on.  Even if I was once convinced alcohol made everything melt away made me want to talk listen dance do whatever the hell I find myself holding back on in my day to day life--I'm hella not ready to fuck with my precious brain and body chemistry again.  .Sometimes when I don't feel like putting in the effort--I literally don't.  I lay down in bed and watch Eric Andre videos.  I fuck around on the internet and find something to laugh at.  I take some melatonin and go to sleep and go for a walk on my treadmill before work.  .It sounds like you've been through a lot.  I don't know you but it's obvious you've worked hard on this.  I'll be thinking about good things for you my friend.  &lt;3 
 I've been feeling like drinking will just make my life easier.  ..How would drinking make things easier? Waste of money huge waste of time and energy polluting your body feeling like shit the next morning the guilt anxiety. Trust me it will make things worse in the long run 
