-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7p6zxk/an_old_irish_drinking_idiom_the_man_takes_a_drink/

For the last 80 or so days I've done my best to avoid most social events that involve drinking. It's easiest for me to not be tempted when I'm not around it. Lo and behold I couldn't avoid these events forever. My friends and I went to an NFL playoff game party. Drinking and football have gone hand-in-hand for me years and this season has been a difficult transition into sobriety. That devilish little voice in the back of my head told me I'd been good for 82 days I could handle a beer. I thought day 83 might be a good time to test my self control so I told my friend "I might have a beer or two but who knows."..Within minutes of arriving there's a bucket of with Coronas Budweisers and Coors in front of our group and everyone was handed a beer. My mouth was dry and my internal battle began. I was parched so I took my first sip from a Corona. "Did anybody really like these without a lime" I thought. A few minutes passed and my mouth became dry again so I took another sip. Two thoughts happened almost simultaneously: "I should be drinking water if I'm thirsty" and "Well if I'm going to use today to have a couple drinks I might as well enjoy it" as images of Jager bombs and Fireball shots flittered through my mind.  ..That second thought I didn't immediately realize was the relapse I was about to have. Until I didn't. I took a third sip from that Corona and a friend of mine said "You haven't drank in 80 something days but it looks like you're coming out of retirement tonight! Let's go!" I snapped out of it. No I wasn't coming out of "retirement" tonight. This wasn't "retirement" this was a decision I made for the betterment of my health and life as a whole. I put the Corona at arms length and walked up to the bar ordering a water and a non-alcoholic beer. ..I am proud of myself for stopping in a moment of weakness and being stronger than the addiction the disease and the alcohol. I thought some of you might appreciate this and maybe someone even needed to hear that these feelings are normal but beatable. Thank you for taking time to read my story. I understand the difficulty of not drinking and that it's a war we wage daily with ourselves. Our minds will try and trick us into relapses we just need to be aware of them and avoid them. I will not drink with you today. I hope you all have an excellent rest of your week...Edit: I just want to thank everyone for the kind words and congratulations that they've offered. We are not alone. At the very least we've got each other. The feelings you may be experience aren't unique and many of us have been in tough situations. Stay strong friends. 
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go!
Fantastic. Well done you - inspiration to me.
Smooth move!     
And don't you love not being hungover today? (But ouch for those Georgia fans  )
Thank you for a great reminder of how easy it is to let our alcoholic brain try to beat us and how strong you must be to avoid the consequences. Congrats on 84 days - I will not drink with you today.
Huge accomplishment! Thank-you for sharing.
Wow!  I'm really proud of you.
That's a pretty big accomplishment right there. To step back from being in an old familiar "fun" place surrounded by peer pressure is impressive. Nicely done and yes an inspiration to me as well. I will not drink with you today!
Wow what a huge win!  Fighting till the bitter end and coming out on top. Great motivation for us all. 
Way to go! I know it's hard...still for me! 
Right on!  
I'm not sure I could have done that and Corona is terrible! Unfortunately after the first or second sip I think I would have been done for :( Good for you on being so strong and remembering why you're doing this!
Congratulations! I'm really nervous about hanging out with friends. I'm known for being the guy who pushes drinking to the edge they think I'm joking when I say I've gone off the sauce way to stay strong.
I just realised I've been replying to comments on your post thinking id been responding to them on my own. I am such an idiot.
Ayyyyyy! 
That's truly amazing turning it around when you were that far in. Sincerely impressed. 
Awesome job! That takes some serious discipline!
Nice work!
That was so strong of you even in the face of your friends encouraging you to drink! I will not drink with you today.
"as images of Jager bombs and Fireball shots flittered through my mind. " - LOL yep I know these thoughts. I have totally avoided sports all together since sobering up and quitting it's crazy how much I associated alcohol with sports I am also starting to realize I don't even like sports I would rather be watching a documentary or in the kitchen cooking. It's screwing with my brain right now because it all seems so different from what I am use to doing/feeling am I even the same person anymore? Even my son is like "Dad why are you not watching the playoffs?? What is going on??". 
Good on you! I won't be drinking with you today!
I love the idiom. So true. I take a drink and that drink tells me to drink more and then I am no longer in control. Congratulations on 83 days and being strong when faced with the temptations of the addiction!! 
Victory!! This is more difficult to do than actually not drinking at all. You conquered this one. Hopefully I can learn from your near slip.... and not even go that close to the fire! ..Tremendous self control here. 
Thank you for sharing this it's a scenario I've imagined over and over and over. It's so inspiring to hear you beat that urge...You're right it is a war the mind is a battlefield but being here   in /r/stopdrinking   makes such a difference. Hearing stories like yours and having others who you've never met check in on you. I can't put it into words ...It's a community like I've hardly if ever experienced before. I will not drink with you today.
This really resonates with me. Good on you man.
NA beer is a life saver in these situations.  makes you feel like you're blending in.  it's also sort of unhealthy (very carb-y) so it feels a bit like a guilty pleasure also...you can also spot the other non-drinkers and strike up a convo if they want share.
Awesome job!  
That must have been very difficult. I'm not sure I could have done that. You really deserve props for that! Grats on resisting those urges! And thanks for sharing! 
Very nearly.  Its like a little voice in your head.
Congratulations!  ..FWIW I wouldn't have drank the Coronas bud light or colors even when I was drinking.  Lol.
Way to be strong Gang Greene. Two big thumbs up!! These are stories Newbies like myself need to hear. Verying inspiring.
Awesome! That requires some serious insight and courage to stop when you've already started. Well done!
The idiom is very appropriate. Congratulations for standing strong in a difficult situation. Some friends might get it some might be clumsy and some simply aren't friends. Well done. IWNDWYT 
Holy shit. I love your story. Way to go man. Those are exactly the thoughts I have when I'm about to relapse or go on a bender. The fact that you were able to get past them and *how* you got past them - will be an inspiration to me as I go through my own battle. Thank you. 
Nice job!!
Not to be that guy but I dont think it's Irish. I've seen it originated in Ireland Japan China said by Edward Rowland Sill and F. Scott Fitzgerald....so who the hell knows.
Congrats! Needed to hear this today!
SoI found complete freedom from my obsession to drink through the steps. I don't worry about going anywhere because I am not tempted anymore. Its that simple.."We recoil as if from a hot flame".You had a relapse okay the important part is to figure out how to avoid the next first drink. If you are a true alcoholic you are not stronger than the addiction disease or alcohol. The way I got free was to surrender completely. I have no power over it and never will. I have to abstain completely. If I take a drink I have no idea what will happen or how much or how long the spree will last. The difference between feelings of wanting to drink and the return of the obsession is that thoughts of drinking are fleeting and obsession is not. I got free from the part of having to think about it.It just doesn't even cross my mind and that is not something I did for myself. I tried and failed over and over. Then I surrendered and I was set free. I did not swear it off it was lifted out of me..The devilish voice? That is the lie that is alcohol. Cunning baffling and powerful. I know that one drink is too many a thousand not enough..After the obsession to drink was lifted I realized that the easy part was finished. I was left with my brain which is broken and my character defects like my ego. They both want to kill me..It's not a drinking problem it's a thinking problem..After 84 days you said to your self I got this. If you truly "got this" why did you stop?.I wish you good luck and fortune in however you choose to confront this disease that is progressive and fatal..I found the solution and pray you do too..
Fair play. Have been there and it has gone the other way. Well done
The bills jags game almost drove me to the bottle. What a horrible game
Absolutely incredible resolve and discipline. You're story is inspiring. You came out stronger from refusing to drink in so tempting an environment. Won't be drinking today!
Awesome story thanks for sharing!!
Congratulations on staying strong! I think I'd be done for if I had a few sips. 
Fucking Hell man.  That's incredible.
Had a very similar experience on New year's eve. Decided to test the waters after 103 days.  I had a few beers that night but woke up the next day with the impression I could have gone without beer and had just as much fun. This gives me confidence in self and my self control and re-affirmed my decision to quit. ..Be proud of your retirement man! Now you can start to live!
be proud. that was not an easy thing to do. ..
Nice Job.  Football season has been tough for me too but Monday's have been a hell of a lot more enjoyable.  Actually remembering plays from the game is nice too!  
Good job.  Careful though I was always lured by the taste and those near beers just kicked me back into the spiral a few times.  I can barely stand the smell after 3 years it just nauseates me.  
Thank you. That little number means a lot to me too. As does checking in here for a spot of motivation when I'm low. Good luck with it all! Sending positive thoughts.
That's a hell of a lot of self control. I would have chugged that beer the instant I tasted it probably because I've been really craving lately...In my mind once the proverbial line is crossed I fucking cross it as hard I can
Way to go that's awesome. To be able to adjust in that moment is something to be truly celebrated. Just shows how others view the sobriety as a changeable thing and you saw it as a lifetime change in that moment. Good on you.  
You're a boss! 
Well played
Way to step outside of the moment recognize it for what it was and make a decision to do something better.  Love that old saying too. Those of us of Irish heritage know more than we probably should about drinking. I will not drink with you today.
Amazing!!!!  Good for you!  I will not drink with you today!!!
We're at about the same number of days. I guess I might be the only one who thinks a bit differently on posts like this but I'm more impressed on your 84 days leading up to this night than stopping after a few sips. If I'm in your shoes (which I basically am) I would not be feeling good about having the mindset to relapse...whether it's a bit or a lot. ..Good for you for stopping short of what easily would be a disaster but I just find it odd how people gush over posts like this more so than ones where you simply went into that environment and knew there wouldn't be a sip of anything. I have to say no to drink offers just about daily but my promise is to not drink no matter what the circumstance. ..I admit that this sub was helpful early on but the one thing I don't like and perhaps need to take a break from...is reading how people type IWNDWYT and then drink but afterwards the group just says it's part of the process. No biggie...welcome back etc..I'll probably step away from this sub and check in after 100 days. Hopefully it helps.
Wow. That is a tough situation and you came so close. Congrats!!!
SO AWESOME! :) BIG CONGRATS &amp; SOBER ON! I will not drink with you tonight!
My family wanta me to go to treatment. An inpatient treatment. I am 29 with a wife and two dogs. Going to treatment scares the hell out of me. What is it like?
I'm glad you survived what appeared to be a very very close call. When I was in early sobriety I was taught simply to avoid wet places and wet faces--no exceptions--and that maxim has served me well. 
..dinosaurs *eat* man
They say it is always good to stop before you die.
