-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pdevg/8_months_my_life_is_mine_again/

Alcohol took away the child in me. The curiosity &amp; amazement I had about the world. I'm getting that child like spirit back. I feel like I'm learning how to truly LIVE again! It's terrifying and exciting at the same time. ..Sobriety date is May 6th of 2017. The day I finally decided to give myself a chance at a life without drugs or alcohol. Today I am eternally grateful for my sobriety. I now own my life since alcohol owned it before. I would not change it for the world. Some days are hard but then other days after spending my entire evening after work at meetings and with sober friends I am truly touched &amp; in awe of how far I've come. ..My life world really small the first 6 months of my sobriety. But now it's so big and have never been so busy in my entire life with work AA meetings and friends. ..I will not drink with you today. I'm right here with all of you guys. This sub is a beacon of hope for every single person struggling with the cunning &amp; baffling mind fuck of alcohol. You can do it. .
----------immediate responses--------

I had no idea recovery was so much more than putting down the drink/drugs.  I didn't really believe that it was a whole new way to live.  I was wrong.  I've been sober for a little bit over 3 years and my life is so different I can't believe it.  ..Before recovery I was regularly wandering the streets at all hours of the night/morning drunk/high on meth talking to shadow people.  I was hallucinating.  I heard voices.  It was terrible.  I didn't want to be alive because I hated myself and knew I was a fucking worthless loser.  Everyone would be better off if I was just dead...Today I wake up and when I see myself in the mirror I smile.  I have a wonderful loving girlfriend.  I get along great with my parents.  I went to trade school and started a career.  I exercise now!  I'm still attending NA meetings and improving myself.  Today I'm learning to love myself.  I'm still working on changing/improving myself.  I had no idea that a life like this was possible for someone like me who hated themselves for the first 26 years of their life.  Today I know hope gratitude happiness and love...I love seeing stories like yours - you're an inspiration for me.  When people can change and grab hold of life it's really something special.  I see people come into my NA meetings at their absolute rock bottoms with no hope and gradually with some work they turn their lives around.  I am so proud of them.  It's amazing how much we are really missing our potential when we are sabotaging ourselves with drink/drugs.  ..8 months is awesome!  Guess what?  It only gets better from here.  There's still so much more to learn and experience.  It's truly a rewarding process.  Go and get that life that you deserve!  You rock!
I too have begun to reunite with my inner child. I thought she was dead and that I had killed her. My sobriety is very new but it's a long time coming. Reading this made me tear up. Your joy is palpable! Being tender and vulnerable and filled with innocent love is scary because its so fragile. I know how quickly alcohol and drugs can plunder it. But even just these past few days I've felt this incredible undercurrent of love and joy that I know now never died. It was just drowned out by the loud music and voices and deafening silence. ..Bless you. Give that inner child a big hug for me...I will not drink with you tonight!
Really happy for you :-)
