-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pf274/the_hard_part_starts_now/

2 weeks sober is really a personal record but since yesterday afternoon I'm struggling... I had 2 quite stressfull days at work and I found my self often thinking about booze. I have to focus a lot in order to remember that I can't have just one to relax but sometimes it's hard.. I also have a question: in your experience when do you start to feel "normal" in particular in sleeping regularity and irritability?
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Congratulations on hitting 2 weeks.  Its a big deal and everyone on here knows that.  Just think about having to deal with those stressful days hungover!  Give yourself a reward.  I will not drink with you today..
Great job on two weeks! One thing that helps me is to remember that tough times good times - they all pass eventually. And after they've passed I've never regretted staying sober through them...I found my sleeping started to stabilize within the first couple weeks but it took a couple months before I really started feeling "normal"-ish. Regular exercise healthier eating and meditation helped speed things up a lot for me I believe.
I feel alot of it has to do with how much and how often you were drinking. Not to say one is better than the other but I think a 200 pound man drinking 6 beers a day for one year would take less time than a 200 pound man drinking 2 pints of vodka every day for 10 years. Which is me. I sleep well and am way less irritable at this point. But there are still days where I don't feel "normal" Also I may have forgotten what normal is. It took about 2 months before my body regulated itself. All that being said keep up the good work! It gets better everyday that goes by!  ..I will not drink with you today
Stopping drinking is a big life change. You're dropping the crutch of booze. It takes time to learn to walk again- so count even small steps as a victory early on...It took around a month to start feeling better sleep wise. It's rough at first but I think you'll be pleased when your efforts pay off. 
Congratulations on 2 weeks!  When I want to drink because of a stressful day or boredom I remind myself that drinking alcohol is not a normal response to life.  I believe we are capable of getting thru life's ups and downs without numbing ourselves we just don't have much practice with it.  I have also noticed that even though I may feel crappy upset depressed angry right now.........it always passes.  And once it does I am proud of myself for not drinking to try to make it go away.  It takes awareness and some will power right now but I hope it will get easier.  I know you can do this and IWNDWYT!
