-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7phv8m/anyone_else/

Ignore my badge right now. I haven't asked for a reset yet and I'm still struggling with stopping my drinking habits. But for what it's worth I visit this sub consistently and it helps more than you know. .Seems like it's only when I've already been drinking that I get those serious thoughts about how I need and want to stop. After I drink I will search AA groups in my area make my plans for quitting listen to sobriety podcasts etc. But the next day when I'm sober I'm back to drinking. Then looking for sobriety podcasts and reading sobriety threads all over again. .Anyone else going through this? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I did over and over again. Finally stopped for good 10 days ago as I was drinking heavily daily and blacking out every single night without fail. I just couldn't do it anymore no memories of my children's childhood. It hasn't been as bad as I thought it would be. It's worth it. Keep reading these posts helping me a lot. And The Naked Mind. 
I very frequently while drinking would assess all the reasons I felt the need to drink how I could better handle them all the problems drinking was causing my mind and body and wallet how the drunkenness I was feeling at the time wasn't worth the prices I was paying etc. and say I wouldn't drink the next day. It was easy once I already had the alcohol. I wasn't even enjoying it that much at that point I just kept getting it because the thought of not being able to get it that evening drove me crazy all day. When those urges hit while sober the next day it was easy to forget about all the legitimate reasons I gave for quitting while drunk. I knew they were still true but the want for the alcohol made it easy to push those down. It got to the point for me where I knew that what alcohol was doing to me was holding me so far back from what I want in life that I couldn't ignore it while sober anymore. It was incredibly hard just to get to the point where I could admit it and get through day one but I am feeling so much better about everything now. You've just gotta remember those thoughts you had while drunk and worried and let them overpower the control the urge to drink has over you when you're not drinking. I wish you luck and IWNDWYT!
This whole summer I could barely do a week. I'd say to myself "ah whats another night at the bar? I'm young anyways.."..In October I snapped and put my foot down. Haven't drank since. You just have to commit and say enough is enough.
I've been through that many times. It's the first drink that gets ya. 
