-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7prbzi/you_seem_so_zen_lately_my_boss/

I can't believe I'm at 100 days without drinking! I've found that my drinking was far more damaging than I thought while I was in the thick of it. Over the past 13 years I've been drinking mostly out of boredom wanting to fit in or indulgence. It always made me feel fun and cool and it helped quell the worry that I was too extra at work or that everyone thinks I'm too [enter whatever adjective my anxiety is whispering in my ear]...Today my boss brought up an issue and I was like "I'll worry about it when I know there's actually something to worry about". She said that I seem so zen lately; one of the things I've been working on is professional boundaries and not taking things or my mistakes so personally at work. It's so nice to know that not only am I hangover free consuming thousands of calories less per week and that my relationships with my friends and boyfriend are stronger than ever but my boss has also noticed. ..I thought that if I stopped drinking I'd have no friends no social life no identity. I thought I'd find out I'm not any fun that my relationships were based on lies or that people wouldn't want to hang out anymore. Turns out I'm still really fun my friends .have actually liked my personality this whole time and my life is almost too full of plans. I hope I'm not coming off as a braggart but it's such a relief to know that all my fears were just alcohol digging it's talons further into my consciousness. My friend came to visit from law school and made a comment how so many of her friends had 'grown up' since she left - "so and so got his dream job and has calmed down you've quit drinking it's so nice to see!"..I'm still not perfect. I'm struggling with some anxiety that used to be drowned by wine. I still wish I had the energy to stay up late with all the drinking people. I could probably lose 100 lbs. I still can be over the top. But like wow team this life is way better than what I had before...I will not drink with you today. LaCroix cheers all around!
----------immediate responses--------

What a great compliment and a great post! Thanks and cheers to you too. I will not drink with you today. Congrats on triple digits!!!
Keep up the good work!.I will not drink with you today  
Good job. I was afraid no one would want to hang out with me anymore too.  But people like the sober me so much more... and so do I.
And tomorrow your FTDP !..(First triple digit Palindrome)
Great job on the 100!
Congratulations on all fronts this is awesome!!!..**IWNDWYT.**
So very nice of you to spread the cheer. .Makes me happy to read and IWNDWYT. 
