-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7przq6/so_a_story_trigger_warning_sorry_long/

Firstly hello everyone this will be my first post here. I've been lurking for the past 6-7 months and I've finally decided to say something. I'm very inspired by what I've been reading here and I think you are all a wonderful community ..Which brings the story to me. I'm not a wonderful person and I'm struggling. I've been drinking every day for over a decade. 4 months ago I decided to try and do something about it and checked into rehab. IT WAS AWESOME; yes really. I loved being there. What was even better is that I learnt about my drinking for me it's not a physical addiction I came right off without a single bit of medication. I watched my fellow patients get loaded on Valium and sleeping tabs I just waltzed around no shakes blood pressure steady as a rock went to bed on time and slept like a fat wombat ate everything I could find (you people will know how shit your eating habits can be on the sauce). Went to all the group sessions talked with the counsellors scrubbed the kitchen put the dishes away fed the parrots petted the cat. Generally enjoyed myself..And then I checked out..Holy fuck I can't handle real life. I've proven to myself I can quit but do you think I can actually go through with it? NO! Now I'm  back at square one. I've been getting private counselling (and rocking up pissed as a newt)...So here I am 9am I've already hit the bottle shop haven't slept I'm ashamed but really I don't know how to change in the real world. What would be awesome is that someone just takes care of "life" things for a while so I can just get on with it but that's like hoping for a genie. I know I'm wrong help me?.
----------immediate responses--------

The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
24 hrs at a time hell I sometimes go a second at a time.... Just relax hold your head up continue moving forward... Drinking will only bring me down slowly to a sure spiral of swill that will take every thing I have. Alcohol is a trap that I never want to control me again! 
Hey just wanted to comment to say that struggling with drinking/addiction does not mean you're not a wonderful person. It's a process &lt;3 sounds like a halfway house or something could have helped you transition a bit easier... I feel like going from rehab to no rehab regardless of the helpful environment is like going from a hotel to your own house. There's just so much to do :/ and life is tough! I found it helpful hanging around here first thing in the morning and reading posts to reinforce from day to day. And I found it helpful to not worry about the long-term (even when people would ask!).... just keep worrying about today and leave tomorrow in tomorrow. Anyway we are all here for ya &lt;3
