-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pscab/i_thought_my_one_month_post_would_be_one_of/

But it seems to be one of misery. Advice please...It seems each day I am becoming more wretched. I am having mood swings from depressed to massively depressed with some anger on top. Though in the past I would have drunk away these feelings I have no desire to drink.  I wish I had something to help. ..I have been exercising and I intend to find new hobbies. Unfortunately I've no motivation to do anything. It's enough of a struggle to make it to the gym every day...I feel like after a month sober I am finally seeing clearly. But what a hideous sight it is. I feel nothing but repulsion. The anhedonia is unbearable. I suppose I must learn to live in reality. And I must be patient until then. ..I just wanted to complain. Thanks for listening. Did anyone else have a similar experience?
----------immediate responses--------

Going through the same feeling and its really hard. I feel like im putting myself on trial . Cant think about anything else but alcohol honestly..to be fair to ourselves we have to only take the GOOD things we learned from our experiences and leave the bad things behind or else we are just torturing ourselves. We have to make positive change and not make the same mistakes twice. Thats all we can do.I wont drink with ya today
If you can maybe see an MD? It sounds suspiciously like an underlying depression issue maybe. I spent years drinking all while being diagnosed with bipolar disorder and clinical depression. The two do not mix even though I tried really hard to treat my depression with alcohol (a depressant) I feel better when I'm sober but the original symptoms are still lurking...I'm not a doctor and I won't pretend to know what you're going through. But what you're describing sounds similar to something I've experienced.
I'm not exactly one board with you but I think I know where you're coming from. If I really think into it I do have a certain amount of contempt for my sober self and all the other boring sober people in the world...At the same time I'm kind of in love with not having hangovers everyday. ..What do you look forward to in life? Can you plan more of that? More travel? Trying new recipes? Going to festivals?.... I find that having something planned that I can anticipate eases the monotony of  regular life. ..Stay strong!
I am going through the same. I wish I could offer some advice but have none to share. I'm just trying to be patient and trying to view each day as slightly better than the one that preceded it.
