-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7psu7a/chicken_little/

Allow me to start by saying that I'm not looking for any retaliation suggestions. What is happening is most likely for the best...     I'm being kicked out of my sober house..    About four months ago I relapsed. It took me two months to get to a detox on October 26th. I had lost my phone id social security card birth certificate flunked out of school and was now destitute. I finished the detox took the weekend to sort what little affairs I had and then entered a 30 day program. Upon completion I researched sober houses sorted through an oversight committee of recovery residences. I found an affordable option that advertised flexibility of finances and a structured living environment. With the last bit of money my family was willing to throw at my problem I entered into an agreement with the sober house. After a month I'd gotten my id birth certificate ordered my social security card and have a job offer contingent on a copy of my social security card. I've been attending meetings everyday. I have a sponsor and a service commitment.  Everything is going great. The day my rent ran out I was told that I would be kicked out in five days if I didn't come up with rent. I explained my situation and was rebuffed. I got sober and now I will be homeless. All of this is happening and I don't want a drink. I'm not entertaining the idea of one. I will make it through this. I'm not the captain of the universe. I did everything that I needed to and this is still happening. I have opinions on the subject but they will only serve to push me away from my serenity. I trying really hard to be okay with it. But I don't have to drink over it. I hope someone reads this and they don't drink today either. Sending you all my best wishes for you and yours. Cheers.
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds rough and I feel for you. I hope the job comes through for you. I will not drink with you today.
Wow how stressful. I admire your resilience and your commitment to staying sober. I will not drink with you today.
It sounds insanely stressful but you sound like you're kicking ass in spite of it. The very last thing I think you'll get here are suggestions that you had it coming; that's the furthest thing from my mind when I read your post! You pulled a lot of stuff together in a fairly short period. And you're still sober! I'm thinking of you!
Thinking only good thoughts for you.    I will not drink with you today.
