-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pvqp1/where_does_alcoholism_begin/

So I have known for a long time that I have drink issues...I learnt early in life that alcohol could take me away from my difficult feelings raiding my parents drinks cabinet and getting drunk aged 13. I was a pretty unhappy kid I had a lot of reasons to be unhappy and once I started drinking and smoking with my friends I had a shared experience with my peers..Its what we did as young men we went out at the weekend we got drunk. I went to university a pound a pint being completely hammered was all part and parcel of university life we got smashed on a regular basis and it was normal we al did it. ..I left university struggled in the world of work struggled with becoming a fully functioning adult and due to anxiety issues which really came to the surface in my early to mid twenties I used booze to self medicate. I mean I wasn't getting pissed every night but I would say that certainly very regularly. I travelled around the world I got pissed most days over the course of the year and a half I did that...I eventually got a career and that sorted me out somewhat because I had to go to work sober I couldn't do what I do and smell of booze because I would lose everything so I had to have some self control. However when I could drink I drank and always suffered with black outs. Waking up on the floor or waking up with shame caused by drinking or waking up with my Mrs being very angry with me was the norm I am afraid. ..I got married and had children this made me sort myself out somewhat because I couldn't go out with my old drinking buddies due to my responsibilities and so it kept me in check. But when I did get the chance to go out then anything could happen black outs were the norm stumbling around a drinking venue like a tramp and then people whispering behind my back about my behaviour; I feel a great deal of shame...I have tried to carry on drinking and try to control it. " I will only have four pints and then stop. I will stick to beer. I will go home before 10 and then I will be sober. I will try really hard and stop once I start to feel tipsy. I will eat plenty to soak it up etc etc" None of this works and eventually I would wind up drunk in public make a fool of myself and get in trouble with my wife again. ..All that said and done! I wouldn't say I was a heavy drinker. Like I don't drink spirits very often I have never been the sort of bloke who spends vast amounts of time in the pub. I don't do all day sessions. But I admit I have little control over drink especially when in social situations when rounds are being brought I end up the most drunk of everyone. If my wife and I have a drink on a Friday night we might share a bottle of wine and if we are pushing the boat out we might have a gin as well but that's about it and I can go long periods when I don't get drunk and I drink responsibly. I have never drunk at work or first thing in the morning...I am at a stage in my life where my physical and mental health and my well being are my no 1 priority. I will not compromise on this I will look after myself no matter what. So this leads me to question whether I can carry on drinking at all. I certainly don't want to get into a drunken state ever again. I have a good job a nice house a great relationship and amazing children..  .So where does alcoholism begin? I am inviting comments from those who are further down the road than me. Give it to me if you think I am in denial and I actually have some issues here give it to me tell me how you started your journey to sobriety. Was it a case of the straw that broke the camels back? ..I accept the fact that I am even on this forum and even asking these questions is proof that there are issues here. I am not in denial. I accept that alcoholics range from street drinkers drinking cheap cider through to rich playboys drinking expensive liquor but at the end of the day it all the same ..   
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like a problem to me and I believe stopping would be a great choice. You can feel a lot better than you do now. ..Binge drinking is very dangerous and this constant lifelong tension between you and alcohol is not a burden you need to keep carrying. What about starting with 90 days and seeing how you feel? We have a Daily Check-In and lots of tools to support you here. :-)
Street drinkers to playboys yes. But also moms professors doctors elementary teachers. Students retirees. We drink at night or on Fridays or all day or once a month. We drink wine or beer or Everclear. What links us all is that we depend on it and it's pulling us down. We are also linked by a feeling however small that we have a problem. Alcoholism runs the gamut addiction does not have any sense of socioeconomics. Kudos to you for recognizing that there is no stereotypical alcoholic. ..It is as they say a progressive disease. It is a combination of cultural genetic and behavioral factors. Looking back at my behavior I don't think I can tell you where it began. Did it begin with my first White Russian at 18? Or did it begin with my great-great grandfather who still had a bottle of whiskey in his hand when they found him with the shotgun between his teeth? I am not at all sure it matters in my case. I'm just really really glad that I am breaking the cycle. I know that I am always one decision away from a drink; I also know that for today I won't make that decision. I will stay safe and well. ..You're doing great. Introspection is one of my key weapons right now.  
[removed]
Honestly. Your drinking pattern sounds a lot like mine...I was a beer drinker and only occasionally having whiskey. I had a good life got and kept a good job and mostly had the self control to be sober when I needed too (though toward the end that was getting to be less of the case). ..But when I could drink I would drink- a lot. I would try all the things you mentioned I would negotiate with myself to justify my continued drinking (only have 4 beers only on weekends etc) but I always failed at it and ended up drinking more than I had intended. ..I thought I might have a problem with alcohol- so I quit for 30 days- I felt great- but also unfortunately convinced myself I was "cured" or that I was not an alcoholic. I went back to drinking and my drinking got progressively worse. I finally realized I had no control over alcohol and I had to be done...Frankly its much easier to never pick up a drink than constantly tell myself just have 1 because I know for me- it never ends at 1...With alcohol removed from my life I feel lighter I have a greater appreciation for things that happen in my daily life and I have the time and money now to pursue other things that I love...My advice- drop it out. See how you feel.... 
It's a progressive disease for sure. Like you I started asking myself questions as to whether or not my style (binge) was really alcoholism. I tried moderating to no success ... I would last two or three weeks and then a couple of nights of 4 or 5 drinks - I couldn't do 1 or 2. Like you I can't put my finger on where it started &lt;insert long list here of potential starts&gt;. What I figured out though is that I drank to get f'd up. I could see myself heading down a path with an ending I didn't want. So instead of hitting rock bottom the bottom came up to me. At that point I began to accept myself as an alcoholic and decided to go down a different path. I think it says a lot about you that you are considering and questioning yourself before potentially really bad things happen. 
