-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pxyqj/money/

My husband texted me this morning to look at our bank account. Both of our paychecks hit in the last couple days and we have more money in that account than we have in years...I have been steadily employed for some time but my husband's binge drinking caused him to struggle with holding steady employment so we had effectively been living on one income for a couple of years. Credit card debt was increasing one of our vehicles was about to kick the bucket and cost of living keeps increasing in our city...7 months ago we both quit drinking together. After attempting several times it finally stuck. 1 month after we quit one of my friends referred my husband to work at her company. He started in October and has been there for 3 months. He loves his job. This is the longest steady employment he has had in years...In just the 3 months of him working plus the money we have saved in 7 months of not drinking or smoking cigarettes our financial situation has improved tremendously. We are saving money for the first time in over 4 years. We will be credit card debt free by the end of this year and we are about to pay one of our car notes off early...On top of all that we are finally saving enough that we can even start looking at buying a house. ..After he texted me and I looked at our bank account he texted me back and said "I just had to quit drinking huh?" We both quit drinking and our finances finally start improving after treading water for years. Must be a coincidence... Not!..This is not to even mention all the other more important benefits of not drinking such as health and being able to spend time together and not feel like crap. But this is just the icing on the cake that validates our decision to quit...This sub has been a big help by the way. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

That is so awesome for the both of you not to mention exciting for what the future holds. Well done!..I will not drink with you today
I love your success story. Reminds me why I quit. Thanks. :)
Awesome. Awesome.  Good luck to both of you as your lives soar to new heights.
Booyah! Congrats on being rad!
That's wonderful congratulations!
Quitting drink is basically like getting a salary raise.  ..Well done!
Isn't it crazy how much we pissed away on it for years and years. Sure it was fun but financial security is better. Congrats on turning things around!
