-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pyc5c/mourning_the_loss_of_just_one/

Here we are at the weekend again and while I've only struggled with cravings a few times in the past month or so I'm really feeling it today...Boyfriend said his roommate would be having people over tonight for a party. He suggested we go out to dinner and see a late movie so we wouldn't be around the apt...I know my boyfriend is being considerate and is happy to spend time with me but I feel guilty for making him (or anyone) change their behavior because of me. Why can't we just hang out here? Why can't I have  just one  beer? Why can't I be happy to hang out even if everyone around me is drinking? Of course we all know the answers to these questions but it still bums me out/makes me feel guilty. (Side note: my authentic sober self hates parties and my drunk self barely tolerates them so I'm not even sure why I feel like I'm missing out but here we are.)..Anyone else relate to this?..Thanks for letting me vent. I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I can relate for sure! I can't have just one because it floods my now-quiet dopamine receptors with my drug of choice and kickstarts my addiction cycle. ..When I have these thoughts I swap in a harder drug for alcohol. Imagine a recovering heroin addict having just a little with friends you know? ..Your boyfriend sounds pretty awesome! It's amazingly helpful to have support like that. Congratulations on 33 days! .
Your boyfriend is a gem.  If it were me I would not torture myself about the bars or just one beer.  I would enjoy that man who wants what is best for me.  
Events centred around drinking aren't that fun for me now and I'm ok with that. There's lots of other great stuff to do with friends!
 Why why why why? ..The screaming of my inner child pouting because  *its not fair!* .. I don't LIKE it this way!    I don't WANT IT this way ! .. It SHOULD be different! ..Whew.... glad I got that out of the way...Now I can decide how I will be...&gt;I feel guilty making him change his behavior ..You write he  suggested  it.  If that's the case he cares about you is being thoughtful and considerate.   That's a pretty good friend...Me?  I'd say  wow!  Thanks so much for thinking of me!  What a considerate gift you've offered!  I accept!  .  With a big smile.
Thanks everyone. Needed the pep talk today. And yes my boyfriend is pretty awesome I agree! :)..Happy weekend all!
