-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pzcpg/i_had_a_bad_relapse_last_night_and_i_need_help/

I've been struggling to get my drinking under control for over a year now and I thought I was turning a corner in 2018. Last night I had an embarrassing relapse. I stopped at the liquor store on the way home and got a bottle of whiskey. I kept telling myself "This time it will be different. I will control myself." ..I didn't. ..After my family was asleep I drank half the bottle and ended up flirting with a few women on Facebook who aren't my wife. Then I ended up throwing up most of my dinner because of the shock of drinking so much so fast. ..I woke up today with a splitting headache and nausea and threw up again. I don't want this to be how my kids and family see me. Thankfully I have a supportive spouse but I am deeply ashamed of my behavior and I feel like I'm really in a low right now. ..I could use some words of encouragement. 
----------immediate responses--------

Does she know you were flirting on Facebook and is still supportive? ..You've got a keeper there if that's the case. My lady would castrate me..
I'm right with you there I had a pretty embarrasing bender last night as well. I'm sure if we push through today and put as much time between us and that night as possible we will feel a lot better. That's really great that your spouse is supportive. Sometimes we fall sometimes we stumble but you know it happens to the best of them. It's never too late to start day 1 again. I will not drink with you today! Stay cool!
Forgot to add about the facebook thing. It's better to own up to it and let them know you weren't of sound mind when you said those things. It would probably help clear your head some more.
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Being honest with your wife and yourself is the first step in the right direction! You never have to feel like this again. You did what so many of us do... you tried to go back hoping you could be like  everyone else  and  control yourself  and realized that's not possible for you. (And trust me it's not.) Don't take any more chances and be thankful nothing worse happened! Also I have a husband much like your wife. You're very lucky. Let her be your reason. 
