-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7pzw0d/how_do_you_all_have_fun_having_a_hard_time_and/

One of the things that's been emphasized in my SMART Recovery meetings lately is that getting sober isn't enough you have to find a replacement to achieve the things you wanted to achieve with alcohol (e.g. socializing dealing with feelings the rush/buzz having fun). One thing I'm really struggling with is how to have fun. Both times I've slipped since I got sober were a result of feeling bored and trapped in the monotony of life and just dying to have fun and blow off some steam. I've been sober for an aggregate of 3 months so it's not like I'm brand new at this sobriety thing. I mean it's new to me but not *that* new. I'm having a hard time picturing a satisfying life without alcohol. I can't picture a happy life without late night chats with loved ones over a few drinks. I can't picture a vacation without boozing. I can't picture having *real* fun without alcohol. I've had fun since I got sober but nothing compared to some of the nights I spent drinking. And I'm not going to lie sometimes when I say I've had a good time or that I love X or Y about sobriety it feels like it's just superficial gratitude that I've manufactured in my mind because I know it's how I'm supposed to feel even though deep down I feel like whatever I'm doing would be more fun with alcohol. Does this feeling ever go away? I feel like I've tried so many things for fun only to be left with tension and a feeling that it could have been better. It doesn't help that most of these things I still associate with drinking because I used to do pretty much everything drunk with the exception of going to work. I've gone out to dinner. I've gone bowling. I've gone to friends' houses to just hang out. While I still have fun doing these things it also just makes me think about the times I used to drink while doing these things. And I live in midwest suburbia so that's about all of my options for fun especially in the winter. I exercise and it helps the stress but not the tension. The only time I can take my mind off of the tension is when I'm eating pints of ice cream which is just another addictive behavior...I don't mean to complain. I recognize that I have it good and I'm making it a point to be grateful for the good things in life. With that being said it doesn't change the fact that I miss having real fun. It recharges you in a way that mindfulness and relaxation can't. It's so strange how sobriety feels so liberating while feeling so constricting at the same time. If anyone has any suggestions on what to do about this I'd love to hear them because I'm afraid that another relapse is coming on.
----------immediate responses--------

Question for you. Did you ever used to smoke? Did you quit? Did your world fall apart after you quit smoking? ..I've been asking myself that question today. I quit smoking 30 years ago and I was sad about it. Now it seems so weird to think my identity as a smoker was a big part of who I thought I was. ..We get used to being who we are and it's hard to think that we might change into something better. Change is hard. ..But no matter what you are more than your drinking habit. Your life will be different without drinking. At the very least it will not be worse. ..At the end of their life no one ever said "I should have drank more"..
Ok you'll think I'm kidding or Amish or something. But have you tried jigsaw puzzles? Like with an image you really love? ..It's not exactly jet skiing or sky diving or ballroom dancing but for some crazy reason puzzles bring me the purest simplest joy. I hadn't done one since I was a kid. Now I have hijacked our dining room table...
I can totally relate. Every day I spend sober with pretty much everything I do I constantly think this would be so much better drinking (even work I'm bad I know). What's the point in not drinking? I feel bad admitting that but it's true. So you are not alone. My hope is that someday I will get enough sober days in a row for that voice of addiction to get smaller and to find the fun again. That thinking is 100% responsible for each of my relapses. The fact that I can't picture a vacation without drinking or a full life without drinking terrifies me and makes me feel like I'm not ready for sobriety (dumb I know) but I guess I'll just keep battling my demons
You took the words out of my mouth. I am always feeling tension and a twinge of sadness for the unpredictable fun nights that I will never have again. I did everything drunk  I was active in outdoors clubs sports music my community. I was so happy and I had it all. I could go back so easily. Why am I torturing myself? I feel like there is a war going on inside me and I'm going to crawl out of my skin. I feel like I want to do something insane and unsafe just for the adrenalin rush. 
I'm sure it's not a good idea for everyone but marijuana helps me. I use a dab pen so no harmful effects from smoking it. 
