-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q0t15/acne_depression_please_tell_me_im_not_the_only_one/

Hi all ..I am mostly a binge drinker. Despite being a tiny girl I can drink insane quantities of alcohol and not appear drunk to others which sounds great but actually is not. As I hit my mid-20s I started getting awful hangovers and realizing how NOT in control I am of the quantity of alcohol I drink once I get going. I always knew that part of the reason I drank was because of my anxiety (social and otherwise) and could see for a long time that if I continued to drink the result would not be good. After a few brutal hangovers around the holidays and wasted days in bed I decided to do sober January to start with the intention of going at least all of 2018 with no alcohol. ..I have depression and anxiety with or without alcohol and some other health problems so it's not surprising to me that I feel extremely depressed at the end of the day most days. I guess I just get envious of everyone else who gets sober and magically their mental problems go away. I've gotten to 4 months twice before and if anything my anxiety gets worse and depression more intense. But it's a tradeoff for being more productive and not having those awful hangovers anymore. ..The main question and issue I am struggling with now is ACNE. I also am envious of everyone who has glowing skin. My skin is like a teenager right now just red inflamed acne everywhere. Have others gone through this and passed through it after awhile? Was the alcohol drying out my skin? I am puzzled. ..SO to recap: .1) Acne: tell me your stories! Give me hope!.2) Post-drinking depression and chronic depression: how do you stay on the wagon when not drinking makes these issues worse instead of better?.3) How do you deal with everyone magically feeling better and having results when this is not the case for you how do you stay motivated and trust that you are making some kind of gain in life?
----------immediate responses--------

Man I was I depressed after I quit. And before. Definitely a lot before I quit. It just took a long time for that to start to lift. It was the anxiety that started to go away first. First just kind of on its own but like now my finances are so much better like SO much better that I don't have the same level of financial anxiety. I'm just not living on the financial edge anymore. For me the relief from anxiety has just sort of compounded...It took me a long time to process what I was depressed about some of which was that I'd been drinking for so many years some of which was "translated anxiety" where I thought there was no hope that my financial situation would ever improve so I was pretty down about feeling stuck about that. My relationships were in a bad state and I've addressed a lot of that now that I can now that I don't have alcohol in the way and that has helped...For me not drinking had started to feel like a life or death thing. Either I was going to quit drinking or my life was sure to suck the whole time up to when I died an untimely death. Didn't seem like so hard a choice to me at that point...Otherwise though I stayed in daily touch here I got some rah-rah encouragement when I needed it...For me things really started to improve around 100 days in.
Turmeric is a spice that is great for the skin and will clear that Acne/ red skin up for you. Mix with milk to forum a paste put it on let dry wash it off. MMMM soft clear skin is the result...  
I too have had more acne than I have had in years. I am also sick for the third time since quitting and I never get sick!.I am hoping my body figures all this out soon.
I have a few guesses as to the acne: .Do you find yourself perhaps eating or drinking a lot of sugary stuff to fight cravings? If so this could be part of the breakouts. .Another possibility is a possible chemical and hormone readjustment. if you were a long time heavy drinker your balance of chemicals and hormones could have been changed and now it's finding a balance. .To be honest my anxiety has stayed about the same but I no longer have the "escape" and "numbness" of alcohol. So I feel every. dang. minute of it. .But I have had so many health benefits from not drinking. .And constant thoughts of when how where and how much drinking I'll be doing are no longer the boss of me. And that's worth a few bumpy spots in the road to me. ..This isn't what you're facing but I was at my heaviest when I quit and it took FOUR MONTHS (auughgggugugugu!) for me to drop any weight. at. all. ..Seeing people check in on day 3 with a ten pound weight loss was just...ugh. Not fun. ..But finally it dropped and it's been dropping off ever since. ..Oh! And (sorry this is rambly) I have been making and keeping doctor's appointments and dealing with health issues that years of neglect has caused. There's been a lot of pain shame and regret. It almost feels like in a weird way I'm being "punished" for actually doing it right!..And I'm still going and I'm still not drinking!! 
I was a heavy drinker for years and when I quit everything went haywire. I got some acne my brain chemistry went crazy everything just got awful but it sorted itself out and now I look WAY better and feel better. I just rode it out. 
Well I found the only thing that really helped my depression was therapy medication and groups  I went to ACoA and Al Anon because I found a lot of my depression stemmed from my parents' drinking and that instability. But AA (of course) is helpful in that you realize you aren't alone..One thing I can say is that in the long run alcohol won't help and will make things worse. Just want to send supportive thoughts your way. IWNDWYT!!
The acne thing! So many great things about getting sober but Acne?! Really?! I broke out in the first 30 days and it stuck for like a year. Took me a while to figure what worked for my skin because I just had never really had that problem before. It was nothing to drink over but it was sort of a pain.
For years I was convinced I drank in order to self-medicate for my anxiety and depression. It wasn't until I quit did I realize **alcohol was the cause**.  Years of dumping a depressant drug into my mind had changed my brain chemistry. My brain began to rely on the drug in order to feel good. Without it I felt terrible...THAT IS ADDICTION. Yes quitting is hard and yes you will go through an emotional rollercoaster when you first get sober but in the end things will only change for the better. Meetings and therapy have helped tremendously. My therapist has also had me start regular meditation. I have been meditation daily for over a month now and I cannot emphasize how incredibly helpful it is. My anxiety issues have gone down to nearly non-existent and my depression is gone. Your story is not unique. We are all in the same boat and it IS possible to quit and feel good. I promise. 
