-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q1dw7/today_has_to_be_the_day_it_has_to/

I'm an alcoholic. Am I an alcoholic?..What am I?..I'm M | 31 | 6'3" | 415lbs...I can regularly and easily put away 3/4 of a fifth of vodka. My weight helps the tolerance and I almost never drink without also binge eating... hence the reason I'm 415lbs...I've never missed work or hurt someone (except for my health) because of my drinking. I actually hide it very well I don't think anyone actually knows I'm an alcoholic...I've been drinking and binge eating more nights than not over the last decade but I can stop any time.  I mean it.  I don't get hungover anymore. I have no withdrawal symptoms when I go days or weeks without alcohol. I don't crave alcohol rather I crave the experience of drinking and binge eating...Why?  It started to help me sleep (the alcohol part) and eventually was a way for me to not deal with my problems...I started the year sober and lasted 5 days without binge eating or drinking at all.  Then I caved and kept caving.  I always feel like shit the next morning because of the binge eating but I don't get headaches or anything just digestive issues.  Half of the day after binge eating and drinking is spent me feeling bad about myself and telling myself I'll stop.  Then I start craving the experience.  It's an hour of being drunk and stuffing my face the rest is regret...Stopping drinking and binge eating at the same time may not be possible for me.  I don't really ever drink more than maybe a beer or a glass of wine unless I also plan to binge eat.  I do sometimes binge eat and not drink but only when I'm binge eating during the day...So maybe I should just stop the drinking for now?..Maybe I should set a goal of a week without drinking and go from there?...Is there a better place for me to post or have any of you been through a similar struggle?..Sorry for rambling.
----------immediate responses--------

You've posted this in just the right place and I'm so glad I saw it. I've just finished my second breakfast. Greasy bacon and egg roll and a hefty coffee. My badge says 1 day but it is actually my day 1 not a day completed (I think because I am in a different timezone). I drank excessively last night and this morning I feel awful. I also think I ate dinner three times. Or at least like you I too crave the snacks when I am drinking. I am not particularly overweight but I lead a very sedentary life. I'm telling myself when my head stops clanging I will get changed and go to the gym. My membership which I pay for and never use. .Was so drunk last night I forgot to plug in my phone to charge. It is my only source of internet at home so I have dragged my sorry self to the public library because reading SD gives me strength..I hope you find the community here really helpful..I hope you stick around. And I'm proud of your five days sober at the start of the year. I started drinking again after 2! .we can do this!.Jamie
Addictive behaviors like overeating or drinking can be changed.  There's proof of that all over this reddit! ..SMART Recovery is a program that can be used to correct both overeating and alcohol abuse.  I used it to help stop drinking and I highly recommend it.  Maybe you want to take a look at it?..It is a good idea to consult a physician IRL for advice too.  IWNDWYT!
I am very similar to you. I have found that not drinking has helped with my binge eating so much and I am losing weight. My goal right now is to stop drinking so if I over eat I am ok with that right now but I find I do it a lot less when sober..You might want to look into outpatient rehab it could really give you some tools to deal with your addictive behavior..I will not drink with you today   
What do you want for yourself?
My drug of choice has always been "more." I definitely think that quitting drinking has helped me to make better choices in other areas of my life including my eating habits.  I just feel like a clear head is best for me.  Day by day I grow stronger &amp; am able to address other issues.  If you like I'd be happy to not drink with you today.  Best wishes to you.
Glad you're here! Perhaps you'll be interested in taking a 30-day challenge and then re-evaluate your decision? Here's a great [starting point](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xckfo/how_did_you_get_through_the_first_few_days/).
