-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q1ssr/early_sobriety_need_a_reminder_advice/

howdy SD..been lurking a while and quit drinking on and off for the last year or two. this past summer i was sober two months which was my longest stretch and I felt the best I have ever felt physically and mentally. I recently just got out of an abusive relationship and my drinking has gotten out of control on top of all this depression and anxiety...I know that quitting will only make my life better. but I'm two days sober now and I started hearing a song in my head that triggered the urge to drink SO. HARD. funny how the silliest things can trigger us huh? I spent the better part of two hours arguing with myself in my head about whether I should go to the store and get a six pack--one last time before I really make a go at this sobriety thing...but that's what I said two days ago when I killed two 12 packs of strong beer and chainsmoked two packs of cigarettes...and that's what I said three days before that when I did the same thing...I find the first few days of sobriety (and quitting smoking or anything really) to be the hardest for me. hard to break free from that "ok wait just one more time i'll be better tomorrow" mindset. I finally talked myself out of going to the store tonight realizing that for me it won't just be a six pack. I'm gonna want more when that runs out. and I'm just waiting for the day I either get a DUI or hit a deer going to the store for another six pack (me going to the store not the deer going to the store). and if I don't go to the store again after that six pack I'm still going to be miserable but then I'll be drunk and miserable too drunk to read or do much of anything. and that is way worse than just plain old miserable. at least sober-miserable-me can read a book or take a bath...the other thing I'm struggling with is giving myself permission to just... rest. I'm unemployed at the moment but life still seems extremely stressful for a number of reasons. there's a lot of shit i need to do but I get overwhelmed and I can't handle it. I'm trying to tell myself it's okay to just read all day work out and take care of myself; if being sober is all I accomplished for today that's all that matters. I guess I'm just looking for similar experiences and for someone to tell me I'm not a bad person for shirking every non-emergency responsibility heh...anyway I'm mostly just putting this here for me to read later on but if anyone has advice I'd sure be glad to hear it and maybe it will help someone else struggling with the same things too.
----------immediate responses--------

I heard a woman explain this so simply... if you make the decision not to drink tonight even though you want to and might feel bad then you'll feel bad. That's it. Just feel bad. For me alcohol was such a temporary solution to wanting to block out everything and today it's just not worth it. Boredom loneliness feeling like I'm not doing enough or doing too much? I can handle those feelings now without a drink. It's mostly easier now without a drink. I'm so happy I'm not a slave to vodka anymore because for a long time I just couldn't make the choice not to drink. Crying on the way to the liquor store was not my finest moment and that happened a lot. ..Anyway people promised me that this thing gets easier and I believe them because it's come true for me. Life doesn't get easier shit still happens but thinking about having a drink and saying  not today  has. And it's been so so so worth it. 
I also have a hard time not beating myself up for taking a self care day.  Which is dumb because I never think bad of others when they say they just took a day to rest read etc.  I think especially when you first get sober it's very important to be kind to yourself.  I had drank very heavily for many years so my brain chemistry was whacked.  It took a while for my body and mind to heal.  My brain is still getting better.  What I'm trying to say is be kind to yourself and do what you need to do to stay sober.  If that's taking a day to read...good for you.  
It's the engine of the train that kills you  not the caboose. The first beer will never be the last  the rest will follow  then you'll feel like a train hit you in the morning.  Mentally  physically  and emotionally.  You already know its a bad idea  and going through with it will lead to regret.  Take things one day at a time  today is already almost over.  Once it's midnight  you've done it.  Then  you just have to worry about making it through tomorrow.  You can do this  and I'll be with you.  I choose not to drink with you today. 
I got sober while on unemployment and I feel like it was a great time.  For one do you really want to waste any of your paycheck on booze?  Nope!  Also i had all the time and space i needed to go by my own schedule sleep all I need or have insomnia all night nap any time go walking read watch a movie it didn't matter I could go through the difficult first couple weeks without any other obligations.  Keeping up on cleaning the house doing laundry and dishes was key.. a clean house means a clearer mind.  Why?  I don't know it's science.  I'm working now... and I feel so much better knowing I won't be hungover late or both.      look at the positive side you'll see it!  IWNDWYT!
