-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7q4k7p/some_thoughts_on_aa/

I first got sober in Sep 2017 and lasted a month before see-sawing into 3 weeks drunk 1 week sober relapse episodes. Last weekend I got a DUI and the consequences will be serious but not terrible. It was the moment for me that I hit my rock bottom and said ENOUGH - this stops now. I'd been to AA before and found it creepy but was encouraged by a friend who has been 13 months sober to give it a real shot just don't hold back and try it. What's the worst that's going to happen? They obviously don't want your money or anything like that...So I am on day 6 of attending a meeting every day no matter what and reading some of the book every day. I don't fully buy in and some of the book-thumping fundamentalists scare the crap out of me but like many things there's an essence of truth that's undeniable. There's plenty of valid gripes with organized religion but can you really argue with "love thy neighbor" and sentiments like that? So I'm trying to take AA the same way and extract the nuggets of truth from the cult-speak and jingoism...The big thing I have got so far is that alcoholism is fundamentally selfish behavior. Under what circumstance do you get wasted drunk for anyone else's benefit? And how often does getting drunk hurt other people? The idea of turning your life over to a higher power is to me giving up your ego and selfishness to some more selfless cause and doing so will undermine the mindset that drove your alcoholism in the first place. Due to the DUI I can't drive and it's an hour each way on the bus to the closest meetings but at least they're on a gorgeous beach front and it's summer here. The other night I went to a meeting and had 20 minutes to kill before the last bus of the night would take me home. I was walking down this tourist beach strip full of bars restaurants etc. where everyone is having jolly fun with a drink in their hand. I was tempted as hell but just as I was thinking of giving in I noticed a wallet and phone left on a bench. I couldn't unlock the phone and there was no address on any ID in the wallet. I checked and the closest police station was 10 mins walk away - so if I ran like the wind I could get there and back and still make my bus. So I ran and ran and handed it in then made it back just in time to get the bus panting like a smoker climbing a stairwell and soaked in sweat. On the ride home I contemplated how grateful I was to have that opportunity to do something for someone else and how it completely removed any thought of drinking. Whatever force put that wallet and phone there that's what I could call a higher power.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  ..Honesty willingness and open-mindedness helped me heal!..Alcohol fueled my selfish self-centered indulgences...Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself misrepresented my impairment to others and stole time emotional support and connection from loved ones.  ..All because I was indulging my selfish tendencies...Yeah there's a lot "book thumpers" in some groups.  There's a lot of verbiage that I don't necessarily need...Shining through the middle all of it I see the following:..A group of people who got sober want to stay sober and amazingly out of their gratitude want to help ME be sober!..Wow!..When I'm sober I get to be Kind caring giving of myself..... just like you !    ;D..Sober On !..
At this point in my life I say what ever helps you get through this do it.  Take what  you need and find helpful and put up with the rest.Well done on resisting.Hang in there.IWNDWYT
I love AA. It's nice to be around people who have gone/are going through some of the same things you are. Without the support I wouldn't have as many days under my belt as I do. Quitting on my own never worked. Best of luck it's hard work but it's worth it! 
Long post but so true!..However my giving up drinking was basically also a "selfish" act! - I can say with high degree of conviction that I wouldn't be alive today otherwise. So I'm "selfish"!
May I suggest a Young People in AA meeting? It is where I landed in 1983...http://www.theagapecenter.com/AA/Young-People-in-Alcoholics-Anonymous.htm..They are the most awesome full of energy and loving people I have ever met and they are still going strong. I point people in their direction every chance I get.
I'm also new to AA and struggle with the  higher power . But I really am feeling a ton of relief already from the personal inventory it's helping me understand myself and the things that keep me drinking...Good luck on your journey.
AA is not for me I have discovered after years of trying out different meetings. If it helps you more power to you! I have a dual diagnosis (multiple-substance addiction and schizophrenia) and I have found a wonderful dual-diagnosis group. It's chill we're all clean for a long time and it's a dialogue group.
Honestly I don't understand where people get these negative AA connotations. Most of the meetings I go to are filled with agnostic progressives buddhists yogis (or sometimes faithful christians but who's counting?)..When I go to a meeting in lower income areas it can be a little uncomfortable so I try to go to meetings in the wealthy suburbs. Either way it's usually a great time. 
AA and this subforum help ME save my life I know I was slowly killing myself. I would plan my day around alcohol it had total control over me I would lie to myself my family my friends saying I did not have a problem with drinking. ..After sobering up gaining a clear mind I now see what a fabrication it all was my life was a mess my relationships where all fuck'ed up I was in a alcoholic haze of disrepair. I spent the better part of 30 years doing drugs ( alcohol is a drug) in denial of the fact I was addicted.   ..Going to AA helped me see all this. The people who reached out to help ME at AA stay sober has been overwhelming. Total strangers trying to help another stranger stay sober is a awesome!  
I like this story.  It's like you got a sign that you are in the right place doing the right thing.      I **love** good news!  I will not drink with you today
I've really found AA to be more or less a place where people that share a mutual desire to be sober meet. The group that I attend is really diverse and don't mind using humor as a coping mechanism there are some people that get really emotional but the support system is really good.
"take what you need and leave the rest" "principles before personalities"
I've been to 2 AA meetings. The first one was before I got sober and the second was when I hit 1 year. It really helped to have all the people supporting me and sharing their stories. It was emotional and necessary for me to say out loud for the first time that I was an alcoholic. I felt like I wasn't alone. I did look through the book and many people recommended reading it but I felt the same way as you about it. I figured I would go to meetings or read the book if I needed to. On my tough days I didn't feel the need to go to a meeting. I think as long as you have someone you can talk to when you need to that's fine. Just know the meetings are a good resource if you need them. Keep up the good work. 
oh my gosh that gave me the chills.  you are slaying and seeing the meaning all around you.  ..I think it was someone here who said regarding the higher power who says it has to be "god?"  what about how a compass always points due north?  Isn't that a power greater than yourself?  I don't go to AA but I see so many wise people offering their support to others here and they never fail to bring the good stuff.  ..Keep going.  You sound like you are doing very well.
There are many recovery paths.  AA is the most readily available free recovery program and it has helped alot of people stop drinking.  Your approach seems pretty healthy.  Like they say take what works and leave the rest.  I gave a guy a ride to meetings (because he lost his license to DUI) for about six months.  That experience helped me so much.  Don't feel you are imposing by asking for a ride you may be providing another recovering alcoholic with exactly the opportunity to help another s/he needs to recover themselves.  Don't deny them that help!  Best wishes.
Good luck on your sober journey. I went to an AA meeting everyday for the first year I was sober no matter what and it helped me build a good foundation. I still go to at least two a week and am grateful AA gives me a place to share my sobriety and help others. 
The wisest thing anyone ever told me was  take what you can use and leave the rest. 
