-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qbnry/restarting_again/

I have been struggling for about a two years now knowing that I have no control over my alcohol.  I got sober many moons ago and was able to string together nearly 10 years of sobriety fell off the wagon and got back on for 4-5 years but have been drinking again actively for the past 4 years.  These last 2 years have been really difficult and I know that I have lost all control over my drinking.  There's no such thing as moderation for me...I started going to AA again last week and was able to string together a number of days.  Had my husband get rid of all of the alcohol in the house etc.  This weekend he took my son away for a boys weekend and all I could do was obsess about being alone and drinking... which I did and heavily.  I don't remember much of last night at all and woke up feeling ashamed and disappointed in myself.  Funny thing is I wasn't even craving it.  It's just that I could do it and no one would know - like I was a little kid getting away with something... but I know and I am feeling very regretful and shameful about my decision. ..I am getting dressed going to an AA meeting and will desperately try to get back on track.  Thanks for letting me share.  Today is the day I re-start my sober journey.
----------immediate responses--------

I will not drink with you today!
The brain is a tough thing to train especially after drinking for such a long period of time. I hope the meeting helps you to not drink today. Being alone and the feeling of  getting away with it  is a temping one. You know what the right choice is. Life is a lot better when you don't feel self pity and remorse. 
Welcome back!!! You are loved here and we feel your struggle. Be kind and gentle with yourself. Don't punish yourself thinking you are weak you just need help. Keep going to AA. As many meetings as possible two or three in a day if you can. It will keep your mind occupied with correct thoughts. I recommend reading the big book or listening to YouTube AA speaker tapes when idle that way your thoughts don't run to alcohol. Be well. Keep reaching out.
Keep on keeping on you can do it. It took me several try's to get to the point where I had enough. I suggest you read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace keep coming back here do whatever it takes to stay sober...
I have lost count of the times I have had to start over. There is also no such thing as moderation for me. Today is your day!..I will not drink with you today
Hang in there.I will not drink with you today
I can relate w/ you on this.  I did a lot of drinking in private and thought no one noticed.  I finally had to admit to myself that the lie I was living was mostly a lie to myself.  Everyone was well aware of my drinking even when I thought I was getting away with it.  I had a sit down w/ my (now ex-wife) and laid it all on the line about how much I was sneaking around drinking.  She knew about a lot of it but it was in that moment that I realized I had to change the way I foster and build relationships moving forward.  A lot of rambling that probably doesn't make much sense but I know where you are coming from!  Best of luck and IWNDWYT
I can relate well to this having done the same thing.  Over a decade without booze then another decade sprinkled with a few years on a few years off.  Without cravings as well I just did it thinking I could reinvent the experience.  Sending well wishes your way for your new start!  I will not drink with you today!
I will not drink with you today.  You have more sobriety in your life than I've ever had.  Keep up the good work.
Also I have restarted so many times I got embarrassed got a new account have not submitted a badge request...Like riding a bicycle it seems sobriety isn't something to be taught but something to be learned.
Boy do I know that feeling of being like a little kid getting away with something when I can get drunk without anyone being aware. I don't know why my mind goes there when the situation arises even if I'm not having cravings. ..I know that my previous attempts at sobriety have all given me just one more little piece of the puzzle to get there. I am glad you are here and I will not drink with you today. 
