-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qfuns/im_not_sure_what_to_do/

I relapsed hard last friday and damaged some relationships that are very important to me. I've never been so ashamed and disgusted at myself. I want to pick up the peices and make things right but I dont know where to start. This will be my third time trying to sober up. My relapses usually involve me thinking that I have a grip on my drinking and then I lose control again.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in the same boat that is super super bad. It's so easy to lose hope sometimes and say fuck it grab the bottle. If many people don't take me back when I feel ready which will be half a year minimum then I told myself It's gonna be okay. For the amount of years I spent destroying myself I can atleast use a long long time to strictly focus on me. Then something will come in that period of time. Currently still withdrawling and it fucking sucks. My motivation is never going back to that day where the hallucinations hit me. Also the fact that I can improve physically a lot so I've been a damn near vegan recently and have been fasting which both of which are suprisingly accelerating my recovery 2 fold. I woke up in the hospital on a bender in Vegas at .46BAC (that also scared the shit out of me). Follow that physical route and persevere through that first two weeks. Maybe like me you have no more chances yet before death from alcohol
All you have to do is stay sober today. You can't change what's already happened you can only control this very second. It might take time to mend your past errors but with time it's doable. I've come to realize that I'm not a very patient person and when I got sober I wanted everything to be perfect *right this fucking second.* -- Life doesn't work like that and it never will. Ive realized all I can do is stay sober one day at a time and I have a better chance of having a successful day compared to if I were shitfaced drunk. You can do this.
What are you going to do differently this time?..
