-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qjc5l/5_months_almost/

Hey guys. Just checking in. I am soon to arrive at the 5 month sobriety mark. I have a question. I almost never think of alcohol any more maybe once a week.  The thought of having a drink hardly ever crosses  my mind. I can sit easily in a bar and not have or think of having an alcoholic beverage    My SO ask me the other day so your never going to drink again? I replied probably not. He was amazed. I do not check in here as often only a couple of times a week. Has anyone else gone thru this? I just always pictured this as a daily struggle something  I would constantly have to keep in check. It's almost as though I never drank or had a problem with it.  Is this normal?  Frankly I am glad it doesn't consume my entire day and thought process as it did in the beginning. Anyone have any thoughts on this? Thanks again for your support. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

There is a widespread narrative the the battle with alcohol is an ongoing life-long struggle. However there are plenty of people who thrive on the opposite. They give up for good go through the withdrawals and then never look back. Rational Recovery is one method that uses the done forever approach. SMART recovery is also a temporary intervention. ..Holly Whitaker has a nice blog where she discusses her feelings on just being done with alcohol and moving on. 
Awesome thanks for the info.  
I think this represents the true meaning of sobriety. Sobriety isn't just not drinking but it's process of making your life about something other than alcohol. Sobriety is living a life centered around some truth(s) of yours rather than alcohol. ..It sounds like you're building a sober life and that is both awesome and inspiring for me! I will not drink with you today. 
I'm more or less in the same boat. Four + months hardly think about drinking anymore don't have a desire even if I'm in a bar or around others who are drinking. It is not a struggle at all. I think everyone is different in this regard. I am vigilant however for the "obviously I never had a problem so I can have this one small drink for xyz occasion" thoughts to creep in.
Wow. Great post. Thank you so much for sharing.  The support I receive on this sub means a lot.   IWNDWYT 
Congrats on 5 months!  ..I'm there as well and am not struggling every day to not drink.  I'm partly motivated by how much better I feel physically and how much clearer and more stable I am mentally but I also know from past experience that if I drink even just one I will be back on the roller coaster (I once went 5 years without drinking but then decided I could moderate... I was back to heavy drinking after only a few months and that cycle continued for over 20 years)...IWNDWYT!.. 
Wow. Awesome post. Thanks for sharing and congratulations!!! IWNDWYT 
And you are right. A big part of the motivation is playing the tape forward.  I love the feeling of waking up rested relaxed and not groggy headed. The physical aspect of being sober ROCKS!!
