-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qk6du/after_decades_of_avoiding_it_i_went_to_my_first/

I come from a long line of AA drop outs and I was never going to go down that path..Once I admitted to myself that a couple pints of vodka a night is definitely a problem I still wasn't going to need AA. Where there is a will there is a way right? I was sober for a couple years once with no help I could do it again..Some online support is enough right?.I guess not not for me at least. .After another relapse on Saturday and passing out on the bathroom floor (2steps from by smart sweet young daughter's bedroom) I dragged myself off the floor to a sunrise meeting...I mostly just sat and cried...I know AA and Al-Anon (you'd think I could have avoided becoming a drunk). I already know that it doesn't all jive with some of my personal beliefs but I don't care because there is one truth I know and needed to say in front of other people. I'm 40 and have wasted almost 20 years trying not to say it...My name is Louloubanou and I am an alcoholic. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Feels liberating doesn't it? Meetings are an amazing resource. Everyone is in the same boat and knows exactly what I am going through. Meetings also make me feel warm and fuzzy afterwards.
Hi Louloubanou thanks for sharing...I got sober in AA and there were tears along the way. Took me a while to say it but now I have come to the understanding that there is nothing shameful about being an alcoholic. AA has helped me deal with life. And it's good...Cheers mate. Keep coming back.
Doesn't matter if it jives with my personal beliefs if I get sober and stay sober...My beliefs will make room for my freedom!
Hi Louloubanou! My name is Albysmom and I am an alcoholic too! It is so nice to meet you and to have you here with us :) You got this! We got this :) One day at a time.IWNDWYT 
[Jim Carrey Liar Liar](https://youtu.be/t5kX-W-BG38) ..This is how I was trying at first to admit I was an alcoholic.
Hi buddy welcome aboard! ..For me in the beginning I couldn't get behind the higher power stuff of AA. It was a huge turnoff for me that kept me on the outskirts of the room for longer than I care to admit. Someone suggested I consider a Higher Power whatever works for me--nature God Buddha Beyonce what the hell ever. I came to realize a room full of people trying to get and stay sober is a higher power to me. Being around people who have been through the same shit as I have and have the same twisted sense of humor as I do has kept me sober. I hope you find what works for you. .
Well done! Congratulations on taking the first step!
I cried for the first 2 months in AA. Wouldn't speak cause I didn't want to say I was an alcoholic. Then I royally messed up.  Back at it now 39 days and find it's def helping.  Saying it actually feels good now!  Good luck! 
hell yeah. .."To us the Realm of Spirit is broad roomy all inclusive; never exclusive or forbidding to those who earnestly seek. It is open we believe to all men.(and women)" ..That's a promise I hold AA to. It's my sobriety and my life. As heavy-handed as people can be with the G-o-d talk nobody has ever told me what to believe. I had the same set of reluctant views as you and some of the same motivating situations and AA saved my ass. Welcome!
It's all about sharing a fellowship with other people that are inflicted with the same disease. There are definitely things that I don't agree with such as any religous talk I believe that should be saved for the church.
Hey you know whatever works for each one of us to help us is the main thing. We are not all the same nor should we be and if this works for you and helps you then that's great! Thanks for posting this important reminder. IWNDWYT.
