-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qkij6/my_drinking_rules_are_not_working/

I've been lurking on this sub for a long time. But I need to do this. I'm tired of making drinking rules for myself (No drinking alone. No drinking around my son. Only drink socially etc). They aren't working.  I've tried a couple of times to stay sober and then decide that I'm just being silly and don't have a problem. I've never been in trouble with the law. I've never had anyone approach me about my problem or behavior when I drink. I occasionally make a fool out of myself and then I tell myself  hey this happens to everyone .  But it seems to be escalating the more I try to control it and it got to a point last night that I hope I can fix. I will apologize to my son this morning. For what? I'm not sure. I don't remember. All I can remember was him saying  because you're drunk . I think I thought I somehow managed to pull one over on him all this time thinking he'd never notice. But I was wrong and my biggest fear is disappointing him and being a shitty mother.  I'm scared and no one knows that I struggle with this.  I'm scared to tell someone so I thought I would start here and start today.  Making my decision to do this more definite and not so much an idea to play with. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're here with us today. ..For myself accepting alcoholism is always a progressive disease made me want to change. ..I didn't have rock bottom consequences but just like you I could see how my drinking was starting to affect my most important relationships - in little negative ways. 
So glad you're here. You're not alone--rules didn't work for any of us either. They just make us feel like losers when we can't follow them. Rules are for the division of chores in a household not for an addiction and it just adds misery to try to apply rules to an act that is fundamentally about wanting to lose our executive functioning and say Fuck It. ..It's a relief to just let it all go. No more rules or acrobatics--you just don't drink. It's hard at first but then it gets easier and easier and you feel stronger and clearer. You can absolutely do it. And it is so worth it. All you have to do is not drink today. And I won't drink along with you. Welcome! :-)..
Welcome!!.I know that I cannot "control" my drinking. I've proved that too many times.....IWNDWYT
Good for you to be here and start. How old is your son? ..My kids are the primary reason I was snapped into reality. They pick up so much more than we want to admit. Hurting them with drinking or setting a poor example is the last thing I wanted to do so I made a choice and will never look back again.
I tried to manage my drinking (unsuccessfully) for the better part of 3 years. I knew deep down that I needed to stop that I couldn't be a normal drinker but I was trying everything possible to try and keep it in my life. It was hard to let go. It still is. But the conversation I have with myself today is different. Every time I feel the urge to drink or my evil side tries to convince me "I'm being silly and don't have a problem" I play the tape forward. I remind myself of how the next 48 hours are gonna be if I drink. It's always the same bullshit. I say it out loud to myself actually. Being honest with myself if key right now. 
My rules didn't work either. What did work: getting honest with myself and my therapist going to meetings and getting a sponsor letting go of shame and opening up to support. I'm proud of you for opening up here...it's a good first step.
Those rules were one of my biggest red flags to myself that I was an alcoholic. I've never heard of a normie that has to have these conversations like we do. ..After the first little while (when new habits take root) it's just so much easier to go completely without it. So much of my brain power was devoted to drinking or hiding drinking or the aftermaths of drinking. Or watching the clock waiting for it to be time to drink. Or rotating liquor stores or fussing with the recycling so it didn't clang too much. I don't miss any of that one bit. ..I'm glad you're here!
Welcome! You can do this. 
