-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qr84l/business_trip_strategies/

I am returning to the sober life after 18 months sober and a relapse over Christmas. Since my last sober period I have changed jobs and now travel quite a lot for business. In the old drinking days business trips were always very boozy. So far my strategy so far has been room service TV bed avoid colleagues in the bar airport lounge etc. However I know I need more ammo to deal with this. Any tips from seasoned business travellers out there? I'm not ready to discuss my drinking issues with new colleagues in a relatively new role. But could use some advice to help out with triggers politely call time for me on a night etc. Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

I have a similar job with travel etc. I've been using a combination of:..1. Drinking alcohol free beers (keeping up appearances);..2. Not going out every night (yay room service!); and..2. Telling folks I'm off alcohol for a while  for health reasons. ..I keep the health reasons vague mention I've been in hospital for  some tests' and leave it at that. Honestly works for me. Good luck! I hope the above helps I know it can be stressful...I will not drink with you today.
Hi - Im like you on the road quite a bit. Ive found in recent times that many of my colleagues have been cutting down their mid-week drinking or not drinking at all which helps either for general health reasons or they are training for some challenge or another. So Ive tried to align myself with them! Agree who is meeting for a early gym session or who is taking a city walk after dinner... when all else fails you can blame medication for not drinking or use your other tactics of just hunkering down in your room until morning! 
Also a frequent traveler for work. I was an isolation drinker; I'd stay alone at home and drink by myself. When I'm staying in a hotel I've found the more time I spend alone in my room the more antsy I get. Spending time being a tourist has proven really helpful to me. Sightseeing museums local tours street fairs and the like are all great ways to pass time I'd otherwise spend in isolation trying to avoid alcohol. I've also had a lot of fun going to these events with coworkers but I always make sure to have an escape strategy in place (taking my own car if we're driving) in case my coworkers decide to go out drinking after these different events...I'm also an AA member. There are meetings everywhere I've ever traveled and I always make sure to look up where/when they are so I can schedule a couple of them depending on how long I'm in any given town/city. If I'm not able to get to a meeting I'll opt to check in here for a few minutes throughout the day to see how everybody else it doing; getting out of my own head and helping others in recovery however I can always seems to help me stay centered...Being new to your current position I would recommend setting the record straight that you don't drink from the beginning. That's not to say you need to go up to your colleagues and tell them your whole story but being able to say "I don't drink" at the start rather than just avoiding the topic of alcohol all together may cut down on future offers to going out for drinks.
"I've enjoyed the evening I have some work and items to follow up on see you in the morning."..If they offer me a drink I just say "Thanks I want to be clear headed."..Also when I travel I can look up AA meetings and like taking a meeting in places where I visit.  I meet new friends and learn about the area.
