-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7qx98o/ive_realized_something_that_changes_everything/

Sorry for the novel. TL;DR is my sobriety just a part of my childhood traumas?..I just realized that I fit into the category of a ACOA...adult child of alcoholics. The criteria include being controlling of your body (usually through sex foood and alcohol) feel shame isolate yourself and are addicted to excitement among other things which are all parts of who I am and parts of why I stopped drinking. ..When I decided that maybe drinking isn't for me I was often blacking out or doing things that were embarrassing or unsafe. I never wanted just one. Even if it was a easy night with no embarrassment or blacking out near the end of my drinking days I would ALWAYS feel shame after drinking. ..I crave the rush I get when I think of doing something like drinking or sleeping with an ex. It's that feeling which comes up when I listen to music or watch movies that makes me want to 'relapse'. ..But here's the kicker: part of ACOA recovery is not indulging in these obsessive people pleasing perfectionist actions. I don't know if I'm sober because I am an addict or because it's satisfying this part of my childhood trauma brain. ..If you have help I'd love to hear it. 
----------immediate responses--------

As my days come to a close without having been ridden on some type of emotional rollercoaster I certainly have the feeling of something missing. Like; it doesn't feel right. And as the child of an alcoholic in a very otherwise dysfunctional family -yes I do think my background is very much related to my desire to add some excitment drama or indeed - sometimes trama to my every day. We did not have placid days or nights. Calm and safe do not feel normal. But I think I can get used to it  if I continue to observe how and were my desires to drink come from. I hear you. You might be on the right track. It certainly rings a bell for me. I am happy about your self awareness and think it should serve you well. 
Of course only you can decide if you're an alcoholic but blackouts cravings and shame are all signs. There are links to info and quizzes in the sidebar. It doesn't sound like you're being perfectionistic to stop just healthy. fwiw after a few years of sobriety I found I was often too lazy to create so much of the unnecessary drama I used to thrive on.
I think the answer probably lies in why you got sober and who you're staying sober for! Is it for you and your benefit? Look at your motivations. Also maybe your approach to sobriety is obsessive perfectionistic etc. which isn't good but that doesn't mean being sober is a bad thing. You might just need to change your approach to it all. I think with some more reflection you'll figure it all out. 
I grew up with a lot of instability and unpredictability thanks to having two alcoholic parents. Your post makes me see that I was both things when I drank too. That's very helpful actually. Thank you! 
I'm in the same category. ACOA who craves the rush of sexual promise and the abandonment of drinking. I am slowly finding a deeper pleasure in basic activities of self-care and healthy connection with a partner. You're not alone. The longer I'm sober the more benefits I experience.
