-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r21s1/saved_from_my_first_real_struggleby_popcorn/

For financial reasons I live next door to my mom rent free. I used to joke that the upside was free animal care and an open bar. Well last night I wanted a drink. Really bad. And all I had to do was walk next door and pour one. .So I really thought about WHY I wanted to drink. I was bored. So I switched on Netflix and got into a show..Still bored..Go pop popcorn...not the microwave kind but the stovetop kind that you have to watch and baby..More Netflix and popcorn..A little over an hour goes by. Now it's bedtime and the desire to go next door and pour one has settled down. Another night sober!!..Man that was TOUGH!! The desire was damn near overwhelming and I actually reached for my shoes before I forced myself to stand up and walk away. I talked myself in and out of it about 20 times. It was scary how strong it was and how easy it would have been to give in. ..So I'm stocking up on popcorn tonight. I will not drink with you today...but I'll munch the hell outta some popcorn!
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome!  Being bored is always the toughest part for me.  I will actually write myself a list of things I want to accomplish at home before I leave work for the day so I won't be faced with a bored moment.  I also schedule an impossibly packed weekend in preparation.  
Wow great job!!  The urges will get weaker and fewer in number the more we fight through them...Thanks for the honesty... helps us all..IWNDWYT
I love popcorn! 
Great job!  I need to be mindful in my boredom moments like this.  Last night I made a quesadilla when I was starting to feel antsy.  I might gain weight but IWNDWYT!
Good job! I'm trying to be kind to myself about eating right now... one day at a time and one problem at a time!
Well done! I keep fancy sodas on hand for those moments.  San Pellegrino reeds ginger beer kombucha etc. Whatever seems good to you
Popcorn is the bomb!  If you ever want to switch things up sunflower seeds ( in the shell) are awesome. I get the salted kind but you can do plain. Just be sure to grab some paper towel or a side bowl for the shells if you don't eat them ( I don't ).
