-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7r8aqy/i_stopped_drinking_because_i_was_sick_of_getting/

I like many others I'm sure decided to stop drinking after a disastrous NYE. I tried many times before over the years but this is the further I've ever made it...I can't control my emotions when I drink. I'm 25 now and this has been the case since I started drinking with any kind of regularity about 10 years ago. I've been emotionally abusive to girlfriends I've acted appallingly to women in bars and clubs and I've gotten in so many fights outside bars over the years. I always told myself that this wasn't me - that I'm not like that when I'm sober so I don't really bear responsibility for what happens when I'm shitfaced. I've lost a lot of friends as a result of my drinking and I'm honestly amazed I have lost more - girlfriends jobs etc. ..So this New Year's Eve I got shitfaced drunk took a load of coke and blacked out. Turns out I got in a fight with a guy but after it ended I still hadn't cooled down so I went over and punched a couple of random dudes who were just out to celebrate the new year. I've never felt worse about my drinking than I did when I woke up to this news. To get in a fight with someone is one thing but to randomly assault two people who had nothing to do with me whatsoever is just another level. I still can't really look at myself the same and I don't know how long it will be until I can...I'm 17 days in and with each passing day I am discovering that my drinking problem went beyond what I had thought. I thought my issues were with me getting shitfaced once every week or two but it was far more pervasive than that. I was in the bar having at least a few drinks pretty much every single day. I moved to New York City just over one year ago entirely on my own with no friends or family around (or even in the same continent) and so I found myself hanging around bars in order to meet people. And it worked! I was so comfortable in bars I had a beer and suddenly I became so sociable and comfortable. It didn't even require getting totally drunk it was just something about the space that made me feel "in the zone". I made some great friends and we would often arrange to meet up and have a drink and watch sports or whatever... but at the heart of it all was alcohol. ..Now that I've stopped drinking I realise I have so so few people to hang out with. I'd never dream of asking one of the dudes I spent the last year getting drunk with to go get a coffee with me or go to the movies. I guess I didn't appreciate how my entire life revolved around alcohol. My concept of pleasure was inherently entwined with the consumption of alcohol. I couldn't think of any recreational activity that wouldn't be improved with alcohol. I visited Colorado a couple of months ago. I took in the beautiful scenery and fresh mountain air. But most of all I was excited about checking out the local bars. This has been the case for every daytrip vacation weekend holiday I've had for the last 5 years or so - but it's really gotten worse in this last year. ..I don't know how I didn't see that for the last year my life has been completely taken over by alcohol. It has been several years coming but this year it really went over the edge. I have realised I don't know what to do with my time now that I'm not drinking. I'm reading more I'm going to the movies more but I still find myself awake at 3am desperate to be hanging out with people - any random drunken people would do. I'm also surprised at my physical cravings for alcohol. I guess I always saw my issues with alcohol as psychological rather than physical - but I've really struggled with physical cravings. I guess my body just doesn't know what's going on - it's wondering where the fuck all the alcohol went...Anyway I know this is long and rambling and probably no good to read - but it felt good just to write it. I'm 17 days sober. I haven't been able to say that since I was 16 or 17 years old. It's challenging in ways I wasn't expecting which I guess hammers home the fact that my problems with drinking went well beyond what I had thought them to be and consequently how important it is for me to really step away from the booze. I know for absolute certain it will ruin my life if I don't.
----------immediate responses--------

Your problem sounds very much like mine. The similarities are uncanny. 
Such a good post and you should congratulate yourself for seeing how as you have put it your life was being taken over by alcohol...I have spent the last year learning how to re-calibrate myself without alcohol being part of the equation.  I'm not sure I have finished the process but it has certainly been an interesting exercise!..Stay strong and stay sober.  Your body won't be the only beneficiary!!
I too realized drinking was just another layer of the onion. Peaking back the layers to get to the root causes is what finally kept me sober this time. So many failed attempts before I focused solely on the act of drinking itself without ever questioning WHY. Keep digging! 
I think moving to NYC ramps up a lot of people's issues with booze. I'm not a night owl but a friend who is goes to the 24 hr gym to lift when he can't sleep. 
god fucking damn - thank you so much for writing this. i am only three days in but this is my experience exactly. my "friends" knowing the way that i am drunk which is very much like you on nye are much more pissed to lose a drinking buddy than happy to know i'm safe and on the road to recovery. these are friends i will lose as well along with the violent asshole i was while blacked out. good riddance to them. i'd grab a coffee with you any day man. good luck to you and i will not drink with you today.
Take up a healthy new hobby. Start taking some kind of martial art if you have any interest. You meet great people learn new skills give yourself something to be proud of. Its something to go do a couple times a week. A lot of the people you meet there will have stories about how martial.arts saved their lives. But really any kind of class where you learn a new skill will help. Keep up the good fight.
Sounds familiar. Congratulations on 17 days! I lived in NYC for 6 years and relate to a lot of what you said. There is a good AA group (if you're interested) called Atlantic Group that has regular meetings that have a lot of years of sobriety in them as well as a solid younger contingent. Hope you find your way through this. IWNDWYT
I moved to New York City last May with my significant other. He's a bartender and works an opposite schedule of me so I was basically always on my own...My loneliness came to a head this past Christmas. I drank all day. Then proceeded to go out and drink more. I blacked out still can't piece together where I was between Manhattan and going back to Brooklyn where I live. Apparently I was right down the street from my apartment when I came back into brief consciousness of the police trying to get me to go in an ambulance. When I drunkenly refused they called my boyfriend who was working at the time and apparently took me home. ..The next day I hit our apartment supply of bourbon immediately to avoid my violent withdrawal...That was it for me and drinking. ..So I'm right there with you my friend. Good job on your inner reflections - I've been having the same myself. ..IWNDWYT
When I quit the first time I was told to eat all the sugar I wanted.  Alcohol has lots of carbs that your body is suddenly missing when you quit drinking and letting myself have sweets (especially in the beginning) helped a lot with physical cravings.  Sobriety is a great thing even if it's not always pleasant or what I expected but I am happy to be not drinking with you today. :-)
Hey 2018.  Just read your post and felt i had to write.  These are hard yards and i appreciate the loneliness you must feel that how everything you've built has been around alcohol.  The thing is and im 40 in two months is that alcohol can have a habit of crowding out other or the potential to pursue other activities.  She can be a possessive misstress.  Via these other pursuits 5 a side soccer cycling rock climbing whatever the fuck it is you will meet other people and you will change.  Also without the alcohol you'll have the opportunity to work on the problems rather than hide from them.  . I'm 17 days sober and I've never felt so positive about my future and potential.  ..Good luck 18 keep on keeping on. 
Hey how are you doing?  I know this is a month old but I know how it is to be sober in NYC.  Reach out if you need a sounding board or some fun NYC sober suggestions!  It's not nearly the booze-soaked town people think.
