-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rc23l/almost_slipped_after_almost_6_months/

I've got nearly 6 months under my belt without a drop of alcohol. I feel much better than when I was still drinking. And yet I almost had a relapse...I'm a dual diagnosis patient which means a mental illness (schizophrenia/psychosis for me) along with one or more addictions (alcohol and benzos for me). Years ago before I started drinking every day I had depression. Nowadays the doctors say that was not real depression but rather a preliminary stage for my psychosis. That would also explain why antidepressants didn't do shit. Anyway I started drinking to numb the depression. Then I got started with benzos on top of the sauce and eventually did a super brutal detox which left me with pure psychosis. Psychosis was worse to me. Over time I started to forget how much depression sucks. My focus was entirely on the psychosis/schizophrenia and how awful that is. Depression got pushed in the background. I didn't cry every day anymore. I wasn't really sad. Just cripplingly anxious and consumingly angry and with hallucinations and everything else that belongs to schizophrenia...About two weeks ago the depression came back in full force. I was reminded how much depression sucks. I cried again. Alone in front of family and friends and I even shed a silent tear or two in public. My motivation went down the drain. I can't concentrate. I have been sad 24/7. My psychosis was pretty well under control and I only needed my as-needed meds every few days. Now I feel bad every day. I stopped meeting friends. I've been going to work late. I stopped caring about what would happen to me. What kept me away from alcohol was in part the fear of another withdrawal. I didn't care anymore. Anything to numb the sadness. I also have a self-help group similar to AA but specifically for dual diagnoses. I did force myself to go there  yesterday and I'm glad I did. So far the depression is still present every day for most of the day but the intensity has been getting weaker. All I know is that something is happening - something is moving - and I really hope it's going in the direction of healthiness...I'm not sure how I did it but I'm still sober. Yay me.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you have been through hell and back and I'm sorry you have to face this again. I am impressed by how strong you are being and I hope the depression lifts soon. Great job reaching out and definitely yay you for being sober!
I hope you find the support you need. In case it's helpful here's some information about post-acute alcohol withdrawal and benzodiazepine withdrawal:.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-acute-withdrawal_syndrome.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benzodiazepine_withdrawal_syndrome..I only leave this here because some antipsychotics cause pretty bad and sometimes permanent damage and I think people make mistakes about diagnoses in recovering substance abusers (https://www.webmd.com/schizophrenia/tardive-dyskinesia)...Six months is a short time to be recovered from abuse of two very powerful GABA pathway drugs.
Thanks for sharing.  I wish you so much courage for your continuing journey.....
I don't have any solid advice here but I just wanted to say how amazing it is that you are strong enough to skip the booze on the rough days (something I'm forever struggling with). What an accomplishment. Sobriety is challenging on a good day (duh) so to stick with it even on the not-so-happy-days is a massive achievement and makes me think it's possible to have that for myself one day. IWNDWYT.
