-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7re1k0/its_not_all_about_the_high_score/

I've been working on quitting drinking for going on two years now. I've had a million stops and starts. Commitments and relapses. I've gone a month a few times I've gone a week many times. A few days a lot of times. ..What I want to say is No I don't have that huge number to be proud of (my badge is totally wrong). And sometimes I really wish I did. Sometimes I feel like a failure and like a weak person. But even trying to quit drinking has been life changer. Three years ago I was in a relationship that was very centered around drinking. I woke up hung over more days than not. I showed up to work still drunk from the night before. I'd go on binges I'd call out of work. My hobbies were pushed to the side because I couldn't do them drunk. I look at pictures of myself and see a bloated face and body. I see an unhappy person. ..These days I am still trying to quit. I maybe drink one night a week. Sometimes I over-do it. Sometimes I don't. But just the act of trying to commit has changed my life for the better. I got a better job I am in a great relationship with someone who knows about my struggles and is a positive influence on me. I am going back to school. I am in good shape and climbing harder than I have ever climbed before (I'm a rock climber). I've told people in my life that I am trying not to drink to make myself accountable. When I wake up hungover I get myself out of bed. I try to eat healthy and be active I don't allow myself to go on binges. ..So I don't have a big number (I'm at 4 right now- I drank at an event on Saturday).  But I also know that when I decided that I was going to try to quit drinking  my life began to improve. I battle cravings all the time sometimes daily. I read this sub multiple times a day. I journal  I read stories about others who have been able to quit drinking. I wake up hungover and hate myself and recommit to not drinking today. ..So if you are like me and don't have a big number but are still trying your damn hardest to quit- know that your efforts are not insignificant. That you will see benefits. And don't let a slip-up turn into a complete free fall. Dust yourself off practice self-love and self-awareness and try try again. .
----------immediate responses--------

Progress not perfection those are words I live by. I am only human I am going to make mistakes that's how I am I just try to do better the next time and learn form it..Drinking was just me masking all the real problems I had to deal with. .Once I got that alcohol offers me no benefit to my life only mayhem  it got easier to abstain. 
Some of the most strong-willed people I have ever met suffer(ed) from drinking problems (without even knowing it). Having difficulty with alcohol does not mean you're weak. Keep on pushing forward. IWNDWYT!
Sometimes I wish I had found this sub years and years ago so there was a record of all my starts and stops. I really don't think that getting better is a linear process. I learned so so much when I was trying to figure it out. I think that in some sobriety programs the days aren't counted at all. I kind of like that idea because really we are all on day 1 all the time. ..
I agree with Absolute Rascal we're all on Day 1 all of the time.  I'm not counting my days either  even though there's a number by my log on name. The numbers make me think I'm competing with myself and actually I'm just trying to learn about and live with my new self. The build up of days doesn't matter to me. I think you share some wise words that our efforts even though imperfect are not insignificant. In sharing your story you've helped me verify that my effort is good.  Interesting journey that you're on with the rest of us no matter where we are on the scale of things. I hope things work out for you. Good luck! Let's not drink together. 
thank you for this post. keep climbing... the wall and up out of the ditch of alcohol. I will not drink with you today.
I knew for quite a few years that I had a drinking problem and that I needed to stop.  On 1st January 2017 I knew I had reached my point of no return.  You'll stop when the time is right for you.
