-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rk2er/after_150_days_looking_better_feeling_better/

These changes were subtle they crept up on me without me even noticing until now...Work is stressful but I feel I can handle it now and I don't feel utterly defeated like I did for months...I find my work fulfilling even if I still struggle to pay the bills. I know there will be enough I know I will be okay. I wish I could take my husband on vacation but this will come with time. It beats being sick or in jail or blacked out every few nights...I'm looking better. I recently learned that some of my co-workers thought I was in my late 20s (I'm 44). I've been taking better care of myself eating healthier foods and actually have the energy for proper hygiene and skincare. I'm even considering joining one of those 24-hour gyms so I can work out late at night when I get off work. Membership is cheap at some of those places...Anyway I'm not here to brag but 150 days ago I never believed I would stop feeling depressed I never believed I would start caring about myself again I never believed I would be where I am right now...So to anyone just starting on the path to sobriety it may take time to see positive changes and to start feeling better but it can happen. It is possible. It just takes time and a daily commitment to staying sober...Love ya SD! I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job! An added bonus to all this is not wasting money that you can use for other things now!
Impressive! Thanks for sharing and glad you are doing well. ..I will not drink with you today
Congratulation and thanks for your inspiring post. I really needed this kind of story today. I've been trying for a year-and-a-half with some success but relapsed this weekend and I'm hanging out on the somewhat hopeless side of things. Your success helps me believe in 150 days I can post something similar :-)
&gt;I'm not here to brag..Whaaaaaaat?!?! Then I'll brag for ya ;) ..Hey SD our u/LinkOpensChest_wav hit **153** Days!!! Let's have a huge round of applause! ;) Congrats!
Glad to hear you're doing well Link keep up the good work!..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Nice work! Keep it up!  I've been doing the same and feel great!
I joined a local budget gym around four months in. Having never taken an exercise class in my life I decided to give pilates a whirl. I go religiously twice a week now and it de-stresses me more than booze ever did.  ..This was after years and years of intermittent gym membership with the best intentions because I knew I should be taking better care of myself but then never actually going because I wasn't as committed to anything as I was to putting away way too much wine!..Isn't it great the turn-rounds we can make when we apply ourselves to something other than drinking?  Sounds to me like you're doing so well that it'd be a great idea to re-invest some of that saving into something that supports those positive changes. Go you!  Happy not to drink with you today  :)
Thank you for sharing. This made me cry. 
