-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ro0ns/day_1_again/

I've lurked here for about a year and find myself struggling with sobriety...Started drinking in 4th grade. Raised by a narcissist alcoholic mom and a straight up alcoholic dad. They divorced in my teens and I self medicated the pains away...Problem is: I'm really entertaining when I've had a few pops. My husband is a white collar successful broker and entertains a LOT.  He likes it when I drink because I am funny after a glass or two of Pinot. I refer it to  cranking up the organ and watch the monkey dance     ..So two glasses and I'm charming three or four and I'm hilarious... after five I'm fuzzy......I'm 50 with 3 kids and am a completely functional alcoholic. I'm rarely hungover and manage to hold a job and don't day drink etc.... but as soon as 7pm rolls around I'm ready to disconnect. ..Oh and my drunk personality really loves sex so there's that... ..So this year I decidedly to explore sobriety. I've only ever quit during pregnancies before. I haven't told anyone: just my husband. I've asked him to please not take me to bars until I get this under control...He thinks it's okay for me to have a beer/cocktail/glass of wine or two. Sometimes it is. Sometimes I drink only half a bottle of wine wait til he goes to bed and then pound several shots of any liquor... vodka whiskey whatever.... ..We have a liquor cabinet full of dozens of high end liquor. Last year we built a kick ass wine cellar.  Our family is so entrenched in social drinking. ..Sigh... at least IWNDWYT  
----------immediate responses--------

I kept telling myself I was "functional" too...I was lying to myself...Alcohol made me a liar and a thief...I lied to myself and stole emotional support connection and my presence from my loved ones...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
At least you are aware of the possibility that you may have a problem and that alcohol may not be doing for you what you beilieve it to be doing for you. That is a big step the denial is real and its not a river in Africa lol. But my feelings are that any sober time is good and valuable and helps you learn what its like to be sober I learned I actually like being sobee and waking up with a clear head and enjoying a peaceful morning with a cup of coffee. In fact I love it. But I struggle too just keep trying for that sober time eventually you may like it more than drinking. IWNDWYT
http://www.earthclassmail.com are scamming people.
