-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rxiso/made_it_through_the_move/

A few friends and family helped me move my stuff which was great but most of them had to leave before we were done...By 5 p.m. it was just my 16 year old son and I loading and unloading the last load complaining about sore muscles and dropping off the rental truck...During this time I told him about the struggles of been having with taking a break from alcohol... Having streaks of sobriety that ended with a day where I just had "one or two"... That inevitably became several days of heavy drinking...This kid... I gotta tell you he's wise way beyond his years.  He immediately relates to the struggle with his own regarding sweets.  Talks about how after eating healthy for a couple of weeks wants to reward himself with a candy bar... And a few days later when he's feeling like garbage realizes that it's because that one slip prompted him to eat nothing but garbage for days...The story doesn't end there....While we were spending way too much time on the last boxes and the mutual bitch session was in full swing I mentioned how a couple of drinks might really help my sore muscles but I didn't want to drink.  He said "don't worry dad; I won't let you."..And that right there? That was enough.  My son is watching.  He's *been* watching.  The knowledge that he wants me to succeed in sobriety gave me the extra boost I needed at a time when I really needed it...We finished the night at dinner.  I had a sugar-free red bull to drink.  After I dropped him off at his mom's house I was still really hurting and considered drinking...But the critical moment had passed and I went home to spend the night with my dogs so they wouldn't freak out about being alone in a new place...I just saw my flair.  I'm up to a week now and that feels amazing! ..I will not drink with you today..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on one week! You have a very smart son. Good job there! Not drinking with you today!
What a beautiful story. You have a gem of a son! Lean on that thought and him every time you have a craving. You can do this. So proud of you for making it through last night!
What a lovely story. Congratulations on a week! 
