-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7rxtll/three_rs/

A friend of mine attends AA meetings regularly and I do not. They just aren't my cup of tea for some reason. I was struggling Friday night and I had bad cravings and was too hell bent on figuring out why. Work was okay and nothing bad happened so it wasn't a cope or celebrate type of reaction. He told me to remember the three R's to get through the cravings. ..Recognize the craving. Understand you are craving alcohol and how easy it can be for us to succumb. I almost feel like a robot programmed to buy and drink alcohol when I get cravings. ..Reduce the craving. Remember and replay the bad moments that brought us to the point of wanting to stop. Luckily for those of us here in SD we can turn to the threads or our own post/comment history to reread our thoughts. ..Refocus. Get up off the couch and do something anything to get your mind off the drink. ..So the thought about going to get that pint was heavy on my mind. Had a busy day at work early Saturday morning ahead and recalled all the hungover days just trying to get thru that kind of hellish day. Made my way to chick fil a to drown in Dr Pepper and chick fil a sauce. Came back home and watched the twilight zone and read my book. Damn that felt good and I kicked ass at work yesterday too btw!..Have an awesome end to the weekend and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Love it! If AA wasn't your scene you might look at SMART Recovery or Refuge Recovery if you want some support. Rock on
Those 3 R's are a good mnemonic.  Another is HALT = Hungry Angry Lonely Tired.  Recognizing I was in one of these states gave me direction to get out of it...BTW I am also not into AA but as you have found there is useful guidance which comes out of that collective.  I have tried not to let the things about it which I don't care for stop me from benefiting from the things that can actually help me...I hope you also enjoy the rest of your weekend!
I'm not too far ahead of you in days sober.  You're on the right track with activity carbs &amp; sweets.  Just keep avoiding the stimulus (for me it's breathing air ;-&gt;) and hang on.  You'll probably never be rid of the urge but they will become fewer and weaker...and more sneeky...Good luck IWNDWYT .
You just gave me a craving for a cup of tea actually I'm going to make a pot...It's good when you get over a craving it helps remembering the joy you gained the next time you have one.
Long term sobriety is more than identifying and overcoming cravings it's about personal growth without a framework for that I couldn't of remained sober this long 
Hi hey thanks for posting this it's exactly what I needed to read.  I'm having really strong cravings right now FOR NO REASON AT ALL and I'm doing exactly what you're saying.
Good old 3Rs
