-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ry7pd/struggling/

Hi all..I think I've finally faced the realisation that I really need help. I lost another friend this week due to getting aggressive and argumentative while drinking. Now I feel really scared and alone and don't know how to fix it :(
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Now I feel really scared and alone and don't know how to fix it..Stopping drinking is a great start and obviously why you're here. What have you tried in the past to help with quitting? Many here succeed with meetings therapists posting/reading here religiously and/Or getting physically fit as well as other things. Make it a goal to hit that pillow sober and make it a goal tomorrow. 
Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  I lied to myself regularly promising "not drinking tomorrow" then not following through.   That's because promises of "tomorrow" are empty and a shell game...Tomorrow never comes.  *I cannot experience tomorrow*.  Neither can you...So I lied to myself.  I misrepresented my impairment to others.  I stole support emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones.  I might "be in the room" but I wasn't present...I needed support.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  The were warm welcoming and non-judgmental.  ..I got support to stop drinking and learned to live sober and present...My loved ones deserve it I deserve it.
Man this really reminds me of myself. In my experience there was no immediate fix - I had to work at things for a bit...Stopping drinking was the most important thing. Sure it was tough the face that loneliness and confusion fully sober. But man it was worth it for me. I gradually learned better coping skills one day at a time. I've since begun looking at each day as an opportunity to learn a little more about myself. From there I just try to keep learning and moving froward...Glad you're here with us!
Thanks everyone :) attending my first AA meeting tonight! 
