-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s08lj/who_feels_great_without_alcohol/

Yes I struggle with the cravings but damn I feel GOOD today. 
----------immediate responses--------

stayed sober this entire week. first time as far back as i can remember I was sober for a whole week. Feel so good was at the gym every day and handled all my responsibilities. I had a craving to order a bloody mary while i was out at lunch with some friends but resisted. ..then...i ended up relapsing last night. feel like complete shit right now. 
Me.
I do.  Sleep is awesome.  My brain is fog free after decades.  Have done 1 regretful thing in the past 617 days.
Sort of meh today. No matter my mood at the moment though alcohol would make things bleaker. I don't miss that shit.
I do! I've been twitchy today / tonight as would normally have a bottle of red on a Sunday but I've tried to keep busy and ride it out. Going to bed in a minute (9pm lol) but I know I'll be glad in the morning! I'll get my 3 weeks in a couple of days and that'll be my longest dry spell..
Better every damned day honestly. It's hard yes. It's uncomfortable sure. But I am just pissed I didn't commit sooner. 
I feel terrific! 
Feels great! I feel like I actually inhabit my own body
My hands are in the air!  I do!     
I feel soooo much better all day every day. .No pink clouds here. Problems large and small occur but I'm prepared to deal with them instead of drink for relief.
Me. More energized and... More "Me" which is the most important.
Trying to stay busy. I would be drunk by now. But today has been one of the more productive days this year. By far. So IWNDWYT.
I don't feel better without drinking. I don't feel worse either. I don't even want to quit drinking. I have to go find out if the drinking or all my meds or a combination is causing my high liver enzymes. 
I honestly do. My mind is clear I feel sharper and while my sleep schedule is out of whack when I sleep it's GOOD sleep. Skin is looking better as well. I still have moments where I think about alcohol such as when I drove past a liquor store yesterday but I kept my eyes on the road and foot on the gas while saying "NOPE" out loud to myself. Waste of money and not worth the stop!
not me..frankly I really want to stop this whole no drinking thing but I'm kinda attached to my streak.. social situations are fucking shit now.
Me - training for an upcoming 50K trail run is going great with recovery from runs so much faster. And the rest of my life is going great too!
The beautiful moments are SO beautiful :')
Me by a long way
Me! Anxiety is beginning to settle down (perhaps tomorrow I will deal with the things that have been making me anxious for a month) cravings pass much more quickly I felt optimistic and cheerful walking my dog in the sun today and my skin is clearer.  
I do! Feels wonderful not ever having to reconnect events from the night before or worry about behaviors. I feel stronger and more powerful for sure. 
Count me in.  I could not imagine sacrificing all the gifts of sobriety for whatever small temporary relief might be left in the bottle.
MEMEMEMEME!  Being sober is amazing!  I never make decisions I regret because I'm sober when I make them.  Sometimes they don't work out but oh well at least I can trust I made the decision with my brain in a healthy mode!  Grats on 4 days friend!
I have been riding that wave since day 5. Once I woke up and realized I felt so much better physically it really helped with the mental cravings. It was like I had had arthritis without knowing it. My joints felt better (I didn't even know I had pain) and I could move more easily. My brain was sharper. It might not be as dramatic a change each day but it just keeps getting better and better. Hang in there! The hardest part is almost over :)
I do! So grateful for both:.-Not doing/saying things I regret for days or weeks (or more!) afterward.-Being sober enough to remember that I didn't do or say stupid things!!!..Now when I do run into problems it's because I'm a human living life not because I'm a drunk idiot causing more problems for myself. Life I can handle but drunk me is a boss I'd never like to report to again.
Me. Present. Feeling the roller coasters that's life. Iwndwyt.
Alcohol looking back made me very uncomfortable.  It wasn't relaxing cuz I knew I was fucking up and every time I took a sip I knew I was failing and getting passed up.
I don't.  I physically feel better.  I'm sleeping better.  I'm making better decisions eating better taking better care of myself and participating in the care of my family.  I *know* I am doing the right thing.  ...But mentally things are still pretty hard.  I'm struggling hard almost daily with ten years of repressed anxiety destroyed dopamine pathways and grief. IWNDWYT.
I slept all night last night. I haven't done that in a long long time. I don't feel great but did already noticed a good night's sleep last night. I have a long road ahead of me but look forward to waking up sober tomorrow for work. It's been a while since I was not hungover on Monday!  IWNDWYT!
Me! It's not the euphoric high I used to get when I drank most of the time and would just quit for a day or two but it's better because it feels permanent safe and normal. I feel NORMAL. And confident. Still the best decision I ever made.  To everyone just beginning stick with it! It's not all fun all the time but it feels pretty great most of the time which is more than I can say for my previous lifestyle.
/raises hand 
I do
I do. But eating a million meals a day is kicking my wallet's ass lol.
I don't feel anything... unless I'm drunk.  I hate feeling things though.
I don't miss it. I gave up drinking and smoking simultaneously (cos if I drink I'll smoke) yet I can sit with friends right beside them their cig smoke drifting right up into my face their fizzing beers right next to my still water: and I couldn't care less meaning that I have no wish to join them in their pursuits. All I have to is imagine feeling shitty and hungover. No way I'm going back there. I will not drink with any of you today. I feel great without alcohol!   
Yes! If I'd known the difference it would make I'd have stopped sooner!
I think the key here is the word "great." I FEEL without alcohol. I think that's the most important thing. I feel great; I feel lousy; I feel everything in between. The ability to feel is an amazing gift and I haven't had a drink in 29 years.
Me! :) I'm sleeping better the brain fog is gone I'm not as nervous or anxious I don't shake my skin looks better my eyes look better I have more energy I now have a desire to get up and DO things...I'm just annoyed with myself that I didn't do this sooner!
Me!!! Life is so so so much better without it!!
I'm feeling much better without it and it's slowly but surely improving.
I do! Stayed up late to see my badge turn 90 days and sippin' on my Monin Lavender and La Croix. ;) .. 
Hell yeah I feel great! What I've really noticed is my workouts are on point and my body feels almost reborn. I look in the mirror and like what I see. Healthy clear eyes and no dark circles or redness. Cheers to everyone on here! IWNDWYT
I feel lighter- which is good - not just in my body [though definitely in my body] but also in my footsteps [I have this naturally bouncing walking gait that I lost when I was drinking but it's baaaack!] in my mind [just less stuff I feel like shit about going on in there] and in my heart. I don't have to try and smile anymore - I just do because I'm feeling pretty darn chuffed to have so far kicked the bottle to the kerb. I find myself humming as I potter in the kitchen...It's not all rainbows and butterflies - I still cuss a blue streak when the social media channels for one of my gigs are slower than a child tidying a bedroom. I still roll my eyes and groan at emails from some folk. I still mutter "asshole" to myself about plenty of people. I still get some anxiety and am incapable of getting to sleep before about 2am - but none of that is bugging me as much as it did when I was hungover. Hangovers are like steroids for bad moods and bad moments - making them bigger and stronger and meaner mofos. So don't miss that. On balance I am feeling good more than I am feeling otherwise.
I feel great daily. I have been sleeping more but I attribute that to me still recovering from the worst flu I've had in years around Christmas. I love knowing exactly what I did the night before and having no surprises to wake up to. 
Being sober feels amazing until it's time to socialize. I still cave in and have a couple beers when people come over but I realize its pointless because it would take 12 or so to get a buzz. But considering I was drinking 1.75L vodka every weekend I'm proud of the progress I've made. People can tell I'm sober just by my face and fact I'm more productive so it's great to get validation. 
Meeee! ..I even used the money I would have spent on alcohol in a week to treat myself to a massage and sauna. Felt amazing. 
I'm feeling great too!  I drank wine six days in a row last time and it took me four days to recover. 
I feel fantastic!
Well I'm glad you're able to see your progress! It took me a year to get from 7-? Drinks a night to none. 
What is this monin lavender?
Interesting 
Awesome!!
I do! *waves*..If I were to start drinking again I know what my world would look like - empty beer cans everywhere living like a slob feeling like garbage and worst of all suicidal.
