-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s0e1l/back_at_day_60/

Last time I was here the relapse was rumbling. I didn't really fight it because of curiosity and a desire to allow alcohol on special occasions. The relapse wasn't dramatic in any way. I drank two evenings in a row. Once at home on my own and once at a bar with friends. Basically the two ways in which I would usually drink. After 60 days of sobriety neither of those situations was improved by alcohol this surprised me. On the second night with friends I planned on continuing drinking after the others went home. Not in advance this plan started to form after a couple of beers as usual. I was noticably drunk and didn't expect to be let into another place if I left with them and prentended to head to the subway. So instead I said I was going to visit the bathroom and said good bye to them before leaving the bar. Thankfully after visiting the loo I thought twice about it and instead of ordering another beer I decided to go home and haven't had a drink since. Seeing the lack of joy alcohol gave me and the incessant chasing of the high cemented my resolve and I have no regrets...I didn't mean for this post to be about looking back but I think the background is useful for me to keep in mind. This time around I haven't really had any cravings or issues at all and I assume that is because I have made up my mind. Haven't had to fight my desire to drink because I am doing what I truly want by staying sober. I'm being careful to stay humble and remind myself each day that I am just a couple of drinks away from turning into that pathetic high seeking person that would do anything for another drink. I come here every morning to keep my eye on the prize...Since the beginning of January I have started focusing on other things I want to improve in my life (diet relationships and other compulsive habbits). It has been helpful to see progress in new areas and since this progress rests on my ongoing progress with alcohol it adds an extra layer of accountability. If I start drinking again now I will lose progress in all these areas. It has also helped keep my mind off alcohol I guess...Bit of a ramble of a post but I wanted to share my progress since reading other peoples progress here has helped me immensely. I will happily remain sober with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm at day 50 or 51 the thoughts of going for 2 drinks are on my mind for later this week. .the last time I drank was mg rock bottom. I didn't expect it either it just happend. .
Here's to keeping our eye on that prize codegasm!       someone wrote earlier today they are dropping bad things out of their life now and alcohol was the glue that held it all together.  .Here's to dropping out quitting and getting out while we can!  Happy 60 
Your post really resonates with me. So many times I have said goodbye to friends on a night out and say I'm heading to the train station to turn around and find another bar and end up talking to strangers and getting home at 2am on a work night instead of being in bed asleep and home safe with my husband at 10.30pm.  Am at day 20 and really hoping I can get that control back that you have found. Well done!  
