-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7s7jy9/is_there_a_way_to_get_rid_of_that_badge/

I'm so ashamed to admit i'm drinking again for more than a few weeks and i hate it.  I'm trying to keep it a secret from some people while others don't even know i have a problem. I feel guilty for letting the days on the badge roll in and i don't want to constantly bother someone with resets because the next one is right around the corner. I think i've started drinking again because my antidepressant has finally lost its function to get me to sleep. I've become an alcoholic because alcohol has always been the only reliable way to not roll around in bed for hours and now i'm at the point where i need it again to function in my godawful job. I don't even have a hangover to punish me for drinking until i fall asleep. Fuck i'm too young for this. I should be getting my life on track right now but instead i'm struggling with this. Why did i promise my mother to stick to my apprenticeship? I only want to be far away from this mundane routine the expectations and the people but especially from the booze to keep up with all of the above. I'm truly sorry for this rambling and negativity because everyone in this sub is or was struggling but i don't know where else to vent because the people closest to me would be devastated if i told them i relapsed again and again. Fuck.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
:(..You said you're at the point where you need it again to function in your god awful job. Instead of relapsing again what if you get rid of the apprenticeship? I know you promised your mother - but I'm sure she would be happier if you were actually happy. ..You have the power to be rid of the mundane routine and any position that makes you so unhappy! ..Also -- melatonin is a good natural sleep aid that has helped me quite a bit regulate my sleeping. 
I discovered that the people around me were very understanding whenever I relapsed.  You've taken the first step and came here and talk about the relapse.  Just keep moving forward.  I find if I need to talk or to vent places like r/stopdrinking are a good place to do it.  
