-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sa939/depressed_stressed_and_booze_free/

I hesistate to call what I'm currently going as a thru a tough time because honestly I have a lot to be thankful for. But the reality is that a few factors some in my control others not have gotten me really stressed out and triggered my depression a bit. I've been thru this before since I quit drinking and know how to deal that's not the point of this post. ..I just wanted to talk to the newbies and the lurkers about it. Quitting drinking isn't a magic bullet. Sometimes you have bad days or a stretch of them and that's okay. Our culture (at least in the USA) has put a lot of focus on personal happiness and satisfaction that while not inherently wrong is ultimately not great...My life is so much better without alcohol but that doesn't mean that every day is awesome; they're not supposed to be. I've got a roof over my head food in my belly my health a best friend who I'm madly in love with and who loves me in incredible ways great friends and a family. And I've had a shitty few weeks. Those things can be true together and I'm experiencing them without alcohol. ..If anything dealing with hard times without alcohol because I'm not wasted has me acutely aware of the entire situation and allows me to understand that ultimately it's not the end of the world. ..No time for self pity or climbing inside a bottle. Balance is important: struggles matter and should be handled but I'm not special- I don't deserve to burn my world down with booze because I've got the blues. I'm not the first one to be in my situation and I won't be the last. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you I needed to read this on Blue Monday. 
   
I completely agree with this. Thank you. I think the Pink Cloud posts can sometimes dominate and make it seem like sober people's lives are all perfect. 
I needed to read this today. Thank you for sharing it.
This is a great post and what I needed to read right now. Thank you.
Yep.  Life is often good but rarely fair.  It's often mundane and only occasionally interrupted by the exciting or unexpected.  That is what life is for the vast majority of the people on this planet.  ..However I would sooner wake up bored and clear headed than excited and horribly hungover :-)
You're an absolute star. You've expressed that feeling so well and I want to wish you the very best. There are no easy answers and people who tell you there are have never had a real problem in their lives. 
