-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7seh8z/i_need_advice/

Okay so I'll try to keep this as straight forward as possible excuse the wall of text btw im on mobile....I've scoured this sub and other related subs trying to find some answers I've seen things similar but nothing that fully answers all the questions I have so I figured 'why not'...I'm 23 male and have been drinking since around 13-14ish. Grew up in a lower-middle class broken home in a small town. I NEVER saw drinking as a problem until maybe a year or so ago and since then I've struggled a lot with it psychologically. I used to smoke a lot of weed until I had to go to drug classes and couldnt smoke anymore I turned to k2 and booze. I noticed once my classes were over I would get MASSIVE panic attacks when I tried to smoke and slowly but surely those panic attacks started happening when I was sober. Somewhere in there me and my friends started getting wasted before school. I vividly recall being 16 and hanging out at a local spot downing an entire 5th of black velvet in the matter of hours it tasted like Pepsi to me and then stumbling home and having my mom throw me the keys to the van to "practice driving for my permit test the next week" I told her I wasn't feeling well. Turns out she was 'testing me' and knew I was smashed. Parties every weekend with kids blacking out when we all discovered 4lokos for the first time. Fast forward a few years and I moved in with my cousin and him and I would DRINK. Beers all day and liqour occasionally at night. By 18 I was drinking alone solely to be drunk. And the anxiety was full fledged by this point. By 21 I had a job in a brewery and a deeper appreciation for beer I think this is where my consumption peaked we would drink first thing in the morning until we left at night. BUT it was normal like that was part of the job and everybody just kinda went along with it. I worked there for 2 years and had to call it quits for other personal reasons. My problems peaked this past week after a long 7 day bender in Vegas I almost collapsed one morning while we were walking after a long day/night of drinking &amp; I honestly have no idea if the booze is even to blame for that.  ..Now I consider myself a semi-hypochondriac I think it stems from the anxiety. I just think there's something different wrong with me every day that's just a part of life for me now. I've had hangover of course but I rarely black out like rarely I know when I've had to much. The last few years haven't been bothering me because of how much I drink but rather how often seems everyday I'm drinking modest amounts compared to most but still...It's all happened so slow but if I zoom out and think about it I can almost see myself spiraling out of control. I've been experiencing what I guess are heart palpitaions with shortness of breath and a laundry list of other symtoms went to the doctor a month ago and she said it was probably just my anxiety which is growing like a demon inside of me. I've also started experiencing what I guess is refered to as 'the fear' some nights I wake up in the middle of the night with crazy night terrors and cold sweats and feel god aweful for about an hour till I fall back asleep. Which to me makes no since because its not like I'm downing a 5th of vodka throughout the day. ..Okay so main question: Does it always have to be black and white do I have to stop drinking completely? I love drinking and as of right now I can stop at 1-3 beers if I make myself but I hate doing that. I started writing down how many drinks I've had on my calendar but I hate doing that I don't want to be like that. Will I ever be able to casually drink again? I took yesterday off and had 1 beer the day before that. I'm sick but I dont think it's withdrawal. I just don't want to have to worry about slipping out of control. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi!  I think it's safe to say that we all love drinking and we all wish we could stop at 1-3 beers. Or glasses. Or shots. If you search this sub for  moderation  you'll see thousands of posts about it. It works for hardly any of us which is not a sign of weakness but a hallmark of the addiction itself and the chemicals involved in the brain...FWIW even one drink kickstarts the anxiety cycle in someone prone to anxiety. Like me and you. It's like the brain is readymade for disaster in that way. 
I've been where you are for years. Definitely the bargaining stage where you think you don't drink as much as an  alcoholic  and life hasn't crashed down yet. All I can say from experience is that it will. If you keep drinking you will get so much worse. It will escalate and get so much worse. You kind of sound like you don't really want to stop drinking but I hope you hear me when I say that the consequences are coming no many how.much you think you aren't alcoholic. Normal people really don't drink like that and you still have the chance to get out unscathed.
I have drank since college. If I could have afforded it I probably would have drank everyday. I did when I moved and worked in restaurants. I never really thought I had a problem until I was drinking daily and drinking a lot. ..This was 13 years of on and off drinking never realizing I truly had a problem. Severe depression mood swings no desire no care about drinking and driving no care about anything just drinking. That's not how life should be. Drinking to become numb. I drink to not feel anything around me. It makes me  feel good  but it also makes me not care about anything. ..When I start to drink - I don't stop. I don't want to and I don't want to loose the relax feeling so I keep going. For me There is not a happy medium. I can't have one. I enjoy drinking too much. It might not seem like you have a problem to yourself but if you truly enjoy it and don't want to give it up - that was the red flag for me. That was my want my desire. And it was killing me. I was on antidepressants mood stabilizers anxiety out the wazoo sleep deprivation and booze. I had a seizure on November 29 2017. It was caused by all the above. I have never had one prior. ..I am learning that I cannot be alone especially when I have the urge feeling. I need to have something to make me feel accomplished (work projects). I had a drink two days ago and it was not worth it. The mood swings stress pain urges everything with quitting drinking I have to go thru again. But I will go thru it again to get sober. Yesterday was Day 1. ..For me the detox was and is terrible. Headaches anxiety mood swings. Yelling at everyone around me crying crying and more crying. Remember I wasn't just coming off alcohol but also all my meds. So I cannot tell you the difference. It could be the exact same. It doesn't go away but you learn what can help. For me I have to remove myself for that moment. Music painting art walking. Go for a walk around the neighborhood (one day it was two miles later in 20 degree weather but had to be done). And I cannot be alone. I also can't drive(seizure) so I tag along with my husband everywhere which helps a lot. All I wanted was to be left alone. But that is the worst thing to do. ..It is extremely difficult to get to the realization point. It took me 13 years and a seizure to get there. Once you get there it is not all rainbows and butterflies but it is the better path to live. If you are ready - you can do it. but only if you are truly ready. The disappointment in yourself when having a hiccup is a feeling I never want again. 
Well. Sorry bud. I hate to say this but you should stop. Especially if anxiety is a concern. My drinking escalation was pretty similar to yours. I was a big beer guy loved the stuff brewed it tried all different kinds- it was part of my identity. But my drinking was getting worse and worse. Drinking everyday. Blacking out frequently. ..Concurrently my anxiety got worse and worse. It always felt like there was some sort of impending doom around every corner. ..In July I had an appendectomy (I know they say alcohol use doesnt really contribute to it but I am convinced it did) in August I passed out the morning after a bender and fell and smashed my face on the floor and had to get stitches. The doctors contributed my fainting spell on the combination of dehydration (from drinking) and anxiety. ..Yeah. I really thought I should quit after that but I didn't. I kept on going. Trying to limit myself to moderate. Finally near the end of October I realized that there was no way I could drink and not get drunk. ..Honestly trying to limit my alcohol intake took so much mental energy that it created additional stress and anxiety...Look I cant tell you what to do. But I can tell you that since I have quit drinking my stress and anxiety has improved remarkably. I still have anxiety but its manageable now. All those symptoms you mentioned absolutely sound like symptoms of anxiety.  ..It took a little while for my anxiety to improve. At 90 days it still seems to be getting better. But maybe you may want to try 30 days without alcohol and see how you feel then?
