-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sekcy/1_year_sober_thank_you_sd/

I worked hard and played hard for years and years.  My drinking was always excused because - "she works so hard and her career is so stressful."  I always took care of business - and as long as work was good - who cares if I drink 2 bottles of wine a night - this works for me.  This went on for years and years. ..Everything started to change when I had my daughter - my drinking wasn't OK anymore. I had a million blackout incidents - waking up with crippling anxiety embarrassment grabbing my phone praying I didn't text anything crazy etc.....My husband was getting disgusted and scared that I was going to hurt myself or destroy my daughter's life.  All of sudden being the "drunkest mom" at the party had to end.  One of my lowest points was when I was arrested for a DUI and my husband picked me up from the jail with my then 4 year old daughter in her pajamas.  ..I didn't know how I could really live my life without alcohol - it was terrifying.  I continued to drink - another Thanksgiving with family that I can't remember the end of the night another Christmas blur.  I had to make a change. .. On Jan 2nd of last year I went to an outpatient rehab.  I got there and just cried and cried.  I was a wreck.  I had to make a life change - my "great job" just wasn't cutting it anymore in any aspect of my life. .I was determined to change my life then on Jan 22nd - I snuck wine - my husband caught me - I said screw it - and ordered wine and off I went.  I was never going to change.  I woke up the next morning - broken ashamed. . .I googled stop drinking and I found this sub.  I had no idea this place existed.  I read and read for hours upon hours reading everyone's stories - triumphs and failures.  I wrote a post - the outpouring of support was overwhelming.  I didn't drink that day or the next. I read this every chance I could.  Watching my badge number grow everyday was empowering.  ..Yes I still go to therapy but I know for sure this place is what has helped me the most.  I still read it every single night.  So THANK YOU - to all of you.  I could have never imagined being sober and happy.  I could go on and on about how much better every aspect of my life has gotten - it wasn't overnight. I struggled a lot - but I just never drank -that's the key.  It took a good 3 months before I started to really think this new way of living could actually work.  I have hope - and life is better and easier.  I feel so good not being the "drunk mom" anymore.  Thank you to this sub for really giving me the life I never thought I could have. .I will not drink with you today!!! xoxoxo.
----------immediate responses--------

I really needed this post today thank you.  I related to everything you said.  I'm a working mom as well and my husband is so disgusted with me I'm afraid I've ruined everything.  He says he'll support me- as long as I stop drinking.  Here I am on day 5 and I really feel hopeful I can make it this time.   I'm also desperate scared sad and ashamed.  But still hopeful.   Thank you for this post!!!!
I am so very very happy for you and your family.  I had a big smile reading your post which I could have largely written myself...I was the drunk Dad who would fall asleep on the sofa most evenings not because of fatigue but because of one or more bottles of wine consumed over the course of the evening.  I too found this sub by accident - I had never even heard of Reddit!!  It undoubtedly made the difference in my stopping drinking.  Of that I have no doubt...I wish you many more years of enjoying your family and your new sober happy life. ..Well done you!!.Westy.
Congratulations on your daily success story. 
Congratulations!..I wish you another 10 years sober!
Well done! This is such a cool post! Thank you and yes this community rocks!
What a great post. I connect with it on so many levels and can feel that you are not only on the right track but that it's a permanent shift. Once we change our mindset and rewire the brain the control and power changes. .I'm never tempted to drink anymore but to your point....checking in here daily and seeing the badge grow WORKS! Congratulations on 365
Wow- congrats. Thanks for your honest pouring out your emotions and story. I'm 40 days in...looking for hope.
Stories like this inspire me so much. I can relate. It gives me hope. Thank you!   ..And here's to sober memories with our families!!   ..IWNDWYT 
IWNDWYT!! 
When my daughter came into the world I had the same thoughts.  I didn't want to teach her how to be a drunk.  I've witnessed it before.  My ex wifes cousin was a drunk and I saw her baby girl grow up into exactly what her mom was.  Very sad.  Good job happy for you.
Fantastic. Well done! 
Wow such an inspirational post. I have found this place exactly in the same manner you did.   Thousands of people are pouring in and I am so stunned to see how our stories alike. I am so eager to post on my 1st year like you did. Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Thank you. This post arrived at a good time for me. I'd taken myself off for a walk along the beach which was kicking in but this post helped tremendously...I'm sure your family are proud of you. Well done.
Really great job!
Congrats!!! keep it up!
Congrats!!
Congrats! Than you so much for sharing your experience. 
Congratulations!
That is amazing. Congratulations! I identify so much with what you wrote as a working woman-- I feel entitled to just keep wrecking myself. IWNDWYT
Congratulations!! Thank you so much for sharing.....I will not drink with you today!
To thine own self be true.  Best wishes .Congrats and IWNDWYT 
Awesome!!
Super inspiring.  Thank you. 
That's just amazing what an inspiring story. Thanks so much for sharing it and well done    IWNDWYT 
Congrats 
[removed]
Congrats on a year!!  Thanks for your post.
Welcome to the club. Congrats!
     
Congratulations!! You are an inspiration!! 
Thank you for writing this and I'm totally crying right now :)..I'm on day 4 and my husband is feeling great (we stopped together) and I'm still a miserable git trying to imagine how sobriety and me could actually be a longterm thing. But the idea of my little girl (mine's 3 now) being confused and scared by the chaos alcohol inevitably causes is the best salve I have so far. ..I really want to someday be able to write "life is better and easier."..Thanks again. 
way.to.go!
Getting into therapy and talking honestly about the things that have happened in my life has been a MAJOR part of my sobriety. Congratulations on 1 year!
Congratulations!!!  Do something super fun and exciting today!  .We got this!!
Your an inspiration! Congrats!
I failed repeatedly to stop drinking for years.  Accepting failure and learning from it instead of wallowing and using it as an excuse to keep drinking was key in sticking with my sobriety.  Reading peoples stories has helped me too.  Congratulations on reaching one year sober!  You should be proud. 
WILD !  We have the same sobriety date . Congrats !!
Fantastic job way to go!..IWNDWYT
Congratulations!!!!!! 
Great story. Well done.
Such an inspiring post. I too found this by Googling. So glad I did ! Glad your life is much happier now. 
Congratulations on a WHOLE year! That's awesome. You're doing awesome. This post gave me some hope today. Thanks =-]
Hurray for One Year!  It's a great accomplishment.  You're doing a fine job.  It's better on the sober side of the street.  I will not drink with you today.
For the first time in 9 years I'm 50 days alcohol free thanks to this sub. People like you are what make this community so strong and powerful!..One thing that scares me is that I don't know the answer for "Can I live without drinking anymore?". I'm fighting day by day and each day it passes it seems more possible and more real! And reading this almost deletes my doubts and ensures me that the right way to live is alcohol free! I will keep on fighting! Congratulations and thank you for sharing and being an inspiration! IWNDWYT!
Oooouf this reminds me so much of my own story it hurts. I'm glad you made it this far! Keep it up! 
So happy for you!!!  I  am right behind ya!  Sober and loving it!!
Thank you for sharing and inspiring us all. 
Congrats and continued success to you
Hooray!!
Thanks so much for sharing this. I too am a working mom with a job that takes so much of me. I used to  work late  while my husband was at home with the toddler and drink wine while at work (we have it there all the time which is a whole other issue) and finish projects respond to emails. Then I would stop by for one or two by myself on the way home. Sometimes eat something terrible for me too. I would sit there on my phone still under the pretense of how I had so much work yet to accomplish. I simply didn't know how to turn off manually. I had to completely pull the plug on reality by numbing all of myself. I cannot imagine what kind of person my son ultimately saw when I made it home but I certainly was not present. I was not there for him in the truest sense. It's important for me to write these words and remember them because just a few minutes ago I had an intense urge to drink in order to  unwind' from a long day of work meetings that left me feeling inadequate. But I can't. One drink would turn into many. And many would turn to waking up tomorrow feeling like I had undone all the progress I have made these last two months. 
Thank you for sharing. I'm a working mom too and desperately want to make a change. I'm worried for my health my daughter my marriage. I haven't gone more than one or two days without a drink in years. Stories like yours give me hope. Thank you for sharing. Congratulations on your one year anniversary! 
Congrats!!!  We're in this one together!!!  Onward!!!
what a great story. congrats!
Yay you!  Congratulations from someone with a similar story looking to hit that 1 year.
Congrats and thanks so much for sharing your story!
 Congratulations. 
Love this! You're story is incredibly inspiring! Thank you for sharing and congratulations on your new life!  
Thank you for sharing! I'm a mom as well and this was a brave post.  Anything talking about yourself as a mother especially the times you've fucked up can be daunting. So I seriously commend you. .I can understand the anxiety you feel/felt. There were a few times a drank myself into a black out and a completely debilitating hangover.  Rendering me close to useless for my amazing son who doesn't deserve anything of the sort. .I'm glad you could put yourself out there and provide comfort to others going through similar situations I hope you feel lighter. I've been struggling with my sobriety recently but reading posts like this makes me realize I'm not alone. Again thank you for your bravery and sharing. 
Test
So happy for you. Congratulations. Thank you for sharing your inspirational story. 
Happy sober cake day! IWNDWYT!
Congrats! Great story!
YAY!! CONGRATULATIONS!! I am so stinking proud of you. I just hit one year on Sunday so we're almost birthday twins! Here's to toasting each other next year when we hit two years!! 
Congrats. And thank you! I also needed to hear this. Struggling as I approach day 60. It's getting easier but Day 365 seems a million miles away.
