-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sewae/has_anyone_lost_a_marriage_or_long_term/

Some background.  I'm 38.  Even though my counter says 50 days due to a Thanksgiving weekend relapse I started my sobriety journey on August 14.  I have been a heavy drinker and barely "functional" alcoholic for 15-20 years.  I started weekend drinking in college at age 18 which escalated to daily drinking by the time I was 20.  I had to take a few month long breaks or so after college when living with my parents who were very against my drinking but I snuck around.  Since moving out at 23 I had been drinking 5-7 nights a week to the point of mild to full intoxication.  When I came clean to friends and family most were surprised how much it was.  Most of my jobs have been short term and I live paycheck to paycheck mostly but most assumed it wasn't alcohol related....I married my wife in 2013 and one of the things I loved about her was that we could be ourselves but with each other.   That sounds great from a movie perspective but for me what it really meant was she would never judge me for drinking and we could just play video games together in peace.  She has never touched alcohol but she has a general lack of motivation to do anything in life which I tolerated in return.  Getting her to understand my drinking was a problem and I needed her help was hard and even though we made a lot of progress I still think even today I could talk her into letting me drinking again pretty easily.....When I got sober pretty quickly I started wanting a better life for us.  I started taking my career more seriously I started taking our finances more seriously I started taking ME more seriously.  I have never felt more alone in my life.  She can rant for hours about random topics that interest her like hair makeup and youtube.  Any attempt to talk about our lives and whats next and bettering ourselves gets 2-3 word grunt responses before she delves into some device with a screen.  We may plans deals agreements and lists to do things like take better care of our health/weight home finances family relationships.  These can be intense blood oath level conversations and 24 hours later they may as well have not happened.  Me bringing this up makes me the bad guy.  This is nothing new.  We haven't been able to make any significant changes in years but now that I'm sober and see myself staring at 40 it suddenly means a lot more.  I'm trying but I don't see her trying at all.  I've wondered if maybe she has issues like ADHD but if its a topic she wants to be interested in she can focus or spend hours on.  She just doesn't want to be bothered "adulting".....I love my wife but I am becoming more and more unhappy in the relationship by the day.  This can't be the rest of my life.  I feel bad because I KNOW its me who has changed.  That doesn't change the fact though that I will not spend the rest of my life as an overgrown child.  Has anyone else lost a relationship because of how sobriety has changed them?....Thank you all.  No matter what IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I have watched my husband drink and drink for years which is one of the reasons it was so easy for me to keep going... it became almost a contest for me...  Anyhow it has only been 1 week for me however he is out of town on business and I am worried that when he comes back he will not respect that I am trying as well he will continue down this path of destruction.  SO although I am not where you are I can totally see it happening.  WE already have some lingering issues and for both of us the drinking is an escape.  Although he will not admit that.  Keep me posted please and feel free to vent it helps.  
I havent lost my wife but my sobriety has made me reevaluate our relationship. ..One of the things that I am trying to understand right now is that our sobriety doesnt just affect us it affects the ones we love too. You know on those intervention shows where they send the family to outpatient therapy? I am guessing its because even though these people know that addiction can kill and mess things up those close to us have come to love us even when we are in full blown addiction mode. They have adapted our lives to our addictions and changing that is hard. I never really understood this until I got serious about sobriety and was honest with my wife...I hate to admit this but its true. A lot of the time I drank because I felt like my wife didn't want me to do better and didnt want me to try and make her better. ..Right now I am convinced that if I went back to drinking my wife would not try to stop me. My last time I tried to get sober she didnt. I relapsed and she never said a thing about it. This time I told myself that I had to be selfish. I had to do it for ME. Anyway you know that already...My wife is really competitive was a college athlete and she has always been a go-getter in her career. In the last few years she has put on weight and I can tell it makes her really unhappy. She started work with a new company got a huge raise but hated the company culture and quit her job. She has not been working (which is fine- we talked about it we're making it work) and has been staying at home with our baby daughter. But she feels defeated right now that she is not working. ..My wife does not like to talk about things that are bothering her. She bottles it up and tries to fight through it on her own. ..I have had different approaches to this situation. One which is what I did for a long time is drink to forget be supportive and hope she will come around to fixing herself in her own time. This did not seem to work. ..Now I basically do the same thing except without drinking. I support her try to give her the tools she needs to get where she wants to be- but it doesnt seem to work...The idea I have on my mind is that I need to push her more. I am afraid if I do though she take it as an insult and she will lash out at me. I want her to be happy and healthy. I love her dearly and I want her around for a long time. But I NEED her to do something. I NEED her to try. Too often I feel like she's given up. She'll sit on the couch and get lost on her screen for hours. She takes care of the baby but is not always the best at spending time with our older kids. ..Anyway. I hear ya. its a sensitive subject. I dont foresee this as ending our relationship. I see it as hopefully strengthening it. I dont know how long it will take. 
I would say my drinking was definitely a factor in my divorce only insofar as all the "I can handle it/ I don't have a problem" mindset leaches out into ALL the areas of your life where problems DO exist...So after 15 years she left...A year and a half later I surrendered. ..I acknowledged that I had a problem that I was in denial and that I had harmed my family. Including my ex- wife...It's only been these three weeks; but she's made favorable comments...We'll see...In your situation if two people have a symbiotic dysfunctional relationship and one gets better then it may no longer work...Unequally yoked oxen cannot plow a straight furrow...Loving someone does not mean lying to them or yourself to preserve a fiction...Whatever you do acknowledge the truth first then go from there. Those you love deserve no less.
I got sober last February and my life took a drastic turn for the better. My Fiance and I were both self destructing a bit before that. My vice was drinking and his was smoking weed. Things were rocky for a long while. It didn't matter to me when we both weren't doing anything but when suddenly I was the only one doing all the cleaning and healthy cooking I got resentful. I would be impossibly annoyed with him over small things. I read the life changing magic of tidying up and he told me he was worried I was going to throw him out with all the old stuff. I finally broke down and told him how unhappy I was. That I wanted a better life for myself. That I desperately wanted him to be a part of that life but he needed to make an effort. It was up and down for a while after that but he got sober in August. Dealing with his withdrawls were hard an I felt a whole lot of sympathy for what he must have gone through with me. But over time things got better. We just got engaged and our relationship is at it's strongest. Sometimes it can work out.
We've been separated a couple of times before and even filed for divorce - when I was sober and raising the kids and he was not. Now I'm getting sober again and some of the old resentments are rearing their ugly heads. Plus the complete lack of respect and chaotic environment. I don't know what's going to happen. It was easy to ignore and shove under the carpet when I was drunk. Can't be pissy if I'm behaving just as bad. But I have a lot of anger. I don't think that going to a bar and paying for our friends to get drunk is an ideal night out for a wedding anniversary or birthday but he does. I want to go do stuff - a nice dinner out dinner with our kids a weekend at the hot springs or a B&amp;B. Meaningful connections not a drunken night that nobody remembers anyway.
Drinking was always a part of my relationship with my husband. We quit for several years together when we were first married then started drinking again within a year of each other. We both developed daily drinking habits again and my husband had a few public incidents; too much at parties etc. Last year after one of these he quit but I kept drinking. I felt distanced from him and it slowly started to dawn on me that I had been unhappy in the marriage for a long time for reasons not related to drinking reasons like yours OP. Feeling like I didn't have a real partnership where both parties were interested in moving our lives forward. Feeling an imbalance in the ways we approached our careers home maintenance friendships health. Then I realized that if I was still drinking that would never change. So I quit back in December and we are separating this week. It's amicable (still sad about it) but it feels necessary for both of us to make real changes in our own lives and see what that leaves for us as a couple ... or not a couple. Drinking let us both accept each other's worst self. And while unconditional acceptance sounds warm and loving it can also lead down a sad path. :(
