-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sjbhm/6_months_sober/

A year ago at this time I was being strangled by a deep alcohol fueled addiction.  My life was a mess; every night/day I was drunk.  I would wake up and drink fall alseep go to work etc. I would spend a good portion of my tips on alcohol/food/scratchers.  I was unhealthy and sick...I am amazed I held down my job even though I was hungover or even still drunk most shifts...I knew I had an issue for years.  I would have moments of sobriety.  A day a week a month.  But now it is 6 months.  I hardly think about alcohol.  I wake up not hungover but just normally tired.  Nothing some coffee won't fix!  ..I am amazed at how good life really is.  Everything is better.  For anyone reading this and still drinking its ok.  I did the same thing.  But just know that we are all the same and all know the struggles.  Alcoholics/Addicts are not bad people they just need a push in the right direction and some positive thinking. ..I drank because I felt trapped in my life it helped me escape.  I thought that being drunk would help me forget my problems.  In the end I realized that my problems were created by drinking.  Being sober is now the cool thing to do...
----------immediate responses--------

I am so happy for you     let's keep this sober ball rolling!  I will not be drinking with you today!
Outstanding!
Thanks for sharing! Insightful :)
And it just keeps getting better! Congrats on 6 months!!  
Congratulations! Good reminders for me. 
Congrats! IWNDWYT 
Congrats! Sounds like it feels amazing. I definitely agree and will be joining you in 5 days!
Congrats on 6 mos.! :) Way to go !
That's awe-inspiring ! Can I ask would you say that your cognition / problem solving / mood has substantially improved since say the 3 month mark or are you about the same as 3 months ago ? THANKS SO MUCH !! 
Its this type of story that keeps me pushing to stay sober long term. Thanks for sharing.
This is great well done!
Yay you! What a nice turn of events for your life.  Congrats.
Hey were four days off....way to go on your success. I totally agree with everything you said. Lets keep this good thing going!
 "I thought that being drunk would help me forget my problems. In the end I realized that my problems were created by drinking." Spot on!
Fantastic post.  Really resonates.   Congratulations!
Sounds like my story. I was a mess a year ago. I felt unhappy and stuck. I used alcohol to medicate. Almost 8 montbs sober and I feel fantastic. You still have stressful crappy days but it is soooo different handling it sober.
Thanks. Gives me so much hope.
Waking up without a hangover is the best thing ever...You probably felt trapped because of the booze not boozing because you felt trapped - but what do I know... ..6 months is outstanding and this post very inspiring.  THANKS &amp; good luck!!
Big congrats!
