-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sn9mn/relapsing_i_read_this_somewhere_not_my_original/

"The moment of relapse has to involve justification.   The alcoholic doesn't just accidentally drink alcohol one day &amp; call it a relapse. ..Instead the alcoholic makes a decision in order to justify the relapse first.  ..Before they lift that alcoholic beverage up to their lips they have decided that they deserve this drink"..I thought this was a very interesting observation and resonated with me.    ..How about you? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes indeed. Even in my drinking dreams I come up with a justification and I have to force down the first drink quickly to hurry up and shut that voice up that is telling me to NOT drink. There's always a very clear moment of decision. I think that most of the work I'm doing these days is to remind myself to listen to THAT voice and not the other one that attempts to justify drinking. Thanks for the reminder!
I can definitely relate to it. I would find any reason I could as an excuse (it usually has to do with work) and would feel justified. Until the next day that is. So I'm trying to find better ways to deal with stress anything that is healthy and not booze. IWDWYT.
My two resets were fully conscious decisions.  I didn't finally give in.  I knew what I was doing.  I think it's helpful to take responsibility for knowing what I'm doing no matter what it is.  I avoid this place in my head these days.  It's a much quieter voice than it used to be.  Thankfully.
When I fell off the wagon 2 years ago I thought about it for days if not weeks before I did it. I made excuses justified and finally did it. And that led me to here. An almost 2 year spiral. So I will not drink with you today!
This is from my AA based SoberTool app:..**Are you on the relapse ladder**..Relapse is at the top of a nine step ladder of thoughts feelings and behaviors. The lowest rung is called happy memories . "Happy memories" means that you are thinking about the good times you had while you were using. The next rung up is called "I wasn't that bad ." This occurs when you tell yourself you weren't really that bad that your addiction was someone else's fault that your problem was caused by anything except your disease. The next rung higher is stopping treatment. This means that you cease going to meetings you stop practicing the steps you don't have time to see your therapist you stop talking to your sponsor you don't do your daily meditation. When you stop treatment you pretend that you can stay sober by doing nothing. The fourth rung is called high risk situations . Examples are you return to the bar that you used to frequent you begin hanging out with your old using friends you spend long periods of time isolating in the basement where you used to drink vodka. You put yourself in these situations not thinking that you will use there but just to experience the feeling of being there again. The fifth rung is called emotional imbalance . During emotional imbalance something causes you to get really angry irritated or otherwise emotional and you remember how your drug drink or behavior took away the pain of the emotion. You may even get really happy and you remember how you always drank to celebrate. Now you are really getting higher on the ladder and like any ladder the higher you go the more dangerous the climb. Also the higher you go the more committed you are to reaching the top. The sixth rung is fantasizing. Now you are spending increasing periods of your day thinking about using for no apparent reason. Fantasizing leads to the seventh rung getting ready to use . This means you intend to use and you plan how you are going to relapse. You tell yourself that tonight when my husband is asleep I am going to sneak out to the Bar. You make arrangements to buy drugs. You return to the internet porn site. You get dressed to go to the casino. You think through the exact steps of where you are going to go to get your drugs drink or act out. On the next rung you actually get the drugs or order the drink. You acquire the tools of relapse. On this rung you may feel a terrible panic and unless you reach out to someone (which is now incredibly difficult to do because you are so committed to reaching the top) you step up to the final and ninth rung which is Relapse . As you know the Relapse rung has a crack in it and cannot bear your weight. So you come crashing down. Sometimes the crash happens immediately. Sometimes the crack worsens over time. But since there is a crack you will fall. If you survive the fall you will feel guilt at having relapsed. You will resolve to stop using. And unless you get treatment you will start the terrible climb back up the relapse ladder beginning with the first rung which is.....TODO.If you are on the Relapse Ladder you need to get off on the lowest rung possible BY TELLING ON YOUR DISEASE! Remember there are two parties involved in a relapse. There is you and there is your disease. If you tell someone that you may be on the Relapse Ladder you are telling on your disease not you. So ask yourself if you are on any of the nine rungs. If so say to yourself "I must get off the ladder now" five times to yourself with increasing emphasis. Then pick up the phone and tell your trusted friend confidant therapist or mentor which rung of the ladder you are on and that you want to get off. (Leaving a voicemail message also works). If you can't connect with someone read your recovery literature pray to your Higher Power write down which rung you are on and list the consequences which made you want to get sober in the first place. Do something recovery oriented and don't substitute your drug of choice with another drug or bad behavior lest you start a new addiction. Then try to connect with a supportive person as soon as possible. This process works regardless of your philosophical or religious beliefs. Remember sharing with another doesn't mean that you only reach out when you have a recognizable craving or urge to use. Sharing means that you reach out and discuss where you may be on the Relapse Ladder.
Absolutely it is this or just plain giving up.  But I guess "This is too hard" or the apathetic "I don't care anymore" can be interpreted as some form of justification. At any rate it is a very conscience decision usually slowly made over a period of time before the actual drinking occurs.
Yep drinking or not drinking is all about a bunch of little tiny decisions.   That first decision to entertain the idea of drinking leads to another decision to swing by the liquor store which leads to another decision to crack open the bottle which leads to another decision to drink.  ..It's Booze Logic and it's mission is to get you back on the bottle.  I had to talk to the Booze Logic like it was a thing and tell it to get lost a million times. Sounds stupid I know but I had to do what the hell ever to finally quit drinking after too many decades...Don't get hung up on language (relapse) or beat yourself up get over it - pick yourself up and keep making the decision not to drink or to entertain the idea of drinking if that's what you want to do.   It's simple but it's not easy. ..Good luck!!
Damn you just reminded me.... I gotta reset......Not sure how I'll look it up later.
I belive when you've become an alcoholic without prior knowledge you were one then you have a right to say you are suffering a disease of addiction. ..However when you break free of that addiction and can see it for what it is; then the relapse back into the disease is one of choice ultimately. 
Sometimes this is me but just as often I intentionally turn my mind blank and just pick up the drink. I know consciously that drinking has no real justification and instead of going round and round in my head with all the insanity I'll just turn my brain completely off. This can help me to not drink too but it works both ways. 
I don't know. My relapse at least for me was a much later step in a longer desire to just die. Certainly the thought came before the drink but  justification  has a strong connotation of will choice etc.  Certainly there was a choice but the nature of my alcoholism is insidious during what I now know was a 3 year period of sober depression the relapse occurred by small degrees one stacked upon another.  Untended my relapse became an inevitability practically...Don't get me wrong I see the value in putting the aspect of choice and justification/rationalization front and center in the effort to keep the reality of the drinking front and center but it is not always so simple...
I totally agree. I have done it more times than I can remember.   I earned it I'll just have 1 to make the hurt go away and so on. It's a fight every day but being sober feels so much better than the following hangover! IWNDRWYT.
I think my relapse was defiantly one of choice.After 10 years of sobriety I was of 2 minds.Sometimes I thought I never will drink again then other times I thought I'd  drink on special occasions.I chose to drink.The thing was I always thought I    .  " had  a problem controlling my drinking ".WHICH sounds like something that can be fixed or controlled.Now I know different.I am an alcoholic.I  can not drink.Not one! I will never drink again because I know my life will continue the downward spiral it was on.
Very interesting about turning your brain off or turning into a zombie. ..Drinking gives me instant gratification &amp; I get to sit outside myself.  ..I think we are all making the same point.   We are no longer in charge of our actions.  
