-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sqn6v/7_months_down_question_does_memory_and_fogginess/

Hi everyone! I've traveled a long way to get to this point. I checked myself into rehab back in June and have stayed sober ever since. My life has gotten a lot better and improved in countless ways. I feel like a new better man. ..The only thing I'm struggling with is mental fogginess. It still hasn't quite gone away. I find it difficult to focus and still get confused from time to time. I'll be watching a show with my fiance and not remember the events of the previous episode and get confused about what's going on. I feel reluctant to ask because I don't want to trigger bad memories from when I was drinking and didn't remember evenings we spent together. ..I know time is the only thing that will really tell but I wanted to know about the experiences of those of you who have a longer sober period to see if things are going to improve or if I'm always going to be a shade of my former self.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like my fogginess cleared up before 7 months. A check in with the doctor might be prudent. Drinking may have covered up an issue like ADHD or the like(I have a friend who was recently diagnosed in her 30's). I'm sure they could also advise you on supplements and whatnot that might be helpful in the event it is just general unexplainable fogginess. Congratulations on 7 months! That is such a huge and beautiful accomplishment! All the best to you!
Still having those same issues. ..Im terrible with remembering what happened on tv... Or i wont even know what's happening that moment. Because im not actually watching it and I am always distracted with a million thoughts not one of them complete...Just the way I am... 
Took me maybe 6 months until I noticed a difference like my thought-process got quicker. Have you done a healt check? I'm thinking vitamin B12 and D is of importance here. 
I have significantly increased my fruit and vegetable intake and that is helping me a lot. I am eating maybe 8-12 servings a day. It's a lot of work but it's really helpful. 
[removed]
