-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7svaze/my_relationship_with_alcohol_past_present_but/

I have been telling myself for years you quit smoking (10 years ago) you quit recreational drugs (20 years ago) I know that I need to sort the alcohol out next. But it never really happened. ..PAST.My past relationship with alcohol has been unhealthy. I remember aged 12  or 13 pouring small measures of whiskey ginger wine vodka and sherry from my parents booze cabinet into a glass and drinking it. I was drunk aged 12 ..... shocking really but I was a very unhappy boy there were reasons for it I have worked through them honestly and am fully aware of what affect/effect they have had on me over the years and how alcohol numbed my pain...I drank through my youth into adulthood and developed a very unhealthy relationship with booze. I drank to get smashed binge drinking as a student when I went travelling and then when I went out with colleagues later In life. I have always been the one most drunk the one least able to handle it never knowing when to stop passing out blacking out and generally getting myself into some scrapes over the years. Every girl I shouldn't have slept with every fight I shouldn't have had every stupid thing I ever did all from alcohol I have known this for years but I continued...The thing I hate the most is not the wasted time the wasted money the hangovers its the shame the embarrassment the utter self loathing that comes with the blackouts. Its the waking up in bed and not knowing whether my wife is angry with me for my drinking my behaviour and having to pluck up the courage to ask her what did I do last night? And not liking the answer that came back wishing the ground would open up and swallow me alive....... I did what? Then the resolutions telling myself I wont do it again next time I will count the drinks have a soft drink then a beer a soft drink then a beer it never worked I ended up smashed. Every 1st January for the past five years "Right this year I am going to seriously reduce my alcohol intake" As the years went on I never did and the blackouts happened frequently mostly when I drink socially with others buying rounds I would end up in a total state I am so ashamed of my behaviour I don't ever want that feeling again. I have always been relatively high functioning I have a good job a good relationship from the outside who would ever know? ..PRESENT.I have managed over the past year to reduce my intake I would in the past drink heavily at home but in recent past I might just have a couple glasses of wine or a couple of beers. But there was always this tension this struggle with myself because I actually wanted more I wanted to drink until I fell over and occasionally I would. There have been about 4 or 5 occasions over this past year where this has happened and I have felt ashamed publically due to my being plastered in public literally falling over like a ??????? alcoholic?..I have been doing dry January and reading his sub daily. I feel really good I like the clarity the being able to know I will not be waking up with a hangover with any shame or regrets. I feel in control of my life more than I have ever done. But..FUTURE.I know what would be the best thing I could do is. STOP for good QUIT for good admit that I can't control the drinking.... sometimes I can but eventually it will get me eventually I will wake up and that sinking feeling will wash over me and I will feel hopeless and totally ashamed and resolve to never do it again the classic shame addiction cycle. But I like those first few drinks the warm feeling the body relaxing the brain slowing down my racing mind just feeling rested. How do I renegotiate my life without alcohol how do I live without alcohol. I mean fuck I plan my drinks in the morning or days in advance what I am going to buy how many I am going to have. Then I get to the supermarket and I stand looking at the booze its packaged so well and looks so inviting and I just don't know what to drink what I want I actually don't want any of it I hate it but I love it at the same time no I fucking hate it. ..I need some encouragement here what's my future? Or is it just moment by moment day by day? I haven't touched booze since 25 days ago haven't been drunk since xmas day. I have so many reasons to be sober I have a wonderful family 3 amazing children and a beautiful wife a good job a nice house. I am not rolling in my own vomit every morning or pissing the bed (although I have done that in my 20's) I am a high functioning drinker no one knows how I feel. Because I have always been friends with people with similar drinking habits as me it doesn't stand out I mean its so ingrained in our culture its the non drinkers who are the wierdos which is a bit of a strange logic but its true I mean who doesn't drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  I don't drink.  Courage to you on your journey ahead.
Early on I didn't think about long term plans or how I would redesign my life or reprogram my brain.  I decided each morning I would just skip drinking that one day.  It sounds so simplistic.  I laughed at that for years.  I made plans so many people here have made:. Only weekends only 3 glasses a night only if I'm eating low carb blah blah...I never went to AA but I had (have) a thoughtful therapist who steered me towards thinking about what I wanted my daily life to look like and the first step was avoiding the confusion and uncertainty drinking caused.  I never quit drinking forever.  I still haven't.  Maybe I will drink again someday.  But I won't today and that relieves me of the pressure to think about today.  I can focus on health doing things I want to do having no regrets from blackouts or misbehavior and knowing that tomorrow I will wake up and make a clear headed decision about drinking on that day too.  So far i always make the same decision.  ..I just learned that my intention not to drink in the next 24 hours was something I could focus on.  Thinking about quitting forever or how I'll handle my buddy's annual big drinkathon in October is way too much stress for TODAY.  
I'm not sure what to tell you about your future first of all it's very possible that you've been drinking for more time than I've been in this world so you surely have more experience with this posion than I do...But we also have a lot in common I started drinking at a very young age and now reaching my mid 20's I realize I didn't have the chance to figure out who I want to be what I want to do because while most of my colleague thinked about that when I was in High School I spent all of my time partying and thinking this is the way I want to live forever. Oh god was I wrong...I also drank the most and drank the worst I always blacked out before anyone else and hurt myself and other people plenty of times. I have huge regrets but I prefer to call them harsh lessons. ..When I read what you are saying about being a drinker but still being successful at work and with your family I realized that it wasn't you that was alcohol talking. .Alcohol always wants to make you think you are getting away with everything although it sometimes also punishes you with some anxiety. You always go through a self loathing phase and after a drink or two you feel in control again...That's the huge difference between successful drinkers and alcoholics successful drinkers feel out of control after a few drinks and alcoholics feel like they gained control. ..I'm not sure how much of an influence your friends have over your drinking but in my case it was big. I had to cut off many of my friends that were also drinking buddies because they didn't support actually didn't respect my decision to stop drinking at all. And I think one of the main reasons they had deep down was that my sobriety might make them feel threatened to realize they might have a problem too. .I know it's not a race but getting your shit together and not drinking actually makes you realize how much time you waste drinking. A night out drinking lasts 4-6 hours it ruins your sleep and then you spend at least another 12 hours feeling like shit that's almost a day wasted for every night out. It's impossible that you won't outpace them because they waste probably two months a year being hungover..No I'm not running marathons nor being a philanthropist  but I'm starting to gain real control over my things and actually realizing that being so awake is so awesome. Alcohol affected my family badly as a son my friends as a friend and my career because I was a mess for so long there's no way it you can actually be successful with your job and family it's just alcohol talking you into thinking that and you could actually be much better!..Stay strong!.
Just take one day at a time 
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked that I "disliked" AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober...I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
good way to look at we can only change present which in turn changes future
