-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sxj88/just_posted_in_rdrunk_a_few_days_ago_and_now_im/

My plan right now is to stop drinking. Hopefully I can learn self control and just drink in moderation like most people but we'll see...Anyway Saturday night I posted in r/drunk twice. First was about how pretty and good I was feeling...second was about how I fell flat on my face and busted my nose. My poor friend who deals with me all the time when I'm drunk had to take me home and wipe the blood off of my face while she explained to my dad what happened...Apparently even though I was warned in advance I sat in a chair that was broken. I leaned forward on the arm rest and it snapped and I fell to my doom. I have since learned that I got a concussion out of this incident and I  am now confined to my bed. ..The one good thing to come of this is the wake up call I got the next morning when I looked in the mirror. I'm a wreck right now. I am out of control. I'm only 22 and I'm drinking like a monster. I drink alone all the time I usually start around d noon. I drink in the shower I drink hiding behind my bed so I don't get caught. It's awful...However the good news is I've made it since Saturday without a single drink! The longest it's been in about a year and a half. My biggest struggle will be next week when my parents go out of town. I'll be able to drink as much as I want and that's not a good thing but my friends are on my side and I know they'll support me in my efforts to stay sober!..Thanks for listening to my rant. I'm concussed so I'm bored and confused right now. Sorry if it made no sense!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you're here and I'm glad you're okay. Perhaps some motivation to help you get through the week alone is that without exception doctors who treat brain injuries (including concussion) plead with their patients to abstain from alcohol so that the brain can heal properly. Those with major trauma are asked to stay away from alcohol for 2-5 *years*. ..Huge congrats on staying away from it since Saturday. That is fantastic. 
Welcome Twinkie. Glad you have your understanding friends while your parents are out of town.  I spent times like that looking through all the old posts and online help.  Kept me in a good place...I will not drink with y'all today 
Get professional help. My psychiatrist told me my brain was using it as an anxyolitic and that in fact i probably didn't like alcohol at all (one drink would be more than enough as with chocolate). Taming the brain with your mind is a battle get external support it is much easier then. Your brain is interfering and it is extremely powerrful no thinking it through will stop it it is not under your control. i know it's your brain after all no? Wrong it's a powerful machine!
