-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sxvou/my_story/

Hi all. So I post on here quite a bit but I haven't really told my story in full. I've been struggling a lot lately with cravings brain battles about whether I'm  really  an alcoholic etc so I thought it might be helpful to write out my story so I can remember why I stopped drinking. If it helps someone else too then even better. Here goes...I'm a 27-year-old travel writer from NY. When I graduated college I moved to South Korea with my boyfriend at the time to teach English. He got a Fulbright fellowship to teach English in Malaysia the following year and I moved there with him. I didn't know a single person other than him and we lived in a very small community without other English speakers. I tried making friends with other people in his program who lived nearby but they were a bit snobbish and not interested. I think it was sort of a case of  Why is she here  type thing. (This is when I started working as a freelance writer so I could work from anywhere.)..While I got to travel around SE Asia a ton it was overall a monumentally isolating experience. I spent so much time alone and it started to really take a toll on my mental health. I looked for any excuse I could to drink and check out for awhile. I remember getting drunk by myself during the day on my 24th birthday while my boyfriend was at work and all my friends and family were asleep at home. It was a true low point for me...Even after we moved back to NY this same pattern continued. We moved into the basement apt of his parents' house to save money and I still worked from home. It wasn't quite as bad as Malaysia but I still felt isolated (and had developed a mild case of agoraphobia from it.) I'd work during the day go to the gym then stop and buy a bottle of wine/six pack on the way home. I expressed occasional concerns to my boyfriend and tried half-heartedly to quit or cut back a few times but nothing stuck. He worked in the evenings so mostly I got drunk alone...Fast forward to last March. I was tired of where I was living tired of my relationship tired of everything. Deeply unhappy and unsatisfied on all levels. I broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years and bought a one-way ticket to Cambodia where I spent a few months. Although it was overall a positive move my drinking continued to worsen. I was alone a lot and took every opportunity to drink as much and as often as possible. Last year was deeply transformative in so many ways and I feel like I needed to get worse before I could get better...It wasn't until last month that I got really serious about quitting. I've been dating someone new for a few months and opened up to him about my struggles. He's been very supportive as have my brother and my friends. I don't feel too much different than I did six weeks ago but I know it's early on and I have to keep putting in the work to see results. My brain keeps trying to trick me into thinking drinking too much was a phase but realistically I know that something that goes on over the course of 3-4 years can't really be called  just a phase. ..Anyway thanks for reading my novel. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. I've moved a lot in the last decade (my wife is in the military) so I know how isolating that can be and it certainly contributed to my drinking alone. .Congratulations on the self-awareness I was just getting my heavy drinking started at your age...I will not drink with you today!
You're weeks ahead of me.  Keep swingin'.
I think it was my time living in South Korea that exacerbated my drinking problem. Back home I never really got out of control. The expat community there drank and drank and drank and so did I to meet friends. I had a great time living in Asia but the drinking culture there is out of hand - I brought it back home with me and spent the last 6/7 years falling into the habit of drinking like I was in Seoul.
Living alone abroad exacerbated my drinking problem so badly. Glad your story is taking a positive turn. Congrats :)
[removed]
