-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7sz7cz/unemployed_stir_crazy_and_craving/

Quit my job as of Jan. 1st (bartender).  So I'm unemployed bored and going nuts sitting in my house.  No drivers license so I spend my days alternating between watching tv looking for jobs browsing Reddit and playing video games until my daughter(my lone bright light) gets home from school.  I have no social life very little adult interaction. Today like many days I've been tempted to go get a bottle. Even going as far as starting to walk to the drug store before I turn around. And today like many days I made a pot of coffee instead. I'm lost lonely and mostly sad.  Struggling. But I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered maybe going out and trying new things instead? Idle hands are the devil's play things or whatever they say lol I noticed that I became destructive and felt more of an inclination to drink if I wasn't trying new things or being challenged. ..Something to consider! Part of the sober journey is to rediscover what it is makes you tick and gives you REAL joy and not the artificial joy that alcohol provides. You might be pleasantly surprised to find new things you may be interested in. :) I was. 
Can you join a gym? There are usually good deals this time of year. It's a good way to get out of the house and see other people. Good luck!.I will not drink with you today  
I hear you on this. I'm a carpenter in a cold climate so work is slow right now. I wake at 5am everyday sometimes it drags. I've cleaned every room in the house did a deep cleaning and remodel on the basement fixed almost everything that needs it... now?.. I volunteer every day I'm on the phone quite a bit. This is the first time I've ever been unemployed for a stretch of time without drinking. I don't miss the booze and have no cravings.. just getting restless and antsy... C'mon spring
You are not alone my friend. Haven't worked for about a month. I apply here and there but not too much luck on anything substantial...Hang in there. I'm not drinking today either.
Bless you being unemployed is NOT fun by any means.  To add insult to injury you have lots of free time yet limited money / resources.  ..Have you considered buying a 2nd hand bicycle (or something of the like)?  It's free to ride it (no gasoline) gets you out of the house and doing something athletic has a way of lifting the soul if at least just once a day.  Something to look forward to...I seriously feel for you.  When I was working my drinking was steady and often too much.  When I was unemployed &amp; free all day- that was when the creature really emerged.  I saw no one never cleaned only drank.  Problem was when I started working again; the level of my habit did not stop nor tire. I could not stop.  ..Be extra careful during these times yet please have some faith that you WILL find work.  If anything just wake up and dedicate 20 mins to just cleaning your room.  It's an emotional respect that tells yourself that you want + deserve a better way if even just in your house...  ..... Then make the coffee which was a great choice for today! I congratulate you for that because many people in your position could have just taken the easy exit out.  By simply having coffee you proved that there is hope within you - and the truth that you will change -slowly trucking through today's sh*t towards a better tomorrow.  I will not drink with you today! 
Keep your head up. I'm sorry things are rough for you now. But I will join you in not drinking today   
Long walks whilst listening to podcasts helps me...I have an app on my phone that records steps distance walked and speed which makes it more interesting  :)
