-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t0mcw/struggling/

It's one of those days where I just feel like crying (and I am) and don't know why. I made it to 20 days and drank (just a few) and it's been dragging me down ever since. I'm having a hard time forgiving myself when I know this is when I should be the kindest to myself. ..But I know this is bigger than the few drinks I had this weekend. This is the core of me coming to the surface after being numbed by drink for so long. I feel lost and sad when I have everything I could want going for me. ..To stay sober I'm going to meetings as often as possible reading and posting here journaling in the morning working out daily trying to eat healthy and trying to meditate each morning. All good things and yet still an emptiness. Who else knows the feeling? Any advice on what to do when these feelings come up and you don't even want to turn to booze? ..IWNDWYT and thanks for being here &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Can crying be good? opening the taps on a blocked pipe. Scary I think but better than numb . Let's not drink today
It looks like you're pretty early on in the process which is really difficult! Keep in mind that better days lie ahead. That's what I did- just told myself I have sobriety every day. Nobody and nothing could take it away...Keep it simple at first is what I'd do. Don't expect to get better quickly. It'll come. Let it.
First off I'm sorry for that empty feeling and for the tears.  You know when you stop drinking there are things that have been pushed down for a long time and now your brain might be saying let's handle this the right way let's go through the feelings and not squash them down.  You're doing so many good things!  Some days suck though.  I believe wholeheartedly that you should forgive yourself and practice saying it:  I forgive myself.  Life is too short to be mired down this way.  If it helps my day sucked the life out of me even though I did some really good things.  I feel terrible tonight but what can I do?  Just be here for me and others.  Lay my head down with compassion and not drink with you.
Let's see. You had 20 days drank 3 drinks four days ago and haven't since.  That's 3 drinks in 24 days or 0.125 drinks a day over the past 24 days.  I'm assuming you were drinking quite a bit more than that before you decided to quit?   So first I think you should forgive yourself for slipping up.  ..And second yes a lot of us know those feelings.   For me drinking turned out to be a symptom not the cause of my issues.  You're having to face feeling that you have been numbing for a long time.   It takes time and work to begin to process these feelings.   I got a lot out of speaking with a counselor as well as going to AA meetings.  Neither of these things are necessary for sobriety but they were helpful to me. ..Stop beating yourself up.   You can do this. 
I cried vented dreamt about drinking... normal. Keep your good work!
