-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t4exk/up_is_down_and_down_is_up_on_gratitude_in_dark/

TL;DR: When things are bad do something good. It might not change the world but it might just change your perspective...I had the blues coming quite strongly this week building up day by day. I ve worked with poor people for a few years now I see signs and know my way around them and still I m seriously worried about our situation. I m not the guy to panic but well. We re totally out of money and for the next six months both our jobs our house and our car all have red lights above them...Also it seems like I ve reached the peak of my restitution and it s just... fine. I can t complain. People are worse off than me. Still. 18 months ago I was at the peak of my career doing great. Then I had a breakdown lost everything and I don t know if I ll ever work full time again...I was struggling bad yesterday and today. I still am. To paraphrase the carrot; nobody has a craving like me. Nobody. Tremendous craving. Tremendous. BUT in stead of drinking I sat down here. This place is my safe zone. And you guys ...oh brothers and sisters. I love you so much. And yes that includes you who are reading this right now rookie or oldie. I haven t had the energy to write much lately but I read and suck up the love that is here. It helps. I m not drinking. I can just imagine how much worse this would be if I did. Still you know that s what I "want". And the fact that you know helps...I also got up and got out. Got some air and well overcast winter sun. I breathed. Inhale grace exhale gratitude. There s coffee and tea in the drawer. There s a pantry stocked in better times. There are beautiful rascals and a loving wife...And finally my mother just called. I never ask my parents for money; they re both minimum wage retirees. I haven t given any specifics just mentioned that we re pretty tight but that it will work out in the end. Without asking she just wired me enough to cover the red hot bills. We re safe and next month will be better...Strange isn t it. We drink to forget problems and they pile up. We stop and feel bad to feel better. We fight alone when the community makes us strong...Oh well better stop writing the Onion Cutters Guild are having their annual convention here now.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Inhale grace exhale gratitude..^I like that :)..It's incredible what happens when you put your best out there.  The world is a wonderful and surprising place...Sending you hugs and wishes for continued peace &lt;3
Attitude of Gratitude...Thanks for the inspiration today SaintHomer...Sending positive vibes!
Sounds like you have a lot of lovely people around you...IWNDWYT 
Thanks for putting this down St H. Good stuff for me to read today...[Relevant](https://youtu.be/-pVT_mvvZLo)
Sending you good juju Homer. My organization also works with poor folks and between the challenges of helping them get resources and compassion fatigue it can be a lot. I find that there is a direct correlation between my self-care and my ability to respond well in my work.  Blessings to you. 
Big MOJO coming you way just hang tight things will work out... Life can show us amazing trouble but the strong get through are better coming out the other side...
Jeez they could rename this sub to the Onion Cutter's Guild today.  I'm a hot mess.  Beautiful writing as always.  So thankful for your mother's generous spirit.  Hope tomorrow dawns bright for you.
Bear hug StHomer   
Hang in there Homer ... glad to hear the universe / love provided. {{{hugs}}}
