-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t4xwv/pay_no_attention_to_that_man_behind_the_curtain/

In a Nutshell someone wise once said...No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch. Can I get an Amen...A great big Southern Howdy to y'all!  I am an alcoholic:.Because of my genetics..Because of my upbringing..Because of my addictive personality..Because I succumbed to the will of Zombie..Because I was able to get away with it in isolation..Because I lost sight of my 11-year sobriety work..Because Life took precedence over me and my sobriety..Because I'm Human..Because I'm Me...I am embarrassed of allowing myself to get to a place of relapse (now 55 years old mommy to 3 kids 13 16 and 21). I became a Dry Drunk slowly around 9years sobriety. Forgot that sobriety is a gift; I gradually stopped doing what had kept me sober. ..While in major life crisis in 2016 went from 1 drink of  I got this' to I NEED this to a fifth of vodka a day at the end - depressingly fast...I was what I like to call a Managed Alcoholic (not functional alcoholic by any means; managed as in coping muddling through surviving by hair on chinny chin chin). Stayed sober while kids were home from school. Drank all night long with last drink allowing me to sober up and get them off to school. Gulped down vodka immediately after waving them goodbye.  Sober in time for 3:30 pm bus. Ad nauseam. Exhausting. 50/50 joint physical custody allowed for lots of free Me Time with my Besties: Zombie and vodka on my week/weekends off.  It is a wonder that I have never encountered any legal repercussions (yet right?!)...Decided to make New Year the starting point (after months of hollow stopping/starting again). My birthday is January 1st as well...thought it a good symbolic day. This year's motto:   55 and RE-alive ..Took everything I had to walk back to AA after 4 years away. Longer in tooth greyer in hair thicker in belly.  Welcomed back unconditionally.  ..Thank you for all the posts that I read here at SD! Spent LITERALLY WEEKS reading all of the pearls of wisdom and support here and have posted to others then ghosted lol. SD coupled with AA will get me back to where I need to be. I have pulled back that d@mn curtain and exposed Zombie for who it really is. He needs to go back to Oz lol...I will not drink with y'all today!!!!.
----------immediate responses--------

AMEN - truer words were never written! Thanks for a very inspirational and honest post. I will not drink with you today.
Good for you!   I will not drink with you today!  :)  
I appreciate how people from every part of this journey support each other.  Thanks for the post.
I did 10 years sobriety  and did the same slide myself.We can't beat our selves up over itit's pointless to do so.Upwards and onwards.I will only use the past as a reminder of where 1 drink will take me.My sober life is real and full.My drinking  alcoholics life is a lie and faded. I will not drink with you today.
Welcome back - it takes courage to get back on the horse but I feel like it is worth it for the ride...IWNDWYT
