-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t55uv/alone_and_fear_of_missing_out/

This is a long post and it will probably just be rambling but I'm struggling a bit today. Just over 4 years ago I got divorced. My drinking really ramped up after that. 50% of the time I didn't have my child and the other 50% I couldn't stand the thought of being home alone. Ruminating about my failure to maintain my marriage...Rather than go home after work and face the daunting prospect of my own company and thoughts I started popping in a bar. I made friends. Drinking friends. I still had my main social circle that I would make plans with but I would pre and post game at my bar. ..Just about two years ago I met my recent ex. We were both emotionally unavailable although I didn't realize I was at the time I thought I just didn't want a relationship. He was an Indian man who had to have an arranged marriage at some point in the future. It was perfect until it wasn't and we fell in love. However the prospect of a future as impossible and at any minute his parents could call with the 'perfect' match. The anxiety of that increased my intake just to cope. And then in October it happened they found a girl. I was devastated and several times thought of ending it all. It would just be easier to feel nothing. Cue more drinking. I reached out to my employer's EAP hotline and they referred me to a counselor. I've know for years what I didn't want to admit but in one session with her she held the mirror to my face and told me that I had a substance abuse problem and I should seriously consider going to meetings. It was almost a relief to have it confirmed. So I put a plan in place. Obviously I couldn't stop drinking before my big international travel plan in November nor during the holidays so January 2nd was to be my dry date. And I went to town. The holidays are a boozy emotional blur that I mostly don't remember details of. January 1st I got my last two bottles of wine to say goodbye to my friends blacked out drunk fell on my chin cut it open and came to in the bathroom cleaning myself and the blood up. The 2nd was a no brainer withdrawals etc. I don't miss drinking I knew it was time and that honestly was the best way to go out on a really terrible note...I've been doing well with cravings and coping mechanisms but this weekend my ex will officially announce his engagement I was told this by a mutual contact. I tried to fill my weekend up with friends as I don't have my child. I am a true extrovert I really hate being alone but tonight I will be. My friends all had plans. The rest of the weekend I'm good but tonight I have to be with myself. Is this what single people do on a Friday night? Do they sit at home and wonder what everyone else is up to? I don't know? Usually I would go to the bar and then go home and keep drinking and wouldn't care...I'm just sad and I don't want to drink I'm not jonesing or even tempted by it I just don't know how to be alone without it. It's been my constant companion for at least the last 4 years if not the better part of 10. ..Starting over at 40 without my crutch. It's scary and I'm afraid of ending up alone. I know I'm better off without alcohol. I was never going to be the best person I could be while drinking meaning I was never going to attract the best person I could but I look at my other single friends trying to date and navigate this crazy world. How do you learn to be okay with yourself instead of feeling by yourself?  ..I realize this is a rambling post. Sorry and thank you SD for existing. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I USED to love being around others but a few years ago that changed.  I now love being alone.  (HOWEVER I do have 2 children 14 &amp; 10) I read SLEEP write...  watch / binge watch TV / Netflix... .How about trying a meeting?  (I personally have not gone) .Sorry about your ex and his current situation.  That totally stinks.  For what it is worth IWNDWYT.  
Don't be sorry you are venting and it is healthy and welcome here. Some times the struggle doesn't feel worth it but hten I remeber the hangovers and it disappears. A warm hug from Spain you are not alone and doing a great job! IWNDWYT
Keep posting!
I hear you on the pain of divorce.  It definitely increased my propensity to drink.  ..I have been trying to be extra kind to myself.  I take baths sometimes refilling the tub with hot water.  I buy fancy tonic waters to sip.  I eat whatever I crave because half of my calories used to be poisonous liquid sugar so whatever I'm eating can't be as bad for me...I'll focus on healthy eating next month.  I treated myself to a massage a few days back - because I've not spent hundreds of dollars drinking.   I read; just finished This Naked Mind and just starting Carr's Easyway.  I am watching a television series and am able to remember what happened last episode...Basically I'm taking it easy right now because I work on my feet all day and because I am busy starving a part of myself to death so it doesn't kill all of me.  Its tough work even if it doesn't look it from the outside.  Heartbreak only compounds the challenges.  Take care of yourself!  I will not drink with you today.
