-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t93w4/not_sure_how_this_works/

I've been struggling with alcohol for a few months now. Going through a crappy divorce not sure how I feel about the new long-term gf and the constant stress of finances due to the divorce is making things hard. I just get the feeling to drink and slip away all the time. ..My family has a massive dependency history so I'm very aware of my risk. Not sure I'm an alcoholic yet but I find myself worrying more and more. ..What are the signs I should look for so I know just how bad it is?  I haven't gotten in trouble or done anything stupid yet while drunk but I'm definitely worried. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you're asking you probably have a problem. That's pretty much the easiest way to figure it out...I was a 2 glass of wine a night drinker (sometimes 3). I'm still an alcoholic even though it wasn't "a lot" because I needed it to function. I'd say if you're asking you know the answer...Good luck!
I'm quitting again be because I was worried very worried. I have never had a DUI or lost a job or any of that. However lots of strange were going on with my skin and my kidneys were hurting. I do not want liver disease or cancer. Nor do I want to get a DUI lose my job or my relationship. My anxiety and depression was getting worse. My sleep was horrible. I was tired and cranky on weekends when I wanted to enjoy the sunshine and be active. I was becoming isolated and losing touch with my parents who will not be around forever. In general felt like the other shoe was going to drop like really soon. Finally  realized that I can not drink just one. It's not in me. Nor can I set aside sober days. And this has been me for like my entire adult life. Basically drinking was something that I knew I could not control. It was causing problems. I do not moderate it. So must kick it. One day at a time and using resources here and picked up from books in the sidebar and meditating with Headspace app. ..I guess I would ask myself if you feel that alcohol has some power over you that you are not comfortable giving. Are you happy with your relationship with it? Is it causing problems? Does it cause shame or fear? Maybe start with 30 days. Of course one day at a time. ..Keep coming here and pondering or continuing to share. We are here for you. That's how we do. 
24hrs at a time. Simple as that I do it every day I have a few 24hrs stacked up you can do it to start today wake up sober tomorrow. I know for me I need simple life sober is a good life...Don't count day's make day's count!
I find that if you are writing on this sub it's time to take it serious. Maybe do a 30'day challenge and see how you feel. 
People that don't have a drinking problem don't wonder if they have a drinking problem. Alcoholism is genetic. Our brains aren't wired like the other 93% of humanity. We do not have an "off" switch. The best way to "control" it is to avoid it at all costs. Alcoholism is a deadly progressive disease.    .I was really "good" at drinking. I drank with impunity into my late 30s. It wasn't until it started effecting my health did I realize I needed to quit...but by that time I was thoroughly addicted.    .Try quitting for a month. Can you do it? How hard is it? How do you feel after you don't drink for an extended period. Give it a try...you may answer your own questions.
