-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7t9yf4/its_so_hard_to_admit_this_but_i_am_really/

I normally don't post on here or say much but this sub has helped me to stay sober since May 15th 2017. Lately everything keeps piling on top of me. Last week my dog died. She was 16. It happens. Then my cat started to have health problems. She almost died but she's getting better...Then out of nowhere I found out my brother has cancer. No definite prognosis as of yet. Everything feels so up in the air. He's taking the news better than I am. I feel so helpless and all I want is a fucking drink. I hate the taste of booze now but I just want to be put out of my mind if only for a little while. ..I'm trying to keep in mind that I need all my faculties at my disposal to operate at a high enough level to become an Attorney which is why I stopped drinking in the first place. I want it with every fiber of my being well almost every fiber. ..I'm doing my best. It's just hard sometimes.
----------immediate responses--------

It certainly is hard sometimes. Thanks for posting. That's a lot of loss and illness to be around in a short period of time. I hope you find some relief soon.
For me at least I find it helpful to just admit that sometimes it's hard. It's hard because it's hard. It's not easier if I drink. That just makes it harder. 
Very hard. Just get through tonight okay? Focus on tomorrow tomorrow...IWNDWYT
It can be hard sometimes. Death stress happiness boredom. So many times to drink. There is always a reason to drink but none of the are good reasons. ..Stay strong. Main thing is to just not drink. The longer you go the better you get at not doing it. 
Wow. That is a lot to handle. Sending strength and good juju your way. 
You are strong and you can do this. I believe I you you've come very far. For me it helps to be reminded by the community that alcohol won't help anything. It won't help your brother or your cat or your dog. It won't help you. All it'll do is add weight to this life. So IWNDWYT and am sending you lots of love. 
