-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tap6c/dealing_with_loneliness_depression_help_needed/

A bit more than 6 months ago I stopped drinking. How do you deal with the loneliness that comes with not drinking? ..Most of my friends I had before I stopped drinking have for various reasons stopped hanging out with me. Most can't seem to understand that I've quit and don't try to help or be there for me. They would keep trying to sneak coke around me when I explicitly told them that I don't mind them drinking just don't bring coke around me. Some friends I know. somehow I managed to make it out of those situations without relapsing... My roommate is awesome and is completely supportive but we don't share a whole lot of interests. ..I just don't know what to do. I'm not the biggest fan of AA/NA and being in the serving industry limits the amount I could even go in the first place. Most of the good meetings are when I'm working and even those that I have been to I just can't seem to relate to anyone there hard as I try. ..Drinking was always my crutch when it came to meeting new people and I'm now having an incredibly hard time meeting people without it. ..And that's not to mention my nonexistent romantic life. beforehand i had no problems meeting and dating women but now I feel crippled. anyone i would want to date I don't know how to ask out. Even when I've been invited out before it's always to a bar. When I explain that I can't really be in that environment I get that dejected look. You know the one. It makes me feel like shit. ..I feel completely isolated and don't know what to do. I've checked my local SD and it's almost completely barren. I'm at the end of my rope and I don't know what to do. Please help. Any advice would be completely appreciated...Sorry about the long rant I didn't mean for it to be this long when i started haha. I guess I just needed to get it all off my chest. ..Thanks in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

In terms of sober activities have you checked sober meet up or explored new hobbies like a sport or a class that wouldn't revolve around drinking?..Giving up alcohol was the first step to dealing with my problems because before I masked my problems with drinking. It sounds like you have problems with social anxiety. There's no quick fix but that's a problem that you can address and work on in yourself. It's a problem separate from drinking and drinking wouldn't make it better it'd just mask the problem again. 
I honestly understand how you feel. After I quit drinking I stopped socializing with the same groups of people I used to regularly see and the loneliness came over. The real solution is improvement in the quality and quantity of social connections in our lives without jeopardizing our sobriety. ..What is working for me is community involvement. I became involved with a really good tenants rights organization and the long-term involvement helps cultivate relationships with the members. Most have open meetings and will welcome you if you want to get involved. Check some out and begin frequently attending the meetings of those that you like (I recommend feel welcome stable no drama nice leaders). Try it out at least you'll meet supportive people and learn about new useful resources...Don't let the "dejected look" "make you feel like shit". You made a choice to respect and love yourself by doing something incredibly hard. For your health safety emotional well-being and prosperity. Don't doubt yourself or look back. It will work out trust that you will overcome this temporary discomfort and find acceptance among those who value you for who you are not merely a drinking buddy...My favorite go to phrases for why I don't drink is "I like it that way" "focusing on business" "for health reasons". If those are not respected don't be offended that not everyone understands. The strength of your commitment are your pride and no one can take that away from you...As far as dating goes get creative with your dates! The more non-party/bar/alcohol activities you do on dates the more comfortable you'll feel and it'll feel more natural. As you relax in those settings your social skills as well as date quality will improve. I have found a whole range of activities from star gazing park picnics hikes yoga to camping in the national parks. If you are actively interested to learn more about the interests/family/work of your companion there will be no shortage of topics to talk about. Just ask insightful questions and follow-up!..Good luck on your journey. Accept that it will be challenging but you'll overcome it. The confidence you seek is already inside you you just have to embrace it and think positively every day :)
Well first off congratulations on 6 months! That's brilliant. I'm sorry you are feeling low. Are there any other activities you think you could try? I've joined a new gym where people are really friendly I am on the committee for a local hiking group I go to drawing classes now and then and I have seen a public speaking group that I am going to join. Do you think you could find some local groups that take part in things like that? It's a great way just to have some social interaction whilst doing something you enjoy even if it doesn't lead to friendships etc. ..As for dating I feel the same as you in that it seems so tricky and I haven't really broached it yet. But I just tell myself that the alternative isn't exactly going to make me attractive to a date either and I'll probably end up doing something I regret and never speaking to them again anyway! ..This is a great place to get things off your chest hope it helps :)
