-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7teges/reflecting_on_my_shiny_new_11/

330 days ago I was coming off a 28 day bender. I had accumulated over 500 cans of beer (and I HATE beer) and I was terrified that I wasn't going to be able to get off that Drunk-Go-Round. The worst part is that I had over 2.5 years of sobriety before I relapsed for the next 15 months. All it took was me going on a date and deciding that since I wasn't craving alcohol I'd be able to drink "just one". So there I sat 15 months of alcohol later all alone because that guy I dated was long gone by then.  ...I'm a 44 year old female who's been drinking since 21. I won't bore you with the rest of my history.  ...So now here I am 330 days sober (again!). It hasn't been as situationally challenging as it had been when I had the 2.5 year stretch of sobriety (divorce bankruptcy creditor court cases car crashes dead pets job losses) but this time it's more emotionally challenging. I've been standing up for myself more and certainly not winning anyone over with my new boundaries but screw 'em.  ...If I was in a typical bender I'd be drunk by now (probably while at work too) and then go home and drink and chain smoke on my porch all night in the freezing cold. I'd pass out wake up around 3 a.m. because the withdrawals would start (cold sweats &amp; racing thoughts). Then I'd get out of bed around 11 a.m. and pray I still had something left over from the night before. If not I had to wait until noon for the liquor store to open on a Sunday and then pray that I could walk to the corner and back without anything going wrong. Rinse and repeat for the rest of Sunday.  ...During all of that my cats would be ignored as well as my hygiene but I'll spare you those specifics as well.  ...Today I got up got my grocery shopping done on the way to work and when I get home I'll do some vacuuming and force myself to clean the bathroom. I'm making steak &amp; eggs for dinner and I just remembered that one of my cats needs to be groomed. He'll also get his insulin on time and thank gawd I got sober before he was diagnosed diabetic or that could've been a disaster. I'll end up in front of the t.v. relaxing with a Golden Girls marathon and more than likely be in bed by 11 p.m.  ...I understand how people don't want to be thought of as "boring" in sobriety and I also understand how especially in early sobriety people think it's boring to go home and clean something. For me I am just grateful that I am ABLE to have the mental faculties and energy to scrub a toilet.  ...I appreciate the mundane things. Maybe it's because so much of my life got neglected when I was drunk for weeks on end. Maybe it's because once I got rid of all the nonsense the bullshit and the overly-dramatic &amp; useless distractions I ended up with a very peaceful life in sobriety. It's a life that I can manage.  .. .Eleven months later my cats trust me &amp; are well taken care of again I'm making more money at work I'm reducing my debt (no more drunken purchases) my bank balance actually has a comma in it and I'm eating healthier foods by cooking all my meals at home. The best part is that my face no longer looks like a basketball with eyes.  ...At 11 months sober I now go to bed at night without the cloud of self-hatred and shame hanging over my head.  .
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing that. It does mean alot to hear how well you are doing and that there is hope to do this...You definitely sound like you have done alot of searching inside to find an understanding of yourself and your situation. To boot you are happy and have successfully stayed sober. Great work and thank you for the inspirational boost :)...I will not be drinking with you today.
Woot! Sounds like life is going in the right direction. 
You go girl!! 44 years here as well. I hear you loud and clear. So proud of your 11 months. And I also love watching my Golden Girl marathons and feel good when cleaning. Always puts me in a great mood!
