-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tezxj/why_isnt_it_getting_easier/

I'm almost at a month and these past few days have been awfully hard. I'm struggling so much. It just feels like it's getting worse. ..I'm so lonely and finding it hard to find a reason to carry on with my sobriety. All I ever do is work and go to the gym and I have no friends. Where's the joy and positivity that is meant to come with sobriety? I'm just depressed and lonely.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you found any new hobbies or interests you can do? If not maybe you can start trying something new each week until you find something you really enjoy..We are here for you! Sorry you are feeling this way :-/
Wow. So sorry u r struggling.  Keep it up.  Sobriety is so worth it.  every day is better   IWNDWYT
Firstly congratulations on 26 days that is no easy feat ill tell you. I understand what you mean about feeling lonely and struggling but to combat it i have spoken to people on here i've started adding things into my day where i can to distract myself such as reading studying watching a film reading the stories people have posted on here and posting my own...The joy and positivity that sobriety brings is that it enables you to make the changes in your life that will bring these feelings. I was blind when i first started this a long time ago thinking that when i got sober everything would be hunky dory but as it turns out it doesn't and i failed on that attempt...but i learnt from it (took some time i am quite thick). i find that as much as i don't have many friends and the ones i do i barely see; i know that the ones i will make going forward in the future will not only see the real me but i will be a true friendship thats worth it...Take some time to be kind to yourself and work out where and what you would like to be try not to be hard on yourself as you have accomplished something wonderful at 26 days. It's helped me to keep coming back here a post and read stories maybe it could work for you too?..I wish you luck and hope that you can overcome the struggle keep talking. You got this! I will not drink with you today :).
I'm only on day one but here's something for you. You know those blood pressure charts with the green yellow and red zones? I am literally off the chart. And I'm not a fat guy. And I'm only 46. If for *no other reason* stay with it for your heart. I will not drink with you today.
[removed]
Alcohol is only one of many variables.  Did you have these feelings before stopping drinking?  Real life change is a slow process.  ..I have good days and I have bad days.  I was not happy with life before I stopped drinking.  I'm not happy with life now.  However I am actively working on addressing and improving myself my circumstances and my community.  Slow and steady.  I am much happier with myself now that I can work on lifting myself up instead of digging myself deeper.  That's the difference sobriety has made for me.
When I first stopped drinking I was really lonely and was really isolated. I started volunteering and met all sorts of people. Some of them remain some of my best friends with a relationship built on shared interests. It seems like the more I put myself out there the more rich life becomes.
While I do not agree with all AA say one thing I certainly do is being able to speak to people in the same situation as myself. Since I have stopped I have come to realise that the closest true friends I have don't live in the same city as me. One in Manchester &amp; a couple in London. Now I see that this is where my real hands on work has to come in. I believed that simply stopping drinking would magically give me a better life. Simply stopping has given me many advantages but the advantages I truly crave will not be given to me I will have to forge them. 
I had real bad mood swings in the first couple of months. Real deep depressions followed by joy and then sadness. I worked with a therapist that I really liked and eventally my moods evened out. I don't know why it takes longer for some than others.  
