-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tezj2/struggling/

Don't plan to leave the house today. Normally on Saturdays we (my husband and I) go out or at least day drink together at home and act dumb. .I'm really struggling not to drink today. I know if I do I'll just feel like shit and still be bored. .It might get the best of me today. 
----------immediate responses--------

My plan is to get mad. You don't own me booze. I am not your bitch. ..I will not drink with you today.
Sobriety us usually "One Day At A Time"...Sometimes it's "One Hour At A Time"...during tough times it can be "One Minute At A Time"...You're saving your life here and *boredom* is going to beat you?  I don't think so. You can do this. Take a walk paint that hallway you've been meaning to paint for a year. Look up a fun recipe for dinner or dessert...Booze is a lying lover. In the back of your mind it will whisper "It's OK just one or two..." when you already know it's a lie. Don't let a lying lover wreck your mind you life...IWNDWYT
One thing I wish I'd have learned much earlier is that I did NOT have to cave into every single craving I had. I had to learn this the hard way until it got to the point where the idea of a drink brought immediate terror...Today I take some solace in knowing that it benefits me to learn things the easy way but that if I don't I *will* learn the hard way...as long as I survive the hard way (some don't)...This is probably one thing that sobriety &amp; recovery taught me that I can apply literally every single other aspect of my life! :)..I'm thinking of you and dedicating my current day of sobriety to you! We've got to give it away to keep it see? ..You win today if you decide that you win today!
I am struggling a lot today too. Something about that weekend vibe gers me every time. I indulge in coffee and music to improve my mood. We are on here we are strong we can get past this! Then we can telepathically high five in the morning when we wake up with no hangover!  
You guys are all amazing! Thank you so much for helping me out. Today has been easier because of you. 
I stayed in bed each night (when I used to drink) for the first week. I would get a craving and I would put it off for an hour. Eventually it would be time for bed. It felt like a waiting game. And in the morning I felt so proud of myself...You can do it!
