-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7th3ne/got_to_stop/

So backstory addiction runs on both sides of my family and I definetly inherited "the gene". In my younger years was not much of a fan generally didn't seek it out. Then I found myself enjoying craft beers and good bourbon. Wasn't too out of hand but I started drinking increasingly more and more over time. Flash to a few years later drink of choice was cheap vodka and occasionally beer when I had the scratch (had a significant weed habit as well which ate most of my check pathetic I know)...I've known it was getting out of hand. Was drinking half a handle or more every day starting most mornings with some "hair of the dog" hiding how much I was drinking keeping an emergency "water bottle" with me at work classic bullshit...Then I lost the only job I've ever loved due to a blackout. It after work hours but on company property was drinking with the general manager (near daily activity) but went too hard too fast and had my only blackout at 2 in the afternoon. Came to around 5 with significant scrapes on my face (ugly scars now) and a newly chipped front tooth. Boss tells me to take a day off then I get let go the next day. I feel conflicted with the situation but ultimately understand...Its about a month and a half since then and I haven't been doing great. Spent most of my days and remaining money just drinking everything away. Haven't taken any real steps towards finding new employment and am now out of money. I think I'm done I desperately want to be done. I'm on day three and other than some shakes doing ok...I'm still fucking terrified and anxiety is crippling me from doing the things I know I need to do and feeling that being a cop out is exacerbating the anxiety and depression. I feel I will get through this but am still scared. Finding a job as good as my last one in my field; culinary they like to work the shit out of us last job was great at 27 had a 45000 salary and was encouraged to work 35-40 hours a week as head chef close relationship with general manager and owner...I've quit before three months and it was the happiest I've ever been. Was working out eating well (I don't eat terribly but I was eating very healthy and good food) but than like so many thought I could handle moderation I can't. I'm trying to remember how I felt then and use it as fuel but it's just difficult. Anyways thanks for a place where we can vent these struggles and to anyone that read my story. I wish you all the best hope to be putting up a success story of how I turned it around soonish. Be well.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you are here. Got to stop is right. 
We are here for you and listening. You can do it. I know you can. Hugs   
Before I stopped I had a similar experience also was a long time restaurant worker...I showed up to the place of employment on a day off mid-day shit faced. Harassing employees drinking like prohibition was coming back the usual bullshit in a blackout. Who knows what I said or did but I guess someone did...Next day I came in and owner said if I did that again I would be fired. 10 year employee manager promotion really good customer...anger flooded me. I held onto that resentment for two months until it culminated with a real good self-sabotage. ..It got me dry and eventually sober but it can be done without that ego driven anger hatred and all that other shit. You can do it. I feel you. That industry is especially difficult to be sober in but it can be done. ..Sidenote I no longer work in that industry.
Dude you are doing so so so well. Come here and post whenever you want. We want to listen and it helps us too so don't ever feel you are a burden on us SD people. You aren't. ..You can get through this! Your life won't be definitely by it but it's going to be a main topic for a while. That's ok. It has such a great payoff that it's worth it. And YOU are worth it too...I will not drink with you today.
