-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7thdfh/newly_discovered_hobbies_and_talents/

Good evening! I've found a great wealth of advice wisdom and support from this SR I can't even begin to thank you! So I wanted to come here to ask a question about what I'm struggling with. ..I'm grappling with feeling very mediocre and boring as a person. Sure I feel better physically and mentally and that's great. But I'm finding  sober gaps  on an emotional level. Self care distractions being productive waking up early la croix Netflix etc aren't cutting it. And I know distractions are just me learning how to live a normal life but I need something deeper. ..I was always pretty exceptional at drinking! Now I feel ready to discover what else I can excel at and am looking for a bit of inspiration. ..What new hobbies/ talents have you discovered in sobriety? What new purpose or fulfillment have you found aside from the basic  normal sober  stuff?
----------immediate responses--------

I enjoy hiking &amp; camping/spending time in nature.
What did you enjoy before drinking? For me I enjoyed sports and the outdoors. I found that mountain biking combined the two and I really enjoy it. I get a nice adrenaline boost and it's a great workout. There is also some helpful ideas in the sidebar. Here's a link to them...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored
You could be some sort of creative type who never found out yet have you thought of that?  
For me committing to regular exercise helped immensely. I started to feel the "I'm  boring/lame /antsy" again so I found an instrument that interested me on Craigslist found a teacher in my area and now I have this new musical hobby to work on! I didn't really let myself over think it; I just had the inclination one Saturday morning and decided to roll with it. I think it was a good leap..Best luck in finding your new thing! 
Crossfit yoga and video games for me. 
Hands down the best thing I ever learned in sobriety was to go out and be of service to others. Any time I felt restless or mediocre or vaguely bored my sponsor told me to go out and be of service. .Go out and look for someone who needs help..This literally didn't occur to me...Old man neighbour stacking wood in his backyard? I'll help!.Fresh snow on the ground? Go shovel your Neighbour's sidewalk..See someone moving? Offer to help..Exhausted parent on a plane sitting next to you? Offer to hold/entertain/watch their kid while they nap..If you go to AA sign up for a service position. Make the coffee be the treasurer organize the meeting's box of crap..Sign up to help seniors learn how to use their electronics or help new immigrants practice their English...I spent so much time being obsessed with myself in the time I was drinking I needed to train myself into being a useful person again...But here's the thing! It showed me what I was good at..Apparently I'm a BOSS at putting furniture together. .I'm awesome at organizing things (who knew??).I'm apparently good with numbers...Anyway this helped me find out who I was and what I was good at. Several years later I still try to do this as often as possible to stay on track. .It works better than anything I know!
Yoga tennis and landscape art to name a few outlets.   I used to enjoy these a lot before I fell in love with two bottles of white wine 3 nights a week.   I got the easel out and scrubbed the palette yesterday.  I'm filling the void with something creative.  ..When the weather gets warmer I'm seriously going camp and paint more plein air this Spring!  ..I'd like to take up knitting  I might search for a sober knitting circle!
I need a creative passion. Something with meaning. Something that allows me to *create* meaning. I know that exercise and stuff is good for me but that doesn't fulfill the space I'm talking about. Exercise is just good to do; it doesn't answer any questions or help me paint the world with my particular kind of love. It doesn't help me figure out what that love looks like...If there's something I'm drawn to I start small and then I start getting passionate as I learn more about it. So at first I just liked taking pictures and then I learned the hows and whys of 35mm cameras and how to develop pictures and about light and angles and then photography became my devoted friend a way of seeing the world and a conveyance to its meaning and a way for me to return meaning...Gardening started with a morning glory seed. Then I wanted to understand what made seeds turn to fruit. What makes things work. The pleasure of companion plants. Design elements. Zones perennials how to force a bulb build a trellis train a vine. There's a universe inside that seed...Art and nature are the places I usually find passion but there's another category of passion I'm not sure how to name--I do crossword puzzles competitively and made a bunch of nerd friends I adore. We sit around planning for the regional tournaments and talking about the NYT puzzle editor like he's Jay-Z etc. They are all thirty years older than I am and as soon as I met them I was like "MY PEOPLE!!"..You would be shocked at the weird shit you can get up to. What do you love? :-))
