-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tlcrd/every_morning/

Every day I think about drinking and my mouth waters.  It took me 2 hit and runs  multiple ruined relationships and getting to the point of blacking out after a couple drinks to truly realize I am an alcoholic.  ..Most people think I'm a square or that I'm judging them when I say I don't drink.  I'm not.  I'm trying my hardest to make sure I remember the evening. I'm making sure I'm invited back and don't leave here in hand cuffs. ..I'm a woman that many people would think has no problems on the surface but I'm struggling and I feel like no one I know understands.  ..I took myself out of the situations I was in and moved across the country to start over.  I've slipped up a couple times and the stories that come with this times are insane.  ..But right now I'm barely hanging on.....
----------immediate responses--------

I understand.  I'm also a woman with a good job and a decent life on the surface.  I definitely don't LOOK like someone with serious alcohol problems and people who don't know me well would never guess.   I have the arrests and convictions though that come back on every background check.  I am mean and combative when I'm drunk which is not who I am when I'm sober.  It's always a struggle and I also have friends who I think assume that I'm just being smug when I refuse to meet them at the bar.  I'm not I just haven't gone to bars in a long time because I don't want another DUI arrest and I know I'll drink.
Have you tried going to a meeting yet? Surrounding yourself with people who are in the same boat and know exactly what you are going through is *extremely* therapeutic. Do you have a therapist? I "white-knuckled" sobriety for almost a year before I started regular therapy. I could have used it since day 1...
I understand and you're not alone. I'm a 46 year old female alcoholic.  I look like a normal person but if you look closer you'll notice I've knocked all my front teeth out. I'm a mess but getting better every day. I will not drink with you today.  
