-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tp4pt/my_husband_doesnt_seem_to_care/

My husband came home wasted tonight. Not a little tipsy not drunk but wasted. As soon as he walked in the door I knew and to say I was upset is an understatement. I've really been struggling lately and this pushed me over the edge...I asked a friend to come pick him up because I couldn't deal with him asking the same questions over and over slurring his words and stumbling around. He tried to walk our dog and I asked him not to but while I was upstairs he took off. Thankfully they made it back and our friend showed up to take him for a few hours or overnight...Right now I'm sitting on the bathroom floor trying to calm my nerves. Life is so damn stressful right now and all I want is a partner to be there for me. Am I being unreasonable? I'm not sure maybe a little I don't know.
----------immediate responses--------

Does this happen often? Have you set boundaries with him and let him know how to support you? Does he also need help? I don't think it's unreasonable at all to expect support! I'm sorry you had to go through that it's really frustrating! 
When my husband does something that pisses me off he usually isn't doing it to piss me off. I am in charge of my emotions and reactions. So when something bothers me I use it as a time to reflect on what's going on in my world that has me upset...Usually my anger towards him is displaced anger towards myself or frustration because an expectation I had wasn't met...Or sometimes I am just so stressed and tired that anything out of the ordinary will really bother me...I have a choice: I can be mad angry act out. Or I can decide what's bothering me why I feel threatened and decide WHEN I should approach him...It sounds like his coming home drunk destroyed his ability to be there for you. Then you maybe felt sad and then angry?
It's very challenging to be around loved ones while they are wasted especially when your sober.  I get your frustration.  You are wanting to make a healthier life style while it feels as they don't give a damn.  I would wait till he is sober and not hungover and really talk about the way you feel.  Most likely it's not his intention to piss you off at all.  But it is truly impossible to get support from a drunk person so I get you!  No matter what stay sober for you! 
Holy shit I can not even begin to try to count the times I have let my man down w/ my drinking. Be kind forgive him and be kind to yourself. One time I broke my fucking leg on some icy steps blackout drunk. I'm easily 100 lbs heavier than him he literally drug me home..
I don't think you are being unreasonable. That would scare me too. 
Maybe your needs are just changing a bit as sobriety becomes more important and desirable for you. And that's okay! Maybe you guys can come up with a new plan together? Does he go to AA or Al-Anon? He may find helpful tips there on how to support you. You're right that other people are gonna drink and do what they wanna do...but your security and sobriety is important too. 
I think your response is perfectly understandable.  I would be mighty pissed off.  But at the end of the day we cannot control the behaviour of others.  How we respond to adversity is entirely within our control.  Be kind to yourself and take care.
