-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tqk44/last_drink_1st_jan_2018_28_days_my_story/

..Hi everyone my first post in this sub been lurking here for a couple of weeks since I stopped drinking cold turkey...This may sound a little unbelievable but I actually was not intending to quit drinking only to cut down a little more after having drank every day during the christmas/new year period and feeling lethargic and a bit over it...I stumbled across Allen Carr's "Stop Drinking Now - Easyway" when searching for books on amazon I'm sure many of you have heard of it already.  I was certainly skeptical before starting to read it but there were alot of great reviews so I started reading on new years day...I was not planning on having any drinks new years day however a friend had left some vodka at my house and I usually get too tempted if there is alcohol in the house (I've always bought only a few days worth of liquor at a time so that I will run out and have a couple days off)...Anyway it worked for me!!  It actually was easy with easyway.  Even about half-way through the book I started getting the feeling like I may never drink again...So instead of finding techniques to better manage my consumption I ended up just stopping and even though I didn't finish the book until maybe the 3rd or 4th of January I had my last drink on the 1st...This method which is totally not about will-power or 12 steps basically transforms your mindset in such a way that you no longer psychologically crave alcohol anymore...It really blew my mind that first week just stopping and getting to the weekend and thinking "I would normally be getting loaded now but I just don't see the point anymore"...All the reasons I had that made me want and crave a drink were demolished and now when I think about having a drink I only see negatives and therefore the decision is easy...FYI I'm 39 Australian started drinking periodically at 16 and then probably accelerated when I turned 18 and can only remember one 2 week period of abstinence when I was around 24 and trying to lose a bit of a weight.  I would average 30-40 drinks per week over that ~20 years...I always justified my drinking with things like "I drink regularly but I rarely get shit-faced drunk" and "It's a reward for working hard during the week" or "I'm not an alcoholic because I'm a happy drinker and I can stop for days at a time"...However now in hind-sight I see that I was addicted and the thought of even skipping even a weekend seemed scary and I did not have enough reasons to try as I've never had alcohol related health issues (touch wood!)...So fortunately for me I have not struggled like most people do which is a minor miracle and at my age I think it's a bit easier to make the decision to not drink again especially when I see no upside to doing so...I'm not looking for a pat on the back either as I didn't really do anything except commit to the process in the book which was pretty easy...I know this has been long thanks for your patience.  I'll wrap by saying if you are thinking of cutting down or quitting read this book first!  If you've already stopped but are struggling with cravings try reading this also!  It doesn't work for everyone but has incredibly high success rate from what I understand...After 28 days I've seen these benefits:..- Down 1.5kg (3lb) from xmas weight without any other changes to my routine hope to continue to see further weight loss (I have a bit of a gut but not quite overweight for my height)..- More energy and no more morning lethargy.- Saving $70/week approx $3500/year in money.- I'm a smoker and immediately dropped from about 32 cigs per week down to 24 per week (plan on stopping altogether with allen carr's original stop smoking book in a couple of months).- Deeper sleep although I've had some periods of waking alot during the night (more dreaming and hot weather at the moment are factors).- Less foggy mind clearer thinking and was still able to have fun in a social situation surrounded by others drinking without feeling tempted but I did leave earlier than everyone else.  Baby steps..- I think maintaining eye contact with people has improved which I've struggled with a bit hopefully this might help with relationships..I feel like saying more but will leave it there as it's still early days for me.  I don't know what the future holds but I'm quite confident that I'll never drink again.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats! Nice post. First 30 days can be tough. Also if you don't know about the pink cloud take a look. 
Ahh Easyway really helped me get started.  The guy is simply brill.
Congratulations :) I'm a fellow Aussie too who would guzzle 40-50 std drinks per week too (I'm female). Incidentally I have just started reading the same novel today. Day 4 for me! ..Great to see you kicking so many goals really well done.
Congrats comrade.. I will read the book and IWNDWYT
Soooo good. Thanks for sharing. I loved the benefits part. I am sure it helped you to write that down. It gives perspective on the benefits.
I will have to check out that book. Congrats and let's keep going! IWNDWYT!
