-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7trhnf/i_need_your_help/

I've been struggling with binge drinking for 10 years and over the passed year I've become a full blown alcoholic. I've damn near lost my job a few times because of it. My finances are in shambles and I'm currently between jobs (my contract ended and I'm waiting for a new one). I've dealt with every abuse imaginable since I was a kid and have just started trauma counselling this week. I've never had any type of counselling so I have a lot of new changes in front of me right now..I can see alcohol was a coping mechanism for the PTSD I was recently diagnosed with but then I used PTSD to mask my daily drinking and it's snowballed into this mess I'm in now..I can't do this anymore. I can't keep being trapped in this self destructive phase and using alcohol as a way to self-harm isolate myself and self-medicate..I'm looking for healthier coping mechanisms and ways to keep my mind off the idea of drinking. I just did 6 weeks of sobriety but then have been on a non-stop bender for 2 months now. I want to be able to stop and to not keep trying to convince myself I can casually drink. It's all or nothing and every time I break my sobriety my drinking is so much worse than before I temporarily stopped..I'm looking for what's worked for you what medications have you tried and just a safe place to come for support especially while I detox cuz I know the depression is going to be even more crippling over the next few days. Thanks for reading xx
----------immediate responses--------

I was ready to stop. .My first day of sobriety I just said I don't want to drink today..At the end of day 1 it can to me as I sat by a river I'll go to an AA meeting..The next day I went to my first meeting. .I'm taking it one day at a time. I don't worry about tomorrow just don't drink today..Good luck buddy. I was blessed in my recovery so far I hope the same for you.
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..I was similarly depressed with alcohol in my life...Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
When I had exhausted all other options (other than suicide) I finally went to rehab and I was desperate enough to do whatever it took. I started going to twelve step meetings even though the God stuff turned me off and as I kept going I kept meeting people who were like-minded and they shared their experience with me. I felt batshit crazy for at least thirty days but it slowly started getting better and better. In the first few days of sobriety I stared at a clock and told myself I wouldn't drink for five minutes at a time. Good news is that over time that obsession went away not overnight but what a great day it was when I was reflecting on my day and I realized  Huh I haven't thought about drinking at all today. How about that.  I never thought that would be possible.
I am new to sobriety. I will not drink with you. Hugs!
It is the hardest thing you will ever do. And alcohol will always sit in the back of your mind poking you for just one more drink...I just take it one day at a time. The thought of "I can never drink again" is scary even now but I just changed it to "I don't want to drink today" and just go day to day keeping the streak alive. I have been on Prozac and welbutrin but once I started exercising I came off of those and my life has never been better. Everyone is different and you just have to find the thing that works for you. It will take some trial and error but you can do it!..I will not drink with you today!
I focused solely on each day as it came. I checked in here each morning and wrote I will not drink today...I participated here a lot...As the going got tough I played the tape forward and thought about where I would end up if I took that first drink. ..I felt much better within the first few weeks and that gave me the confidence I was on the right lines and to carry on...I will not drink with you today.
You've gotten such great advice already.  I read books:  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace and Recovery by Russell Brand.  I see my doctor regarding medications and I have gone back to therapy.  I have given myself lots of space regarding socializing.  I am hermiting like nobody's business and I will not socialize when I am not ready or willing.  I stick very close to home and only go somewhere if the spirit moves me.  I keep comfort foods and drinks on hand at all times.  I can't stress enough the importance of having the food and drink on hand at all times.  My heart aches for the thought of you suffering through PTSD.  Imagine yourself as a the child who needs comfort.  Be kind to yourself and watch out for yourself as you would a child or a dear friend.  Gently as you go.  Lastly SD is a huge support to me.  I am never alone.  Let the 24 hours stand alone and just deal with the moment not the past or the future.  You can do it.  We're right here for you.
What worked for me was seeking help from people who had stopped and stayed that way. I found those people at AA meetings. I figured if I was desperate for a way out I should at least be willing to honestly try it before deciding it wasn't for me. That willingness to suspend judgment (oh I had plenty of judgment against the people in AA) is probably what saved my life. 
Hello and welcome!  I am glad you are here.  What has worked for me (and Lord my brain has talked me into the idea of moderation MANY times and every time it ends badly) is keeping a running list on my phone of all the reasons I want to stay sober modifying my lifestyle so I am not putting myself in situations where I'm tempted to drink and using support systems.  This subreddit is a great place to start AA works well for lots of folks and there's a number of great suggestions in the FAQ!  I also think getting your PCP involved is a great idea if that is available to you.  Detox from alcohol can be very dangerous for some and you deserve to be safe!  No matter what happens I remind myself the most important thing is to not give up because my life is worth fighting for.  I am here I am real and I am not drinking with you today.
If you can go to a doctor or have a doctor please do. Being honest with my doctor is really helping me a ton. If your doctor is making you feel shitty and not willing to help beyond lecturing try to change doctors. There are a lot of antidepressants out there that can help but also a lot of various meds that have off-label uses to help addicts who are in withdrawal and/or help addicts control cravings. I have gabapentin (recommended to me by someone else whose u-name escapes me from this sub) and it definitely helps though it makes me very tired so isn't ideal for all the time. It gets me past bad spots. Good luck. I will not drink with you today.
Welcome! Happy you found us this community has literally helped me change my entire life around. Stay a while we'll be here :) IWNDWYT!
AA has worked for me. I also drank like crazy for ten years and in the end I found myself in legal trouble mental hospitals and emergency rooms and severely suicidal. I had tried many many times to quit. This time I've actually done what AA suggests. As a result I'm learning to take care of myself for the first time in my life. An appt with a trauma counselor is HUGE. Congrats on that! 
