-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tt0kc/adventure_awaits/

Last week as part of a trip I booked with the money I saved from not drinking I summited Mount Kilimanjaro. I chose this trip as a symbol of my first year of sobriety and I know there's no way I could've done it   financially or physically   if I hadn't quit drinking last December. After my Kili trek and Serengeti safari I was also able to visit my foster elephant Musiara at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust in Nairobi. When I was selecting a foster orphan a while ago I chose Musiara because he was born on December 3 2016   my sobriety date. I'm pleased to report that we are both doing well and looking forward to celebrating many more birthdays. For those who are new here or may be struggling I hope this encourages you. Adventure awaits you and change is possible..https://m.imgur.com/a/aqzzV
----------immediate responses--------

WOW. Congratulations on all fronts!! What a beautiful and symbolic trip. I will not drink with you today!
That's wonderful!  Way to go.  You're killin' it.
Amazing!!! Musiara is such a handsome little guy!   
That is quite inspiring!  
This is absolutely incredible! I love the symbolism in all of it. Also your mental and physical care as well as your selfless act to foster. Congratulations!  
Thanks for posting this and the pictures on so many levels!  This really resonates as I am looking at some similar goals and it's good to see the progress of others.  Again can't say thanks enough!
OMFG that is so awesome! You rock. 
Wow!
This brought tears to my eyes. Thank you for this. You give me such hope even as I'm on a real roller coaster of feelings right about now at 32 days. 
Incredible! I love the idea of a big trek or adventure to look forward to as part of sobriety. I might even pinch the Kili idea myself!
That is an awesome trip!  Such a cool way to treat yourself to something many people will not get to experience in their lifetime all because of positive changes in your life!  Thanks for sharing!
I live this.  Thanks for sharing it along with the lovely photos. I want a foster elephant now! Well done.
Awesome and inspiring! Thanks!
how do I become an elephant sponsor???!!!
awww musiara looks like he's smiling!! congratulations!
Well done! You've climbed a summit both physical and figurative. Inspiring. 
So impressive on so many levels.  You deserve to look every bit as happy as you do in your pic with Musiara.  Thanks for the inspiration :)
I don't always use the word epic but when I do it's because it's epic.     ..IWNDWYT 
That's awesome and inspiring. I'm going to foster an elephant right now. They are my favorite! Congratulations.
Awesome Job!! 
Wow. Absolutely love this. Inspiring.    
awesome
I would love to summit Kili and have thought about it as a reward for being sober. Long way to go for me but good on ya mate
Great post thanks for the inspiration! 
Absolutely inspiring. Congratulations and thank you for showing us what sobriety can do for us!
So awesome! Really really so awesome :) Thanks so much for sharing!
This is the most beautiful story! Thank you for sharing and good luck in future sober adventures that are sure to come. 
Fantastic!
thank you for this today. keep being awesome.
