-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tt1sb/the_calls_are_coming_from_inside_the_house_help/

I've always had a real problem with self-loathing which I assumed was getting better recently until my slip-up last weekend. At the risk of sounding like an asshole I *always* get outside validation from others that I'm a smart funny insightful moderately-attractive human that people enjoy being around and for some reason I just don't believe it inherently. I've been to more than a decade of therapy I've journaled about this until my hands bleed I've meditated and tried affirmations and every other ancient ritual in the book but the problem always goes back to the fact that the voice of my "inner saboteur" is still just me making what seem like very very valid arguments. When someone says "You're so [positive thing]!!" I immediately/automatically remind myself of a handful of instances that person doesn't know about that proves his/her point wrong and continues this deeply-rooted belief system I've instilled that I'm a piece of shit without much to offer. I've known inherently that the only validation that's going to make a difference is my own but I struggle to know exactly how to do that. (And vague tips like "Just love yourself!!!" are nauseatingly unhelpful in that they don't give my ignorant ass any actual methods as to how to do that.)..I *was* finally starting to have some genuine confidence in myself these last few months as I garnered the most sober days I've ever had. I could plainly see that nobody in my life was working against my self esteem and nobody has in a *very* long time - it's all been part of my mental prison that I keep running the bullshit script terrible insecure people (that I no longer even know/associate with) implanted in me during my formative years and still believe after years of adding my own masonry to this mental prison (to beat this metaphor to death.) I started seeing that I was wrong about my beliefs and I have more power over myself than I assumed and maybe a lot of the stuff other people believe about me isn't just because I've tricked them...And then I went out with a bunch of fellow grad students and felt like the dumbest least interesting person in the room and I started drinking. Now I have read "Naked Mind" and there's one thing that I realized I disagree with a little; drinking doesn't make me smarter or funnier but it does temporarily shut off the ever-present voice in my head that tells me that I suck. That voice is ALWAYS there. And when I start feeling more insecure than usual it gets SUPER FUCKING LOUD AND RELENTLESS. And sometimes I am very weak and I just want a goddamn break for once. And unfortunately drinking does that for just a few hours. And I REALLY enjoy it. ..The problem with this obviously is that I wake up and I hate myself even more than I did the day before as a result. I clearly see that drinking doesn't actually do anything but shut off the voice temporarily only so that it can be justifiably amplified the following day(s). It is a motherfucker of a cycle and holy shit I'm tired. ..... well now I'm crying. But I mean it. **I'm tired of living like this.**..I do realize only now that the ONLY way to get my inner saboteur in my head to shut up organically is to practice telling it to without chemicals/poison. It's like a muscle I just have to flex a little more.  I'm just coming out of a very long-term chronic illness that has made me very isolated in the last 15 years so social situations are going to be a bit of a foil for me for the foreseeable future. I should treat them with extra care and make sure to be prepped with my own nonalcoholic beverages and maybe over time the knowledge and comfort that I'm okay to exist in public will become my new normal. I need to start looking at alcohol as Liquid Self-Loathing instead of Liquid Relief because that's really how it's always been for me; I don't know why I am so deeply in denial that it's any other way...I understand what has to be done here to break out of this self-loathing cycle but any insights anyone has about this is absolutely welcome here. I'm not so stubborn as to believe my faulty brain has all the answers just yet; if it did I wouldn't still be having the same ridiculous struggle. ..Edit: Because I'm obsessively nit-picky about how I phrase things. And spelling. .
----------immediate responses--------

Well ultimately "just love yourself more" is the answer but yeah as a soundbite is not remotely enough. It took me a long while sober to even begin to sort that out. The problem for many of us is that for so many years we allowed ourselves the shortcut of slapping an alcohol band-aid on our broken self esteem. After years it became the default go to response for everything slightly uncomfortable in our lives. This in turn let us not actually work at improving our lives and untangling our mental issues that are at the root of our addictions...For me getting sober was a great start. After that I added exercise and healthy eating. This made me feel better which helped me mentally and physically. I lost weight and begin to enjoy exercise. This helped more with self esteem. I continued with therapy. With sobriety and honesty I could actually make progress with this. Forcing myself to be more social visit more people get closer to family and friends witb sober conversation made a big difference. Being active in the online recovery communities here at reddit has also helped...Each of these things alone is only a small step but all added up over the last six years to a a completely different life than the thirty years I spent drinking and making things worse. Sobriety is only the start but the most critical step of all. Not drinking with you today!
Oh wow. That sounds just like how I felt and still feel...My alcoholic ego is massive. I self medicated  to try to lessen that and we all know the process of how that turns out...I just have to accept this is a part of me on a daily basis. When I do so I am better able to shift the balance toward the spiritual present rather than letting that ego have the control which will ultimately lead to my drinking...It does get better but it took me patience true introspection and listening ears. ..I had to come to grips with just being in the present. I have to shut that voice up in social situations. I listen more intently. I do not try to meet the expectations that I perceive have been assigned to me. I really try not to care about what others see me as and then by some miracle I see that the roles I have been assigned my entire life well some are indeed true and some are not. I am okay with that. ..It's a difficult process but to me it sounds like you are on the right path. IWNDWYT.
I also have a huuuuge  unworthiness  and self loathing complex. And I also crave validation and acceptance from others. And I base my self worth on what they think of me. Finding out someone didn't like me led to severe depression and benders. ..I'm slowly but surely getting better but it hasn't been easy. For me getting outside of myself has helped. I mean acts of service. Volunteer at detox centers. Feed the homeless. Be an activist for causes you believe in. When I do  respectable  things there is a little ding that happens internally and I respect myself a little more. This is slowly filling the  self love bank . Hang in there!
I tell that voice to *SHUT THE FUCK UP!*
This could have been about me. At six months in things are juuuust starting to be vaguely ok and it's got to the point where I can hear the voices clearly and distinctly and on the days where I have a good day I can see those awful critical voices trying to take me down and observe them in real time. That they're now distinct seems to be the first step in actively fighting them. I suspect it'll be a long battle but for the first time ever I'm hopeful. Good luck with your struggle. 
Shame and self-loathing definitely drove me to drink and ended up making it worse at its worst. ..That's why I'm being kind of protective of myself and have spent my days trying to not drink alcohol drink water eat decent and move. Definitely making a difference every day. I've pulled back from some invites if I start getting any negative feelings about going...including wanting to drink. ..That self loathing is always lurking but I overall think it's gotten better with not drinking...People tell me that anyway...That being said I just started therapy for the 1st time today...geez I think I had diarrhea of the mouth about so much...but I felt better after just establishing care. There were underlining reasons why I drank and glad to start being kinder to myself...Cheers to you for sharing...I get it!!..IWNDWYT 
I have a similar issue with anxious racing thoughts. .I really honestly struggle to turn them off without chemical assistance. ..It's no longer an option so what else is out there? ..I use a LOT of activity to keep myself distracted. Work working on a side gig doing political stuff (like rallies and so on) watching TV and movies taking walks cleaning and chores little hobbies and fun stuff (I can't tell if you might like this but online gaming is something many mention as a way to escape either self loathing anxiety boredom or cravings. I don't game but I love Polyvore and making fashion boards and stuff it's *like* gaming!) ..I too struggle with unwanted intrusive thoughts and the thing is drinking to make it go away is like chemo that makes cancer *worse*. The problem is still there *and* you're hurting your body and mind trying to make it stop! ..Good luck I'm feeling you on this and rooting for you and me :)
This post and comments are so insightful. Totally. If for no other reason than it slows my progress of feeling calm and whole that's a reason to abstain 
