-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7u1p0i/allen_carrs_never_ever_doubt_your_decision/

I've read Allen Carr's *Easy Way to Control Alcohol* (and peruse it when necessary) and believe it to be accurate for my situation. I know from having quit smoking years ago that his philosophy in  regard to that addiction is spot on. But unlike nicotine (and I am fortunate in this respect) alcohol does not hold a *physical* addiction for me. The first day it would be easier to drink than not to but the struggle is not overwhelming nor all consuming as it was with nicotine. And so unlike with nicotine when the thoughts resurface to drink again there is a conflict but it's subtle and thus convincing. ..My question is has anyone experienced something similar and found the trick to apply Carr's "never ever doubt your decision"? It's a mental switch I just haven't found. Again I agree with the points throughout the book and yet doubt my decision to quit again and again. Maybe there are secondary sources out there that reinforce the points in other contexts (the science of brainwashing psychology of advertising society and personal behavior etc. ) or maybe something else I'm unaware of...Thanks. I stated that I agree with the points throughout the book but this one is the crux of the struggle and leaves me floundering. 
----------immediate responses--------

I haven't read the book but I don't think that would click too much with me either. I like the "one day at a time" approach--if I commit to more than that it feels like too much sometimes. Maybe "never ever doubt your decision" not to drink today. 
The target audience is problem drinkers.  The book says they should not drink and doubting that decision creates pain...From my perspective if you're trying to accomplish something doubt does not help that.  It's saying 'I don't have to go through the rationalization process again just know I'm doing the right thing.'..Also this book was written by an accountant.  There are some logical errors in the book/method.  'This Naked Mind' is now the recommended reading although I was a big easy way fan myself.  :)
I haven't read the book but I have basically lived by that same thought pattern. I refuse to rethink my decision to stop drinking. It's one of the few decisions I've been like this with and I think what clicked was once I tasted sobriety it was so much better than drinking. 
