-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7u27q4/reccomendations_for_supplementsother_aids_for/

Hello! I had some success last year at quitting for almost a month and I was feeling good. Since I relapsed I've been having a really hard time putting days together and if anything my drinking and anxiety has noticeably escalated. ..Has anyone had any luck with supplements/vitamins/cbd/essential oils in dealing with cravings and anxiety? Any other recommendations welcome!..Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

That happened to me too - earlier in my life I was able to quit drinking for a week or so and I didn't love it but I could do it. Then came the day where I tried to give it up for a week and found that I couldn't. I've since learned that for many people drinking is a progressive problem - over time it gets worse never better. ..Earlier on I drank a sleepytime tea with Valerian root which I felt helped me sleep a bit. I currently take a GABA supplement which is supposedly good for anxiety - I truly do not know if it does ANYTHING (and I am NOT a doctor) but for what it's worth I take it!
I take passionflower extract for anxiety and find it to be very helpful. You can get it on Amazon or at a health food store - usually comes as a tincture that you dissolve in a few ounces of water (found a new use for shot glasses lol). I've found it can (though not always) have a slightly sedative effect so if you're trying it for the first time I'd use it at night. 
[removed]
On the supplements note I found this article on [supplements](http://fit-recovery.com/alcohol-withdrawal-vitamins-supplements-detox-recovery/) useful...I'm on a morning combination of:..  1 x Multivitamin.  1 x Vitamin B and 1 x Vitamin C.  1 x Glutamine..I got a lot of these in Holland and Barrett (a UK chain) and getting them with their 1p deal meant I had enough to do me a few months...I don't know it might be psychosomatic but I find that morning ritual helps. Plus it's a hell of a lot cheaper than the alcohol I was putting away!.
Thin Oreos for cravings. 20 minutes of daily meditation for anxiety. CBD oil for sleep.
