-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ubdz6/i_am_absolutely_miserable/

I could use some help guys and gals. I'm just miserable. I get hammered every single day and I'm sick to death of it. My performance at work is struggling significantly. I look horrible. I smell horrible. I feel horrible. I was doing OK for a while a while back but slipped back into my old habits for no particular reason. I'm an alcoholic and I'm only 23. This stuff is going to kill me. My room is a mess. My car is a mess. I'm a mess. I tried going to AA for a while but couldn't hack the god stuff. I can't tell anyone because I hide it. I need help but don't know how to ask. I don't know how to live without alcohol. I desperately want to take the first step. To get over the temptation. To have just one day sober and work from there. I want to clean my house and do dishes but even that gives me anxiety. I know it's a vicious cycle. I am anxious and depressed because I drink I drink because I'm anxious and depressed. I want to get better. I want to be a good uncle to my nephew and a good son to my parents. I just can't seem to shake the booze but I need to. I'm afraid I'm going to lose my job because I'm glum and hungover and unproductive. ..I really do apologize for rambling. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you thought about inpatient treatment?
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked Hesitancy about AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober.  There is no requirement to have a God or believe in God.   I actually found my "reservations" about it were unfounded. ..I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!
Hi! Welcome! We've all been in a similar position to the one you're in. ..That said AA is not the only way to kick this shit. I personally don't agree with AA and it didn't quite do the trick for me. I found this subreddit to be an amazing source of support and those from this group recommended the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. Honestly the book for me was a huge game changer in the way I view alcohol. It has made all the difference for me...I stopped cold turkey after I hit my rock bottom. I went to a doctor to make sure I could stop like that and not jeopardize my health. Everything was a-okay and I took the time to detox and re-evaluate my life. I started immediately trying new things to challenge myself I started meditating exploring and trying new things just generally building a new life while putting the prior one in the grave. .Good luck to you!
Please know you are not alone. And do not be sorry for rambling. That is what we are all here for. When you say you "can't" tell anyone where is that "can't" coming from? Is it fear/shame that makes you want to keep it a secret? Because you can tell someone it is just a terrifying thought right now. I find it helpful to have someone to talk to not just about the struggles but also about my successes. When I reach a new milestone I want to share it. ..Have you at least considered talking to your doctor? They may be able to help you form a plan to quit be it inpatient or outpatient care and follow you while you detox to make sure you do it safely. I have depression and anxiety as well and have benefited from seeing a counsellor. ..Congratulations on reaching out and I hope you are able to find what you need to begin this journey. Will be watching for updates to see how you are doing. 
Hi!  I was right there last Friday!..This Naked Mind is a good read. It is written specifically for you. If you pick it up don't skip the prologue or introduction! I always used to just start at chapter 1 of books but it turns out that they write that stuff for a reason.  ;o)..For myself someone challenged me to go JUST 7 days. Almost there!  I am positive I can do JUST 7 days.  After that I may well commit to another seven. Because in just five days and four nightss wow.  The difference is real...So far I'm just using this sub for support but because of this sub I did learn about Refuge Recovery and SMART Recovery.  Neither use the absolutist dogmatic "You are helpless pray and God will save you" approach.  Both are free donate what you can like AA...Refuge is Buddhist.  They believe that addiction and Mindfulness are opposites and work to exercise and strengthen mindfulness.  They sit on the floor...SMART is science-based and designed to evolve with science. Wikipedia says they are currently using a blend of three styles of therapy that have shown the best results in studies...One of these might be for you?  I don't know...
I got a PS4 to distract myself and it works great as i never associate drinking with gaming and my main problem is bad habits and "boredom".
If you get anxious about cleaning I recommend the Unf*ck Your Habitat website. Cleaning is a small way of caring for yourself but it can be hard to start if you are feeling overwhelmed. You seem very despondent. Looking back I see that drinking every evening affected my ability to problem solve and I got into quite a dark place. Is there some way you can make plans that will help you to avoid drinking for the next few days to give yourself a break? 
Virtual hugs... I wish I had some thoughtful insightful things to say to make it better. I don't.. just a sincere wish that you will fight this battle and win! 
Hey u/AnyScrew how are you doing? 
