-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ubkhg/it_is_like_escaping_a_hostage_situation_im_never/

I've never actually said "Never".  I was taught not to.  I'm hungover.  I get a few days here or there.  I'm a chronic relapser with a bipolar mind that once feels better convinces me I can deal with booze.  It is like my own self-sabatoging unconscious has me held hostage.  I have to quit both cigs and booze because if I do one the craving comes for the other.  I want to be healthy and free.  Do you think a person who escaped war or a hostage situation any of that would like to revisit?  Most do not.  Dad wouldn't even take us anywhere near the ocean or a tropical place because of Vietnam.  I want out but will need a lot of help.  My badge reset is requested.  I'm about to become a real pain in all your asses from clinging to this sub.  I have one sober friend I can call on too.  These are my cloudy thoughts.  I have too much life left and I'm not wasting another day feeling like this.  Nope.  Without sobriety I will seriously not last much longer; if not by suicide a car wreck accidental overdose or like several hero's of mine; getting sober in prison.  Don't drink today - if you've escaped run rabbit run.....
----------immediate responses--------

This sub is a great resource.  You can do this!  We're here for you.
Glad to see you're coming back. When I quit smoking no told myself over and over "if you give into temptation now one day you will look back on this attempt to quit from a hospital bed and wonder where you'd be had you not given in"
I'm on day 24 and you summed up how I feel exactly.  I feel free now.  I'm NEVER going back to alcohol.  Annie Grace's book This Naked Mind helped me a ton!  ..You can do it!  We will be here with you!.I will not drink with you today!
It's hard as fuck. We have the same reasons for quitting. It starts out nicely and then you start to see why you drank and smoked. Your brain tricked you before by making you feel better and you relapsed but when you don't it gets really tough it's a real war. Good luck.
Was just thinking about this last night. My physical cravings are much more geared towards nicotine; drinking has more of a psychological &amp; emotional pull. The two are so inextricably intertwined for me that I gotta kick smoking in order to maintain my sobriety. Adios muchachos!
I will run with you..IWNDWYT .
I don't think never is a bad word. I said never nearly seven months ago and it's been a huge help to me. Never means the decision is made. You don't have to let yourself debate it ever again. Make the decision one time. Do the work to support that decision every day because work can only happen day by day. But I don't think it's bad to make the decision: Never again. It's comforting for me. It's a relief. 
Hi PeacefulAF     .I will gladly sit with you today and share a spot.  It's good to know your here.  I will not drink with you 
You got this! The last couple times I quit drinking (didn't last long; 18 and 21 days respectively) I smoked like crazy the whole time and felt like shit because of it. This time I'm realizing that they are inextricably linked and that I need to quit both. It's only been a couple days but quitting smoking is in a lot of ways harder than quitting booze (at least at this point). I've been vaping which I also want to quit and got some nicotine gum yesterday to help me quit that as well. IWNDWYT
Yo! Good to hear your decision; don't forget if you give your addictions all the attention then they get all the power. On thing that helped my recovery to this point is replacing the time I was drinking/smoking with everything else I loved in life; and not feeling guilty for doing this. You need to shrink the power of alcoholism so it's dwarfed by everything else you love in life; that could range from just sleeping through to planning a holiday or learning a new skill. Everything else you do not do and want to do in life can fill the void of addiction and become larger than the addiction. If you feel empty then seek out something or someone you love and allow yourself to feel without fear. 
Yay Peaceful! Cling on to this sub like glue sweetie...we're hear for ya.  I did that crazy dance of trading ciggies with booze over and over. I admire your resolve...I will not drink with y'all today 
