-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ubzib/first_day/

Hello everyone this is my first post to this subreddit and actually reddit as a whole. I've struggled with drinking for over a year and a half now and currently it's as bad as it's ever been. I rarely go a day without drinking and typically when I drink I blackout because I can't stop myself...I don't think I'm capable of drinking in moderation and that's something I've foolishly tricked myself into thinking several times. Hence why I've never really gotten any better. At this point it's starting to really negatively affect my personal relationships with friends and my SO. I'm so tired of waking up in the morning having to ask everyone what happened the night before and realizing that yes I did make an ass of myself again last night and yes I was a raging cunt. ..The last thing I want to do is to hurt the people I love but clearly I haven't been doing a very good job of that. I've not been good to them recently and they're worried for my health. I can't lose them so I'm going to do everything that I can to be better...So here I am. I'm really hoping that by putting this out there and trying to join this community I can hold myself more accountable and quit drinking. It's not helping me in any way if it's doing anything it's sucking the happiness and goodness from my life...So hello everyone. I look forward to hopefully a sober future and I will gladly not drink with you today!.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey! Glad to see you stop by. There is so much support here it is truly a great place. You're taking the first steps that's huge. I found that moderation is a joke in my case. (I literally thought that drinking from a cup rather than right from bottle was better somehow. Yeah alcohol is a tricky a-hole) not drinking at all has made great improvements in just 30 days for me. I believe in you! I will not drink with you today  
I'm new here today too.  I will not drink with you today!
Welcome to the club! Get yourself a badge and start counting the days. Embracing the concept that *moderation is an illusion* is one of the most important steps I made towards quitting for good!
Cool be ready for changes day three I fell asleep on my kitchen floor whilst cooking supper! Woke up a butterfly
