-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7udbr3/3_days_sober_and_struggling_through_the_evenings/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Kudos for three days!! Feeling bad is normal during early sobriety. That's why I got all the help I could find. I started by getting a therapist. She nudged me onto the road to recovery. I went to rehab outpatient treatment and AA. Eventually the joy comes in abundance. ..Going it alone is lonely. Sobriety is easier and more fun with help. 
Have you tried going to a meeting yet? It is very comforting to meet people who understand what you are going through. It will help with your loneliness. Even though you may not have many physical symptoms the roller coaster of emotions you are experiencing are still probably a result of withdrawal. Symptoms usually *peak* 42-72 hours after your last drink. I didn't feel completely "normal" until about 7 days. I was extremely irritable and anxious during the first week of sobriety. Keep meditating!
I can relate to some of what you're saying. People I thought were friends have disappeared now I'm not drinking. One in particular who I thought I was close with has consistently cancelled our plans to the point where I haven't bothered to get in contact anymore. It sucks...but it opened my eyes to the fact that I was wasting emotional energy on someone who only seemingly feels comfortable with me when we're three bottles of wine deep. I don't need that and I deserve better. So do you. ..Early sobriety for me brought more time to fill. When I was drinking I'd complain that I didn't have enough time for stuff (because I was either drunk or hungover) but once I stopped drinking the evenings seemed to last forever. I didn't know what to do with myself and I felt frustrated - I reasoned that when I was drinking at least I was 'doing' something. This passed after a few weeks once I rediscovered old hobbies and interests. 
Like others have suggested going to AA meetings helped me a ton by introducing me to a community of people who had the same goal as me when it came to alcohol. I too was pretty nervous about going but I forced myself to go. Going to those meetings was the first time I felt hope in a long time because I met people who had been sober for 5 10 20 years and seemed to be living happy productive lives. ..The other thing is to just be patient. Three days while a hell of an achievement is a blip in the long-term when you think about your brain chemistry and what you have been putting your body through over the years. Antidepressant meds just don't work when you're drinking so you have that to look forward to in the coming weeks/months. Just keep doing what you're doing in terms of eating exercising meditating etc. because it will definitely start to pay off. Glad you're here!
