-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ufl0p/posting_for_accountability_i_thought_about/

I'm out at a restaurant and I saw a server pouring two glasses of wine. I've already been feeling like crap today so I just looked at this wine lustfully. I could remember the taste. I could remember that fuzzy warm feeling of that alcohol being in my brain. I could remember the sweet release of freedom from all these goddamn feelings. ..Today is the 9th anniversary of my father's death and I'm of course still dealing with my Mom's passing 3 months ago. I've struggled with being 30 and having both of them gone. I have no siblings. No blood family within driving distance. I feel like such a big part of my life and history is gone and I am going to be all alone in this journey. I don't feel strong enough right now. ..I also am still processing the trauma of my Mom's last months. Her psychotic episodes in the hospital. Her emotional abuse towards me while I was her caregiver. All I want to do is love her and grieve her in a normal way and I hate that I am angry and resentful instead. ..I have friends of course and they've been wonderful. They talk me through it they make me laugh and get me out of the house and distract me. I could lean on them more than I do but I'm afraid of becoming the sad fucked-up friend who is a burden. ..It's ironic that I have 600 days sober. 9 years ago tomorrow I was laying on my kitchen floor crying and screaming incoherently after drinking a bottle of brandy. That was Day 1 of my alcoholism. ..I feel weak but I know that I will not drink today. Sometimes I feel like my faith in my ability to stay sober is the only fucking thing I have. I feel protected by it. I see the badge counter go up and I can't help but be astounded. Maybe I am not alone. Maybe there is something greater keeping me going another day. ..I won't drink with you today. Perhaps I'll blast some angry death metal and then take a hot bath. Sounds like a good sober night. ..Stay strong friends. I need all of you and you all inspire me and keep me coming back. Love to you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

I cannot imagine what you are going through. My parents are also getting older and one day they will pass. I hope to have the strength you possess to stay sober when I go through that storm as well. Maybe there is something greater keeping us sober. I have thought that before and even felt it. It's hard for me to ask for help from friends too even when I most desperately need it. My heart is with you and even though I don't know you. I can feel your story.
I am so sorry you're going through all this. I lost my dad at 30 years old too. And I am also an only child. We are all here for you and you have an amazing amount of time racked up. Good of you to open up and be so vulnerable and share what you're feeling. I get it. ..You *are* strong you are *not* alone and you can do this. Be well. &lt;3 
There's this quote that has helped me realize there's a place for grief sadness etc..."Despair takes us in when there's nowhere to go."..Allowing yourself to feel the despair and process it. Even better sober!..I'm sorry you're sad.  
paint it black if you have to just don't drink! endless hugs. stay strong for yourself. You never know when an opening will appear 
I am proud of you.  That does not easy at all and in fact makes me feel sad for you.  No one deserves to go through that.  Not drinking makes you stronger and it is normal to think about alcohol at some points.  I like to drink a tasty La Croix when I am feeling down.
lots of hugs 
I feel for your grief. It is hard enough to lose a parent and to lose too is so very very hard. And when the loss is as complex as your mother's passing it is a lonely place to be. It is good there are friends that are there for you - and that you are also being there for yourself. And that there is something larger at work in your life that is also keeping the balloon of your hopes for yourself aloft. May you be wrapped in the unconditional love of fellow travellers on your road always..
Sending you positive thoughts to stay strong. I'm sure your friends don't mind you leaning on them keep reaching out when you need to. My parents died 11 months apart when I was 37. My Dad drank himself to death so like you I had mixed feelings about that. I lived in the middle of nowhere and took up running no-one can see you cry on the trail and it sorted my head out a lot. Trained for a marathon over 6 months one and done..I will not drink with you today 
Stay strong. It sounds like you have been through a lot of pain but we all know that alcohol lies to us and tries to make us belief that it provides warmth and comfort. Lean on your friends. I am sure the road feels lonely now but we will always be here for you..
Beautiful post. I can feel your pain through it. My sincere condolences on your losses. I really relate to your statement about sobriety being the only thing to hold onto sometimes.
