-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ulyy5/welp_i_showed_up_to_work_drunk_and_now_i_could/

Well I had a relapse this past friday. Showed up to work drunk. Now I am suspended without pay while HR reviews my blood. ..My manager has called almost every day to check on me...My work friends are worried. This is my first offense..I am going to therapy per the corporate assistance program as HR handles my case...My therapist says I have possibly been self medicating bipolar syndrome and PTSD...PLEASE pray for me. I don't wanna lose my job. Anyone who can share stories and words of affirmation who have gone through this...would be much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear that. I can only imagine the stress and anxiety you're going through right now :(..I can't say I will pray for you because I'm not religious but I most definitely **hope from the bottom of my heart** that things will turn out ok for you and that you won't lose job...Wishing you all the best &lt;3
:( ..I'm so sorry you're going through this man that's seriously unpleasant. I hope it works out okay for you and it sounds like you've got great supportive co-workers. 
I'm so sorry    .I will pray for you. And trust me it will work out somehow. Things always get better. Plus if you stay sober you will never have problems like this..I will not drink with you today friend  
Thinking about you Fauxpher. I'm sorry you're going through this. I hope you come out clean on the other side. IWNDWYT &lt;3
Sending good thoughts your way.
I'm sorry that happened to you.  It's nice that your friends and it sounds like your manager are in your corner.  I blacked out (more than once) at after work functions.  The dread I felt was unbelievable.  I didn't lose my job though I easily could have.  When I quit I said nothing but I believe word got around regardless.  It was nice to know that people cared about my well-being though instead of whispering behind my back.  That's why support was helpful to me.
Were you drunk or just really hungover? I've showed up to work hungover stinking of beer. My supervisor pulled me aside and told me to stay clear away from the higher ups. Sorry to hear that and hope it works out for you. 
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked my pre-conceived notions about AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober...I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Not sure how it is done where you are or the policy relating to your job.  I have been involved in a number of disciplinary meetings.  Firstly we look for guilt next is the outcome which is based on honesty engagement in the process taking responsibility and so likelihood of reoccurrence. ..If you have a union ask them to give you advice.  Take tissues with you.  Also make notes of what you want to say and take it into the meeting...Answer any questions honestly (they'll ask when you consumed the  alcohol and how much) also if you've done it before...If I were in your position I'd say something like:.."I'm really sorry for being intoxicated when turning up to work I had drunk heavily the night before and was still over the limit.  I should have realised this and reported myself to my manager.".."I am sorry for the impact I've had on the team as they've had to cover my work and worry I've caused them also extra work I've caused you".."This has shown me that I have a problem with alcohol which I'm determined to tackle.  I have now stopped drinking using the corporate assistance started attending AA meetings and I'm getting an appointment with my doctor to look at medications to ensure I can't consume alcohol.".."If you are prepared to give me a second chance I am happy to comply with any conditions including paying for a breathalyser for testing before I start work and submit to tests anytime.  I love my job here and hope my stupidity hasn't ruined that.".."Finally I'd like to mention that my manager has called me most days which is above and beyond what I expect but that kindness has helped more than they can know".
Hey! I know how you feel! Seriously. Check my post history. Shit looks bad. But.... you have people that care about you even if you don't think so. Shit idk you and I care about you! Life has a funny way of shitting on us when it senses we are vulnerable. It's about getting back up realizing what made you vulnerable and working at it...It's never easy. God knows that's true. But it's possible. Every little inch forward in your mind is a foot forward in reality. Just know we are all here for you!..Stay sober stay healthy! :)
If you get fired maybe it's the wake up call you need.  Could be best thing that's ever happened to you. 
Alcoholism is a protected class under the ADA. Your mileage may vary but its worth talking to a lawyer about it. You could save your job.. http://warshawskylawfirm.com/lawyer/2011/12/12/Employment_Law/Is_Alcoholism_A_Protected_Disability_Under_The_Americans_With_Disabilities_Act_(ADA)__bl3124.htm
I'm so sorry. ..Have you always known you were bipolar? I have a strong suspicion that a lot of drinkers are bipolar and almost all bipolar people have or are drinkers...I'm not trying to zone in on that fact but it's absolutely true that if you do have bipolar the first thing you need to do is focus on treating that. Otherwise the drinking will continue during periods of mania. I think it will also help your case at work as it is a disability and really this outbreak can be considered as a "symptom."..Wish you the best
We love you. Stay strong.
No matter what happens everything WILL be ok. You are facing the sun. Everyone fucks up but you are NOT a fuckup. There are bumps on the sober path. Treat them as affirmation that you are on the right one. Sending hugs and positive thoughts your way! LOVE YOU! 
Welp ladies and gentlemen it's official. I have been fired.
