-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7um24t/struggling_to_quit/

Hi all..I just stumbled upon this Subreddit while doing some (hungover) research on how to quit drinking. I've tried to quit many times and have always failed. I went to one AA meeting a couple of years ago and really disliked the vibe. The book "Rational Recovery" has been somewhat helpful to me in cutting back the frequency of my binges but I still binge 1-2 times a week...I have driven drunk 100's of times and have been thrown in jail twice for alcohol-related incidents. I know I'm incapable of moderation and that if I keep drinking it's only a matter of time before I end up dead or incarcerated...I guess I'll stop there for now. Glad to find this forum. I'm going to hit up the check-in thread now and keep reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Hanging out here was one of the best decisions I made when I decided to stop drinking. The support and stories really make a difference. I encourage you to drop by this thread and read often.
Feel you bud I will not drink with you today 
I give AA almost all the credit to my sobriety thus far...What was it about the vibe? Are you willing to give it another shot?
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked my pre-conceived notions about AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober...I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
When I had enough of the bullshit that alcohol brings to ones life I made a decision that a drug was no longer going to control my actions my life that it served no useful meaning in my life. I found this sub I go to AA I hang with sober people I changed a lot of my daily activity's. Nothing changes unless I change it!   
Welcome! This sub is great. If you haven't gotten the book yet read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. If you're not into AA you can check out SMART Recovery or Refuge Recovery. SMART has a workbook you can buy lots of online resources and online meetings as well as in-person meetings. ..I come here every day for inspiration and it's especially useful when you really want a drink and need a distraction or encouragement to not pick up. ..IWNDWYT!
Thanks for the replies and support...The closest AA meeting in my area is unabashedly Christian - reciting the Lord's Prayer etc. - and I'm not into that. I consider myself a very logical pragmatic person (when not drinking) and based on my research on AA I haven't found much to compel me to think it's generally effective. I understand that it does work for some people but anecdotal evidence isn't enough to sway me...So I don't think I'd be willing to give AA another go at this time. However I am committed--more than I ever have been in the past--to giving up drinking for good and am seeking out other tools and support to help me. I took the "crash course in AVRT" today via the link on this forum for example and felt that I internalized the concepts on a deeper level than I previously had. I'm also considering make an appointment with a therapist to see if I can get some professional help with tackling my drinking problem...This all being said I do wonder if AA would be a good way to make sober friends. (All my current friends are drinking buddies.) But I don't know if I could make the social aspect work given my skepticism of the tenets of the program.
