-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7umvn3/if_i_hadnt_taken_antabuse_last_night_i_would_have/

If you're on the edge like I am you might want to skip reading this. It's these thoughts I'm having that seem to always result in me drinking again. I don't want them to make you see the 'positives' in drinking and give in to the bottle...I'm on Day 3 today and I so badly wish I hadn't taken antabuse yesterday. It affects me noticeably for 2-3 full days after so the very soonest I would be able to drink again is Saturday and even then I run the risk of becoming at least mildly ill...Not to mention antabuse for me seems to destroy the 'high' of it. There is no up side to drinking on antabuse...Yet I want to drink SO bad...I'm not asking anyone to convince me not to drink - I already know I won't because of the drug. ..I'm just wondering... how do I get out of this mindset? What do I do so that I WOULDN'T drink if I was in this situation without antabuse?..As it is now everything feels dull and bland and pointless and irritating. Alcohol helped me get lost in my escapes be it a book or a video game or something else. Without it I feel like I just can't get INTO anything. I can't just let go and relax and be content...I know that sounds mild but I struggle with depression and it's hard enough for me to get into things as it is. ..Yesterday night I made a very long list of all the positives of not drinking. Today after work I took my laptop and sat down at a coffee shop for two hours just to be out of my normal drinking environment. I'm *trying* but nothing is helping...I'm full of irritability unmotivated and feel like I'm on the outside of whatever I'm doing at the time and looking in. I don't bother looking forward to getting off work because there's nothing to look forward to at the end of the day. Same as every other time I've tried to stop drinking...Even the things that I did before I would start drinking in the evenings like writing don't sound appealing even though I always did them sober. It's like being able to drink after was the reward. Now there's nothing to anticipate except crawling into bed and repeating the same day tomorrow. (Yes I know this is what I was doing with alcohol in the equation too but at least it came with some good feelings.)..I know I'm only on Day 3 but this happens EVERY TIME I try to stop drinking whether it lasts a day a week or (my current best in the last year) three weeks. ..I see all the posts here about how good people feel just a few days/few weeks into sobriety how much BETTER life is and I'm happy for you don't get me wrong but I don't understand. ..I would never make it beyond 2-3 days without antabuse - yet I also wonder if it's the antabuse that eventually keeps me from going longer than 2-3 weeks. Do I just want a drink this badly because I KNOW I can't? ..I feel like nothing can replace that short-lived yet euphoric calm. Is it possible to feel that content without drinking? ..No matter how many positive things there are the one thing I can't come up with a counterpoint for is the *feeling* of that buzz. What non-drinking positive can replace that?..All these thoughts I've expressed in this post - this is what lead me back to drinking again. Every single time. Something needs to change but I don't know how to change it...When does it get better? How can I make it better? 
----------immediate responses--------

It takes time. It won't always be as hard as this moment. It takes 10 days to get out of your body; you are squarely in the thick of it. What can you do to stay busy?..Great job reaching out!
Try exercise. Get really into fitness. Lose weight. Build muscle. Sculpt your body into its full potential. It is a hobby and it is good for you. Get your diet in check. Go paleo. Go keto. Excercise will give you the high you are looking for. Go on a jog and run until the craving is less intense than the burn and pain in your body. When you get back you will get the runner's high. Drink a crap ton of water.
I can understand. I am on month 8 and I was more active while drinking. At least then I had a reason to go out. Now all I do is sit around trying to occupy my time. I really like drinking but it destroyed everything at the same time. ..I have tried different anti depressants but none worked. They made me feel worse so I gave up on them. I always read how great everyone feels. I don't feel it sometimes I think I do but it is a fleeting moment. At least I am not throwing up and shaking. It is easy to forget the terrible times and only remember the good...I guess I will stay sober for at least today and then tomorrow I probably will not drink as well. I can't go anywhere but up from here. 
i struggle with depression too. when i was first introduced to drinking after work it was like heaven. sudden excitement calm and joy at the end of every day. it was good. for a while. a long while. then slowly over the years i got addicted. ..i no longer know how to feel good and calm myself down or enjoy things without it. i think we have to learn again. i think we can't learn again if we keep drinking. i think for me it will take time. i decided it has to be ok to be bored or mildly dissatisfied for a while. so what. the thing is alcohol makes depression worse. and then temporarily relieves it. then makes it worse. i think while drinking or quitting every few days or weeks we cannot really even know what our mental state is like. we are either on the drug or withdrawing from it.   i want to get past that to see what my brain is like by itself. ..in the meantime exercise and meditation and podcasts and hot baths and more exercise 
