-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7upgen/feeling_triggery_and_alone_tonight/

How're my fellow addicts doing? Anybody else struggling a bit today?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm struggling a bit today. It's Friday evening here. In the past I would be 4 beers deep now with plenty more to come. While I don't exactly want a drink I want  *something* you know?..I'm only a month in this is the longest stretch I have made in over 20 years. I'm feeling proud and hopeful and strong. I know I won't drink tonight but what worries me is how will I react when I want that *something* a month from now? Or two months? I need to prepare practice playing the tape forward finding other sources of joy or novelty taking it one day at a time. It will pass...I'm with you tonight! Fight the good fight you're worth it.  IWNDWYTonight!
I just had a long hot bath -- one of my favorite things to do. I also finds that it helps me sleep which is still something I sometimes struggle with. ..Sorry you're feeling triggery. Do you have any good snacks at home or is there a comedy you could watch?
Yeeeep. I used a weird tactic today to keep from buying wine and from convincing my fianc  to pick me up a bottle... I just had to literally forcefully pretend it didn't exist. Literally the equivalent of sticking my fingers in my ears and going "lalalalalalala I CAN'T HEAR YOU!"..Bizarre as heck. But the liquor stores are closed now and I'm dry...I'm still hella anxious though and I want to just end my night and go to sleep to pass the time... How about you? 
The past two weeks has been an everyday struggle. I don't have a badge but I'm over 200 days not drinking and 28 days completely sober. ..I don't really have any advice for you to not drink. Everyone is going to tell you to be kind to yourself and treat yourself and they're right. Honestly though... just don't drink. It'll hurt more than anything you've done in a while to reset that badge. ..You posted for a reason and that's enough. You won't drink. Stay strong.  Watch a movie read a book eat a box of cheez-its. ..IWNDWYT
Night times are the worst. I went for a walk to the store and grabbed some spicy chai tea (I find strong tasting drinks help) some cookies to snack on and I downloaded DuoLingo and I'm working on learning a new language (Italian). It asks you how much time you want to commit to your lessons and challenges you to do X amount of days in a row. I've always wanted to learn a language and drinking got in the way of that..This is the perfect activity to do alone! .Then with all the money I'm saving from not drinking it's going towards a trip to Italy. So that's my motivation for not drinking and sticking to my new hobby. 
