-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7upt9z/friday/

Happy Friday folks. I think this weekend is going to be my toughest one since beginning sobriety...I got offered a job yesterday that I had been terrified about applying for and interviewing for. I am absolutely ecstatic that I've been offered it and in terms of my career it's big big big news...There's a part of me that has been rationalising 'celebrating'. My friends have said that we absolutely have to and we have plans to go for lunch on Sunday and I know they will expect me to drink to celebrate. I already have a drawing class lined up for Sunday evening and I know I will massively regret spoiling this brilliant feeling with a hangover and the shame. But I'm still struggling to feel strong...I'm sure there will be a lot of dry January posters like me who will find this weekend hard. Just looking for some support :) have a great day guys. 
----------immediate responses--------

 I'm excited for you! A new job is awesome and I hope it takes you where you want to go. As for the drinking part I'm right there with you. We've got this!
Congrats on the new job! Maybe order yourself the most outrageous food item on the menu - something you've always wanted to try but though "nahhh that's really expensive" - because whatever you don't spend on alcohol you can add to the cost of a cheaper meal in your head and probably still figure you've come out in front! And dessert do that. Do TWO desserts! And mocktails. with umbrellas. or smoothies or the fanciest coffee in the house. And look forward to your drawing class - itself a really great reward for your persistence in being sober :).
Disappointing your friends can be hard but they will get over it. Disappointing yourself however can quickly lead to a downward spiral. It's easy to convince ourselves that we will drink just this once it's a milestone a celebration something I've worked so hard for and I deserve it. No what you deserve is to treat yourself with patience respect and love. This is a life you are trying to build not destroy. Is that a little dramatic maybe. But it only takes one slip to fall back down the well again. Here is an article on [How to Let Go of Expectations and Opinions of Others](http://onewithnow.com/let-go-of-expectations/) and a TED Talk called [The Magic of Not Giving a F*@%](https://youtu.be/GwRzjFQa_Og). You have faced challenges before and won. You can do it again. Believe in yourself. 
I'm alongside you emerging from Dry January and wondering what next? I've done a lot of rationalising but for me I've decided that I need to stay on this path...There are bunch of us pushing onto 100 Days now that we have Dry January under our belts. You are welcome to join us.  ..We can do this together. I will not drink with you today.
Also congratulations on the new job!  
Rationalizing is the devil talking. Alcohol has never provided you with any true enjoyment and it's definitely not necessary to celebrate this wonderful new opportunity you've found!..Dealing with your friends can be done a few different ways. If you aren't ready to tell them you're done drinking you could easily lie. Say you went really hard the night before to make up for lost time in Dry January and need time to recover...Or you could just put it all out there for them too. It's up to you. Either way I'm really happy you've got a great new job lined up and you should DEFINITELY celebrate. Just maybe sans booze? You gotta learn how to do it someday!
