-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7urno4/drinking_has_kicked_up_alot/

Hello all this is my first post on this subreddit.  My alcohol consumption is way out of control and Im not sure how to deal with it. Ive never asked for help and Im not entirely sure why. Probably a mixture of pride and the shame of admitting I have a huge problem.  ..I usually drink half a bottle of bourbon a night so on average I'm clearing about 3 bottles a week. Its really embarrasing but its what I crave when I get off of work. Just pour some whiskey and play some video games. Im working on changing my life style and working out more but I end up relapsing almost immediately.  ..If anyone has advice I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there before. I know that feeling. Just a word of caution withdrawals from heavy alcohol consumption can be life threatening- so if there was ever a time in your life to ask for help now is the time. There is no shame in it. Feel pride in reclaiming your life. ..You have made a big step in coming here. This community has been an integral part of my recovery. The support is huge and knowing that you are not alone in this battle can be comforting. I hope to hear more about your journey.
Hey. Congratulations on finding this sub and posting.  I found that during my 1st week I would strive not to drink literally by the hour. My habit was get home from work and at 6:00 pour my first drink.  So when 6:00 rolled aroundI I DAID  to myself I will wait till 7 and then 8 etc until it was bedtime   Some days I could state that I would not drink that day but there were others I would take it by the hour. And here I am 5 months in.  IWNDWYT 
I found it IMPOSSIBLE to change my lifestyle and workout more when I'm drinking. The only way is to stop. After enough time alcohol drains what little willpower you had left into drinking more leaving little room for much else. In life there's no shame in admitting you have a problem or need help because it means you want to be better for yourself. This community is great to lurk in or post in. Somewhere along the line alcohol has lied to us all...Everyone is different so what works for you might not work for someone else. Reading about the subject of alcohol and alcohol abuse was what has helped me. Perhaps for you it starts with a visit to the doctor to talk to them. Maybe it's AA or SMART meetings. Maybe it's just going 7 days without a drink. Maybe it's reading? Hard to say hang in there and make today the first day of setting and following through with the intention not to drink. That said if you think you're drinking enough where withdrawing is going to be a problem definitely see a doctor before stopping.
Hey bro. Actually it has gotten soooo much easier. I hardly think of drinking alcohol at all now.  In fact I almost forgot it was my 5 months soberversery. Thanks for the follow up 
Great job on reaching out Fak! Please don't feel ashamed - we certainly didn't *ask* to have this dreaded disease. If anything I *applaud* you for coming here :)...Check [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3xckfo/how_did_you_get_through_the_first_few_days/) out!
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I overlooked my pre-conceived notions about AA and instead focused on hardwiring getting sober...I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Welcome. You're in the right place. Tons of good info. and support on the sidebar of this site...I would also recommend Smart Recovery as a way to learn more... ..Best of luck. IWNDWYT
That's awesome. I know you've got this. Let me know. I care! IWNDWYT or by the hour 
