-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uwhl4/stressed_and_close_to_relapse/

I feel like since I got sober I have felt a little bit invincible. It's like "Well now that I don't have alcohol slowing me down I can do that!" so I've pushed myself quite hard. It's been nice seeing what I'm capable of. Only I think I may have stretched myself a little too thin. ..February is probably going to be the busiest month of my life. I'm graduating college in April so they're really working us hard now. In addition to that I'm working two part time jobs (about 22 hours a week). This has been fine no biggie. But I've been repeatedly told that now is the time to apply for a job so I beat the rush of students that apply once they graduate. So I've been editing and revising my resume and cover letter and looking through website upon website for job postings in my field. On top of this I found out recently that my rent is rising (and I'm already spending 1200 a month on rent so I'm not prepared to go any higher than that) so I have to move out in the next month. Applying for jobs and apartment hunting have always been the two most anxiety-producing tasks for me and I tend to stay in one place at both jobs and apartments for the sole reason of not having to look for a new one. But here I am trying to juggle everything at once and it's like all of a sudden my brain is screaming "OKAY WOAH HOLD ON I can't handle all this!!". I bought sleeping pills recently because for the first time in years I'm having insomnia and I'm starting to have some pretty intense cravings for escape. ..I just feel like I've backed myself into a corner and I can't keep this up but I have no choice. I'm exhausted from being in my own head all the time and I just keep craving a few drinks and that sigh of relief that results. No matter how fleeting. Any advice on dealing with stress? 
----------immediate responses--------

Deep breaths!!.one day at a time .......... one hour at a time ...You are o close to 100.......... dont give in now !
Great question. First off that's a ton to have on your plate - I'm sorry things are so hectic...I've struggled with anxiety both before and during sobriety. I understand the temptation to finally relax with a drink right?? Haha it always sounded so good. And even though I knew it was logically incorrect I could never quite fully buy into that explanation...I would think "How do normal people manage all this stress?!?" And the answer I've found in my own life is that sometimes they simply don't... Sometimes I just need to disconnect from stress as much as I can as it's too much to take on at once. I'll try to take a day off work sleep in watch a movie - anything to recharge my batteries...I then try to arrange things in the order that they stress me out from most to least. Then I just bust ass to knock out the most stressful thing. Just ONE thing. I tell myself that if I can knock out that top dog I'll be okay...And then I often find success in accomplishing that first thing gives me a jolt of energy. Sometimes I can knock out one or two more things...Again just my experience. But the key for me has been taking small manageable actions NOT letting the cumulative stress overwhelm me. One thing at a time for me  
I've learned to stay mindful and not look too far down the road.  I also find that I manage stressful situations more effectively and with less anxiety than I ever did while I was drinking.  Being sober and not hungover puts you on your A game.  Trust yourself things will work out for the best. You can do this and be stronger for future challenges.
That's a lot going on. If you drink though you could loose some of it entirely--maybe the job search maybe a current job maybe some good grades you could've gotten. Because of that maybe it's worth cutting some things out strategically to preserve your mental health. Cut back on the job search or on hours at work maybe. Sometimes it pays off to go easy on yourself where you can. ..If you can't though you can still get through it. Soon enough you'll have a new place to live a degree and job prospects. When that time comes you'll be grateful to be sober. 
I think part of it is being honest with yourself about what alcohol does for you. The relief it provides is fleeting. The next day you'll wake up and you'll still have the same amount of stuff on your plate only now you'll have to deal with it with a hangover!  :) 
In addition to stressing out about the actual tasks in front of you - hunting for a place applying for jobs you're also stressing out about how you might drink again. ..Think about it - let's say you have three most pressing challenges  in front of you - finding a place to live applying for a job/getting a job and slipping up and drinking. At the moment you can eliminate one of those and make your life easier - decide that at this moment you solved one of your problems- you solved the problem of drinking. You solved it by deciding you truly don't want to drink and whenever your brain tells you you have a craving that's all it is - a craving that is trying to trick you into having that drink. So whenever your brain start trying to tell you you're craving you say - Yeah there is a craving right there and I am really glad that I already took take of that problem by deciding not to drink today/this week/this month. ..All the best. Let me know if you need a second opinion/help with your resume - I help people with their resume sometimes. 
Make sure you are gentle with yourself and give yourself some time each day doing something relaxing that you enjoy reading playing videogames going for a walk whatever.  I know you probably feel like there is no way you can squeeze that in with all you have going on but even a little bit like 20-30 minutes daily will make a huge difference in your quality of life and that extra peace will help you to handle your tasks more competently.  I know it's easier said than done.  Booze will make this harder for you not easier.  I will not drink with you today.
holy shit thank you for giving voice to what i am currently going through at this very moment...since quitting a month ago i've been addressing SO MANY FUCKING THINGS at once and taking care of all my former responsibilities plus more and trying to add other serious lifestyle changes and make meetings every day and apply for graduate schools and jobs and go to the gym and clean up and support my friends and family and i just keep running and multitasking in ways i was never able to when i was still using...the point is i feel like when i am not doing several things to better myself i feel like i'm failing and that's a scary place to be because unmet expectations are easily turned into excuses to use in my book. ..i'm tired. i've been through a lot. i need to give myself a break before i actually break under the pressure of it all...feeling day-to-day emotions without drinking is hard on it's own. going through them AND staying on top of life is a balancing act i haven't figured out yet and that's okay.
My advice is to ask yourself how much of this you'd even know you have to deal with if you drink for a bit.  You'd probably be stuck in paragraph 2 maaaaybe getting to the second sentence of it...So... does it suck and make it go away... no but at least it's there :)..I'm grateful to have problems that aren't lying to myself lying to my wife or where and when I am going to drink alcohol and how am I going to try to do it in a manner that doesn't completely get me arrested or destroy my relationships with others.  Still stressed out with other stuff but man it's nice to have a different view for a while from the problem seat.
I am just about in the same predicament as you. I'm in school taking one class now but next week I start two. I'm a single mom of one and she plays sports so practices and games will be coming up 3-4 times a week. I've been taking on extra projects at work to get more exposure for better positions. I'm moving next month and need to start packing last month. Rent is also going up and there's a lot of things I need to buy for the new place and my credit card debt is rising while I'm trying to maintain my healthy credit score. I'm also working out everyday and trying to do so more instead of drink but it gets super overwhelming. Definitely feels like there's not enough hours in the day and I want to just get some food and drink at the end of each day or week. I've decided to try and take every moment as it happens not worry about the past it's gone and can't do shit about it. This one is harder but I try to not worry about the future (when how where cost schedule) anything. I try to focus on what I'm doing today look at my calendar to be organized and tackle it one by one. It's easier said then done but what helps the most is knowing I'm not perfect and not to be so hard on myself. It helps it lets me take a few steps back. Again easier said then done but just one day one event one issue at a time. Stay strong! 
Dude or dudette.You got this.  You managed all this kind of thing before but not with full use of your brain.  Drinking won't help you just mask the issues.  Below is what I would or have done...Firstly go for a walk this isn't to clear your mind but rather to let it work on the problem.  If you can drive jump on a bus or train and hit the seaside for 1/2 a day...You have to breakdown your problems (you did in your post) find your priorities and and work out solutions...My priority would be education future job income accommodation.  Below are some alternatives to think about but I know NOTHING about your your situation or how things work...You lack time can you speak to one or both your jobs and get a temp cut in hours? EVEN if this means getting into some debt?  Short term you'll soon have a better job or time to make up hours when you graduate (look for low interest debts not credit card unless interest free for a time)...Job applications what about paying for a service to do your CV for you or an agency?  Yes more out goings but if it gets you a job a week quicker you've got your money back...Housing Do you really have to move?  Ask about a small extension to your lease of 6 months or look to move with friends (I did family for a month at end of my course if I can do that ...)...
I would recommend just taking a few deep breaths and think about your next steps. Don't rush in to thinking you have to move right away just because of a rental increase. You only have 2 months left until you graduate so just focus on that. Save for a little bit longer so you have money for a damage deposit and movers without using too much of your savings..Pay a little extra in rent for the peace of mind that when you land a good job in a few months you'll locate to a better place closer to work. Why stress yourself out with the move now and then having the possibility of dealing with breaking a new lease depending on job prospects?.Stay where you are for now. It will be worth it. You'll be less stressed out. .And don't drink! You're in the busiest part of your life so why waste precious hours and money on alcohol? Your problems will still be there and all your doing is adding a hangover and increased anxiety to them. Not worth it. Stay strong and focus on the biggest goal of your life right now! I'm so proud of all you have accomplished!! You're doing so well for yourself. I know it feels like you'll break under this pressure but you're so much stronger than that! You just have to keep being strong. You will have a chance to rest soon but for now you gotta be strong xo
