-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uxndk/cant_stop_thinking_about_drinking/

I don't know why but for the past week or two (since I crossed the 100 day threshold) I've been thinking about drinking pretty much daily. ..I've been somewhat stressed at work and I feel like a drink would help take the  edge' off. But then I remember why I quit in the first place.  I deserve a relapse every once and a while  I tell myself. The back and forth is confusing and frustrating...And tonight I found myself standing in front of the cooler at the gas station looking at the beer selection. My better impulses got me out of there pronto but here I am still thinking about possibly drinking. ..Already ate a big meal and feel tired so I should just go to bed.  ..Tackling this one day at a time is the only reason I haven't relapsed yet.../endrant
----------immediate responses--------

I read a few weeks ago on hear about how there is expected late withdrawal systems around day 90 to 120. I am feeling the same way. 
You had a big win tonight. You literally stared at booze and said nope not tonight. ..I don't have any answers but I know thats huge. ..And tonight you went home sober. Tonight. ..Hold on to that that you did that today. Remember that. Remember today. You can do it again. Tomorrow will have other problems but remember that you did that today. And you can do it again. ..Im proud of you and I will not drink with you tonight. 
Twenty years ago when I was quitting smoking someone told me "If it's late and you're tired and you start getting tempted just go to bed." It was great advice for me then and I still use it now.
Don't let the 'tricksee' part of your mind get a toe hold.  It's the desperate pleas of a monster that has limited power right now but give it a chance and it will grow...Tell it to fuck off.
Ugh me too particularly today worst part is my dad is over tonight and is drinking. ..Can you distract yourself with a walk a nice hot shower or something? .You did great walking away from the fridge. Well done. .Happy to not drink with you tonight 
I doubt this is the answer you want to hear but I have almost 6 years sober and I still think of drinking daily. ..Or rather I constantly think about NOT drinking.  I'm not actually considering drinking but it feels like no matter what I'm doing in the back of my mind is this constant feeling/thought of  you are not drinking. ..I know it sounds strange.  It's a very personal thing.  I spent 12 years drinking daily and it nearly killed me but I still sometimes start thinking about drinking in the same way some people think about an ex who they truly hate but kinda love too.  ..I'm sorry I know it's not helpful.  It will get easier.  But your past relationship with alcohol will ALWAYS be there.  It's never going to disappear from your mind.
After 111 days your brain has slowly begun to replenish those valuable neurotransmitters that alcohol washed away for so many years. Any time I miss alcohol or wonder what a planned relapse would be like I tell myself that getting drunk even once can **reset my brain back to Day 1**. All of those improvements in my brain chemistry will be instantly reversed. There is no way in hell one night of drinking would be worth that.
I felt the same about two weeks ago after i hit 100. It honestly sucked. It was relaxing for about 30 minutes then i felt like crap for breaking my streak. I didn't think it was worth it at all. I wrote a letter to myself explaining how i felt about it the next day.  It was truly for me next time i felt like droning again but i had a good amount of people messaging me saying thanks for posting.  Feel free to check it out of you'd like. 
