-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7uymtl/im_here_trying_to_help_a_friend/

So a girl I met recently on Tinder got out of rehab in the last 6 months I really like this person but in the month and a half we have been talking she has been relapsing every week for a month. She says that she wants to change her life and stop drinking but can't fight the urge to drink. Recently she has been given some meds that are supposed to make her feel ill if she drinks but has not been taking them...At this point I don't care about pursuing a romantic relationship as much as I want to see her get her life on track as a friend. I did research on addiction and found motivational interviewing. I know for her to ever make progress in her battle with addiction she needs to want change in her life and as someone who wants to see that change I need to help support her and not demonize what she's doing...She doesn't have a job currently and is being supported financially in her drinking by friends none of which I know...I guess why I came here is too ask what are good ways to help motivate her to start making those changes she wants in her life. ..Also just in general for someone who has never dealt with something like this what are other things I can do to help her?.
----------immediate responses--------

There isn't much you can do to change another person's behavior. ..You can be there for the person as much as is comfortable for you. I say "as much as is comfortable for you" because it can be frustrating and painful to watch someone you care about hurt him or herself. ..You can get help for yourself as a friend of an alcoholic - /r/alanon
It took me years of fighting knowing I had to change and losing things before I hit my bottom and made the decision to quit. Until I was sick and tired of being sick and tired I couldn't change. I didn't know how I wasn't capable and ultimately even in all the pain I was in it was comfortable. I knew no matter how much it hurt I could deal with it better than being in the unknown. ..The trail of destruction I left behind was massive. It not only hurt me but it hurt everyone around me and the problem was I had to go through all of that to get where I am...Sometimes the best help you can offer is no help because no matter what you do you'll be the one who gets hurt. The addict will just keep using and abusing. 
I'm confused why are comments getting deleted?
Just wanted to say that u/m0llym00n has very sound advice here. Lots of truth and wisdom. I work with addicts (uh yeah) and my general and highly personal advice is to a non professional is to take care of yourself lend a hand or an ear if you can be available when she one day needs you. In that order. Other than that: I agree with Molly. And you sound like a good person. Remember that if you feel like you're not (keeping distance etc). Good luck :-)
Remember the most important thing...You are number 1. This is not your cross to bear...It's nice to be there if she needs/wants you but you're not on the hook for her sobriety at all..
