-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v1wj8/just_got_in_a_accident_im_a_nervous_wreck_and/

Roads in Minnesota are terrible today and I was riding with someone when he hit a patch of ice at 70 mph and crashed into the median metal barrier thing. ..Now usually I really haven't been tempted I quit drinking in August after I half heartedly tried to kill myself via alcohol and sleeping pills and then my doctor said my liver functions are abnormal but in November I decided I wanted to be a 24 year old college student and drink a fuck ton. I quit again in December after having a very unpleasant buzz. Depression and depressants don't really mix together plus I was never the person who could  only have one  my  only have one  was three drinks. ..Since December it's been okay no temptation. But today I almost had a full blown anxiety attack and my nerves are still going crazy 2 hours later. I even have this  thirsty feeling in my throat like I used to get when I really wanted to drink in the past. Water isn't solving the problem either. ..I'm gonna try and play Wolfenstein and destress via destroying some Nazis and I hope that helps. I had to type this to tell someone I'm struggling right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

We're here together. Well done for posting I'm sorry you had a shit day and I'm sorry it's triggered some shittie fellings. But you're right drinking won't solve it. Some of that urge is going to be a physical thing of shock and adrenaline wearing off. Can you get a soda? Sugar will do you wonders. ..Go get those Nazis. 
Sorry for your struggles and wishing you peace and success on your journey. I will not drink with you today. 
Hey there sorry to hear it's been such a rough day.  Being up front about being tempted is a great strategy: good on you for posting...If it helps here's my favourite anti-anxiety method: listen to this if you feel like it :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfcAVejslrU  Next best is a hot shower...I'm glad you and your friend are ok.  Remember there's always the chat if you need to talk to someone :) link's in the sidebar...
Sending virtual strength your way!
Aaaaaaayyyyyyyyy fam thank you for coming here and talking to us. We're all people just like you and we have our moments too. We believe in you. We also wish you a very high kill rate and no lag spikes. Go smash some Nazis; you've already taken control of your day. ..IWNDWYT
I drive a bus had to drive a different one today. Had visibility issues demister didn't work and had a passenger wiping the windscreen for me. Scary. Very scary. That was before I had cars with headlights on coming at me. I've refused to drive the bus again. I'm shaking. I had a big cry hiding in the bus at the depot before other busses came in. I have a  supervisor  who doesn't seem to give a shit but she's only acting supervisor until the new one starts tomorrow. I'm waiting on a ride home. I want a shot and a smoke but I won't have either. I thought I was gonna run into something with a bus full of people. .So yes today I totally understand where you're coming from. IWNDWYT
Aaaaaa adrenaline! I feel ya major trigger. We're here in your pocket if the nazi slaughter does not suffice. Hang in! 
I will not drink with you today fellow minnesotan! 
