-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v3d4o/lonely_people_commiserate_here/

I stopped hanging out with all my friends because I'm in my 20's and all they do is drink or smoke pot when they hang out. My early 20's have turned into my late 20's and I've spent all this time alone trying to get a handle on my drinking. ..I'm currently in a shelter for sober men but day dreaming of getting my own apartment. The problem is that I'm really lonely. Even in a crowd of sober people I don't think being sober is the only thing that should define a friendship. I'm worried about the loneliness causing a relapse once I'm back on my feet and on my own. ..Sometimes though I think being bipolar and having a drinking problem means I'm going to be on my own from here on out no matter what.
----------immediate responses--------

Think about joining a club. Something like the "Y" if you are into fitness. Look for people at work to strike up friendship with...I go through periods and feelings of loneliness. I think it's part and parcel of the human condition. But we can do something about it. Get out of your comfort zone- just little steps. Sobriety is the main thing for me the rest can come after that is established.
In early sobriety I had to see alcohol and my alcoholism as separate from my other problems.  I had to be practical and stay away from the first drink.  In time I addressed other issues. 
Congratulations on your Sober progress!..You don't have to be alone...Family can be as narrow or as broad as I limit it...I go to meetings.  I have new friends and indeed "family" now.  I am part of an International family.  I attended a funeral today for one of the members of our family.  He died sober.  He died loved.  We had a meeting after the funeral and he is cherished...I can travel to another town city state even country and look up a meeting.  As soon as I walk in the door I will be welcomed warmly without judgment.  "part of the family".  ..Tried meetings?..
lonely too and i used alcohol to mask that. i have depression and sometimes also think ill be alone because of it. but really alcohol made me way more lonely. too ashamed to drink with others i drank alone. because i covered up the loneliness i didn't feel motivated to actually change it. then when people wanted to spend time with me i pushed them away because i had to get my drinking done. now I'm thinking id rather be lonely for a while until i find a solution not a coverup. 
