-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v4b4s/long_time_lurker_first_time_posting_give_me_the/

I totally get it and yes I want it. Sobriety. I've been struggling bad for the last year. Vodka whiskey and wine are my anxiety meds. I've gained 50 lbs my face is swollen and i sleep maybe 4-5 hours a nite. I know I'm killing myself and need to stop. I want you to post a reason for me to quit so that I have a list I can look at for the next month. 30 days I'm going for. Please help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I quit because alcohol was a negative in my life. Why wouldn't I remove a negative?
One of the reasons I quit drinking was so that I could wake up knowing what happened the night before no longer worried about something I might have done or said that I didn't remember. 
Having more money is nice. I spent $0.00 on booze in 2017.
You just posted a pretty good list there?..I just finished reading This Naked Mind last night and I can't recommend it enough. It'll give you like 250 pages of reasons and tools. And you don't even have to stop drinking to read it except while actually reading it. 
Losing weight and getting quality sleep at night were actually my biggest reasons to quit. Also just to not feel foggy headed all day every day. 
Probably the main reason I quit drinking was to regain my sleep cycle. 
1) So much money saved...2) Feeling more alert...3) Not feeling constantly dehydrated...4) Relief from self-loathing...5) Having healthier relationships with others...6) Increased productivity...7) No hangovers...8) Better job performance...9) Depression and anxiety actually improve...10) Weight loss...11) Clearer skin...12) Mental obsession over booze lessens...13) Longer lifespan...14) Decreased risk of physical injury...15) Better memory...16) Healthier relationship with food...17) No blacking out...18) No worrying about driving/getting home...19) More time to pursue meaningful hobbies...20) Ability to be a better friend/spouse/coworker...21) Ability to be truly present...22) Better digestive health...22) Increased endurance in physical exercise...23) Not being embarrassed over things you did or said the night before...24) Actually enjoying mornings...25) Less chaos and turmoil...26) Freedom...27) Ability to take better care of yourself...28) Not smelling like booze...29) Not having bloodshot eyes...30) Slowing down the aging process drinking causes to your skin. 
Yes! Thank you!!  
My list is incredibly long  but includes taking my pants off at inappropriate places and getting into a bar fight with a juggalo.... at a work holiday party.  Fml...But seriously  everything that I have done in my life that I'm embarrassed by ashamed of  that got me in trouble etc. I can trace back to picking up that first drink.  The person I become when I drink is not the person that I truly am or want to be.  The best way for me to fix it?  Stop picking up that first drink.   ..And don't talk $#!% to juggalos.
Because someone out there loves you and needs you in their life and if you keep drinking it will kill you leaving that someone feeling a huge void.  I know how you feel because I need reasons too.  And I am not even sure I can do it but I want to.  That is the first step really wanting to do it.  Also you should love yourself enough to stop because in a way isn't all the drinking about self-loathing?  We need to love ourselves more.  It's hard....
You will lose weight..You will feel better..You will sleep better..You will save money.
I was sick and tired of being sick and tired. .In the last 7 months I've lost 20lbs saved close to $2000 and have almost forgotten what anxiety feels like. I've rediscovered the beauty of real sleep of being fully present and having a clearer conscience. I'm a better wife and Mother those two alone are worth their weight in gold. .No drink can taste as good as this feels. IWNDWYT  
Feeling like I was no longer living a lie was a huge one for me.  I felt like a huge fraud before I quit.   Pretending everything was ok/normal.  ..Also not dying a slow painful messy embarrassing death from liver failure.  
Because life isn't for enduring. I only have one of them so I have to go for the most possible love and transformation and vitality and happiness no matter how hard the road is. I have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
