-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v4uez/girlfriends_drinking_is_ruining_our_relationship/

I stopped clubbing about a year ago stopped getting drunk a few months ago and as you can see am totally alcohol free for 9 days...Gf still likes to go out and drink/club I don't really have a problem with it except I always have to deal with the repercussions. As I have a flat in town every time she goes out drinking she will get so drunk that her friends will always ditch her without fail (great friends right) and phone me repeatedly between 3-4am to wake me up and make me come and get her and ask to stay over at mine. When she's here she's sick everywhere and makes no sense won't let me sleep and just pissed me off in general. This has happened most weekends for a year or so now. ..Tonight she spent most of her pay when she's struggling. broke her phone screen which she just had fixed 2 weeks ago. ..I have spoke to her about it so many times and expressed my unhappiness with the situation that it's  genuinely making me want to end the relationship but it just keeps on happening. I have issues with sleep and as I write this it's after 5am and I cannot sleep. I had things to do early this morning like every Sunday. But this happens every time. I'm sick of this and it makes me sad because the relationship is great otherwise. I just don't want to be part of this anymore. Since I quit I don't want to be around drinkers or deal with the effects of it at all. I had a bad problem and I don't wanna go down that road again. ..I have no idea what to do :(.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry this is difficult for you. I don't know what to tell you I've never been in that situation. I just wanted to reply because insomnia is so damn lonely and I wanted you to know you were heard. 
I'm so sorry. People and materials from Al Anon helped me process how to handle loved ones with drinking issues.   
My life has been severely affected by other peoples' drinking not just my own. Someone on this sub recently said "I am powerless over alcohol no matter who is drinking it."..It might be worth speaking to the folks over at r/alanon.
So congratulations on 10 days now and your devotion to a new healthier lifestyle!!! With clearly limited knowledge of your relationship my somewhat educated insight would be that your transition is inherently an adjustment for both of you. If there are indications that your girlfriend is adjusting (even slowly) has a desire to adjust (even slightly) or is at the very least open to playing a supportive role during your adjustment there may simply be a period of growing pains. However if she was caught off guard by your decision to move forward and has no intention whatsoever of moving with you or even respecting your decision enough to show a level of consideration the unfortunate reality may be that the relationship was founded and fostered on a common lifestyle that is no longer...**IWNDWYT.**
Firstly this sounds rough and I'm sorry to hear you're getting put through the ringer like this. ..If you really want some advice here's my two cents....I'd recommend starting to set certain boundaries. I've gotten into trouble before by having shaky boundaries which caused resentment on my part. If it's imperative for you to get enough sleep make that clear to her. Is there an uber/taxi service she can call? It seems that since she knows she can get a ride if she needs one she's going to go to you first but if she can respect your boundary of sleeping at night then she might figure out a way to get home...Sadly if she's unwilling to respect your boundaries you're not in the wrong to end things. You should have the right to say no to doing anything that makes you uncomfortable. Sacrificing for your loved ones is one thing... this seems more like being forced into a corner. ..I understand not wanting to end the relationship over something that seems petty to you but I don't think it is. It has to do with respect and personal responsibility. ..Your health wellbeing sobriety is best to be your first priority. We have to take care of ourselves to continue being our best selves. Without guilt or shame. It's absolutely the best thing we can do for ourselves and those around us in my opinion. ..Anyways congrats on 9 days. It gets easier and it gets better. So much better. But I noticed as I started successfully getting into recovery that felt like it could last sticking to my boundaries has been absolutely essential. Sorry for the essay!
I wonder if linking her to this sub would be useful perhaps during a time she's not likely to be drinking?..I wish you strength and peace friend. 
