-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7v637n/10_days_in_settling_in_for_the_long_haul/

This is the longest I have actively gone without drink in over 20 years. .The first few days I found pretty easy as your all fresh with confidence..About six days in people started to notice I wasn't a bloated mess. That was when I struggled. Normally a week would be enough for me to say "yep you can do it so celebrate by drinking at the weekends only" only for the weekends to last 7 days...Then came the boredom. I was expecting to be putting all this extra energy into good use but needed that buzz from booze to motivate me. I would vegetate in front of the TV or on reddit. I figured that this is normal like others have said its not a magic answer stopping drinking but it does give you a solid foundation to work on..I'm hopefully past this stage now I'm starting to tinker in my mancave with all the ridiculous crap I've bought in stead of wine..My temper is even my sleep is good and my body has stopped craving sweet things (I've drank so much lemonade and eaten so much chocolate that first week despite hating sweet things)..I've also realized how helpful this sub is. When ever I have a wobbble I open up a tab look at my flair then dive head first into a load of weird electronic youtube videos that I barley understand....This is what I must of felt like as a teenager a fresh mind. Its interesting like meeting your self again. .I wish I was like some of you who are blown away by watching a sunrise but I'm getting my joy from sober surfing falling down rabbit holes of weird projects and impulse buying loads of bizarre crap. .I also stopped smoking 4 days in to this I figured I might as well get it all over with at once...So I wont be drinking with you today I will be blowing up a raspberry pi and collecting electronic components that I don't understand!..peace!....
----------immediate responses--------

And it gets better and better!   Way to go on reaching double days.
Heck yeah!  Throw yourself down the weird-projects rabbit hole!  Congratulations on ten days.  I'm going to complete two goals shortly...4 weeks then a month!  That will be my longest in a couple decades also. ..I'm saving up the $75~$100/wk I'm not drinking away for a present for myself that is keeping me both motivated and excited...Good luck quitting smoking simultaneously...I was fortunate enough to kick that to the curb a while back...In my experience the sweets/cravings have been more pronounced in the 3rd week so keep the chocolate around for a while yet.
Nice!  Settling in for the long haul.. it is so sweet to hear those words!     I will not drink with you today
