-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vaizq/how_can_i_face_work_tomorrow_and_im_getting/

Currently sober since Feb 1st. If you read my first post there is a little backstory there of my journey. I finally settled on at-home detox through a program. The meds have helped IMMENSLEY and it's what is keeping me together right now. ..The problem is after. I took some days off work to start this process (which were great mental health wise) &amp; I go back tomorrow. I cannot express how emotionally n verbally toxic that job is. The only worthwhile thing it's giving me is this insurance to do this pgrm. I'm not too worried about drinking while on the meds but terrified once I am back in the toxicity and the meds are done I will be in danger of relapse. ..Plus personally I'm finding myself getting so frustrated with having to do things in such tiny increments. It's like I have to take 100 breaks just to get a small task done &amp; I have to remind myself to eat because I can't even gauge when I'm hungry till I'm starving. I feel stupid. I feel like a 35 y/o infant just learning the world. Thx for listening. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

It will definitely get easier! After about 10 days I felt like I had my shit together a lot more. They say that's how long it takes to get out of the body. I'm not sure if that helps much but I hope it does a bit! IWNDWYT!
Hang in there.
it is frustrating. but just remember that you never have to do this again. live these next few days get that alcohol out of your system once and for all. IWNDWYT
Keep it up. It gets easier 
Jobs really do suck sometimes right? I know exactly how you feel; I had an absolutely awful week at work myself and had to talk myself off the metaphorical ledge of just throwing in the towel there. There are just few things worse in life than a work situation that is torturing you; just wanted to say that I'm right there with you on that!..For me regarding the part about taking it one day at a time and all that -- early on I was actually able to take solace in remembering that not having to have a plan for more than 24 hours in the future is actually a really good excuse. After many years of thinking too much about grand plans in life all of a sudden I realized I never had to think more than 24 hours in advance. It was kind of like an "aha!" moment for me; I just finally realized "Wait a minute...so ALL I have to do is not drink -- today -- and that's really all it takes?"..And of course being a person who was so accustomed to thinking about the entirety of my life at once I at times didn't even believe it could really be that simple. But I put some faith in the people here at SD who reinforced what I had come to understand and I can now say that taking it one day at a time was in hindsight probably the single most important part of it all and continues to be for me until now. ..Even now with my own job situation -- man I have no idea what's going to happen tomorrow. I do know that the only real plan I have is to check in here on SD in the morning as I usually try to do decide whether or not to drink today (I tend to have so much to be thankful for from stopping drinking that it's an easier sell for me most days now) and then resolve to live by my commitment. That's really it...as for the rest who knows? Who cares even really? The only thing I can actually control is my attitude in going into difficult situations and that's about it. If I do my best to put myself in a positive frame of mind then that has a tendency to work out for the best. ..Really thinking about you and rooting for you; as others have said hang in there!
