-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vbjfi/moderation_just_isnt_in_the_cards_for_me/

Ever since the first couple times I drank in high school I've been a blackout drinker. I'm in my mid-thirties. College was a four-year party but the heavy drinking was at least somewhat socially acceptable. Since then I've made numerous attempts to moderate. Only weekends; only three drinks; avoid being in bars for long periods of time; 30 day breaks; etc. ..About 80-90% of the time I could moderate. The problem is once every month or two I get completely wasted. Bar-hopping with a friend going to a sporting event or show and out drinking after going to a birthday party at a bar etc. ..A couple weeks ago during one of those black-out-type situations (for me) I did the inevitable and got hammered. Got separated from my buddy. From the best I can tell I woke up in a cab (?) with a police officer (?) waking me up. Luckily I ended up at the hospital and not jail. Wife furious. Myself humiliated. Add to that the horrible anxiety and crippled productivity for days after heavy drinking and the start of some bad cholesterol figures from blood-work at my last physical enough is enough. ..I've been lurking here for a month or two and decided to take the leap and post. Finally with the help of seeing other people struggling with the same and similar problems and discussing it here I've reached the conclusion that moderation isn't in the cards for me. It sucks and I feel like I'm losing part of myself but it's no doubt the right way to go for me. .
----------immediate responses--------

I'm right there with you man. Last week I completely blacked out and it was a huge wake up call. Let's do this together- one day at a time. I will not drink with you today friend.
I drank like that.   Every time I'd take a break I'd think "Wow that wasn't so hard.  I totally don't have a real problem.  I'll just keep it mellow."  But the every-other month events continued and got progressively worse.  Self esteem suffered.  Anxiety heightened.  I still didn't want to stop.  ..But the last time I took a break I told myself that I'd do 30 days but try for 90 and spend that time really reading about alcohol and addiction etc and writing notes on my own feelings.  Somehow it worked and I realized that I'm actually happier not drinking.  I never imagined that I could be.  ..Anyway welcome!  You can do this.  Take it slow and be kind to yourself.  Keep us posted.  We're here for you.  You can request a [counter badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you want.  I've found mine to be more of a motivation than I thought it'd be.
My patterns are very similar to yours. I've also realized that moderation isn't possible the binge drinking habit patterns are too well worn from what sounds like similar behaviors in college. I wish you success you're in the right place for support.
It's a new and better way of life I started a whole new out look with sobriety. Moderation is a pipe dream at best for me first it was well shit I'll just drink beer 1 long island before dinner was okay then I will just have beer until I pass out. Well that's not working I'll just stop at 3-4 when I drink. ..When I stopped lying to myself with all the bullshit Lookin in the mirror honest stone cold looking at myself thinking fuck I can't stop the madness on my own. Asking what is really in control here if i'm trying moderation just beer all the other lies a addict will tell themselves to feed the monster...After that day now I have a new understanding of how life s suposta work and alcohol slowly rob's us of the little things in life that really matter. It complicates my life I have no need for magnification of my problems life's hard enough...   
I feel you. I respect that some people can do moderation. I can't not really. I just don't see the point of drinking if it isn't to get drunk so I don't drink. Good luck on your journey and I won't drink with you today :)
That's how I drink. Except lately the bad nights are worse and more often. And the effort to moderate is too much. I really understand. We can do this. I will not from with you today.
I've been thinking about moderation a lot lately when something occurred to me.  With the amount I've drank up to this point I could stay sober the rest of my life and still not approach what's considered "moderate" consumption.
I too had to say goodbye to my friend alcohol.  My attempts at moderation failed even after some very over the top behavior.  Last July I had the worst drunken blackout episode ever.  I decided to finally quit this time. I have been sober 203 days now. I missed my wine for awhile but slowly realized that alcohol was never really my friend after all.  Best wishes to you in your journey of sobriety.  You can do this!!
Someday you may look back and laugh at the crazy shit you did and how badly you wanted alcohol to be a part of your life. I know I do frequently enough. ..Welcome to life brother. 
You're losing the worst parts of yourself and replacing them with best. You've made such a great decision! You're going to have so much more peace of mind you'll like yourself better your relationships will improve your health changes for the better almost immediately. Not drinking is so worth it. Drinking isn't worth anything. 
man. i fail to moderate like 90% of the time and i still have periods when i think i could learn. admitting 10% is too much is awesome. iwndwyt
I have also resigned myself to the fact that moderation is simply not an option for me. I find it far less difficult to abstain altogether than try to find an OFF switch once I've started. Welcome and congratulations on your decision to move forward!!!..**IWNDWYT.**
I'm just starting out but I know moderation isn't in the cards for me either.  If I say "Just a couple".  Well my inhibitions go away and I say "screw it this feels good".  I can't drink moderately.  I *have* but it's not my norm.  ..So let's quit.  We can do this! 
