-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vcgje/advice_on_explaining_to_friends_why_im_not/

I am trying to quit drinking. My two closest friends drink a lot and I honestly find it hard to be around them when I'm trying to stay sober. I love them dearly but they kind of try to pressure me into having   just one  ( it's never just one) and I am weak and give in then feel awful about it later. I wish we could hang out without alcohol being involved but that is not possible with these two. I've been actively avoiding hanging out with them for this reason. I feel terrible about it but I don't know how to explain myself in a way that won't offend them or make me sound like I'm accusing them of being alcoholics. In the past they've kind of teased me for trying to quit saying I don't drink that much. .     I drink enough for it to be a problem for me. I'm honestly afraid my drinking will get worse if I don't do something about it now. I've struggled with addiction in the past and if I'm honest with myself I'm using alcohol to self medicate when I should be working through my problems using healthy coping skills. ..Any advice is appreciated thank you. .    
----------immediate responses--------

I tell my friends that I've been diagnosed as a type 2 diabetic.  Drinking was the primary cause and my doctor has advised me that if I continue to do it I could suffer any number of problems associated with it...* Going blind..* Extreme high blood pressure leading to heart attack or stroke..* Limb amputations..* Poor sex drive..* etc..So yeh some horrible problems.  Tell you friends you've been diagnosed Type 2 diabetic and you can no long drink. Tell them you horror stories about how you could die.  If they care for you they will no longer try pressure you into drinking...
Your last paragraph is EXACTLY what you need to tell them.  And make it clear that you aren't judging them - their relationship with alcohol is their business.  You value their friendship and need their support.  And if they value your friendship they will support you in the way you WANT to be supported:  no pressuring you to drink.  Period.  And if they do you need to not hang out with them.  At least for awhile.  ..It's sad to say but I've had friends who have chosen to protect their drinking/partying over being friends with me.   They made their choice.  And it's best for me to just find new sober and/or supportive friends.  
Have you had health benefits. I just tell friends this:  since stopping drinking I got off my high blood pressure medicine obviously my body does not like booze  no one can argue that or encourage you to start again after hearing that. 
If alcohol is the common link holding together the friendship then it's best to find new friends.  But first be honest with them and try to get them to support what you're doing.  If they can't do that then you know the friendship wasn't really any deeper than the wine in the wine glass.
I tell my friends the dead pan simple truth. I am not drinking because I no longer like how it makes me feel. ..This is so true in so many ways and it keeps it about me. one of my friends always hates it when i stop one is a big wine collector so he drinks for investment and the rest don't care. ..It sucks when friends won't put your health and desires ahead of a drink. You shouldn't have to lie to get sober but I know a lot of people that have had to do that to get over the peer pressure. ..I found a happy middle ground that I feel isn't lying. My bottle of wine and sometimes more habit every night was making me feel bad. I grew tired of waking up groggy and sometimes still buzzed. I hated always planning the evening around when to drink. I hated trying not to drink too much. ..Now that I don't drink I feel so much more relaxed. I feel better. Yes i have the occasional urge but i recall the recent past play it forward meditate for a second and move on with my sober journey. ..
If they're not friends who will support you then they're not friends. The end. Find new friends but at least give them the chance with the truth. 
I took a break from one of my heavy drinking friends in my early sobriety. We used to be booze buds and I would stop drinking then lapse when I was with him... so I avoided him for a while only seeing him in situations with others where I knew I was safe. It just got to the point where I had to put my sobriety first... I knew I couldn't see him and stay sober so I stopped seeing him!
