-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vemy7/trying_to_find_the_point_in_all_this/

I need to reset my badge as I got pretty damn wasted New Year's Eve. Which makes it just over a month now. But since I've been trying I haven't made it past 5 weeks. I feel like I'm just waiting for the next relapse which makes me think why bother? Why keep trying? The victories feel hollow like I'm only doing it for other people. Not for myself. Everyone around me says it's not that bad I didn't get belligerent I didn't need it to function. And they're right. But it was bad enough that I can't get through a stressful day without thinking  god I wish I had a bottle to calm down . It was bad enough that I can't go to a party and have a good time without seeing all the drinks and thinking  why am I even here it's no fun sober . .I just wish I could stop caring stop trying. I told my SO I wish I would get  better  so I can get back to drinking. But as long as that thought exists there is no better. I will never be better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yes you are right. Alcoholism is an irreversible progressive disease to which there is no cure unfortunately. Is there a specific line of thinking that leads to your relapses? I know you've listed a few frustrations you find with sobriety what what *specifically* do you tell yourself in order to take that first drink?
It helped me to understand that there is no cure for addiction to alcohol except to remove alcohol from the equation. The disease is progressive and fatal. I was fortunate to have suffered few tangible consequences YET. But it was all coming for me eventually. ..Relapse is not inevitable. There are thousands of people here and millions upon millions worldwide who stack up the sober days for decades. But I couldn't get a day sober without help from this place my SO and my therapist. And I do a shitload of reading so I can understand what is happening in my head and why. ..When I first came here I saw someone say that to have a chance of overcoming addiction we have to be willing to change *everything*. That seemed insane but it was absolutely true. ..Anyway I'm really glad you're here. My life is so much better in every way now than it used to be. 
And that my friend is why I avoid the first one.   That's the worst one because it's a lie isn't it?  And it leads to all the rest.  I will not drink with you today.  
It took me about two years of relapses to really commit and to get to the point where I wanted to do it for me. Just me. Nobody else. When got to that point I didn't even bottom out I was just too miserable to continue I dumped all the alcohol in my house. My whole wine collection went down the sink. I committed 100% to sober people/sober places. No bars (ever again) or parties (I only now feel able to attend dinner parties and those are few and far between). I completely cut my drinking-based friendships and relationships out of my life. I changed my daily schedule so that the hours from 3-7 were too busy for me to fall back into old habits. I have my groceries delivered so I don't have to deal with seeing wine at the store. I spent probably 5 hours a day here the first week and still try to get at least an hour in every day. I removed all social media from my life since that activates the same part of the brain as alcohol. I read everything I can about addiction. I am going to start attending Refuge Recovery meetings so that I gain more tools to live sober. I am having to relearn how to process my emotions without drinking and weekly therapy is my way to do that...I was pretty hard core about my drinking and then I got pretty hard core about getting sober. It is 10000% worth it. It seems like a lot of stuff but compared to all the lying and misery it's almost easy now. Almost. 
I think it just takes time for those victories to feel real and meaningful. I had to get to the point where not drinking felt like my only option. I really tuned in to my body after ignoring it denying it and punishing it. ..My first 30 days were a "cleanse" to see if my constant heart burn would go away if I didn't drink. Right around day 30 I was in Aspen for a special trip and my BF said he would be okay with me drinking (he wasn't giving permission just saying he felt it was an okay decision) and I said "I just feel like I need more sober days." ..It was the first time I really listened to my body which at that point was screaming for detox (in the general not medical sense) health and abstinence. ..I also did not get in trouble with the law belligerent or crazy. But alcohol didn't actually ADD anything to my life (I sleep much better now and whatever stress I have I am gaining the tools to handle sober) and in fact it was taking AWAY stuff. ..I kind of...didn't need a larger point if that makes sense. I listened to my body NOT my addict brain. My body was saying "Please stop." ..And I'm SO glad I listened. 
