-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vg9h5/it_happened_to_me_quitting_cold_turkey_and_having/

Hey all. Just wanted to share my story with you. I'm a few hours shy of being alcohol free for 14 days....I had been drinking hard for several years but it really picked up in the last... 6 months I guess. I was a handle every 3-4 days kind of girl turned into a handle every 2 days. I shared these with my man but we both knew I was the true drinker. Combining this kind of intense drinking of sharp dramatic bouts of weight loss through Keto (which already puts your liver and kidneys in particular through a LOT) I should have known I was a bit of a time bomb. But I'm 25 invincible able to lose 80lbs and thus able to do anything. How was I supposed to know?...My man had wanted us to stop smoking herb for the new year as he thought it was causing our hair to fall out (&lt;--keto/low carb dieting is the cause btw). Our drinking picks up more as I in particular try to fill this void. Cut to two weeks ago where I put my foot down and told him that no I didn't want to quit smoking in fact I thought drinking was really what was ruining our lives. Bought an eighth had my last tepid drink one Monday morning and didn't drink when I came home that night. Didn't drink the next morning either....As we're leaving the office at 5:30 that Tuesday (~36 hours since last drink) he was driving and I was reading passages from Fire &amp; Fury to him (our commute home ritual). We were laughing at the chapter and I was reading fluidly and then all of the sudden I couldn't. I lost my ability to read. It was some word at the end of a sentence and I struggled but the letters made no sense to me anymore. Trembling I tried to move to the next word but I couldn't sound it out or read; nothing made any sense. My vision blurred it felt almost like blacking out drunk except when I woke up I was in the back of an ambulance. I had had a grand mal seizure. My heartrate had gotten up to 170 (and kept trying to get back up throughout the night in the ER) I was severely dehydrated and completely disoriented....I got my blood/urine/etc back and have since investigated them. My Chloride Creatinine and CO2 levels were very low and my Anion Gap was very high at 24 (a sign of ketoacidosis). By BUN/Creatinine ratio was also very high but most frighteningly and ALT and AST liver enzyme levels were extremely high. Interestingly I was a little bit hyperglycemic which really shouldn't have been possible on a diet of no sugar except in the case of ketoacidosis and/or alcoholic ketoacidosis. The results were basically like looking at everything that can go wrong on the keto diet + all the obvious signs of chronic kidney and liver damaging drinking....I have been off alcohol ever since. I experienced more alcohol withdrawal symptoms and very nearly had another seizure but thankfully I was prescribed Keppra and it kept the seizures at bay through the worst of withdrawal. The haze of Keppra sucks as does gaining a little weight back but it's better than dying....I can't believe how much my life has changed in just two weeks. My man has been slowly safely decreasing his drinking instead of doing it cold turkey like I did and he's doing so much better too. I went to a Super Bowl party with free Henny last night and didn't touch it. I'm cool. Everyone thinks I'm secretly pregnant but for the first time in so long I'm not sweating tequila. My liver isn't working quadruple overtime to both process all the booze and somehow produce tons of ketones to burn through my fat. I'm eating a lot of carbs and chocolate but I'm okay. I'm okay....This sub has been really helpful and I hope that I didn't break any rules with this post. I just wanted all the other folks who are battling this particularly young folks who don't think it should be you this young: it can be it's not your fault take care of yourself. Your liver is not made of gold you can't do absolutely everything and please don't cold turkey that shit if you aren't in a medical setting. It makes me shudder to think about what could have happened if I'd been driving. ...Final note: I'm not bashing the keto diet at all I'm probably gonna go back on it in a month once my levels are more normalized :) 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
&gt; he thought it was causing our hair to fall out (&lt;--keto/low carb dieting is the cause btw..hmm.  entire handles of vodka or a low carb diet -- i wonder which one is causing your hair loss.
Thankful you're alive and kickin'! Vivid frightening story! Thanks for sharing. You only need to avoid one drink........the first one. You CAN do it and having your man as your sobriety partner can help SO much. Hubby &amp; I have the same sobriety date- after 25 years of drinking together. Best wishes!
I dabbled in Keto/low carb over the years.  In my opinion the issue is the stress people put on "low carb".  I feel in reality carbs are not the issue but the context of those carbs.  Your body needs them it just doesn't need them from sugar and bread.  Getting your carbs from good sources like beans potatoes etc.  seems to be the way to go.  Whole foods essentially.  I'm certainly no expert but feel I have been the healthiest I have ever been when I focused on true whole food/non manufactured eating and stopped demonizing the macronutrient carbohydrates.  But who knows.  Dieting is a tricky beast.  
I think that the dangers of alcohol withdrawl are seriously misunderstood.  I'm glad you're ok!
Wow...that was a sobering story. So glad you're okay. Makes me not want to drink today! ..Keep us updated..   
Thanks for the post.  Wishing u the best of luck
heya sorry to hear the story really sucks.  .please post this in /r/keto too so people can learn about this. There is mostly selectively positive stuff about keto out there which hurts when people don't know that stuff like this can happen. :)  .and in regards to keto keto on! I like this livestyle so much myself.
Bit off topic  but you have a great writing style! Glad to hear your ok now that sounds scary as fuck!
You're so right your liver is not invincible!  A friend just passed away at 40 as a result of not stopping drinking after being diagnosed with fatty liver.  She had a seizure and died.   
Thank you for sharing. One of my excuses for not quitting drinking was that "im not drinking enough to cause health problems" and while i know its lies your post really helped me put my own drinking in perspective since i was drinking the exact same amounts.  ..I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for sharing this cautionary tale. I don't know where I've been but I've never even heard of this diet. I'm going to look into it. .
Thanks for this. My SO and I are starting to wean tonight I was contemplating powering through the withdrawal. This has made up my mind for me. I'll wean instead.
Young or old! Yours is a cautionary tale for sure. Thank you for sharing! Glad you are still with us!
I'm 22 and on 4 months sobriety.  I've never had seizures but have been experiencing post acute withdrawal.  It's a bitch but its a small price to pay for everything else ive gained since quitting.  Keep going! IWNDWYT
Wow scary story.  I'm glad you're alright.
You're lucky. Too much alcohol and ketosis means ketoacidosis... which is really really bad for you. Only keto if you know what you're doing. Nonetheless good to have you here and I wish you luck!
It keeps getting better but the start is the hardest. Way to go!
I am about a solid 24 hours after my last drink and I'm noticing some strange feelings. Pain in my lower back mostly but I've been through bonafide DTs while trying to sober up in the woods. I was slowly consumed by spiders. The withdrawal was so bad I ended up driving to the nearest town to get a bottle of whiskey and take it back to camp. That was six years ago. I have drank (heavily) almost every single night since then. I don't know who I was thinking I could quit cold turkey but thank you for the cautionary tale. If escaping this hell of addiction means a badge reset every day while my body restores itself then so be it for now. I said it this morning and I'll say it again - iwndwyt! 
That has always been my absolute nightmare when stopping cold turkey the 3-4 times I've done so. I'm glad it passed you by without much damage. Keep it up. 
Hey thanks for the share! Your story reminds me a bit of my story. I'm an epileptic myself. My current bout of sobriety was started by a seizure. I had a grand mal in the middle of the night. My GF at the time called 911 for help. I had to go back on anti-seizure medicine during my visit which warrants not consuming alcohol (anticonvulsants are hard on the liver as well). Since that night not only have I been alcohol-free but seizure-free...Your story of having the seizure reminds me of my first seizure which occurred several years prior. Somewhere between feeling faint &amp; sitting down and being helped back up I have zero recollection and had an all-out seizure. I was never a blackout drunk so I couldn't really draw a comparison...Glad you're doing well! I was thinking of trying out a keto diet but now I'm not so sure. I'll reach out to my doctor first to be sure I'm not destroying my liver.
Thank you for posting it's so important that people understand this can happen. I had heard about the dangers of withdrawal but of course it would never happen to ME. Until it did and that was thankfully what has stopped my drinking this time. I feel like I could have written this post myself. 
A seizure is what made me decide to quit. I was camping with some friends 3 hours away from any hospital and I was drinking beer for breakfast one day. I went to turn on the radio and next thing I know I felt like I was waking up and everyone was asking if I was OK yet. It came out of nowhere and I had zero warning signs. They said I seized for about 5 minutes and then couldn't understand or speak well for about an hour.  After I stopped seizing I wasn't breathing and my friends panicked and gave me chest compressions. I still have problems with the ribs they broke. But I'm glad it happened because I don't know what it would've taken to make me stop my 12 pack a day habit. IWNDWYT.
Thank you so much for sharing this. This is very important for people to know. Those warnings on multiple internet sites about alcohol withdrawal that caution against stopping cold turkey after a long-time hard-drinking lifestyle are for real. .IWNDWYT.
Damn that's scary. Glad you're ok! Would you mind sharing how much you were drinking/how often? 
Please for any lurker thinking about quitting please taper off from your current level over a few days/2 weeks. It also helps you develop discipline for quitting.
Glad you're OK. Alcohol and benzos are the two addictions that can literally kill you via withdrawals. Seek medical help if it's that bad 
Good job!!! 
Jesus I remember trying keto and thinking I could drink whiskey for free and being amazed how it got me drunker without thinking about the impact it was having on my body. 
You should join us in the Keto subreddits! I am a vegetarian and do Keto and there are some really good support groups on here. ..I won't be drinking with you today! :) 
I'm sorry you had to go through that but it's a lesson to be learned and it will only make you stronger! We all have to stop listen and take care of ourselves. Congratulations on the 2 weeks! This sub is great support. Check out the Daily Check In every morning...Glad to hear you are doing better!
Thanks for posting and good to know you're ok what a nightmare. I'm on day one of keto but I've been off the booze for 90 plus days. This sub is my super amazing support system it's such a great place with wonderful people who are crazy supportive. Good luck with all that is ahead. Much love and respect and I will not drink with you today. 
Stories like this are scary but need to be out there. Alcohol withdrawal is bigtime serious. I'd managed to sober up for a month or so a couple times before on my own but the last time...wow.....I'm sometimes amazed I didn't seize. The hospital had me on benzos that may have helped but even with those I still had for-real DTs. I bet being already in the ICU and medicated when they hit was what saved me there. Found out I was also in ketoacidosis and had a fatty liver as well. It was a very eye-opening moment when I realized that my drinking had caused my pancreas liver and kidneys to all go wonky at the same time. Never mind the anemia and other vitamin deficiencies. ..I read over those medical records sometimes helps to remind myself that I'm running on borrowed time. I really had no business surviving all that.
I had a seizure at 26. It was absolutely fucking terrifying.  I'm glad you got help. Keep it up. When I want to drink. I remember the moment I woke up in the ambulance. I was at an airport and I couldn't even make a sentence to this lady. I was upset and I went to turn around and then nothing. You can do this. I unfortunately relapse after my seizure the chances of having another seizure are high at that point and terrifying. I'm proud of you!  You made that decision on your own. I didn't. 
I am interested in hearing more about hair loss due to Keto/low carb diet. How much hair loss? How do you know it was Keto causing this?
Thanks for sharing.  These kind of stories are important for everyone.  .
I feel like a lot of posts are sugar coated. I didn't think yours was for even a second. Thanks for sharing honestly I hope it helps someone who may be in a similar situation.
You should always see a doctor before quitting and find a cool one. I quit cold turkey if you consider taking lorezapam gabapentin and naltrexone. (plus a shit load of vitamins) Going on reducing would give me seizure type spasms and tourettes type symptoms. It scared the shit out of me. I'm on day 27 today and feel a million better. Not perfect but it takes time. I did 30 years and don't want another drink. Just stick with it. I'm reducing the lorezapam slowly. I'm thinking 20 days and I will be basically drug free also. I don't do anything else like smoking or illicit recrational type drugs so will basically be straight edge. Keep up the good work! I'm on day 27 now.
Thank you so much for sharing! Women can be even MORE at risk for bad physical side effects because we're smaller. I was extremely physically dependent as well--and also keto! (Still keto still sober!)
I'm 34 now with 4.5 years not drinking.  This happened to me three times when I was 25 or 26.  Still didn't quit until I was 28 like a dummy but you can stop now and not continue yo damage your brain like I did.  
You can do it!! Damn what a rough one woman!! I agree that it's the alcohol that causes problems. You never black out and fight with your partner when stoned or hurt yourself(usually) or get angry etc. Don't put so much pressure to do it all at once. I am just working on the drinking now. Tried to quit pot at the same time but I just decided focusing on the drinking was enough for now. I just passed 100 days and now and slowly cutting out some pot. It's hard as fuck dude!! But it's expensive and it is still and emotional escape for me. Coming to grips with the fact I have an addictive personality and will abuse anything I use has not been fun.  But it is what it is. Give yourself some serious credit for getting this far. We are always here for you. And I will not Fucking drink with you today!! (But I will smoke a lil herb with ya hehe)
Haha I laugh at fire and fury too. I can't believe people take that shit seriously. I've never read something more full of shit in my life. 
Good for you! Health is number one especially from detoxing from this poison. I tried and failed several times to quit drinking while controlling my weight. I was a fucking idiot. Finally concentrated on stopping the drink then months later put myself back on a diet. ..Also I wouldn't overlook the book you were reading as a contributing negative factor. 
Not sure where you live but marijuana high in CBD in CO is used for children that basically have non-stop seizures. You can order CBD legally in most states but honestly it works better with thc. I stopped drinking a few weeks ago as well. Most people who stop drinking end up craving sugar. If you are on a keto diet you are most likely not getting enough carbohydrates. You might want to consider changing up your diet for bit. With the amount you were drinking I'm guessing you were like me drinking at home all the time. I've switched up to drinking carbonated water with a splash of juice. If you don't want to eat complex carbohydrates maybe get some fruit dried fruit banana chips anything with easily accessible sugar. I wouldn't suggest soda as a replacement but some people do that. I'm not the biggest fan of high fructose corn syrup. ..Have you ever had a seizure before? It's highly likely you would not remember it if no one else was around. I'll give you a couple of examples. First seizure I remember was when we played the pass out game as kids. I knew something was wrong when I came to and everyone was staring at me weirdly. Second time I just figured out I had a seizure in the middle of the night when I was a kid and threw up all over myself. I don't even remember being awake. Latest example I can back to lying on my side on the floor. Threw up my breakfast while having a seizure. I guess after that I started talking some crazy shit about drinking chemicals from under the sink. Do I remember that? No! I was basically still in a state of seizure. Asking someone questions when a seizure is ending is a really bad idea. My husband stupidly called 911 $5000 hospital bill later...  . ..I would not suggest stopping pot and alcohol at the same time unless you absolutely have to. 
Damn. Usually either of those by themselves would be dangerous enough and you did both. Glad you're alive. 
It's so important to share these stories.  As a nurse my jaw is hitting the floor to think of how this could have been so much worse.  As a mom I want to grab you and hug you and thank the heavens that you're here.  You stay safe.  
Amazing job. Hope to get there myself
