-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vk50a/cheated_on_wife_last_relapse/

As the title says I cheated on my amazing wife during my last relapse. My wife doesn't know. ..It was a one night stand with a random girl from an awful bar. ..Since this happened a few months back I haven't been able to function and have felt suicidal over how I could do something so wrong and evil to the person I love...I'm also paranoid 24/7 that I will get found out one day if I'm ever with my wife and this girl passes us in the street. (The girl has my number and has never texted or called so maybe I'm in the clear and she wants nothing to do with me?)..I also keep worrying that this random girl is pregnant even though I wore protection and didn't cum inside her. ..I have no idea what to do or how to forgive myself. Or if I even deserve forgiveness. ..I think this is the worst I've ever felt in my life and I have constant thoughts of killing myself. ..I know I don't deserve it but I'd love some help or advice. ..Hope this is a warning to those who are thinking of drinking again. In my experience things get worse every single time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered being honest with your wife?.
You can't go back in time.  I would use this as the best motivation in the world to get sober.  My husband and I both did inappropriate things while being drunk.  We went to counseling etc. and are both sober now.  Our marriage is 100% better.  We put each other through so much shit just due to alcohol.  The horrible feelings of guilt get better with time.  It's hard at first.  Be kind to yourself.  It will get better.  
My therapist once told me...if you confess what will it accomplish?  It will relieve your guilt but cause a lot of pain for someone else.  If you confess what are you hoping to achieve?  .I'm not telling you what yo do but think long and hard about your reasons for doing so.  .I'm very sorry this happened.  
Sorry to hear about your situation...I'm only as sick as my Secrets...I'd consider a counselor to aissist me in being honest...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
Telling her won't fix anything or change the past. Work on what caused you to make a poor decision in the first place. You can fix that to make a better future together. I would never say a word learn from it and move on. 
I'm gonna be in the minority here I think.....Unless this is a pattern of repeated cheating on your wife if this is truly a one off: Take it to your grave. ..Use it as motivation to stay sober...If it really is a one off and you can stay sober from here on out you do your wife nor yourself no service by potentially destroying both your lives...Stay off the booze and if you do relapse stay the fuck out of bars when you do so.
I agree with the previous poster don't tell. As a woman if I knew my husband did this it would torture me. It's very hard for most women to let go of the idea of another woman. Even if it was a stupid drunken meaningless mistake. Set yourself up so it doesn't happen again that is how you will make it up to her. Forgive yourself and be kind to yourself and your wife. You can make it through this. I've done far worse things and made it through. Hang in there. I will not drink with you.
If this is the mistake that makes you stop drinking once and for all then you should be grateful you made it. Be grateful that the Universe put you in that position that you learned it and find your path going forward. You owe your wife the best version of you. Be that person.
Fuckin loser lol
Honestly i think by not telling her youre being selfish cause it protects you from the consequence when youre already feeling down. Actions have reactions my friend &amp; my drinkinh had many. I learned while i could try to push them to the side they would always come up no matter what. Whats worse telling her &amp; letting nature run its course? Or living with an elephant in the room that only you can see. Imagine if everything goes fine for years then you run into the woman.. seize up.. she finds out then what? Will it not be amplified? These are highly unlikely scenarios but get my point if you can. You owe it to her to tell her the truth. The addict mentality feeds off of getting away with stuff. The only way to be truly free is to go against your nature. Godspeed!
I find any lies are like tiny little cracks in a foundation that can undo the thing you were trying to keep strong.  And these are the places that guilt the cycle of addiction and self loathing go to thrive.  I'd worry that the lie would hurt the success of recovery &amp; life change. ..Either way - best of luck. Everyone here wants the best for everyone here. Me too. 
Seems like most people are telling you to take this to your grave. I'm going to be in the minority I guess in saying you need to tell your wife what happened. ..I'm speaking as someone who was cheated on by the love of my life (a woman I was with for years and who I genuinely planned to propose to). It was a one night stand while she was intoxicated at a music festival. She told me two days after it happened. It absolutely fucking destroyed me and my self confidence. Fucked me up for probably six-to-eight months. But I'm glad she told me. ..By not telling your wife what happened you're denying her the opportunity to give informed consent in her emotional and sexual relationship with you. That's not ok. You fucked up and stepped out on your marriage. Now you have to man up and pay the consequences for that. Every day you don't tell her what happened is a further betrayal. As it currently stands you're hiding something from your wife by rationalizing that it is in her best interest. Keeping something from someone that they have every right to now if how you treat a child. Your wife isn't a child. She's an adult with every right to make her own informed decisions. Not telling her is gutless. ..That said it's your call. I'll leave you with this: we all fuck up. Simply because you cheated once doesn't make you a bad irredeemable person. You're not destined to repeat that behavior. "Once a cheater always a cheater" is nonsense. People change. ..But yes dude you need to tell your wife. I feel like deep down you probably recognize that. This is simple. You fucked up own it and try to make it right. Infidelity can either blow up a relationship or (paradoxically) it can bring people together sometimes if they work through it with the help of a counsellor. ..Just my two cents. Whatever you choose I wish you the best of luck. Try to forgive yourself.
Never married but I have cheated.  Also been cheated on.  I don't think I'm that qualified to comment because marriage is such a big step but whatever.  Love is love and you know when you had it after you fell out of it.  Also I'm sure plenty of people here are familiar with the post breakup bender that can last for years....or for life.   So be fucking careful of that possibility.  Have some people to talk to if things go south fast...Anyway this is tough.  I don't think you'd be able to live the rest of your life with this secret hanging over your head.  Not based on what you typed out.  I also think you should seek some help with your drinking and your current state of mind.  There's no way you can move forward with this anxiety. ..Obviously telling your wife is going to be bad for your marriage.  As it should be.  I think this is the only way you both can move on for better or worse.  ..I'll also say that if this girl sees you walking down the street that she wont care.  Don't worry about that.  While this incident might be a huge event in your life it might just be another night out for her. She probably hasn't even thought of you since it happened.  Even if she sees you with your wife she wont care.  It's just your guilt and anxiety talking.  So worry about your shit at home since that is more than heavy enough.  
Ever heard of the Tell Tale Heart by Poe?  You've  created your own living hell because you feel so guilty about what you did.  The fact it has only become worse makes me think it may not go away until your honest with your wife.  ..I agree with the poster above who said you're  essentially robbing her of consent to still be with you.  She needs to know the truth and make an informed decision to stay or leave. By saying nothing to "spare" her the pain is selfish...I am sorry you are going through this but you have to do the right thing.  Or every time time she smiles and laughs with you or lays her head on your shoulder even years from now you'll always worry and feel guilty.
You've stated suicidal intentions several times.  Cheating (or getting caught) shouldn't be causing you those thoughts.  You need to talk to someone right away.  Talk to a therapist or a minister or someone...As for telling her this is what I'd do...I'd get sober as shit for about a year.  Really focus on her.  Treat her right.  Then tell her what you did while a drunk but you've reformed and have a year to prove it.  If she really loves you she will forgive you...especially if you've made a real change.  And stay quit after that year.
Learn from your mistake and move on. We're human and we make mistakes  sometimes really big ones. But drowning in your own worry and paranoia isn't going to help anyone not you or your wife. It will only inhibit your ability to heal and be a more loving and considerate person. Forgive yourself though it may be hard. But don't forget this feeling the anguish that you're going through. Remember what it's like so you don't find yourself giving in to temptation further down the road. Best of luck to you and your family.
First and foremost please do not harm yourself! You made a mistake it happens to the best of us but ending your life is not the answer! Please please please get some professional help immediately! .Mistakes happen don't throw away everything because of one. We all slip up I love the counter on here because of that. I know if I drink and reset that my number will be one again but it will go up again. Life isn't a one and done game. In any sense. You start over pick yourself up and try again. It's not easy I know but I always find myself saying in tough times "this too shall pass" and it will. No matter what happens it will pass and there's always light at the end of the tunnel my friend.
i cheated while drunk and didn't tell my partner for years. i used every justificstion in the book. i now think not telling was a way bigger mistake than the original. after reading a lot about infidelity on chumplady.com i started thinking that it was not my right to decide what my partner could or could not handle etc. 
Confess to a priest a therapist or the stars above but DO NOT tell your wife.  Just my two cents.
Your choice. I just know what it may feel like if you tell her 10 years from now. ..Honesty is the way to go for any relationship. If you're not lying about little stuff why lie about something huge? To  protect her ?..Sounds more like protecting yourself from losing someone because of your mistake. Own up to it. My opinion and I'm clearly in the majority. 
I don't know the right answer. But I feel your pain. .My only advise is to use this as motivation to become the best you you can be. Stay sober. Love your wife and show her how devoted you are. The pain of that mistake will linger for a long time
Hi sorry to hear that you're going through this situation. I cheated on my boyfriend over 3 months ago with a random I met in the pub. I told him two days after it happened. ..While I understand the advice saying that it will only hurt your wife even more she deserves to know and make the informed decision. I've a lot of work to do to repair the trust I broke with my boyfriend. One thing I am clear about is that no matter how much I hurt my boyfriend I'm staying sober for myself. I will not return to such level of disrespect for the people I love and for myself. ..I wish you the vest best in your decision and recovery. Just don't beat yourself up we're all human and fallible. 
Please tell your wife. You will just start drinking again to forget how bad you feel. You will never be free until you do. 
