-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vv89i/help/

I have been really struggling this past month and I don't know why everything else is going well but I keep drinking! .I drank two bottles of wine last night!  
----------immediate responses--------

we are here to help :) ..are you ready to quit ? what more specifically do you need help with? cravings?  motivation? inspiration? hugs?
Why do you drink?
[removed]
The good news is you NEVER have to feel this way again!..Alcohol made me a liar and a thief.  Alcohol made it easy for me to lie to myself misrepresent my impairment to others and "try to keep it secret".  That resulted in guilt and shame.  I stole emotional connection and my presence from my loved ones....I needed support to be successful.  I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were warm welcoming and non judgmental...They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..I got to meet new sober friends which in turn led to meeting other people who did things for which alcohol is not their primary bonding agent...Evening meetings were especially helpful!.
Hugs   .Come back and check in with me tomorrow at the dci
Hey. How can we be of help; you're not alone that's for sure. But I'm glad to hear things other than drinking are going well; that's good to hear.
You are in the right spot. .
The shotty thing about alcohol addiction is that it doesn't matter what's going on in your life. Alcoholics like me don't require anything to be going on. If there's a bottle sitting on the kitchen table sooner or later I will drink it and its neibor and the emergency backup stash of vanilla jagermeister that no one really WANTS to drink....Having a good day can be a trigger. Having a bad day is a trigger. Having a so so day can be a trigger...Happy to be sober now for 9days. It's always tough.
The first time I quit I went to aa almost every day for two weeks. It was really helpful when I felt overwhelmed. I also read 'This Naked Mind' which I'm sure I'll be rereading soon..For me it took external consequences to get serious about stopping drinking. I hope you can skip that nonsense!.Good luck and hang in there! 
Thanks for all the advice!
