-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vw458/newly_sober_and_feeling_stuff/

Hello reddit.I quit drinking a mont ago and now I'm overwhelmed with feeling feelings :(.I have been surprised by memories from my childhood which I can't seem to shake off..My parents were (and still are) very dedicated however I'm starting to wonder if maybe they were emotionally unavailable. I'm 30 yo and am struggling with depression which I have always thought of as a chemical depression without a cause. .My dad has mentioned several times that they trained me to sleep by my self when I was only a couple weeks old by leaving me and not coming to my room when I was crying. He said I was a good baby because I was quiet.. When I was older I was always told to go to my room if I started getting emotional and was going to cry. .I remember being around 7-8 when I started being very afraid of the dark when I was supposed to sleep and instead of going to my parents for comfort I would stand as close to them as possible in the hallway without them noticing me..When I was a teenager and having disagreements with my father he would silent treat me for weeks avoiding even looking at me. I treated him the same way..When I graduated they left for vacation and I was spending two weeks at my then boyfriends because my dad took my keys since he didn't feel comfortable with me staying in our house (which I did anyway because my mom secretly gave me the keys back). My boyfriends sister who I didn't even know and had only met once felt bad for me and came to my graduation ceremony...when I turned 18 I immediately left home and I went back and forth to move all my things by bus...I'm an only child and I remember feeling very lonely most of my childhood wishing for a sibling to share things with. .Now I'm 30 and they are leaving the country for retirement and I can't help feeling abandoned (my extended family doesn't live here either). .We have a good relationship now they always help me when I need it even though I avoid asking them for help at all costs. They do not know about my depression and I can't imagine ever telling them about it...I worry this is the cause of my social anxiety self loathing and feelings of worthlessness. .I don't feel like I deserve my amazing boyfriend (32M) of five years and that its a matter of time before he gets tired of me let alone will never marry me and want to have children.  I have no self esteem and this makes me boring to be around. Also I get very jealous and resentful towards people who seem to be functioning. I badly want to become a real adult...Im sorry for the self indulgence this is my first step to verbalising any of it and I feel so bad writing these things because they were very dedicated and good parents. They invested a lot of time into my education doing homework and extracurricular things with me and making sure I was active...How do I stay sober stop feeling sorry for myself and get on with my life?..xx
----------immediate responses--------

It is so so common to take childhood trauma into adulthood.  Even if it's not the type of trauma one might think of on TV like physical abuse.  Mental abuse abandonment of emotion that is still something people can take with them for a long time.  Do you have insurance? Can you see someone to talk this through with and give you some coping mechanisms?..The good thing is you're not drinking!  Like you said your clear mind is letting all of this come to the forefront rather than suppressing it.  But now you can address it hard as that may be...All of the good luck and good thoughts to you.
When I quit drinking a TON of my longterm memory came back and it came to me that while my parents had good intentions they had TERRIBLE parenting strategies...I was in therapy to help me quit anyway so we talked out a ton of my childhood and it has helped immensely.  It's helped me understand things that I have irrational hatred for and how to deal with it...If you have the resources I highly suggest getting a therapist...No one ever grows up thinking they're having a bad childhood because you have no frame of reference...Congratulations on sobriety!..I wish you peace and strength.
I agree with limved... here's a hug too!  I'm proud of you for standing in sobriety that's a game changer for sure.  Sounds like therapy will help you find out how to love yourself for who you are as a human being that you do have value and there is a balanced approach to how that fits with our ideas of fitting in here in this life we're building.  You've got the strength to love yourself too friend and the courage to open your mind to discover how to do it.  Beaming love out from somewhere cold in Canada!  I will not drink with you today       
This is going to be hard and it might not be what you want to hear but as a parent I think its important to put this out there to offer a little different perspective. Also keep in mind that I am not trying in anyway to minimize your experience or your feelings those are your own you are entitled to them and I respect them...I also want to say congratulations on one month sober that is an amazingly huge accomplishment and dont forget that- feel good about it and celebrate that accomplishment. ..I totally get some of what you are saying. Sobriety is...sobering. Right? There are all of these new feelings we are bombarded with and we have to find new ways to cope and work our way through these feelings. It sounds like you have been thinking about this alot and trying to work through it- sometimes this kind of work leaves me feeling drained and insecure- so it sounds like we have that in common as well. I have been trying to get better at looking at the sum total of my life experiences and trying to reconcile why I feel the way I do about them and in a lot of ways it has been a relief...I'm a parent- but I am also the same age as you. Parenting totally opens up different worlds about understanding other humans and its given me some good insight to things that I never understood about my own parents before. I always thought my parents were perfect infalliable humans that knew everything. But you know what they weren't then and they aren't now. Parents make shit up as they go along with all of the best intentions. I often worry about "what did I do today to fuck up my kids future" so posts like yours kind of worry me because I worry about how much my kids will take things that I do in trying to be a good parent and interpret them negatively. I dont know your whole story and I know that parents are not perfect but I am hoping that they did the best they could and even those things that you experienced negatively were done out of a place of love. ..Of course this is all conjecture. One thing I may suggest and it may seem totally uncomfortable and anxiety provoking is to talk honestly and candidly with your parents about how those things impacted you. They may be able to shed some light on the situation that will give you a sense of closure...Its okay to feel sorry for yourself trust me I've done it a lot. There is a time and a place for it. Usually if we feel bad about something its a sign that we have more to work through to get to a place of peace and acceptance. ..I wish you the best of luck. Stop being so hard on yourself okay? (I know thats nearly impossible I'm totally guilty of it too) 
Aww hi Jonah!     
This post made me so sad. There is plenty of scholarly research available about long term effects on infants being left to cry it out. The infant stops crying not because they learn to sooth themselves but because they make the connection that no one is going to come help them. Now there are methods for sleep training that ARE useful but they are never recommended for young infants and they ALWAYS involve doing timed checks on an infant for reassurance and love. I think it sounds like you were emotionally neglected in certain ways. This doesn't mean your parents are monsters at all. When you know better you do better-and they likely thought they were doing the right thing. My mother suffers narcissistic personality disorder and was physically emotionally and mentally violent and abusive towards me from a young age. My alcoholism masked a lot of resentments I've held against her and in sobriety I'm learning to let things go and realizing the only thing I can control is my future and I'm learning how to do better by my own children. Please see a therapist and try to open up so they can offer you insight and coping mechanisms. It would be very beneficial if you opened up about your alcohol abuse AND your childhood...Take care of yourself OP
