-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vyn1b/for_parents_struggling_with_alcohol_addiction/

Hi. I'm a parent. I've got three great kids. A boy (12) and two daughters (6 and 5 months). My kids have been some of my greatest motivation to quit and at the time- were one of the biggest triggers to drink (y'all know what I am talking about). ..It seems that I have seen a few posts lately relating to parenting and I think it would be great to start a thread about how our kids motivated us to quit drinking and how we cope with the triggers that they inevitably bring. Tell me about victories you have had with your kids since living the sober life how have they been impacted? How are you a better parent now? How do you talk to your kids about alcohol? Has anyone's decision to not drink influenced your kids choice to drink alcohol?..Really anything interesting or inspiring or motivating about how you get through this crazy parenting thing. For those of you who are not parents maybe reflect on your own parents or envision the parent you want to be. I am really looking forward to hearing from everyone.
----------immediate responses--------

Parenthood is not too far away for me and I'm really interested in this discussion...Good Post!
I love that I can now always share my drink with my kids. A big drawback for me while drinking was the knowledge that not only was I drinking around my kids and demonstrating that drinking so much was ok but I was also glamorizing it because beer was a  special grown up drink. ..There are other aspects that I still struggle with. A nice thing about beer was that it was a very easy way to avoid feelings of frustration and anger.  I am now learning how to handle these emotions as they arrive which is not always the easiest thing to do. 
I'll start out with a share. Since quitting my son who is 12 and is starting to go through those difficult middle school years has been closer to me. He used to often lock himself in his room and stay there all night. I've noticed him being more social with me and sharing things with me more freely. His dad (he's my step-son but I call him my son) is an alcoholic and has constantly let him down. I am motivated to stay sober for him to show him that the cycle of addiction can be broken and I can be there for him when ever he needs me...My sweet little baby who is only 5 months old will hopefully never know me as the drunk I was. She motivated me before she even came into this world. I was so deep in my addiction when my wife was 9 months pregnant and asked that I stay sober so I could take her to the hospital in case she went in labor- I couldn't. Just kept right on drinking. It made me feel like shit. I realized I had no control. When she was born. I would stay up late with her when she was up and crying but I would be drinking the whole time. Getting plastered. It was dangerous. I was repulsed at what I had become. I couldnt bear the thought that I may be too drunk to care for my own precious little baby who needed me. I look at her happy healthy little face and I feel strong. I have to be for her...My 6 year old is a spitfire and probably the most challenging. But she loves me so so unconditionally. I am not sure I could ever do anything wrong in her eyes. I love that she loves me like that. She is definitely a daddy's girl. When I drank I didnt want to be around her. I wanted to be left alone to drink. I felt terrible for the way I treated her when I was drinking. I should not feel annoyed that my little girl wants to cuddle up next to me any chance she gets. I need to be steady and strong and sober for her. I need to treat her right so she knows how a significant other should treat her in the future. She's gonna grow into a young woman sooner than I would like and she doesnt need to feel a void because her daddy is a drunk...God. I love my kids. I took them forgranted for far too long. 
I have a six year old and a 2 year old...I love that I am really there for bed time not just rushing thru one book so I could get back to my drink...I also love that I am being a responsible role model for them...I will not lie I have been super grouchy lately so I have to work in my patience...IWNDWYT   
Daughter of an alcoholic dad who has never dealt with it. I definitely starting reaching for alcohol early and his specifically after seeing it modelled for me daily. I have spent a lot of time struggling with what drinking did to my dad. I'm almost 43 and it still affects me. I hope you keep up the sobriety.
My 7 year old announced the other day that he wasn't going to drink alcohol when he grew up. That made me smile but I know he's just an innocent little boy now... ..So I talk to him about my sobriety in little doses. He knows I was hospitalized and he knows it was because of my liver and alcohol. I'm honest with him that dealing with my emotions is difficult and I'm working on it really hard... "that's what I'm always [reading](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) about". That helps me help him work through his difficult emotions. Letting him know that even adults get overwhelmed seems to calm him. We're learning appropriate ways to express ourselves together. ..I am patient now with him. I was not at all before which makes me so sad. We had a really rough go when he was 3-4 my drinking was bad but that age is just the worst (in my opinion). Drinking + snotty threenager = Bad Time. I'm a much kinder softer and understanding mother now. He needs that. ..Parenting is a trip. Everybody always warns you of how tired you'll be how difficult babies are yada yada. In my experience the real difficulty is *not* that baby stage. It comes when that kid starts expressing their own opinions and feelings. He is sensitive like I am... left to my own devices I crashed and burned. I'll try my damnedest to save him from that pain. I couldn't do that if I weren't sober. 
I am such a better parent now.  I actually spend some time with my kids instead of trying to find an excuse to leave for drinks....My wife and I have started couples therapy at the same time that I quit drinking.  We haven't talked with the kids about my drinking but they know we are seeing a counselor.  My 13 yr old daughter told my wife that "Dad seems much happier now that you guys are seeing a counselor." Nope...Dad is much happier because he doesn't have to sneak and hide anymore!
My eldest child knows that the family moved away from the kids' home town because "daddy got drunk and went crazy on my birthday". This is 100% true. So when complete strangers are treated to the story (this is an open friendly and outgoing child) I can only grin and bear it. I smile and shrug and observe that I'm doing better now...It is a whole different world now. Before the Changes the drinking shut the children out. In the world of my attention it placed them on the second tier. For years there they were zoning out in the TV room with me in the computer nook picking fights with other trolls on Reddit a sea of beer cans around my ankles. ..*What kind of father am I?* (Crack! Foam.) *Fuckin' who the fuck fuckin' cares?*..Connectedness was impossible. Our bodies were well-fed but our spirits were starving to death. Then it all fell apart. So: stop drinking get counseling learn how to connect with partner and children keep doing the Work. .."(Better late than never?) I present you your father."
This summer my sister in law and I took a road trip to my parents with our kids. We did a lot of day drinking hanging out in their pool and night drinking. At one point my son said all you want to do is drink wine and talk it's all you do. Two months later he commented that I didn't use to drink that much wine. He's 6. Up until this summer I did my best not to drink in front of him. He was a big reason I quit. I didn't want my son's experience and memories of me to involve slurring and falling down and not being there for him when he needed me. ..The third day I quit he was driving me insane and I had that urge. That was really the last true craving I had for it. Now I try to remind myself he won't be this young ever again and he needs a strong role model of what adulting should look like. Drowning my life and emotions in a bottle of wine is the exact opposite of a strong role model and adulting. ..I can't believe how much of his life I missed with hangovers and how irritable I was to he sweet gifts of love at 6 in the morning on Saturdays. But no more. 
I love this post.  My girls are one of the main reasons I want to be sober now.  They are 11 and 7 and very impressionable. My oldest has told me that she can tell when I'm drinking wine because "my face looks funny".  Wow that was a slap in the face.  How does she know?  Gosh they are so dang smart and know way more than I ever thought.  Mine too ask if they can sip my drink or if there is alcohol in it.  They go to our friends' brewery with us and "hang out" with other brewery kids.  I mean isn't that the thing to do these days?  UGH I know this needs to end for me and for them!
I have a 10 and 8 year old.  .My recent things to remember:.*The early mornings are still early but so much more tolerable because I had a good night's sleep..*My 8 year old asked me yesterday if I was going to the library to study that night (I started back at college so often leave in the evening to study). I said no that I had finished my homework for the day.  He gave me the most joyful hug and then we danced while making dinner in the kitchen.  Being present giving them what they need and enjoying goofy dancing in the kitchen.  It felt so good and would have never happened a month ago. .*Set up 3 playdates for this week at my house for my kids to play with their friends.  ..I have not talked to my kids about my decision but realize it needs to happen.  Ideas to bring it up?.
My uncle who I live with is alcoholic. I'm only 16 and I plan to NEVER drink a drop of alcohol. I don't want to ruin my life. Back to my uncle when he drinks he can get very verbally abusive cussing us out and even calling me a dick for no apparent reason other than he feels like it. He doesn't do anything physical other than slamming doors but it's really hurtful. When he gets drunk I usually just stay in my room until he goes to sleep.
My Kiddo is a very strong-minded and creative soul with an extremely volatile temper. I have been flying solo since we left her violent drunkard dad when she was 3. I have never quite known how to cope with her utter refusal to do basic things like clean up her mess and touch-and-go use of respectful language. Before drinking I'd often end up sitting outside while she roared and pounded on walls and kicked things [she still sometimes does this - it's not toddler stuff] it's not ADHD or similar she's been assessed for that - it's behaviour she is modelling from her Dad that she learned very early on makes Mummy do what the yelling angry person does [as with him not dojng so meant he'd go and hurt her].  .That said when she's in a good place [which is the majority of the time except when it's time to tidy up or do chores homework or getting ready for school etc] we'd have a really fun time together - playing outside doing craft playing with toys going for little adventures reading stories etc...Once I started drinking I was able to zone out the angry outbursts mostly. I'd simply go to bed if I had to and tell her to put herself to bed. There were a lot of nights I left my dinner pretty much untouched on the table because she'd be so rude to me I literally didn't feel I could eat...There were the nights I couldn't recall that I'd actually eaten with her and read her a story. I was modelling her dad's behaviour in terms of the drinking and I stopped being much fun mostly. My body felt too large and bloated to play on the play equipment rollerskate trampoline or climb trees. My mind felt too pooped to engage in elaborate collaborative games and toy-related play. I felt guilty and sad about it but I turned down so many invitations to join her in some game she'd come up with and arranged everything for :(..Since I stopped drinking she's my biggest fan. She still won't tidy up but we connect again and have been having some great playtime. I recall every meal and every chapter of the stories - and we have not missed a night due to an anger storm. She tells me often how much happier I look and seem how proud of me she is how great I'm doing - none of which I ever asked her to have an opinion on. It's just obvious she's happy to have her "real" Momma back. I'm happy to be back too - but I sure as shit wish she'd get a grip on not leaving all her crap everywhere!!! It's a big trigger for me..
I'd pick her up from her Mom's or day care I'd try and pick up alcohol before I got her but usually not.  I'd get a six pack of high abv microbrew.  We ate a lot of frozen pizzas I'd take the pepperoni off half and put it all on her side...I'd drink a couple of beers and try and put her to bed.  It usually didn't go so well and I'd let her stay up until when ever.  The mornings were rough.  They still are but less so now...I have full custody now.  I'm more patient but also less so.  There is bed time and I don't deviate much from that time.  But I'm not in a rush to put her to bed or fighting with her to get her homework done.  I read the books and don't read them because I know that's what I should be doing.  I read them because she enjoys them and sometimes I enjoy them too.  ..We are still having a battle about the TV.  It's been going on for a couple weeks now.  I think it's escalated to a war.  No TV until her room is clean and she picks up the front room.  If I were drinking I'd never have had the ... I don't know the whatever it takes to not let a seven year  old watch tv for going on 3 weeks now.  ..We cook a lot too.  Tonight it was just hotdogs but she helped.  She opened the hotdogs and one fell on the ground.  I was angry but I explained that she dropped them on the ground because she wasn't paying attention and it wasn't a result of bad luck.  I didn't flip out or swear or shrug it off.    ..Am I a better parent?  I don't know.  It's hard to say.  If I were still drinking we'd have eaten a frozen pizza and I'd be drinking my way to a hangover on a Wednesday night.
I thought of something else last night too. When 4:45 used to roll around I would leave work and head straight to the bar. I'd have 2-3 glasses of wine and then pick my son up at school around 6:00-6:15 - now when 4:45 rolls around I go pick up my son and I'm getting an hour extra a day with him. We just started riding bikes together we got them for Christmas and one of my teenage neighbors was chatting with us and said she wished her mom had ridden a bike with her when she was growing up. That is a moment I would have missed. I missed so many but I'm treasuring all the new ones. 
