-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7w2vyu/i_am_a_suicidal_alcoholic/

How did you stop drinking? I struggle so much to last half a day without picking up a shot. I have severe depression but alcohol makes it more bearable to deal with everything else. I just don't have anything to live for.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is a depressant so while the reward centers in your brain like the distraction in the short term the chemical properties of alcohol are undoubtedly making the depression worse...I can relate to what you're sharing. I think people find bravery to keep going when their desire for change outweighs their fear of change. And that might fluctuate day to day or even minute to minute but once you start chasing that bravery high instead of the drinking high it seems to get stronger and stronger at least in my experience. ..If it helps I will not drink with you today friend. What's one small thing you can do today to show yourself love? A good meal? A shower? Those are my go-tos. ..
A counselor or someone to talk to can do wonders. Drinking actually made me feel suicidal when in reality when I'm sober I'm not thinking like a moron 
I am never suicidal now whereas I used to be fairly frequently (? not sure what frequent is but a few times a year for 20 years felt frequent enough?).  Now I do still get depressed sometimes but I'm actively working to improve myself and my circumstances and it's just much better.  ..I started by mentally committing to a dry month but knowing I wanted to try for 3 months avoiding the thought of forever focusing just on today.  I read EVERYTHING I could find on addiction and recovery: blogs articles books videos etc etc.  I started to relate.  I gained some tools. ..You can totally do it.  Why not skip drinking today?
I had suicidal thoughts when drinking. I don't now. The anxiety the day after was monumental and my mental health declined massively. I don't have that anymore...I would go to your doctor though and consider counselling as well. 
It's a vicious cycle. Alcohol isn't helping the depression it's numbing it temporarily and compounding it permanently. One day one hour one minute at a time. It gets easier as you go.....**IWNDWYT.**
I felt suicidal every day for almost 20 years. They were persistent vivid ideations. I drank all through that time...I haven't had a suicidal thought in 110 days. ..Alcohol is one of the most vicious depressants on the planet. 
Glad you're here!..I went to meetings and immediately found people who understood what I was experiencing.  They were sober wanted to stay sober and amazingly wanted to help ME be sober!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
I was only suicidal when in the midst of my drinking. Now I am not. I am not even depressed anymore. Alcohol is a depressant so while you THINK it's making your depression more bearable it's actually worsening it to a severe degree.
