-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7w60zf/day_1_i_am_scared_exhausted_and_ready_for_change/

Day 1 for me. I am terrified but I am also exhausted ashamed and ready for my life to be different. I grew up with an extended family of alcoholics and swore that I would never turn out that way. I didn't even have my first drink until my 21st birthday. ..I am now 28 and was drinking every day. I'd stumble into work hungover and be generally pissed off and disappointed in myself. My parents don't look at me the same way anymore and my friends do not understand my struggle. Come 6:00 every evening I want to just binge drink until I crash. I am so tired of the shame guilt and lying. Alcohol has taken over my life and I feel like I can no longer have a normal conversation with my family. I have been seeing a Cognitive Behavioral Therapist who has helped. I no longer drink every day but have not managed to get more than 5-6 days without slipping up. ..I'm ready for change. I've made the decision to go back to school this fall to finish my nursing degree (I switched to Computer Science midway through college). I want to kick this desperately. ..Just wanted to say hello and make an introductory post. I'll get my badge setup today if I can and hopefully never have another Day 1.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel the same way as you. I relapsed yesterday and today is hard. Day one I think is the hardest but also the most important. It's the hardest because you think about all the stupid shit you have done or said and because of the anxiety and bad thoughts. But it's also the most important because it gives you time to reflect and ask yourself if you want to get better. Today is day one for me as well but I'm determined and so are you. IWNDWYT my friend
Cannabis is helping me a lot. 
Welcome JB_ville! You're in a good place. I lurked here for quite a while and learned soooOooo much by going back and reading old posts. Keep coming back  cause there's a wealth of experience and knowledge here...and hugs when needed!  You got this...I will not drink with y'all today 
