-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wpy4p/dealing_with_a_lot_but_still_not_drinking_but/

Hey everyone!..I have a whopper of a week... but I'm staying on track!    I'm dealing with some pretty heavy stuff: my mom is in the hospital dealing with the effects of stage 4 cancer my dad has lost some vision unexpectedly and is unable to drive (i'm really scared that he is going downhill too) my husband and I are having marital issues and work is killing me.   I've really been struggling and I think I didn't realize how much this is effecting me until yesterday. .I'm staying strong but I started fantasizing about drinking wine this afternoon and it scared the poop out of me!!!    I immediately thought of you guys and how supportive this thread has been for me in my journey.   I guess I need a little encouragement... Thanks in advance for listening!   I will not drink with you today!!!  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your parents the best encouragement that I can offer is that you have worked hard in your sobriety and it would be great to see you make it through this obstacle without drinking.
This is exactly when you need the best version of yourself at the ready. A sober you sounds critical right now. Be strong you can do this!
Drinking never made anything better. I'm so sorry for your parents. I hope things improve with your husband. I will not drink with you today.
Sounds like a lot on your plate. You're family is fortunate to have you all of you there to help. 
Hey I'm sorry to hear that you're going through a rough time. You're doing a wonderful thing by reaching out we care and support you. I'm so proud of you for staying strong. Keep trudging love the urge will pass. I won't be drinking with you today! 
I'm so sorry queenfish those are a lot of challenges all at once. i wish i could send you hugs and strength. having relapsed from much tinier stresses i admire you so much..it's also crazy to realize how even with all these challenges it's so much better to handle them sober. your mom probably needs you more than ever. i know my mom is so worried about my drinking that she would be in twice the misery to know her illness made me relapse. i hope your dad's problem turns out to be temporary. and your marriage can surely not be positively helped by alcohol nor will drinking help with work stress. ..it's almost like... the more we want to drink the more important it is that we don't so we can make our difficult situations a little bit better. ..love and hugs
