-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wq76h/will_i_ever_not_want_to_drink_and_use/

I drank and used for many years. I'm almost 5 months sober and still desperately wish to drink and use even though I know it's bad for me. It seems that the ONLY way to have fun is to get drunk and high. I don't enjoy anything anymore; in addition to heavy depression I have anhedonia and don't find anything at all fun. I also feel like I'm missing out that other people get to go out and have fun but not me...Is there any chance that someday I won't long so desperately to drink and use? Is there any chance that I could enjoy things without substances? Is there any hope to enjoy life now that I'm sober or am I doomed to spend the rest of life wanting alcohol and drugs/doomed to relapse eventually? No lectures please I've been to a lot of AA already; I would just like my questions answered and to hear others' experiences if they went through the same thing and it changed
----------immediate responses--------

Through working the steps finding the underlying causes to my drug and alcohol use  I can honestly say that I have no desire to go back to the hell I lived for years.  ..So for me I don't want to drink or drug today and haven't for quite a few days in a row...Be good to you today 
My life wasn't hell when I was drinking. I enjoyed drinking mostly. But it got to the point where I would drink too much most days of a month and I was hiding my alcohol use. ..A little brush with the law was proper motivation for me to quit and I quit...At AA they asked if I had a desire to stop drinking.  .No honestly I did not have a desire to stop drinking.  .I had a desire to not get drunk all the time...But I kept going to AA.  .After six months I got a sponsor.  He told me that I would eventually have a desire to stop drinking and some time after that I'd have no desire to drink at all...I trusted that what he said was true...And it's coming true. I don't really desire to drink any more. It took more than a year for me maybe even two years but the desire continues to dwindle...Hang in there. The day will come when you won't so desperately long to drink and use.
i have depression too and when it was really bad alcohol gave me temporary relief. i certainly was not miserable while i was drinking (as in during the time each day when i had a glass in my hands). for a while this was ok. the problem is that it gets worse over time and alcohol does not cure depression or anhedonia. it makes depression worse. and it robs you of the time and energy you need to recover from depression. it just covers it up with distraction. ..I'm not sure what drugs you re using but probably they also don't cure it. ..you asked if you can be happy sober. the answer is yes. in my case episodes of depression always end but none lasted as long as the last one during which i was drinking a lot. they always end in the same way: starting to exercise starting to hang out with humans in person doing things that used to be fun but are no longer (anhedonia) cbt meditation lots of walking. slowly these small actions pull me out. then i get to be happy and productive again for long periods ..i have never met anybody with depression who said 'i was depressed and started drinking and now I've recovered becsuse of the drinking'. ditto with standard street drugs. if this worked doctors would be prescribing it. ..were you really happy when you were drinking? 
And remember to if it's Saturday night where you are - sobriety sucks Saturday night sometimes but it's fucking awesome Sunday Monday Tuesday and beyond 
You have several great questions...&gt;will I ever not want to drink and use?..For me cravings and urges had two aspects.  One was the physiology.  That was extinguished in pretty short order.  The  physical  craving.  ..The urges were more related to my state of mind....the patterns and habits.  ..&gt;I have anhedonia and don't find anything fun at all...&gt;is there any chance I could enjoy things without substances?..Yes!  For me it came to each  next choice .  ..For me to  enjoy and be happy  I focused on developing a life of  purpose and being useful ...I give an hour or so to my community agencies.  I'm giving to others....doing for others.....as I do for others my gratitude appears. My appreciation grows....I engage in *esteemable actions*.  That is the antidote for anhedonia.  ..Volunteering gives me the opportunity to meet recipients of services other volunteers business people agency staff other members of the community...I live a useful life with purpose....not one of self-centeredness.
I definitely relate to the anhedonia; mine hung out for months. I'm almost a year into sobriety though and I can tell you that the fun the joy the pleasures of plain ol' life are coming back with practice and patience. Therapy has helped me too. So yes there is most certainly hope!
