-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wufcz/forgiving_yourself/

How do y'all deal with the struggle to forgive yourself for the things you did when drinking? I'm dealing with something right now and I'm really beating myself up. It's not directly related to my drinking but still somewhat related and I'm realizing i could have made better decisions had I been sober. ..The person says they forgive me but they still seem so bad and I'm feeling terrible. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow... Forgiving one's self is a skill that is hard for everyone regardless of their drinking status.  Don't beat yourself up over beating yourself up ;)  When I catch myself replaying something stupid or hurtful that I did I try to say to myself  "yep that was stupid.  The only thing I can do is start from now and do better".  I'm never able to stop the thoughts from coming in but I am slowly learning how to redirect them when they do.
People make mistakes some more than others. Accept it. I personally feel that I am being very selfish if I keep on feeling sorry for myself and/or not forgiving myself and dwelling on the past. It's pointless. Learn and move on. Seriously. 
I had a situation a handful of years ago. After making appropriate reparations and then some I was still beating myself up for months. Someone much smarter than me set me to what I thought was a stupid exercise: repeat  I forgive me.  Somewhere over the next few days of saying it I realized that continuing to wallow in guilt wasn't going to advance anything and I had already made amends. I found it took time and a willingness to let my guilt go.
It's hard. I'm struggling with it as well. Meditation heart practice has been helping but it's a journey. 
Just remind yourself that the drunk you isn't really you. The alcohol wants you to feel bad so you can drink again. I struggle with the same thing and I've done some awful things because of alcohol. It's hard to deal with but just try to be positive and remind yourself of who you really are and that the only way to move forward is to not give in to your addiction! You'll get better and it will get easier :) IWNDWYT!
