-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wvq8i/help/

I didn't have a drop of alcohol between 1/17/2015 and 7/3/2016. During this time my life improved significantly. I got more involved with my kids' school and their hobbies. I got a promotion at work. I started writing again - I actually finished the first draft of a novel I'd been wanting to write. I started jogging. I did yoga. I cooked healthy meals every night. My house was always clean. Then I went to a 4th of July bbq and thought "What the heck one Corona isn't going to kill me. It's been over a year almost 18 months! This is fine." One turned into 6. And I havent had a sober day since. I've gained 30 pounds. It's my son's birthday today and I'm laying on the floor in the bathroom with the shower on so no one can hear me sobbing. I haven't done laundry in days. I haven't written anything since I started drinking again. I stopped exercising. My marriage is struggling. My husband makes sure the kids have lunches packed and helps them with homework because I haven't been able to. For a long time based only on having a stable job and never getting behind the wheel when drinking I told myself I don't have a problem because I'm functioning. But I'm not functioning. I'm a fucking wreck. I feel guilty for all the things I'm not doing so I drown out the noise in my head with beer or wine and then I wake up the next day and feel guilty again. Rinse and repeat. I haven't had anything to drink today. I know everyone says to do it one day at a time but I'm struggling doing one fucking second at a time. I've told myself for over a year that I can stop anytime I want because I did it before but here I am. Anyway I don't really know what I'm looking for but I came across this sub a few months ago and thought this was a good place to visit today.
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I'm not functioning. I'm a fucking wreck...This was totally me. No words of wisdom but just wanted to say you're not alone. Sending you an internet hug.
Your story is so similar to mine   .You've done this before so you know you can do it just take it one day at a time. If you don't think you can do it alone you might try meetings or going to a therapist..So glad you are here!.IWNDWYT  
[removed]
I never thought I could stop drinking. It was so much bigger then me.  But I did. And it was hard at first But now I feel insane freedom. I relate so much to what you're saying and I just wish for you to be where I am now because it's soooo worth the effort. I look at it as me being in control. Not the alcohol controlling me. You are a strong person. You're a parent and somebodies partner. You've been through tough things. You can do this!!!!!!! .
I had a good amount of sober time &amp; relapsed over a year ago.  There are lots of moms on here who struggle with alcohol &amp; I am one of them.  That sober time you had is not lost.  You already know all of the beauty that comes with sobriety.  Day by day you can get it all back and more. Would you like to not drink together tonight?  We can take it in 5 minute intervals if you like.  
Welcome.  Finding this sub was a turning point for me   I visit every day and although I don't post tonnes I comment here and there. I've learned so many useful tools and I don't feel alone any more.  Lots of us have felt like you do now. Lots of us can't claim to have had a year sober for much longer!  You can do this.  Can you make a plan?  Write a long list of everything people here recommend then see where you think will be the easiest place to start and what you think will work best for you?..I started out by seeing my doctor and coming clean with her so I learned how to detox safely.  I was in despair after a relapse when I found this sub and it's been a massive help to me   there's a daily check in that lots of people use every day that you might take a look at?  Getting a badge and watching my sober days clock up really motivates me too.  Lots of people here recommend a book called This Naked Mind by Annie Grace   it really helped me reconsider my relationship with alcohol and see it for what it had become and why.  That's been huge in changing my perception of sobriety from  being denied booze' to something really positive and wonderful...I won t make this reply any longer but there is loads of support and ideas and experience and encouragement to be found on this sub.  It's hard to get started but if you can find those things that can get your ball rolling you know that you can do this and better things are ahead.  Sending you courage strength and an internet hug.  .
The good news is since you've done it before you know you can do it again. My therapist always tell me not to believe everything you think. So the gremlin voice that tries to tell you that this time is different and you'll never get back there: tell it to STFU.  You'll get there. Of course you will
i'm sorry to hear you're going through a tough time. .glad to hear you have a support system and a reason to try and get back on the wagon - kids are a great motivator..unfortunately there's no magic bullet in my experience i just have to not drink. not pick up that first drink so i won't get sloshed off my face for no reason at all. drinking begets drinking and it's a fucking misery that self perpetuates. .the good news is that you've done this before and got to the sort of numbers i only day dream about - so you know you can do this. all you gotta do is make a start. .i wish you all the luck in the world. go for it! IWNDWYT my friend.
I've been there too.  It's not easy but you can do this - you've already done it once before!..Listen I kicked heroin on my own codeine on my own stopped smoking weed on my own... But I couldn't stop drinking...I'm in hospital in detox right now.  I'm putting together a plan. ..I don't know if that's right for you but I do know the hardest and bravest thing anyone can do is put their hand up and say "I need your help with this"...Wishing you love hugs strength and bravery...I won't drink with you today.
Your post breaks my heart because I know those guilt-fueled sobbing in the bathroom moments so well. I don't even have a week under my belt but I'm trying desperately to stay in the present and avoid the "rabbit hole" of beating myself up over past failures. Oh and the effing laundry - I must've done 12 loads yesterday with more to go. My daughter thought I had surprised her with new clothes because some of them had been MIA for so long ( )..I would never speak to anyone the way I talk to myself; I'm trying to remember to be kind. I urge you to be kind to yourself as well. Tomorrow is a new day and I would love to not drink with you. .Hugs mama.
Lauramckowen.com and hipsobriety.com are totally game changers as well as the Home podcast. You can do this ! You have the power to change your life you are strong! 
I am no great source of wisdom but it seems like you have the tools to quit. You did it for a good stretch but had a slip up. Thats fine! Lord knows I have done that too! But you like me have enough sense to acknowledge the problem. Now you just need to reutilize those tools you used the first time around. You've done it before and you can do it again! 
