-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wx0uq/why_i_believe_in_you_and_why_i_need_you_to/

I'm sorry if this comes out rather pompous. I don't mean that. It's just life sometimes. Well here goes..I'm in the car at a bus stop on my way home from my biweekly trigger. I've taken my oldest son home to his mom. It's a three hour drive tonight in a blizzard. I'm safe and warm but dying inside. It's about abuse loss illness all that. You know life. Every other Sunday night stirs it all up...Right now I want to slip. I love my family and this beautiful puzzle that is life but right now I want oblivion. Oh God almighty. But I won't slip. I choose life...I had a rough day late summer/early autumn where the guys at the IRC chat (see the sidebar) helped me. It was awesome. A huge win. A week later I relapsed...Was it in vain? Did I disappoint anyone? I doubt it. Maybe myself...If I slip will I disappoint you? I don't think so. I think you will feel bad for me like I will for you. But not mad. Not angry. You wouldn't give up on me. I wouldn't give up on you either. Never...Because if I did what would that say about me?..If there is one thing we have in common here one thing in every story it's pain. Before or after drinking. We want happiness but alcohol doesn't do happiness. Not for us...I want you to find happiness I honestly do. To get there you probably need someone to help carry a speck of dust or to help carry a mountain. Maybe that someone is me maybe it's someone else. I know I need someone maybe you maybe someone else...I choose life every day now. I always wanted to but you guys gave me the tools and the examples. You saw me trapped in failure and pain and believed in me. That made all the difference...I want to write a life story where I overcame my struggles. Where I was a bigger man. A present father a loving husband. Someone wise. Someone true. I do that tonight. I will not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

This is really beautiful. Something striking me in early sobriety is how alone I was drinking and that I drank in order to be alone. Now I know that mutualism is the reason for life the meaning of human experience (at least for me) and that healing will require reaching out for help and returning said help. 
Sweet jesus you nailed it. Saving this. So true. Iwndwyt
You're right sometimes it's a speck of dust and sometimes it's a mountain.  I felt some happiness today and that is in part because of you.  I'm thinking of you safe from the blizzard tonight and sending you the strength to continue to choose life and wisdom and truth.  
I'm right there with you SH - choosing life. Choosing a life with inspiring people in it like yourself and everyone here. Facing it with unmediated clarity feeling it pushing through it all - that's what we are built to do. Feel it Breathe through it. Keep breathing. Keep going. Sit by the fire sometimes and dream our way forwards over a hot cup of coffee. I want you to write that life story too. IWNDWYT. 
You're writing that life story *right now with each sober choice*...I believe in you!
I believe in you.  I'm not sure why I'm crying right now.. it's been an emotional day around here today... this a nice note I'm glad you wrote it.  It is great that your here.  A really interesting thing about SD is that it's a slowly shifting entity that has its own tides it's own rhythms and it's voice is all our voices put together.  This space is magic and we are all part of it.. together we make it whole.  Over many years many changes many lives.  Have a good night Homer I'm very happy I have this opportunity not to drink with you again today.       
I love this so much. Beautifully written!
Poignant and highly relatable. Thank you for sharing and being here to help me stay committed to being my truest self.
Beautifully said/written. Thank you. IWNDWYT. 
IWNDWYT but I do empathize greatly with you.
I believe in you no matter what you do. And I thank you for believing in me no matter what I do. I choose life too. I will not drink with you tonight SaintHomer. &lt;3 
Write that life story man! Be the ideal version of yourself. Proud of you. 
I believe in you and you believed in me when I didn't believe in myself xx
Whether you drink or not means nothing about you as a person. ..I just know I want to be a happy person. And it sounds like you want that too. Much love and support to you SaintHomer. You sound like you have a ton of strength and a lot to give.
