-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7wzine/two_weeks_sober_and_feeling_pretty_pretty_pretty/

This is my 2nd weekend sober and I'm feeling damn good. I know the next week and next weekend will be a bit more of a struggle though and I'm trying to hold on to this feeling and remember it for when I want to drink again which I inevitably will. This is my 3rd real attempt to quit since October and the last couple times I stumbled at 18 and 21 days respectfully so I'm going to have to stay vigilant. ..I went to a bar to see live music on Saturday. I went with 2 friends and we were at a table with a group of people I don't know. I got a ginger ale and one person asked me if it was whiskey ginger. I smiled and said  No just ginger ale!  It was a bit awkward for a beat but then another person in the group chimed in and told he doesn't drink either! So that was nice. We chatted for a while and he told me that he quit 8 years ago by reading Allen Carr's The Easy Way to Stop Drinking. I told him about This Naked Mind and all you wonderful folks here at SD. It was a nice reminder that not everyone drinks even people hanging at the bar. ..I'm not planning to go to another bar in a while though. I have to say that I was looking fondly at all the types of whiskey I haven't drank yet and thinking about what a bummer it was that I wouldn't get to taste them. I really didn't have an urge to get a drink but it was little too close for comfort for me...Tonight I went to a show and danced my ass off sober. I go to quite a few shows and have been sober for almost all of them since October. It's really nice to not have to stand in line at the bar worry about spilling your drink while you're dancing spending a bunch of money and worrying about your next drink before the one you're drinking is even finished. Not to mention actually remembering the show! I bought a shirt with the money I didn't spend on drinks. I haven't bought a concert tee in a while and think I might get back into the habit. ..When I was in the bathroom I overheard two women talking in the stall next to me. One was saying to her friend  I'm a grown woman and I've been drinking every day. I've never felt more unbalanced.  It was heartbreaking to hear and I almost stopped her when we were washing our hands to mention SMART Recovery which is what I've been dipping my toe in recently. I stopped myself because that would be overstepping my bounds in the ladies room but I really felt for her. ..Later I was in the bathroom again and a woman was throwing up in the stall next to me. Now this was an EDM show so it might not have been alcohol making her puke but I as I overheard her I just thought about all the times I was in her shoes barfing in the toilet because of booze and missing the show. ..Last weekend I wrote about helping an older woman who was drunk and fell in the street. Tonight it was women my age who were struggling with alcohol or feeling the negative effects from it. As I was on my way home I just thought about how lucky I am to be quitting drinking now and that I'll never have to feel that way again as long as I stay sober...I hope you all have a wonderful week! I'll be checking in daily as usual. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

good job!!! we're stat twins almost and I'm in the happy cloud as well. it will not last forever... ..i get that feeling very much the sympathy and conflicted desire to help others. and it's so clear who they are. but we can not do much. except here and in aa and other programs. 
I love the notion of the bar savings going toward concert tees!!!..**IWNDWYT.**
Did anyone else read this in Larry David's voice? Glad you are feeling well!!  
Good Job!!  
