-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7x64cn/day_four_struggling_tonight/

It's six I am home alone and it's around about the time that I usually would start drinking with friends or also on my own I guess. I'm bored. I did all the stuff I mean to do today and more. ..I feel like I am 'missing out' even though nobody I know is doing anything really and I do not want to be hungover tomorrow... I just have these strange insecurities all linked in with my boozing behavior -..Sometimes I don't like being in my house alone so I feel weird sober or maybe even sad or afraid of noticing that loneliness by being sober. ..Sometimes I'm jealous of my friends going out without me - even though there is no reason at all to be ..Sometimes I feel insecure about my ability to socialize sober - or even on some level I am afraid I might get bored if I bother to go sober (grossly egotistical thing to admit)..I realize these are just habits and I am being kind of childish about facing being bored and lonely because I haven't yet developed new things to replace drinking. ..I feel a little better after writing that out and wasn't going to post - but then I realized the whole point is to share the experience :) ...**Edit: I went over a friends house and had a fun time without drinking at all once my friends started getting a little bit too drunk I dipped out to go make a really nice dinner for myself. I'm proud I didn't drink tonight. Thanks for all the support and not drinking with me :) 
----------immediate responses--------

I've been there many times. I have found that exercise really helps. Running is my release but even a quick walk around the neighborhood is often enough to turn things around for me. Stay strong and have a good evening. I won't drink with you 
It's Monday night. You're not missing out on anything. IWNDWYT
I know exactly how you feel. It's tough making such a huge change. Congrats on day four! I went to a few meetings just to get out of the house and made a point not to carry any cash or cards with me when I went out. 
