-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xbs5e/one_year_sober_lot_of_surprises/

Hey guys  ..I just realized its been an year since I went all-sober mode  refraining from everything which was just a mere dream back then.I used to drink everyday and this continued for about 7 years ( 2011- 2017) .I'm ready to take questions about withdrawals and what helped me along this way without relapsing once. ..So  yeah A.M.A ( Ask Me Anything - About withdrawals  compulsions etc while refraining from alcohol )..Progress: ..Before quitting alcohol:...Mentally: ...- Violent behaviour  frequent fights .-Nagging  bad social behaviour.-Heavily dependent on distilled spirits .- Average grades .- Never studied much  never gave reading a try.- Was abusive in a relationship.- Never respected anyone in general  extreme narcissism.- Less focus ( possible undiagnosed ADHD ; Not anymore though).- Intense suicidal tendencies ( for years together)..Physically: ..- Couldn't lift weights .- Always felt exhausted.- Heavy PMO addiction.- High anxiety.- Fatigue most of the time.- Constipation.- High junk intake...Now: ..- I've read about 10+ books in an year ( which is a LOT for me) and they helped me to a large extent.- Intense meditation sessions everyday ( Minimum of 1 hour ) .- I study hard even if I procrastinate .- productive procrastination - Like learn a language  sketch when you want to kill time .- Studying for one of the most competitive exams in the world .- Happy being single.- Made a blog of my own ; following my interests without jeopardizing my career .- Working on making my self better ( by eliminating negative traits in me).- Wrote around 60+ 40 poems ( In English and Urdu language) .- Eliminated all the useless and negative people .- Can do 50 pushups in a single stretch .- Can handle extreme stress with ease .- Learnt to write in two languages ( Urdu and Hebrew ; which aren't my native lang)  more languages on the way.- High self esteem progressively ( with ups and downs in between ).- Less brain fog  better decision making .....
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!!
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats! Thanks for the inspiration   .IWNDWYT  
Congrats.  
Congratulations!  That's a beautiful list of accomplishments.  Well done!
How do you meditate without getting distracted and giving up? and the other side of that coin how do you remind yourself that it actually does make a difference?
Congrats!! What a remarkable achievement you should be so proud of yourself! .Curious... What kind of exam are you studying for?..Can't wait to make a list like yours in a year!
What point did you start to be aware that the changes you are making had become more the 'norm' for you than the old lifestyle you listed?
How long did it take you to get over withdrawal symptoms? I am about halfway through Day 4 and I feel like a monster has taken over my body. I spent yesterday crying about how much I hate my life (much to my embarrassment) have had the WORST headaches and have resorted to taking my ever-dwindling stash of valium so that I can actually work. I mean on the bright side it's a slap in the face that I do actually have a problem with alcohol. Still I need this to be over soon.
I don't drink. Just not part of my life. Grew up with an alcoholic dad though and have friends who are in recovery and working the steps. .I appreciate your response. You seem quite in touch with yourself. Awesome to know someone else sees the value of meditation. .I cope with being bi-polar. The parallels blow me away so I find value in each person's journey through awareness..Many blessings to you.
