-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xfvgh/day_36_and_shit_is_getting_to_me/

Hey I just feel like venting really quick...I'm 25 and my drinking both prolonged college because I was failing and withdrawing from classes and I still had to leave two classes short of my degree. After I left I was drinking a bottle of Jack Daniel's every day blew through all my money gained a ton of weight and alienated a lot of people before my sister finally stepped in and insisted I go to rehab. I did 30 days inpatient on the other side of the country and decided to stay here for IOP/sober living. I've only been in the house for a few days but I just feel isolated and don't particularly like the people I'm staying with and have had a few small things stolen from me (food packs of cigarettes). I brought home some wings tonight left them on the kitchen counter for maybe fifteen minutes while I used the bathroom (dumb move totally on me I know) and came back to find them buried in the trash can picked clean...Don't get me wrong I feel a lot better and more hopeful than I have in a long time I know things can only get better from here and I'm going to finish that stupid English degree online this summer but I'm just struggling. I feel isolated and can't stop regretting my past actions or worrying about my future...When I found the stupid fucking wings I yelled  Who the fuck ate my dinner?!  pretty loudly and then just went to my room. It's incredibly unlike me to raise my voice. I've been considering changing sober houses since I got here - I'm in the ass end of LA suburbia without a car and want to find a job I can walk/bus to even if it's just working at Target literally anything to make some cash and distract myself. Anyway I mentioned to another person here who I kinda know from inpatient that this had pretty much solidified my plan to switch houses even though I've only been here a few days. Within half an hour word around the house is that I'm so upset about the chicken wings that I'm moving...It just it's so frustrating. Somehow I've come off looking bad and I'm trying not to care but I feel really isolated and alone the few good friends I have are on the other side of the country and I don't want to bother them about something that is really pretty silly and insignificant...I have so much more going on in my head so many bigger problems than fucking chicken wings and no real recourse to talk to anyone about it and it's so frustrating that these strangers think that this is what I'm upset about what I'm like...I really want to go drink. I'm not going to but God do I fucking want to right now...I feel silly even posting this but if you read through to the end I appreciate it. Just saying it is making me feel a little better but not really. It's just one of those sobriety moments where I keep asking myself how I even fucking got here...Edit: I've never posted here before and that sobriety date next to my user name isn't right I went back to drinking two days after joining this sub and haven't really been back since just lurking.
----------immediate responses--------

It doesn't sound silly to me yes no one is going to die in a ditch over chicken wings but if it made you feel like you weren't being respected or made you feel alone and isolated because you do feel you can talk about it then it's important. Sounds to me like you're right and it's time to move on. Stay strong go get that English degree and live somewhere that's not dragging you down. You've got this
 I would be livid if I picked up dinner and someone stole it - while I was in the bathroom?!  Petty or not that is insane. The desire to live in a house where people don't steal your shit seems pretty reasonable to me.
Keep strong and remember the ultimate goal is to keep you sober and starting a new life. Make  list of priorities and wok towards that end . unfortunately living where you are is going to be frustrating but it is not for long if you keep your mind set on the goal. Maybe talk to the folks you are living with about setting boundaries. Good luck to you and I will not drink with you today!
You wrote a lot because you have a lot going on. Living with other people is difficult under normal circumstances. Throw in alcoholism addiction - and let's face it: other mental disorders -- and it's going to be unbearable. .The upside is that your post is all about doing the right thing: expressing yourself reaching out asking for help -- you are on the right path..Sorry I don't have any advice. I can say that what you posted was not silly at all. And that I am proud that you are seeking a positive solution.
You're justified in being pissed about people eating your food. I'd want to move away too...Your sobriety is not silly or insignificant. It might just be the best thing you could ever accomplish. For me it's the most important thing in my life. I hope you get to see it that way someday. If you think talking to your friends about this could help by George you should call them! That's what friends are for...I've got my fingers crossed that you find a better house where people think that ending your world is as simple as eating your chicken wings. Keep coming back I'll see you someday when that number is legit! :)
Sick people. Somewhere more supportive is what helped me. 
Yeah that shit would set my mind on fire.  Nothing wrong with trying a different house bud.  I'm sure you feel kinda crazy for doing that but fuck it.  Someone eating your chicken wings and throwing it in the trash is the equivalent of just spitting in your face.  Who the fuck would do that to someone in a place where you are supposed to be supporting eachother.  ..I feel for ya man.  
You have every right to feel frustrated at your housemates actions. Stay strong and this feeling will pass. I would move if I were you. Can't live with thieves man!
I'm going to go ahead and vehemently agree with the others here. While it is true that there are much bigger problems than a missing box of chicken in the world I think just about any of us would have totally fucking snapped at that scenario. Who the fuck does that? "Oh there are chicken wings on the counter? Guess I'll just eat them!" JUST. NO. You would be crazy not to be filled with indignation at that happening. ..I hope you find a better place to be soon. Stay with us here on the sub and keep us posted. Talk to us. We care and want to know you better and want to support you in getting sober again and in making a better life for yourself. 
Dont feel bad about getting upset. You mentioned usually never raising ypur voice.  When i quit i started fighting with my wife quite a bit. But it was because i needed to. When i was drinking i would bite my tounge and grab another beer. When i stopped drinki ng the frustration caused me to stick up for myself and things got a lil better because of it. You just made a major change in your life your going to be a little bit different because of it. I mean dont start flipping tables or nothing but its ok to vent frustration.
