-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xj82e/suddenly_struggling_again_just_checking_in_here/

At work so this isn't going to be a long post; I'm about 6 weeks sober but I let myself have a few over the weekend and now it's unexpectedly hard to get back to where I was. I'm trying to get back on track and not drink for the rest of February. Any good vibes well wishes advice virtual hugs are welcomed. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Based on past experience I've found it difficult to get back on track after drinking again and I don't know why. It's like I tripped once then kept throwing myself to the sidewalk over and over again harder each time...There's no reason you can't pick up where you left off and finish February on a strong note. Wishing you the best! You can do it!
Hey there....This is the furthest I've been without drinking.  I can't believe I've made it more than 9 months and I'm glad...What caught my attention was how you were about 6 weeks before letting yourself have some.  I keep thinking the same about my one year.  It's bothering me but posts like this describing the difficulties of getting back on track are really helpful.  ..I'm sure you will get you mojo back you just have to hang on a little longer.  ..Thank you so much for sharing!!
I did the exact same thing this past weekend - I did not over indulge but it made me feel cruddy the next day which never happened when I was drinking everyday - or possibly I just never noticed.  I decided I like the not-drinking me re-set my badge. In some areas I am back to basics with sleeplessness/restlessness barely any concentration.  The only win right now is I do not want a drink - that can change and I know it will.  I can do this and so can you
I'm not the biggest fan of AA but one of their sayings that I've always found true and helpful is "it's easier to stay sober than it is to get sober." Good luck and best wishes my friend! I hope you find peace out there. IWNDWYT 
