-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xmwc6/i_drank_everyday_for_5_years_had_a_detox_managed/

Also i have felt anxious and shaky a little bit but my main symptom of withdrawal is fatigue. That strikes me as odd as I thought your nervous system is on fire when you take away the depressant? Thanks in advance for your time
----------immediate responses--------

[Here](https://www.therecoveryvillage.com/alcohol-abuse/withdrawal-detox/) is a link to read about withdrawal.  I think you are still early on.  You might also want to read about [kindling effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/).  I'm sending you determination and strength!  IWNDWYT
You got this! 
Hold tight you can take your life back..Respect on the 50 hours that is no small feat!.You can do this and you are not alone
You are making the choice not to drink today.  You will feel better as time passes.  We are all pulling for you and of course  IWNDWYT!
Step into your power--you got this!
Be strong YOU WILL DO THIS!  We are here for you!
If you are able to go to a doctor please go as soon as you can. Medical supervision is the best way if at all possible. ..For me passing the 72 hour mark gets me out of the horror zone of withdrawal. So you're getting there if you're anything like me. Hang in there-- you'll be on the other side of it soon and feeling peace setting in. Day 5 I start feeling way way better and then the mental work begins but the physical horrors are over. (Why the fuck do I always relapse??? Never again knock wood.)..Best of luck friend! I will not drink with you today.
(Motivation) [https://imgur.com/gallery/HZUIR]
For me thinking about how proud of myself I would feel as well as the lack of guilt not drinking brings. You have done it once so you know you can do it. ..I went through a similar situation as you except The choice was made for me stopping the second time. I ended up getting acute pancreatitis. I spent 3 days in the hospital and the following week in excruciating pain. And ending up in the hospital with pancreatitis can't really be explained away without just about everyone you know finding out that you are an alcoholic. Don't let this happen to you. Quit on your own terms. I know you can do it!  We are all here for you. We all know it is hard but you can do it! 
You got this!  Anxiety and fatigue are common.  Some neurotransmitters have a complex dose/response relationship so while you might expect your brain to be "on fire" as you put it high levels of activation can actually suppress activity and have an exhausting effect.  If you feel uncomfortable or concerned you should talk to your doctor.  They can help you get through early withdrawal symptoms.  And in the next few weeks try to read up a bit on post-acute withdrawal too.  Good luck!
You got this G. Hang in there and you can definitely feel your body change through the pain and boredom. Stay strong and stay around here. Always helped me out just reading stuff and thinking about it.
You've got this! Keep checking in every day if you need to we're all rooting for you!!
I've drank every evening for decades. This is my longest stretch of no drinking. Four months sounds heroic to me! You've proven you can do it already. Time to do it again  
You have my support and I admire your strength. IWNDWYT!
Be a hero just for one day!  Save yourself hero!  You can do it!  IWNDWYT!
You got over 100000 of us here for you. You are strong. IWNDWYT!!!
50 hours is something to be proud of! I know how hard it can be and how the anxiety can feel. It'll get harder before it gets easy just believe in yourself okay? We all do. .I will not drink with you tonight Friend.
[removed]
I'm glad you're here!  You can do this   
It will get easier every day I promise. I'm here for you! We can do it together!
[removed]
When I was in the early days of sobriety I tried to pay attention to my body's reaction- that overwhelming tiredness is really difficult! If I was able to I would try and take a catnap when I was feeling that way. If not I'd at least get up and stretch walk to the bathroom and back...anything to keep my eyes open! Staying hydrated was SUPER important (for me at least) as well...This is an incredible community of support love and non-judgement. Checking in daily is what helped me the most in the early days. You are not along. IWNDWYT!
Go to a shelter.  Get a dog.  Walk it.  Give it a home.  Walk it 5 times a day.   ..You just made a new family member that will love you unconditionally...Thats what I did.
Just take it a couple hours at a time man. Try to keep yourself occupied. Work out go to a movie go for a walk call your family/ friends.  ..I've heard worse stories than yours of people who have gotten sober. You can do it I know you can. 
My relapse wasn't as long as yours but I heard the following during it and it helped me; maybe it will help you:..*You don't have to drink if you don't want to and you don't have to drink even if you -do- want to!*..And welcome back!  :)..IWNDWYT  
When I first stopped drinkingbesides my outpatient rehab my AA meetings and in home family interaction with teen kids and spouse I spent a great deal of time in bed. ..I think I had to rest not just my body but my mind my psyche my emotions... I vegged a lot and I think it helped me that I had that luxury.  Just to heal .
Is it possible for you to go an inpatient program? I highly recommend it. 
holy shit dude 50 hours? you are right back on track dude. maybe dont go 4 full months next time and take smaller 1 month breaks and take a day to drink and go another month!
Hang in there! You've got 50 hours and you can do a few more. ..What you are doing is hard. You are doing great though and don't let alcohol tell you its lies. Were you sleeping well or were you drinking then waking up drunk &amp; unable to go back to sleep? Then being miserable the next day?
Roll in peace 
Just my personal experience but I find when I quit I go through days of extremely high energy followed immediately by a day of low energy and depression. I have no idea why this happens but wanted you to know you aren't alone in weird energy fluctuations after quitting.
You can do this. You can live a vibrant life. Get sober and get your health back on track....workout....get fit. Pursue new hobbies....learn how to play guitar learn photography. hike paint read. Enjoy being bored...TRAVEL. the world is a big marvelous place....and our time here is so short. Go find an unbelievable setting in a country you've never been to before...be present in every day moments. cherish them...you have people that care about you....including us internet strangers. I wish you the absolute best. ..You CAN do this.
First off I wanted to say that alcohol withdrawal is no joke and can be serious and you should see a doctor. Second congrats on two days sober that is no small feat!  ..Something that helped me early in sobriety is to think like this it doesn't matter how many days all the people in your meeting this sub or wherever have been sober. We are not vampires where a super amount of time sober gives us super anti-alcohol powers. I work a late into the nights so I woke up at almost 10 this morning. Chances are you have been sober for longer than I have today and TODAY is all that matters. Maybe I will drink tomorrow I don't know I'm not going to think about that today but TODAY I sure as shit am not going to drink. Wake up start over Maybe tomorrow NOT TODAY. Don't focus on back Don't focus on next week. Today my friend. I will NOT drink with you today.
You can do this even if it's minute by minute. We're here for you. Happy to not drink with you today. 
No matter how many times I quit I always went back. This time I'm not because it's no longer an option. I'd be choosing to play Russian roulette when no one forced me to... and that's not an exaggeration.  ..The next time I drink I could be fine. Or I could end up dead. And that's just not a chance I'm willing to take.  I have too much to live for. So do you. ..And some day if you keep fighting the good fight your urge to live will overtake your urge to drink...Hang in there. One day at a time.
I always felt like the 3rd day is the charm. It's the easiest of the hard days and the fourth sleep begins to return. By the 5th it's less a feeling of  I'm sick  and more like I'm getting better!!! 
My dad died alone in a shitty caravan because of his drinking. He fell out of the shower and hit his head. He had discharged himself from the hospital the day before. ..A care worker found him. Nobody in my family knew he'd died until a year later. ..Let that sink in. ..Don't end up like that. Life's for living. Connect with people. 
To answer your question: what goes down must come up!
Stay strong! I'm pulling for you :)
Go to an AA meeting. 
You can do it!.Respect on the 50 hours that's a really good start!.I will not drink with you today!
YOU GOT THIS. I'm trying to stop drinking too. Failed on valentines day with my wife. Just trying to keep it up after this. We can do this. you can do this.
Get it man. My technique is as follows: when I really can't take it anymore I tell myself I can get through the night and I'll drink in the morning. Come morning I have things to do and and can wait til tonight. When tonight comes around I again tell myself I can wait til the morning. And repeat. Forever lol or until things get easier...You're not alone brother.
I woke up with hangover rest of bottles poured in sink today is the DAY I won't touch it anymore and you are my hero for not drinking 50 hours!
It's easy Just don't pick up! Good luck
I don't comment in this sub nearly as much as I should. But just wanted to pass on my support. Hang in there. It won't be easy you know that you've already been there and have been successful. You can be sober again! Hang tight. Occupy your mind keep chatting on here exercise whatever you need to do my friend.
If you're anything like me actually mustering up the courage to put down the bottle to begin with is half the battle so congrats on that! The rest of the time is all about remembering everything I have to look forward to as the days turn into weeks and the weeks turn into months etc. But maybe even more important never forgetting how bleak hopeless and pointless my life is when I succumb to drink. Honestly you probably look like shit right now compared to how you'll look after a few weeks of sobriety REAL sleep and proper caring for yourself. Take a selfie and keep it close by for any time in the future that you get tempted to slip. That's what I did. I also took a picture of the filthy mess I had let my dwelling become and of the mountain of cans and bottles that had accumulated. It helps me remember what was instead of romanticizing the drink as they say. That's all I got hope it helps. Other than that I wish you the best of luck and raise my glass of diet coke in celebration of the 56 hours you have under your belt so far! Keep your chin up my friend.
This book is a life saver(I used the audiobook off audible). Literally changes how you view drinking. No 12 steps. No bs. Just logic...This Naked Mind: Control Alcohol Find Freedom Discover Happiness &amp; Change Your Life https://www.amazon.com/dp/0525537236/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_83tHAbXE7SZFD
You got this! I highly recommend Epsom salt baths and copious amounts of chamomile tea. 
I know it's hard but you can do this. They always say take it one day at a time but instead take it in smaller increments for now. Like "Ok I know I'm not going to drink for the next hour." Keep doing that until you are comfortable enough to add more time. For each time you accomplish these little victories be proud of yourself. Give yourself a pat on the back. Feel good about it. Then set the next goal. 
get to a meeting! stay sober it's worth it!
I never think of it as relapsing because your old self didn't think of quitting but you're a new person who values and understands the benefits of reducing and removing alcohol from their system...Just think 2 years ago you probably didn't even think you was good enough to go 4 months without a drink. If you can stop once you can stop altogether you have just got to get the right support and the right people around you :).
I had/have a very difficult time with cravings now and again. I read somewhere on here something that made it a lot more easier for me to stay sober. One thing that makes me sick to my stomach was the thought of NEVER DRINKING AGAIN??? Then someone posted a quote from a guy (sorry for not remembering who).."I might drink tomorrow but I will not drink today"..It kind of keeps me in the mindset of I can drink if I want to I just choose not to at least not today. Hope this helps if not I wish you a happy life and good luck :)
Those reasons to drink that you think are LIES.  It will not make things awesome it will give you only regret.  I believe in you.  Just keep going.
I know a lot of ppl who tried everything rehab doctors detox etc. the thing i have seen work every single time for ppl and myself has always been to go to an AA meeting every day...even if you relapse in aa...you will understand it more and more every time you go. the stories you'll hear will be enough to possibly convince you. alcoholism is not just a physical / mental obsession its a disease of the soul/spirit. aa in addition to the methods you're trying can work miracles.
also...alcohol is insanely addictive...thats why even when you go to rehab doc etc...it doesnt stick. an aa program helped me and millions of others get to the core of why we drink...and its the only place where you can 'admit that there is a problem' they have tools to help you deal with the physical/mental addiction...the more meetings you go to the more benefits. :)  no harm in trying if you are in this much pain. hope that helps. 
Have you tried smoking weed? I have a strong addiction to both weed and alcohol but I have found that weed can help you stay distracted from feeling like a drink of alcohol
I wish you much strength right now. Don't give in. I know it is the hardest thing you will ever go through but it is necessary to a way better life. I'm not saying that sobriety will solve all of your problems but it will give you peace and in time your problems will become manageable. On the other hand if you keep drinking expect more of the same shit you've got now. Best wishes to you!
Please please keep going.  I am in the midst of a terrible binge of daily drinking and I need all the inspiration I can get. 
[removed]
Keep it simple. Don't drink that first drink. Exercise and help your body heal. I somehow made it a month and feel great! You can duet!
As stated above if you can get medical treatment  do. I first quit 8 years ago and the home withdrawal was hell. I was in the ICU for alcohol related blocked liver and bleeding esophagal varices and they put me on withdrawal drugs and Valium and I don't even remember detoxing.  So great to not have to start drinking at 3 to get rid of the shakes. Keep at it. Take long walks. Call a friend who cares and can do some activities  with you. IWNDWYT!
Hey man we are here. 50 hours is a big deal. We are with you try staying on this sub. Read and write here it helped me. Get medical help it can save your life. Do not take this advise lightly. SAVING YOUR LIFE is what this is all about my friend. You may doubt this but it is true and it is everything. One day at a time. It gets easier and the rewards are massive. Take our hand here we got you.  Peace
I have so much faith on you. Don't give up 
Stay with us Dogfood.
I'm glad you came here for support.... and I am so happy to hear about your newfound sobriety!  IWNDWYT... when you feel your motivation fluctuating breath deeply through the experience and remember that cravings are temporary-- the longer you resist the less power they have over you.  Stay strong friend I am proud of you. 
Glutamine protein shakes. 
Hang in there man. The fatigue will pass. You're just feeling that sugar crash of all that alcohol going away. You are worth saving my friend and better than the booze.  It's okay if all you get done today is not drinking though I recommend a walk in nature if that is a possibility for you.  
You can do this!
Hang in there the first 4-7 days really blow but when you finally do relax it's a really good feeling. Stay strong.
One hour at a time then one day then one week.  Shit not gonna sugar coat it and say it's easy.  But you CAN do it keep coming here.  Keep talking it out.  You've got this. 
Come on you can do it .. hang it there and think of the good times ahead 
You got this man. Just stopped 14 hours ago myself. After about 10 years of drinking and druggin. I've tried to get clean with this place for a couple months now. And it's the most motivation I've felt in this situation. 
Life will be better without alcohol. You owe it to yourself.
50 hours is pretty impressive. Look at me I'm barely over the 40-hour mark myself. I like you drank everyday except that I had done it for close to 10 years. On the upside you have only wasted half of the time I did. The important thing is you're doing something about the addiction. It will always take hard work so we will just have to want that freedom from addiction more than the drink. I won't drink with you today and I look forward to doing the same tomorrow!
Remember that cravings are like waves: they come on strong and slowly pull away. The main thing is this: they DO go away. The cravings will get weaker over time. Talk to another drunk share. Your cravings don't need to define you. What you do is important not what you think. 
You did it before you can do it again. This whole alcohol thing is one hell of an affliction. ..Fuck my first week was hell and it wasn't that far back. Hang in there. Luckily you know it just gets better...you've seen the light. 
I myself had many many relapses. I didn't get 60 honest days in two years of trying. I did a ton of things wrong but the one thing I did right was I kept on trying. Now I am 1217 days sober and can't imagine going back to my old life...Past relapses are not a guarantee of future failures. You can succeed on this run. 50 hours is no joke don't sell yourself short!
Congratulations on your achievement! You can do this!
This will pass. Keep it up. 
I'm three days in after 20 years of hard drinking. Made it three months last spring then fell back down the rabbit hole...I was looking through my phone on Monday and saw a picture of myself last spring and compared it to myself that morning. Horrible. Stick with it. ..Sobriety is hard but incredibly functional. I remember what I do and say. I can safely drive anywhere at any time. My job is secure my relationships are under control. My health is improving though I'm still dealing with withdrawal...It isn't just hype. It gets better. It doesn't get easy all the time but it does get easier. Your energy will rebound in a week or two. The night sweats will stop. You will feel alive and awesome in a couple weeks. And after that your life will no longer be lived in the mental prison you've built for yourself. ..You won't have to schedule your life around drinking. Won't have to hide it. Won't have to deal with fallout from drunk decisions or statements. You can live freely without fear or self-loathing. Your life can begin fresh and you can set yourself free...Just practice the art of looking ahead and living life on purpose. Good luck.
All we have is 24 hours brother...Months years decades mean nothing. All we have is the day ahead of us....You can do it if all you set your mind to is not drinking in the next 24 hours. Maybe tomorrow but not today...And tomorrow you do the same thing...Good luck brother.
You got me on fatigue. I have experienced it during first 2 weeks. Was not even able lift my hand let alone walking. And severe cramps! Gosh. My MD prescribed me antidepressants and B vitamine complexes. He said body lacks of it due to constant intoxication. Feeling way better now. See your MD. ..Hang in there. IWNDWYT.
Sometimes I tell people around me quitting addictive substances that its ok to take things one hour at a time. One episode at a time. One minute at a time. 
Hold on brother. My first two weeks I felt worse than awful but it gets better so much better. Im at 501 days and I am not looking back. It is hard but you can do this. I was kind to myself. I tried not to let my brain go into overtime. It was a one day at a time chip away at my prison kind of approach. It works. Just hold on for today. Let tomorrow be another day and deal with it tomorrow. It never gets easier to quit so stay quit. You can do it! 
You can do it. Hopefully you're at 51 by the time you're reading this!!! Make it to 100!!! 
You can do it!
Hey buddy how are you doing today?
