-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xpqu6/reset_againbut_doing_better/

Had 11 days sober but drank again in the days leading up to Valentine's day. I used to drink daily but after 11 days sober decided to drink again. I am proud that I was able to go almost two weeks but had forgotten how awful the hangovers are. So strange how that happens. Why I would want to trade a better night's sleep and less anxiety through the day for a couple of hours of buzzed or drunk "fun". .It really isn't fun. Its just a coping mechanism for me and an escape from anxiety. .After those 11 days I know I can do it I just have to try again. For those struggling today try again with me..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back to the party!! I just did a little experimenting myself after a nice sober stretch and yep -- SO not worth it :).I won't drink with you today. We've got this!
You can do it.
Thanks for reminding me it's still not worth it. 
11 days is no small thing. For what it's worth my "record" before my current number was 15 days and after that 15 days it still took me several months to stop drinking again. 
Keep on going you can do it!  I've had many set backs but always manage to get back up on that wagon.
This powerful introspection. If you know how bad you are going to feel why start? The vast majority of us here are incapable of moderating. If you find yourself thinking too much about the logistics the known consequencea the guilt etc the best decision is to quit why should you have all this extra weight on your shoulders? Life is complicated so to me it is a matter of simplifying it with one less problem. Iwndwyt
These types of shares are helping to save my ass and I'm a drunk of the hopeless variety. Thank you so much for sharing. You deserve a healthy happy sober life! We all do!
Don't you guys know to get a badge? I'd like to have it it's my first day today and I know it sounds stupid but I wanna belong here and see the number rise :)
I'm right there with you. Failed last night and starting over! 
Good job on 11 days. I goofed Monday. I'm resetting my badge. I got about 30 days this time.  IWNDWYT.
You're so right that you CAN do it this time without turning back. ...Same thing happened to me after 14 days sober and it was a mistake. Now I'm almost back to wher  I was. ...I have had a couple close calls but ultimately if I reach out to a friend and SD when I get REALLy tempted I'll stick with it. Proud of you!!
