-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xqjqv/5_days_in_and_anxiety_is_through_the_roof/

I've been suspecting a drinking problem for quite a few years now and this least Saturday I had an embarrassing brown out where I drank far more than I should have and to my horror was told I drank quite a few in the period I don't remember. I've only browned out a few times. I puked a little bit that night which is also a rarity for me...I've been here the past few days posting about my plans to  moderate better  and I've come to the realization that I'm not going to be able to moderate and my life would be better without alcohol. ..I stopped for 40 days around this time last year with little problem and felt like I had my stuff under control. Apparently not. The problem is this time I have the full acceptance of the fact that I can't moderate and  40 days  is a lot easier to swallow than  forever . ..To make matters worse it's been giving me extreme anxiety. Over the past 2 days I've slept maybe 8 total hours and 3 of those were last night. I can't tell if I'm in the middle of a pretty hefty detox (I drank a lot -10+ drinks- this weekend on a relatively empty stomach and dehydrated but I prior I hadn't drank for a couple weeks) or if I'm just in the middle of a full blown anxiety attack that has lasted days. I can hardly eat I'm drinking a lot of water but my mouth is still dry and I can't stop thinking about the fact that now I've accepted alcoholism as a label I'll forever need to watch out for relapses... which apparently the numbers aren't great for and they progressively get worse. ..I'm exhausted mentally but my mind won't stop racing. I'm physically depleted by I can't stop bouncing my leg. Im starving but can't hardly put anything down. ..I wish I never would have drank from the beginning. It's insane I'll always have to be on the guard for a disease that can come grab me 30/40/50 years down the line (I'm in mid 20s and still have a lot of life left to live). I feel like I've come to terms with it without actually accepting it as reality. ..Any advice on how I can calm myself down?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi I am only on my third day and here's what I am doing to deal with my anxiety.  Chamomile tea no news spa music or relaxing music on my iPhone or speaker reading posts on the website like it's my job deep breathing techniques water/juice walks and slow jogs telling myself that each minute everything is improving.  I hope this helps.  I will not drink with you today.
First off congrats on the 5 days that's awesome! I found that hard to deal with at first as well realising I can't moderate and that I probably have to give up forever and forever is scary. I know it's super simple but don't worry about forever just focus on today. Forever is just a succession of single days at a time. I don't worry about making forever happen as that's a gigantic task. Not drinking today is enough. I found being kind to myself and forgiving myself is important. I allowed myself to mourn and be sad that I could no longer enjoy nice wines and fancy gin. But I know there will be other delicious things - there's a whole other galaxy of stuff out there to discover. I have always been a very anxious person but I found once I got past the first week or so my ability to regulate my anxiety improved heaps. Funny that I used to drink to alleviate stress and anxiety and yet booze contributed to so much of it in the first place! Always play the tape forward when you get tempted too - think of how you will feel the next day and that often helps to make it much less attractive. Good luck you're doing great! 
10 drinks and then 4-5 days of abstinence doesn't sound like withdrawal symptoms to me.  We are all different but I would have 20 or so drinks per day and then withdrawal &amp; anxiety go away after two days...This sounds more like you stressing yourself out than actual withdrawal issues.  Do you tend to stress out over lots of things in life not just booze?
Hi Best thing I can tell you to do is Talk to someone I'm a binge drinker and binge coke taker I did 6 week off every thing and relapsed at the weekend thinking I could control it but I now know I can't control it 1 is too many and 100 is not enough is the saying and that's me I don't know when to stop talking to my councillor helps a lot with everything as I bottle everything up (stress anxiety work family) and use drink and drugs as self medication and which is not the answer try talking to someone it helps me and I'm considering AA as I've heard really good things about there meetings..
Calm yourself by thinking about the great times ahead .. you found this out In your twenties .. great job! Not until my fifties for me and so much wasted time .. so time is on your side my friend 
First take a deep breath. This is totally normal and I felt the same way when I first accepted the fact that I had a problem and moderation could not be part of the equation. ..Secondly accept that as long as you stay away from alcohol you are gonna be just fine. ..Third dont think about this as forever. Think about this as today. Tell yourself all I gotta do today- is not drink. ..I found that my anxiety greatly decreased when I came to accept my circumstances. I stopped looking at this as an affliction and looked at it as a gift to finally work on becoming the best me I can be. 
Good for you for taking this step   it's rough but you can do this! I'm an incredibly anxious person who drank heavily to counteract my anxiety. When I first attempted quitting my anxiety was debilitating a lot like you've described. My one coping mechanism had been taken away (for good reason) and without it I felt shattered...I wish I had a magic fix for you but there isn't one   I had to ride it out. But the one thing that did help was talking to someone I trusted about how I felt. Is there a close friend you could talk to who could just listen to you and provide support? It's difficult to overestimate how important that simple thing can be...It'll be a journey to figure out how to deal with your anxiety without booze   I'm still figuring it out. But after that initial rough patch my mental health has been better without booze (which makes anxiety worse in the long run) and I at least stopped burying the problem in poison to put off addressing it in a sustainable way. I'd recommend talking to your doctor and consider therapy. Good luck!
I experienced the same things anxiety panic sleep deprived dry mouth sometimes the only thing I could do was sit in the hot shower with the water running over me. This went on for the first 3-5 days and then it started to go away. I was 12+ a night. Hang in there it sucks really bad I know. I ended up going to the doctor for it I had to.
