-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xryee/does_anyone_else_struggle_with_sleeping_in_as_a/

It's been almost 6 months and every week still when "work from home" day or weekend days arrive I think "Ooo! I can sleep in tomorrow! Oh wait....it doesn't matter (for drinking reasons)." ..It's such an odd trigger--it's not like the typical "Friday night is alright for partying!" type deal. ..Anyone else struggle with this? Tell me I'm not alone :)
----------immediate responses--------

You're not alone! It's always tempting to get irresponsible when you don't have anything to be responsible for in the morning. Hang in there.
I called it 'getting away with it'.  Used that excuse for years until I couldn't.  It gets easier to be comfortable with those moments.  Well done on 6 months. 
Ooh yes I know exactly what you're talking about!    .I work from home sometimes so... "Hey I can drink the night before because I can stay at home".  .Sometimes it gives pretty bad results like this past Monday going into Tuesday.  
I've sort of had this. I made my mornings something I look forward to I love getting up early and taking my dog for a walk doing doing some exercises at home and then making a delicious breakfast. it's especially nice on days with no responsibility in the morning because I can take as long as I want for each activity
I agree 100%! I used to associate sleeping in as actually "lying in bed immobilized due to the hangover from hell". But you'll soon see sleeping in as recharging your brain with actual quality sleep and wake up so optimistic full of life and energy rather than pain fatigue and dry skin lol. ..Your body and mind thanks you!!!   
Yes. It reminds me of being hungover. I try not to do it but if I do I try to take it easy on myself and just do my best the rest f the day. .Nothing wrong with gettin' a lil extxra sleep :)
I do but not in that same way. If I don't get out of bed before 8 I start to get fuzzy headed and depressed. I NEED to get moving early in the morning. 
Yes I experience this! For myself I feel like drinking cravings are triggered when ever I allow my responsibilities to sway eg sleeping in or not being productive
