-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xugv3/i_feel_the_relapse_comming/

I'm feeling really anxious. After work I always pass by some bars and feel that just one can't do me wrong. Just one...One the 20th is my pay day. I'm afraid that I'm gonna drink that day. I been thinking about relapsing for a while now. I hope that everything turns out fine. Fuck man it's fucking hard...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

If I were in your shoes I'd think about it this way -- has "just one" done me wrong before? ..I will not drink with you today.
I want [to share this real quick ](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7vfj87/3_months_again/?st=JDP4O9NW&amp;sh=762f1ac2) .    we'll all be here hoping you make the right choice for you.  As for me I'll be here not drinking because it's just not worth it anymore... *I'm* worth more.  
I don't know what to say. I mean they say a relapse happens way before the alcohol touches your lips. This is definitely an example of that...The good news is you haven't relapsed yet and you don't have to relapse. ..I would think about why I quit. Those reasons are likely still valid...For me I was always drunk like all day long before work while at work (beers with lunch at the bar down the street) and after work. That lifestyle sucks. You are hungover and drunk every day. ..I don't drink because my drinking lifestyle sucks. I don't want to live like that because it's terrible. So I don't drink...Why did you quit?
one is where it all goes tits up! don't let the monkey brain trick ya - it's a sneaky bastard. 101 days is awesome work! you have done amazingly. this is just a fleeting fancy. i mean it's lingering in the fact that you've felt this coming for a while but fleeting in the grand scheme of 101 days and the rest of your life..if it wasn't hard it wouldn't be worth having. ..also never have i ever had a relapse that i haven't bitterly regretted...stay strong! you can ride it out - you've done it for 101 days so far!!
I don't have any sage advice as I'm much further behind you but I just wanted to say I'm rooting for you. Hopefully knowing you've got people on your team will help you feel strong. ..I'll be right here not drinking with you.
I don't have sage advice either but something my brother has been doing to me lately has really helped so I've been doing it to myself.  Like a child keep asking yourself "why".  I have thrown some questions out but you must ask yourself why and do not stop...Why do you think you are going to relapse?  As of this moment you are not relapsing you are merely worrying about the future.  You are presently making the right decision.  Stay in that present moment of pride.  You are currently strong.  And in an instantaneous moment from now...now! ..Why do you want to drink? Is it to get an escape from some pain or boredom?  Why do we need to escape from these feelings?  ..&gt;I hope that everything turns out fine. ..You have hope!  That's great!  It is certainly hard but you can be pretty hard as well.  You posted here so somewhere inside you is making the right decision in this moment and is **prepared** to make  the right decision in the next moment.  Clutch that steering wheel and drive!  (also maybe take a different way home why not?)  Stay strong!
Have you considered going to a meeting? I find that talking about it with other sober folks helps a whole lot.
101 days is NO JOKE. Why reset the badge??
I only have two days so I obviously know nothing.  I am commenting because I am three days past the NIGHTMARE of drinking.  I have some much admiration for someone who can do 101 days.  I have never done even close to that but people like you give me so much hope that I can get there and beyond.  I will not drink with you today.  You can do this.  One more day.
Buy something to support a hobby of yours on the 20th instead of drinking. I just bought new tires for my mountain bike for my 700th day.
If you were reading this post from another user  what would you writem to them?   What advice would you give? 
Good job to recognize it coming on. I have yet to wish I had drunk the night before. I found that addressing the HALT...hungry angry lonely tired can help keep the relapse away. Rooting for you. 
If you're posting here part of your brain is saying *NO.*  I think that the fact that you are reaching now a full *FIVE* days before your payday that says a lot about how strong you really are and how determined you are.  Don't you give up.  You can do this.  You're already heading it off at the pass.  
I went 97 days and got drunk at the bar. I ended up getting drunk a few more times after that in just a couple weeks. Stay strong man...I don't think it will be just one night.
Your in control of your actions. You haven't relapsed yet so don't. Think bout how shitty its going to feel the next day or about how there is a chance it might turn in to a week/month/year drinking shit show. Or all that you've gained from being sober. Call someone and hang out with them. Tell them about what your feeling. Buy a tub of ice cream and eat it all watching a film or show of your choice. Go to the gym or meditate. Go to a meeting if that's your thing. There is a million other things you could do instead of drinking and you have the freedom to choose. Good luck out there friend IWNDWYT
We probably all know the feeling. Maybe someone asked this but would you feel better afterward? Would it really help? I was so sad yesterday. I went through all the steps thinking about drinking and the consequences but I couldn't poison myself or let myself or others down if they found out. I had a really productive day today that I probably wouldn't have had had I drank. ..I wish you the best! IWNDWY ever! 
Dude I hear you I'm crashing so hard trying not to drink and it hasn't even been a month
You have come so far FerX316.  There are many of here pulling for you NOT to relapse.  101 days!  If you can go that long you can continue.  I am only 17 days not drinking my nightly bottle of wine and sometimes half of another one.  It is hard but the results of drinking just aren't worth it to me anymore feeling like crap the morning hiding my bottles from my SO the money spent the lack of motivation to do anything else but drink after about 7 pm the guilt the shame; it's all one flooded rabbit hole.  Plus it didn't even make me feel good just a downer.  Stay strong you got this.  IWNDWYT.
When I feel that way I allow myself to indulge in something way better for me than booze...Maybe get yourself a massage or an ice cream cake or hit your favorite restaurant. I can honestly say I've never regretted it. Can't say the same about deciding to have a drink tho lol..IWNDWYT 
Let me throw up my 2C.  I'm up in middle of night with extreme nausea and diarrhea due to withdrawal.  Sipping a LaCroix.  Luckily I have little going on tomorrow - some homework to get done (at age 42 as I change careers) - there is nothing but PAIN back here on day 2.  Whatever you think you are "missing out on" is a delusion total fabrication of mind.  The hardest part of getting sober for me is being suddenly and overwhelmingly aware of the damage I left behind and the messes I've made.  Self compassion has to take care of that.  I too have that voice that starts planning in advance for the party.  Tell it to STFU plan a different party for payday - BIG PIZZA with a sober friend - and remember how bad hangovers and withdrawal feel.  I feel HORRIBLE I smell horrible but by Monday the worst should subside.  IWNDWYT.
Keep strong 
Here's what I do/did - your mileage will vary...I learned after too many failures that my fucked up brain chemistry is screaming for that first drink.  All it wants is drink #1 because it knows that drinks #2 and beyond will take care of themselves. ..I talk to that fucked up brain chemistry - that devil voice that just won't shut up like it's its own entity and call it out and tell it to stop chattering.  I know what you're trying to do (suck me back into drinking) and I'm not doing it.   Then I usually drop a series of F-bombs and other expletives on the devil voice and I feel better less tempted.  ..Wow - an old drunk yelling at the voices in his head.  Yeah well whatever works.  This booze thing is a battle and alcohol is my enemy.   Good luck!!
I appreciate your anxiety.  Maybe on the 20th go a different way home?  Treat yourself to something you enjoy that isn't alcohol?  Make a plan to be with supportive people?  I hope you stay strong but regardless make your way back here!  IWNDWYT
