-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xw074/struggling/

Hey all ..I'm a 28 year old female... alcoholic for sure. I'm not new to this subreddit. You all were there for me when I stayed sober for a year in 2015/16. I relapsed almost a year to the day after I quit and I've been battling with alcoholism off and on since then. I had a week but threw it away last Thursday. Spent Thursday through Monday completely wasted... sneaking drinks... trying to postpone the massive hangover/shame/regret/anxiety that I knew was inevitable. It came to a head Monday night and I ended up screaming at my husband about how much I hate myself and how it's all his fault for not supporting me and he's the reason I can't stay sober. (A bit of truth there about his lack of support but of course my actions are my own and he doesn't deserve my drunken rage). We talked through everything since then and have agreed that I cannot drink at all and he won't bring booze into the house or suggest we go drinking. ..I'm just taking it one day at a time. Trying to run and drink plenty of water. But I'm just feeling so depressed... I'm not interested in doing anything but I'm feeling so antsy and uncomfortable. That first time I managed sobriety I rode the pink cloud for a long time and I just know that isn't going to be the case anymore. I feel emotionally drained and weak and I just want sobriety to be easy. Damnit. 
----------immediate responses--------

I reckon I would crack under that pressure. I relapsed because my computer broke down. I was six months out of life saving surgery for alcohol problems. Death wasn't even enough to stop me it would seem. But I'm here writing to you today knowing that there is a second life for you waiting. White knuckle it for today. Keep talking to conscious alcoholics who know. Remember the grace and love you felt in your pink cloud. Get on your knees and ask for hope. Even if you don't believe it's fun to pretend someone might just do something nice for you. Keep coming here and reading and writing. All the best. I will not drink with YOU today.
Relapses SUCK! But they do happen the important thing is you are here again and you know you can do it. Keep your mindset on the day without booze and eventually you will be looking forward to your sober anniversary! I'm right there with you and had to reset again. Past year been roughbut I can't give up! I Will Make It! And so will you. IWNDWYT!
I have reset in the past after some long stints sober. It happens to the best of us. Keep at it and you will get more out of it than if you don't. ..Cut yourself some slack and let the days be the days. Baby step your way back into things and when you feel up to it step out and do some fun things. ..That is what has worked for me. Hope you feel like you find yourself happy in sobriety soon. ..Sober on. IWNDWYT!..
