-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xylcp/what_keeps_you_going/

i'm at day 41. it's the longest i've intentionally been sober in my adult life (i might have been for just a bit longer a few years ago but it was down to illness). i'm not struggling per se i'm just not as jazzed about it as i was at first...when i started i was full of hope and intentions. and i'm making good on those intentions slowly but the fire has disappeared. and i guess it's like starting a relationship and then getting to something more steady - i know it can't be like that forever - but i feel like i'm in a lull between the heady excitement and gratitude that comes from the night and day difference between drinking and the beginning of sobriety and the perspective that comes when you begin to see really concrete changes in your life...what keeps you going - positively? it doesn't work for me to go "well my life would be a shit heap otherwise." it wasn't although my life is better sober. i want to look forward not back. i love to hear people's stories if you want to share!
----------immediate responses--------

[not wanting to die via liver cirrhosis/failure  bloody messy way to go](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7xyi43/this_is_very_scary_and_it_was_what_scared_me_into/?st=JDPY80M6&amp;sh=81218f71) 
We have a tendency to forget about all the shitty things alcohol does. It's part of the addiction. I try to remember how unhealthy I got how bad the hangovers were and most of all the fuckin withdrawal. At a certain point withdrawal gets worse and worse and I have reached that point. It is scary as fuck. A positive thing I like to remember is how much better things are getting in life. It is no walk in the park but the alternative is far worse.
The promise I made to myselfmy wife and my kids.The knowledge I am an alcoholicthere is no having a drink or moderating.My mornings are backI love my mornings.When I have doubts I go back and read my journal from the 1st few days.What my wife says about sober me.Thoughts of enjoying time with my kids and grandkids.The great big beautiful world! These are all things that keep me going.And my mantra I will never drink again.
(Its early heres a jumble of things  that funnily enough came up when i checked in with my sponsor last night and came up in my dreams)..What keeps me going? The idea that I can always improve something in my life. Complacency is dangerous for me because I'll slack on my program and become distant. .Also even though this thought is less intrusive due to me being on top of my shit and being spiritually fit as of late the idea of my Mom finding me dead with a needle in my arm choked on my own vomit shot and killed etc helps me get by...I have allot of yet's in my recovery involving adult things- Finance issues being truly homeless marital issues etc. But allot of things are no longer yets (that for a majority of people around me are not things they will experience or will not for years) for instance the severity of my alcohol and drug abuse; with my use of meth and pcp I have been compensating for the loss of an enjoyable high from small amounts of anything. Other yets have happened too like shooting up jails institutions but not death..Not yet. Thats what keeps me going. ..I dont wanna die before 18. The program taught me I'm worth so much more than that. God showed me that too. All of us are worth so much more. 
I'm on day 38 I think flair is being wonky but anyways. Because I'm sober below is what I was able to do yesterday...1. Get up at 3:30 AM to get to work by 5 AM.2. Work till 1:30 on 5 hours of sleep.3. Walk to bus stop take bus to depot walk 15 mins home after being on my feet for 8 hours.4. Take a nice shower walk to another bus stop and take bus to go get hair cut.5. Wonder over to Sears they are closing our store and now that I have money from being sober I can purchase things if I desire which is nice. I ended up finding a pair of Dockers for half price :).6. Went to Yankee Candle and picked up some samplers.7. Went to Dairy Queen and got a Blizzard.8. Took bus home and even though I was really tired when I did get home made myself a nice meal..9. Don't remember when I feel asleep woke up around midnight and TV was still on. ..I never would have accomplished any of the above if I was still drinking.
I am on Day 45 so just about where you're at.  I had a lull similar to what you're describing recently.  I think for me the freedom that not drinking brings is huge.  I no longer schedule my plans around whether or not things happen during my drinking time or on how I'll feel in the morning because I know I'll be hungover (or at least not feeling great).  Now I have the freedom to attend events that start after 5 p.m. and not worry that it's going to cut into my drinking time.  I have the freedom to do things early in the morning because my sleep is so much better and I no longer hate the way I feel each morning when I wake up.  ..There are many things I enjoy about being sober but the freedom is definitely near the top. 
The idea that I can handle an emergency at any time. If a family member or friend needed me at 2am I'd no longer be too drunk to help. Thoughts like that are fundamental in keeping me from picking up the bottle again :) 
Nothing  beats sober sleep!
Good question. There are so many improvements in every facet of my life it's hard to not to pick out an absence of a negative. Such as "I'm so glad I don't have 10-15 emergency poops every day" or "I'm so glad I don't wake up in the middle of a panic attack" or "I'm so I don't have to drink beer for breakfast just so I can feel normal."    .    .Mornings. I fucking love mornings now. This might be one of the most mind-blowing positive changes I have encountered. I was always a night owl. I was a bartender for 15 years. Going to bed at drunk at 4am was my normal. I have since quit working at a bar. Now I wake up without an alarm before dawn. I sit in front of my bay window in my living room and watch the sunrise over the mountains sipping coffee. This is a whole world I had no idea existed before. Waking up early without a hangover never gets old.    .Since I have quit drinking I have also started foraging for edible mushrooms. It takes lots of research and study in order to learn what's what in order not to kill yourself. It also takes a clear head and lots of energy to hike through woods to find some choice edibles...not something I would have been interested in 15 months ago. I cannot wait for spring to start looking for morels and chanterelles.    .The overall clarity from sobriety is really truly enjoyable. Daily meditation has also been helpful in enjoying the simplicity of the moment. Connection with the present is so enjoyable. I can't believe I spent 20 years hiding under the numbing blanket of alcohol..
Day 46. Honestly pretty much every aspect of my life is noticeably better in every possible way. It's still a struggle but I just look at the progress I've made in a relatively short time and that's enough to keep me going...I originally planned on just doing Dry January but as I approached the end of the month I was like "Nope I'm in this for the long haul. I'm not giving up everything I've earned in the past few weeks."
Good stuff:.I train martial arts a lot. I want to be as good as I can physically..I save money..I remember the good times and get togethers with friends..I'm reliable..It makes me more brave. .I'm a nicer warmer person...The bad:.Mum and dad are both big drinkers..My aunt died horribly at age 42 from drink (throat haemorrhaged into her lungs and stomach)..It's a depressant..Drunk people are jerks (myself included)..Booze is empty calories..It ruins social occasions..Only people who drink alcohol crave alcohol...There are loads but those are the first ones I can think of!
What keeps me going is the horrible memory of my last bender and the knowledge that as bad as it was it could have ended up much worse. I am grateful to be sober. If I drink again it will be worse because of the kindling effect. Reading here daily helps me stay sober. Reading relapse stories helps more than anything.
I'm on day 241 here and what keeps me going is that I seem to be evolving faster than I used to. Every 20 or 30 days or so something just changes within me. It can be something as simple as no longer feeling like I need to drink mass quantities of seltzer water just so survive a party. Or that after fearing that I had plateaued at the gym I suddenly realize I'm much fitter and stronger than I was even a month ago. ..These things just keep happening. I don't know why though of course I do. And even though sobriety won't be sunshine and roses all the time I just know that I didn't feel like anything at all was changing in the years of alcoholism I endured.
I compare not drinking tonight after three weeks to trying to get through the first three days. I had a terrible time and went through many 'day ones' which were all way harder than my first day twenty-one.
Not wanting my blood pressure to spike up again. Loving that each day I have plenty of energy and drive to go to the gym and take care of myself. Noticing that my SO is appreciating me and my sober coherent company more. Waking up and even if I didn't sleep very well still feeling 10 times better than if I'd woken up from a night passed out (as opposed to actually sleeping-- I for one can tell a big difference). Not having to go back and re-read the last chapter (or 2 or 3 . . .) of whatever book I'm reading each night because I remember everything I read the previous night. Remembering with clarity every conversation I have with SO or other friends and relatives. Not waking up and checking my social media to see what kind of cringe-inducing comments/posts I made. I could go on but I think this is enough from me!..I will not drink with you today. 
Not drinking in the last 2.5 months (aside from a small slip on NYE) - has made me in no particular order:..Happier.Healthier.Wealthier.Wiser.Calmer.Kinder.Quicker.Smarter.Braver..And in that time I have suffered zero alcohol related:..Hangovers.Heartbreak.Regret.Depression.Shame.Anger.Fights..Writing and reading that list keeps me going. I want a life with as much of the former and as little of the latter as I can manage. Drinking would be the no. 1 impediment to that. I see this now so clearly and I feel free in a way I never have before. 
I sort of feel the same loss of drive or go get it attitude; however I still am love being sober and all the benefits that come with it. I almost feel that lack of drive may be a good thing. Maybe I'm settling into this sober routine and am not needing to try so hard. My concern and focus now is not letting my guard down. I've had too many times where I did and went right back because I thought I had control over it. 
