-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y1bmn/im_a_21_year_old_alcoholic_i_want_to_stop/

Hi everyone. I'm posting this on my throwaway originally made for porn (I'd prefer no judgement please). I am a 21 year old alcoholic. I have had a drink every night for atleast 2 years now. An average night for me is smoking weed playing video games with my buddies and drinking straight out of the cheapest plastic bottled vodka I can get. If my girlfriend isn't working I'm hanging out with her but also drinking straight out of the bottle. On average I'd say I drink about 250-400ml of Vodka a night. I chase it with water people think I'm crazy but my body has learned to almost enjoy the taste. I need it to sleep. I need it to not feel anxious at night. Unfortunately my hangovers are what make me anxious throughout the day and I realize that. But I can't stop drinking. I can't moderate myself at night. I always tell myself before I start drinking "this is the night I start tapering I'm only going to have 3 or 4 pulls." But once I start drinking the beast inside me takes over and I just drink until I'm satisfied or I notice I'm starting to slur my words...My friends don't often drink with me. They don't mind me drinking as I function and don't act irrationally drunk around them. I don't drink during the day (anymore thankfully). I am in my 4th year of school and am on track to graduate with a STEM degree from a rather credible University. I have a beautiful loving girlfriend who I've been with for over 3 years now. I have a loving and supportive family who is always there for me. They have an idea of my drinking problem because a few times when I've visited home they can smell it on me at night or when I wake up in the morning...Essentially I have a good life. I'm just a slave to alcohol. I am a slave in the sense that even though I don't drink through the days the alcohol still affects me as I feel hungover until the late afternoon. I'm tired of it. A good day for me is when I wake up not feeling hungover and I am noticeably happier. A good day for me is not feeling anxious from my hangovers that unfortunately I've gotten used to. My dad was a raging alcoholic it almost tore my family apart. He's been clean for 12 years now and I'm very proud of him for it I know it was a struggle. His dad was an alcoholic as was his dad. It runs in my family. ..r/stopdrinking I'm tired of being a slave. I've come here to regain my life back. I am not depressed though I know I could be much happier if I was not a slave to this poison. I am coming here for advice as I obviously struggle to do this on my own. Thank you in advance for all the replies and I hope you have a good Friday.
----------immediate responses--------

I wanted to regain my life...I went to meetings just listened at first...I saw what I had in common.  I slowly learned how to stop and then live sober...Tried meetings?
welcome! We are glad to have you join us. You will get lots of support and encouragement here but one thing you will not find is a lot of people talking about how they successfully learned how to moderate...This is an elusive goal that millions have tried. And failed. Eventually moderation gives way to excuses. Excuses make it okay in the moment and then tomorrow morning you just hate yourself again. This is my experience and it's the same for most of us...Just focus on today. Will you drink today? That's all you need to worry about right now.  ..I will not drink with you today. 
Hey man just wanted to say posting this was a big step. Good on you! I wish I was as smart as you when I was 21 (29 now)!
Good for you for posting! It took me too long to summon the courage to admit that I wanted to change my life for the better. When I realized that I didn't feel 'normal' or 'myself' until I had whiskey in my system I became incredibly sad. Liquor is a tricky poison. It lies to you and promises comfort while evaporating good feelings from tomorrow. Since your'e at a university maybe there are services there that can help you? Maybe a professor that you have a connection with? It's beautiful that you're self aware and want to make your life better at 21 when society is telling you to party the hardest. Wishing you luck and IWNDWYT
Dude I so get you. Porn addict here as well alcoholic and was recently thinking about picking my weed habit back up which would directly jeopardize my STEM job in a very high paying industry just because. Because nothing else was fulfilling anymore. ..I graduated literally top of my class with a STEM degree from a reputable university. Alcohol doesn't care. ..I went to my first AA meeting yesterday and there was a guy in a tap out hoodie sitting next to a guy in a 3 piece suit and both of them could relate on the thing we all have in common. A disease. It's not your fault anymore than it would be if you contracted AIDS. But it is reality and we have to deal with it. Drinking only exasperates the problem. ..For me when I graduated college and found I was still drinking to excess I knew I needed to temper back. I took 40 days. Why not right? An alcoholic surely couldn't do 40 days right? I was no alcoholic I just was drinking more beer than I wanted. And I made the 40 days pretty easily. In fact it felt healthy. I felt great. Reset button right? Now I just set my limits *if* I even decide to drink. ..Within 3 months I was back on my regular drinking schedule which while it wouldn't make a doctor recoil in concern was pushing the  low risk  limits and that wasn't even counting the occasional binge where I would go over the limit when I went to party. Eventually I decided I needed to set a limit when I went out to bars... 4 drinks. Max.  Be an adult . ..But sure enough someone there wants you to drink one more. I know I shouldn't. But I *want to*. So of course I did. Next think you know I'm regularly drinking too much again. In less than a year from my break where I felt great after and didn't even know if I wanted to drink much anymore. ..Then last weekend I had a bad night. For the first time I blacked out in a bar and was told that I continued to drink during the time I don't remember. I've never done this before. ..You see the thing with alcoholism is it progresses. And it always gets worse not better.  And you don't want to wait until all of the good things you have going for you disappear before you decide to change that. ..The difference this time vs last time for me is this time I recognize that there's something called emotional sobriety. It's not just the alcohol. See something is *calling you* to that drink. You have some sort of issue that you are covering up. For me it is crippling anxiety. Which alcohol only exasperates so I need more. Until I fix that issue and god only knows how many more issues I've yet to discover I'm not going to get sober and surely don't have any chance in moderation. ..Within the past few days I've come to the realization of being an alcoholic meaning I can never drink again. Not moderate just never drink again. Even if I wasn't an alcoholic looking back there's very little difference between some people sitting in jail or dead than I other than a little dumb luck. I can point to several times each where I should have been arrested in a hospital had my ass kicked said something that jeopardized relationships or even dead. This one time I jumped from a height and god only knows how I'm not in a wheelchair at the moment. I've been pulled over right outside of my apartment underage with alcohol in my system and I'm the car and the only reason I can think that I wasn't arrested that night was the cop saw a kid with a bright future making a mistake. Talk about privilege/luck. ..The point is it's been a long time since I can honestly say my life was better with alcohol. If I ever could l I don't even know anymore. But looking back on the checklist of events I can tell you objectively my life has gotten worse. I found myself someone who is agnostic at best atheist at worst on my knees a couple nights ago begging for help from a god I'm still not even sure I know exists. But since then I've taken steps in the right direction and I can already see my life getting better not ever a full week into sobriety. I don't want to wait until it hits rock bottom and I lose my high paying job for doing something stupid. Some people at aa last night drink more in a day than I drink in a week. But I know I have the urge and a problem and have proven to date not to be able to control it. ..So the choice is up to you. You can definitely try and moderate and hopefully that works for you. I was lying to myself when I thought it would work for me. I have some deep issues to work out before that could ever be feasible that I'm just now even starting to uncover. I have a feeling by the time I've worked them out I'm not even going to care about drinking. But that starts with accepting that I'm not going to drink ever again even if I do care 30 years down the row...I hope you find your solution man. I really do. Your in the same position I was in a few years back and things have gotten far worse for me alcohol and underlying attitude wise not better. I would recommend you just try an AA meeting and see what's up. You don't even have to talk. ..For now though I won't be drinking with you tonight. 
I'm turning 31 and just recently gained the perspective that I should never drink again. Hindsight is 20/20. For me I was always a binge drinker from the first time I drank. I was always the last person standing at the party (think walking blackout) I got a DUI at 20 by crashing into a parked car after a party. I managed to make it through school got a B.S. in Biochem/Molecular Biology got a PhD got married had a really good life outwardly. But recently it all became too much and my wife has left me and my career is teetering on the edge of falling completely apart. I've had too many close calls countless and increasing in frequency blackout nights. I wish I had learned my lesson before I hit rock bottom multiple times. I wish I hadn't dug myself so many holes to crawl out of. They're all learning experiences for me but they are mistakes that can be avoided. I wish I wouldn't have waited until I fit the label of alcoholic. Even if someone doesn't fit the label looking around it seems obvious who the people are that are doomed to be slaves to ethanol. I wasn't an alcoholic 15 years ago but I'm a person who never should have drank to begin with. Best of luck. 
