-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y44hz/i_used_alcohol_to_forget_about_my_lack_of_social/

Hi..I am quite young I'm 21 but due to immense amount of drinking I was becoming addicted to it. I realized if I didn't make a choice to stop drinking soon I would drink myself to death. I was throwing up all the time feeling shit every morning getting to work late. I drunk not only to feel better generally but to forget about not having friends pretty much ever and having major anxiety. I learned to drink subtly in public going to public toilets to drink heavy liquor just after I got off work. I pretty much was drunk at least somewhat every time I went home and went I got home I would drink even more. There was no intervention nobody there who needed my sobriety I just realized after waking up in my own puke and piss again that I needed to change. ..Now I've been sober for a short amount of time. It's hard my anxiety is awful and my loneliness is kicking in. I have been trying exercising meditation CBT everything but I find it really hard to remain sober. I have thought about suicide plenty of times both when I was drinking and now when I'm sober. I feel the realizations I've been avoiding through alcohol start to overwhelm my sober self. ..I have been trying to make friends. I can talk to people normally now I'm no longer super anxious but without alcohol I have failed completely.  Most groups my age spend quite a bit of their time socializing and bonding whilst drinking. I have tried meetup Facebook Groups clubs through flyers they all drink. I don't drink and if I'm in that environment (in a bar etc) I will start to drink as I struggle with self-control and it's not fun being sober around drunk people. When I avoid going to the bar I become distant with my group. There's only a certain amount in my area and I've failed to make a single friend as they all become close through drinking and I usually turn up another day to see that people in the group have made connections already and I am usually ignored at this point. ..Sure I'm sober but I feel the same. Any advice from people who live in the UK perhaps? I'm at the end of my rope and I don't see a solution.
----------immediate responses--------

You have your entire life ahead of you. Props for being smart. Most people your age will never do this. When I was 21 all i could care about is gettin fucked up. Focus on your school work exercise and meditation. Join local clubs - like volunteer etc. Or sports clubs. 
Believe it or not I'm finding some aa groups are quite fun and young. Especially in younger areas/urban areas there's going to be some people around your age and they are also looking for things to do that don't involve alcohol. Go make some friends. ..From my experience everyone is overly nice and it's the complete opposite of a bar where everyone is standoffish. So far after 2 meetings I've felt on top of the world with joy by the time I left stone cold sober. The last time a actually had a lot of  fun  at a bar was quite long ago...2 days ago accepting alcoholism felt like a death sentence. After leaving my second meeting admitting being an alcoholic and going to meetings may be one of the best things I've ever done. YMMV but it's been the complete opposite of lonely imo. 
You are amazing for putting the brakes on so young!  Honestly I wasn't half as wise and you it took me until I was 52.  I hear your dilemma; just about everything has alcohol associated with it somewhere.  Most sports have a huge drinking culture.  One suggestion if you are into the environment or animal welfare at all.  I have worked and volunteered extensively in these areas over the years and they have been the only places in life I have found drinking does not factor into it.  Also incredibly nice altruistic people and also attracts the loners the different and the introverted.  Particularly animal welfare for the introverted.  I wish you all the best you sure have the smarts.  Go for it!  .
Loneliness was a big part of depression for me... Have you ever been screened for it? .
Since you live in a big city there's got to be a way to connect with people who are also non-drinkers. Coffee shops bookstores etc. might be good places to meet new people (male or female) but I also realize the difficulty in initiating a conversation. Some sort of a club or community sounds like the easiest pathway to meeting new people aren't there any without drinking involved? ..If I were you I may consider first working on getting truly sober and then joining clubs where people drink but you don't. But I am very hesitant to offer that because of the major relapse risk (I don't even know if I would do it myself actually). Getting to know people who are also trying to get sober I think solves both problems but I am afraid you already know this and it sounds like there are not that many opportunities around you? I wish I could help much more.
I'm very sympathetic to your situation.  At your age in your culture (UK) not drinking is definitely a radical move.  And I also get that at your age socializing is very important...There's no easy answer here.  Going back to drinking isn't an option as you'll only end up where you were if not worse.  ..I wish I could make you appreciate the courage and will you're showing.  You know how in superhero movies the hero has to go it alone for a while?  Batman getting his training up on that mountain while everyone else is having a good time partying elsewhere in the world?  In a way that's you...Since you mentioned meditation is there a meditation center near you?  Those people do not drink (or if they do it's very little) and they are welcoming.  You might give it a try...Things are going to be ok.  You're going to make friends and the friends you make will be real.  I can tell you as someone much older that a lot of friendships derived from boozing rely on boozing.  When one person decides to go sober they often realize there was little there but a common drug of choice...As much as it's not what you want to hear - continue to focus on you.  Put your sobriety above *everything*.  You do these things and you will be repaid in spades.
