-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y6l4c/three_years_and_three_months_still_struggling/

I'm in a bad place right now really really really bad..I still walk by the alcohol in the store the few times I actually go but it's getting harder to do. I just want a sip and I know that's going to turn in to a bottle and another and another...It feels like three years and three months are nothing. It feels like it's impossible to keep that streak going. I just want a drink or ten to numb myself further...I'm so close to givining in. I know I need help but the AA meetings seem distant like they have no room for me after all it's been over three years since my last drink why would I go and take up room?..My friend tells me to go anyways that it can strengthen my resolve. But it feels like I don't even want to strengthen it. I just want to drown myself in alcohol like before. ..I even long for the hangover and the withdrawal symptoms I'm so far gone. I don't even dare go to the store alone..I've done good I know that. But it just feels so hopeless and useless right now...Reading this sub has helped me but it can only do so much. And I just want one. freaking. drink. (Or ten)
----------immediate responses--------

Wanna talk about your problems instead? What's going on OP? What's your bad place? We're here for you. You wanting to drink right now is probably just a symptom of your circumstance. What's the cause?
Congratulations on your Progress!  ..Sorry to hear about your present situation...I'd just go to a meeting and listen...I get comfort support and a new perspective...Hoping the best for you.
Drinking will make your depression worse. I am confused why you can't get counseling? And AA was my biggest support. I couldn't have stayed sober without my sponsor. I can hear your pain but don't make excuses. Do whatever u need to do to stay sober. 
I absolutely look up to you.. Over three years is truly amazing! I hope you can get through this rough patch i can't imagine resetting that number.. We are rooting for you! &lt;3 IWDWYT
I'm so sorry you're struggling...&gt;but the AA meetings seem distant like they have no room for me after all it's been over three years since my last drink why would I go and take up room?..In my homegroup there is wonderful 94 year old gentleman. Why does he keep coming back? Because he feels that he needs the meetings. There is *always* room for any one of any age or length of time sober...Please keep posting. I'm thinking of you and hoping that you remain vigilant. 3 Years and 3 Months?! Man that's *AWESOME*!
Thinking of you and wishing you all the strength you can muster.I don't  go to AA but if that's what helped you before please go again. You are not alone.
I've only got 5 months sober but to hear that it can still be a struggle 3 YEARS in is kind of strangely comforting to me. It tells me that my struggle is like everyone else's struggle. That I am not alone. That what I feel is normal. Like I said I'm pretty new to this sober thing. But I think I can safely say that you are normal too. Your struggle is real and understandable and normal. And that's why we support each other. Because we all know what this Hell is like. We all get that yearning for one more drink one more bottle one more night.  But if you won't drink with me I won't drink with you either. 
is there anything in your area that is a charity-based counselling service? or any unis/colleges that train counsellors often look for potential counsellees. you said yoga below that's good and just meditation and mindfulness generally. i also wonder if there's any groups for people with ptsd in your area?..i'm so sorry you're being failed by the healthcare system in this way. i'm in the uk and my experience of mental health care here is atrocious too but i can't imagine waiting for so long. ..three years and three months is incredible though. you don't need a drink it doesn't serve you. i understand that feeling of sheer relief when you gulp something down and the buzz hits you. but this is not going to help in the long run it really really isn't. you can do this people are here on SD. keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Year 3 was really rough for me.  I was struggling with a lot of stuff mentally  even with years of trauma therapy behind me. I kinda had a fuck it attitude. For me the answer was medication but obviously that's different for everyone. Are you working with a therapist of any sort?  Seems like seeing a professional could help. I also liked doing SMARTS cost benefit analysis which was up on their website. Reminded me of why I was staying sober in the long term. Hang in there :)
