-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y7k3k/im_here_again/

It was about five months ago that I made the decision to stop drinking. I made it to two weeks when I made plans with a friend to go to my  Cheers ..I went and my sobriety ended. ..I picked up a guy at the bar that night. A one night stand turned into a relationship. I moved in with him two weeks later and now it's five months later and I am here writing to you all again on this sub. ..I completely ignored that I thought I had a problem. You see the guy is a huge drinker himself. I felt that as long as I wasn't drinking as much as him then I don't have a problem. I have also used him as a reason to drink. If he's drinking then it's no problem if I do. ..I have been going to work hungover everyday this week. And although I get my work done I feel as though I've been struggling. My attitude is off my body feels like crap and I always think when I get off work I will just go home and rest but I don't. I stop at the bar and stay there for a few hours and start the whole thing over again. ..My relationship is a mess. I'm very unhappy. And he's not happy either. I woke up this morning hungover and ashamed of myself. It's 11 in the morning and while he's still passed out in bed I've been sitting in the living room thinking back on everything. ..Alcohol has played a huge role in our relationship. Not only was it the cause of our meeting but it has been the cause of so many of our problems. ..I've made the decision to stop drinking. I need to continue my life with a sober mind because my drunk mind is not making the right decisions for the life I want to have. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! Sounds like you've pinpointed all of your triggers and what needs to be done to get your life back. Good luck! IWNDWYT :)
Welcome back! It's good to have you here. Good for you on your choice. Life is too short to be miserable. All the best on the journey ahead! I will not drink with you today!
Stopping was one thing; staying stopped another. I had no clue how to have a happy sober life so I got help starting with a therapist. Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system.
Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.  What's next?
I too as a guy have gotten myself into fleeting relationships in the past fueled by alcohol and inflated admiration for that person beyond what you would normally feel.  It never ends well for either person. You're not alone.  I just passed my two week mark when I haven't gone more than a couple of days in YEARS.  You can do this.  We're here with you and you're not alone.  We will not drink with you today!
Getting sober made me realize more than ever that my actions create my Destiny. In the beginning of my sobriety the only action that mattered to me was not drinking so all of the actions I did beyond that had to support my action of not drinking. It felt really limiting at first and turned my whole world topsy turvy but it led me down a road to freedom. I do not miss my old life because what I have found is better than I ever thought was possible. You have an amazing Destiny waiting! You can do this! 
Hi Chellie. I found it helpful to stay single for a while during my periods of change. I am newish to stopping drinking but it served me very well getting clean years ago. Now I advertise myself on my apps as "don't drink" or "gone sober" so I don't find it tempting to drink on a date and because I know when I was drinking sober partners were a turn off. 
