-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y7sbj/apparently_being_an_alcohol_defines_who_i_am/

Normally my Saturday is me waking up with a hangover drinking coffee and water until I feel normal and waiting till 6 o clock in the evening so I can start drinking. Today I didn't wake up with a hangover but now I can't find the motivation to do anything. I know I could go to the movies or go hiking or go do just about anything but nothing sounds good I can't even bring myself to watch tv or play games. It's like without the anticipation of drinking I've lost interest in anything and this is about the point I relapse every time. Maybe if I just lay around feeling sorry for myself I at least won't have the motivation to go get alcohol. I don't want to live as an alcoholic my only interest in life getting drunk but I also don't want to live life as a recluse just spending my weekends in bed feeling sorry for myself.
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes just forcing yourself to do something is the best thing everytime I feel like nothing is interesting I just pick something I used to enjoy or some small achievable task that I've been putting off and just do it. Best of luck.
I found that I didn't want to exercise before I did exercise but after I did exercise I felt great and glad I did it. Exercise is an option. It makes you feel good and puts you in a good mood.
I understand.  Something that helped me was going to a meeting and just listening.  I'm with other sober people.  I get ideas about what to do.  I meet sober people ..
I agree with the other posters. Sometimes you have to force yourself to get up and do something. Once you start you'll be glad you did. I know it's hard to find that motivation but you put down the alcohol and that's the hardest part so I know you can do it! IWNDWYT
You won't be like this forever. Promise. Take a walk and genuinely tire yourself out a bit so you are ready to come home and watch something mindless awhile while you continue to get better. Be kind to yourself. .IWNDWYT
I'm in a similar situation....
