-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y8dzd/100_days_three_quick_and_easy_steps_to_sobriety/

Ha got you! There are no quick and easy steps you know that. But there are steps and I do promise it gets better! Just stay in there do your thing and you will win. This is what keeps my boat floating:..- Step out of the shadows. Posting commenting and being part of the community changed everything for me...- Set a goal. One hour one day one week; this trip that visit - and count your victories! Then you know you can do it the next time too...- Moderation doesn t work. I tried it for ten years and it only made me miserable...- HALT. When I crave am I really hungry angry lonely thirsty? Staying one step ahead with some water fruit or a snack has helped me *a lot*...- Play the tape forward. What happens if I take this drink? The next hour the next day the next week?..- Get to know your triggers. Want a drink? Take a step or two backwards and see what happened. Then try to avoid it. It takes time to create new patterns but it works. Knowledge is bliss...- Allow yourself to mourn the losses. For me it s like a long and painful breakup with the love of my life. That is *in addition* to lost opportunities growth finances relations you name it...- Discover new joys. I ve always loved fresh roast hand brewed coffee; now I love it even more with add-ons. Like coffee w/70% cocoa on the side coffee w/sunrise coffee w/a new Moomin mug you name it...- Afraid to fall? My motorcycle teacher taught me that if you stare at an object in the road you will hit it. Look where you re going not where you re not going...- Did you fall? Don t despair. Get up. The failure isn t in falling it s in not getting up again...- Struggling with motivation? We all do. Go for resolution in stead. Motivation shifts resolution stays...- Impatient? Waiting for that spunk clarity weightloss zen born again bliss peace of mind? It took time to get where you are. It will take time and work to become the person you want to be too. But you know what? You are already on your way and that s *your* doing. You can do this...**A huge shoutout to all my friends and fellow travellers here at SD you have taught me so much. I admire your love affection and wisdom. To a hundred more!**
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; Moderation doesn t work. I tried it for ten years and it only made me miserable...I would say the most common relapse posts on r/stopdrinking are those in which OP did a period of time sober and then thought he or she could moderate because he or she was able to stay sober for that period of time. It's like we need a stickied post on this sub with the title "PSA: You Can't Moderate!"
Thank you for your post. I am happy not to be drinking with you today
Thanks for a lovely post! 
Congratulations on hitting the century mark! Thanks for sharing what works for you. 
You got me with the clickbait. "Who do they think they are fooling?!" ..Good job on 100 SaintHomer. 
Are you an inspirational speaker???  .Well written. Thanks for posting.
To add to the community step coming clean with friends and family about my drinking problem and sobriety goals helped give me strength. Surprised at the support given since I expected to be treated as an outcast and friends getting me ginger ale at gatherings or saying how proud they are of my continued sobriety helps a ton.
Congratulations! THIS is a great list! Hits many major points. Keep up the good work!
Good job on the 100 Homer!
Great list Homer!
I really loved the motorcycle analogy - so true.  Thanks for such a great list and IWNDWYTD!
Today I really wanted a beer due to stress this week I knew it wouldn't just be one. I wanted to get hammered so instead I told my girlfriend I was fixating on it. Just telling her gave me a sense of relief and was able overcome the craving. ..When I learned to ride my dad and the class taught me the same thing luckily after discussing my feelings my fixation stopped.
I'm so proud I've gotta say it again SH: **CONGRATS!!!** ;)
Love this post!.Thank you so much for sharing!
"Afraid to fall? My motorcycle teacher taught me that if you stare at an object in the road you will hit it. Look where you re going not where you re not going."..I love this thank you.
Oh I didn't miss it just a bit late!  I'm so happy to have found you along this path.  I've loved hearing about Saint Marge and all the saintly kids over the months.  I'm proud and happy for you!  Here's to resolution and determination!
