-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y8f1k/i_come_here_for_the_truth/

I've gone a couple months now and feel pretty good.  Sometimes I wonder why I keep reading this sub but it dawned on me today.  I need the truth.  Left up to my own devices my addicted brain will tell me that drinking really wasn't that bad and it can be great if I start back up and keep it in control.  This is a total lie. Our brains lie to us.  We need the truth of the posts here as proof of that.  We need the day one people struggling but with a firm resolve to remind us of our own struggles.  We need the 20 year folks as a reminder that we can do it and that we can't let our guard down...Everyone here helps contribute to a larger truth that our brains would not give us on our own.  Thank you all.
----------immediate responses--------

I spend about 3 or 4 hours a day here everyday. Just reading sometimes commenting.. I stopped coming here cause I thought I got this on my own. I slipped. But I learned constant support even if it's not intended for me helps. This place is my savior. Seriously.
I'm here every day too. My rock.
Couldn't agree more. Just finished week 1 and this sub has been the foundation. Hoping to keep the momentum with daily checkins reminders and inspiration here!
I am here reading every day as well exactly for the same reason! Thank you everybody! I will not drink with you today!
This is so true. This place is very different than books videos blogs etc. because you are constantly reminded by literally thousands of people on how one tends to slip the triggers what works what doesn't regrets morning after shame and why moderation is a bitch. There is something about reading these from so many different people with virtually the same experiences. There is power in that which you correctly call the truth. In my 40 years of life I have never seen an online community this powerful and helpful. 
For almost six years I tried to go it alone thinking I could  man up  and fix myself without talking about or sharing my issues with anyone.  Time after time within a few months sober I would start to romanticize my past drinking in my mind that I wasn't actually that bad that I can definitely stick to just a few a week if I really try that I have regained control that I don't really have a problem because I've seen real alcoholics and that's definitely not me ect....  ..We are so good at tricking ourselves aren't we?  I've only been on SD for three weeks or so and this is the first time in my life sharing any of these problems but it is amazing the support this place provides.  Everyday I check-in and read some brave stories of other people's struggles struggles I know all too well personally and it becomes so uplifting to know I'm not alone.  So often I've driven myself crazy thinking there must be something inherently wrong with me because it has always made me feel isolated and alone.  I don't know anyone here but I feel accountable to the group.  Anytime I feel an urge or start to think about moderation I can come here and read about people going through the same exact thing and then it becomes so easy to see my thoughts at that moment for what they are.  I will not drink with any of you SDers tonight.
Yaaas
I agree. While I don't exactly enjoy focusing on sobriety all the time because i' d just really like to not think about alcohol at all I'm scared to not focus on it because of what might happen if I don't. So I just come here on the regular get my sobriety fix and then head on out. :)
