-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y9hp1/spoiler_alert_annoying_stopped_drinking_and_damn/

I'm past the 30 day mark. Only one thing would make this day better - if I had my new star to look at! .Wanted to take a minute to thank this community:.Here I had something to cling to in those first few days of sobriety..Here I learned about the naked mind which led me to engage in annie's alcohol experiment and get educated from a different perspective..Here I learned about AA Refuge Recovery &amp; Smart. I have even gone to some meetings..Here I came to understand that my miserable failings at moderation was a common experience and that total abstinence was a mindset that eased many of my struggles..Here I could post about my ridiculous behavior around drinking that forced me out of some denial that I know was going on. ..Now things are good. In fact the things that I was upset about in my life turns out - I was much better at dealing with once I stopped drinking. Imagine that. Every aspect of my life is better. Do I still have problems? Yep. Only now I can actually deal with them head on.  .I am thankful to have this place I can come to for further encouragement in my quest for abstinence. If you are new here you are in the right place. Stick around..Thank you everybody for not drinking with me today!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Cool
Brilliantly put and I'm about the same time sober. I have enjoyed evening out at bars as long as company and music is good. Life is so much easier to handle sober.  This Naked Mind was a major turning point for me and I only knew about that due to this site. Let's keep on!   We're smashing it xx
Who's annoyed? I'm inspired by every single one of these. Need them in fact. Thanks and congrats!
So good!!!
Clever post-- love it! Congratulations. I'm approaching 30 now. This coming Thursday will be 30 I believe. Feeling healthier stronger and loving the mental clarity. I could not have done it without you and all my other friends here at SD. Can so relate to what you said about having this sub to cling to in the early days. ..I will not drink with you today. :)
I am fairly new to reddit so was nervous to click the spoiler thing. But it is totally fine. Life doesn't go away when we get sober. Our problems are still there and sometimes we feel so raw. Plus we can't hide for an evening of intoxication...I totally get the making the decision leaves your mind free. I took a vow after educating myself this go around and I can mostly focus on other things besides whether or not I should drink. I just move on if the thought crosses my mind because it's not a possibility for me even when I feel very sad...IWNDWY ever and I wish you the best!
