-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7y9oyy/sick_of_feeling_like_this/

This is my first time posting I've been lurking for awhile but I never took it seriously but I'm finally at a point where I can't do this anymore. ..The last few years I've been using drinking as a crutch using it to make friends dealing with stress but it only causes problems for me. I have OCD and anxiety problems and it makes it so much worse. I feel guilty about everything constantly...It affects my relationship with my wife I just feel like I'm constantly letting her down. Last year we had a big fight over it and I cut it back a lot which has helped but I still slip up last night was one of those times. ..I was trying to make friends with some new coworkers as I've started a new job and have been struggling to fit in. I feel like I made an ass of myself shared a lot of personal details about myself that I'm regretting and this is just a repeat of every time I go out...I had a really great talk about it today with my wife and she's super supportive so I'm very grateful. But it's just another wasted day feeling sick puked once. Why do I keep doing this? It's not worth it and I just can't live like this anymore. ..I've said a million times I'm going to stop or cut back and I just don't follow through. Today is the day.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Hope it sticks. 
Very good. Sounds like you're ready to commit to yourself. You can do this. IWNDWYT!
For me knowing I had to cut back was recognizing I had a problem. When I finally realized that I would never be able to cut back was when I recognized that I no longer wanted to have a problem.  Everyone is different so good luck on your journey.
For me there was no cutting back. And the more I see the less I think anyone can. ..Giving up for good has been like removing a harness from my neck I didn't realise I was dragging that huge cart of broken promises and empty bottles with me everywhere and it was getting heavier every year.
