-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ybeav/stranger_looking_for_help/

hi everyone i'm am alcoholic looking for some help.  i have been a heavy drinker for much of my adult life but last year i dropped out of professional school after being hospitalized for a suicide attempt.  it left me nearly a hundred thousand dollars in debt and i'm currently being supported by my wife while i am returning to school to get a second degree...a few months ago my heavy drinking turned into abuse.  most days i wake up and have half a pint of alcohol.  i would say i average a pint and a half of alcohol a day.  i drink at work i drink at home I can't stop.  Anything to make the days pass faster.  i am very depressed and my medication isn't working.  i can't afford rent let alone to see a counselor or a psychiatrist.  I have no one besides my wife who i love very much.  She hates my drinking and wants me to stop but she loves me too much and she puts up with every relapse and every false promise I make to tell her i want to quit.  i can't figure out how to get back on the right path.  I'm two years from finishing my second degree and I feel like such a failure.  I can't afford to feed myself or clothe myself...the love of my life plays double duty as my mother.  I feel so pathetic so alone so sad and like such a failure.  I used to be lauded by everyone around me.  I felt so important.  And the past few months I feel worse than worthless and I feel like I could wake up homeless tomorrow.  I really need some help and I read a post on Reddit from another redditor who said this sub really helped him.  I just think  anything to get better.   Here's a shot in the dark but I was hoping someone could help me.  Best
----------immediate responses--------

AA worked for me. And I asked my wife at the time to attend AlAnon because alcoholism affects everyone in the family. ..Sounds like you might be ready to give it a try. ..There are other programs and resources but AA is the only thing that stuck for me 
You can do this! I swear you can do this! This sub is filled with people who have struggles for decades with drinking who's gotten support here and who have overcome their addiction! ..If it is possible please seek professional help! Even though it's  just a support group  I promise it gets so much better to share it with people in a similar situation! I promise you it only gets better.
Stick around and read it helped me a lot. Don't lose hope!
Hey there! I hope everything is going as good as possible for you in what I'm sure are trying times. What really helped me after being able to admit to myself that I had a drinking problem was figuring out what lead to me having a drinking problem in the first place. I came to find that my drinking problem was the result of escapism. Running away and turning a blind eye towards inner pain and suffering rather than dealing with it. But eventually came the day to stop running and start facing it all. And while not a pleasant process unimaginable sweet relief was on the other side. I know the feelings of sadness loneliness and worthlessness you speak of. I know what it's like to want to completely give up and stop being alive. But I also now know it's absolutely something that can be worked through in a healthy manner and that a happy life is within reach to all people. ..When I was in that mode of being I couldn't have imagined it ever ending or things being different but once it was over I saw clearly how all things pass. Good things and bad things. They all end eventually no matter what. So the key is to get all you can out of it while you're still there. What can you get out of your current situation? Seems to me you recognize exactly what you don't want and you want to change. The perfect starting point! Good luck to you everything gets better the more you are able to take an honest sincere look at yourself and see nothing is wrong!
Seeking help and admitting to oneself we need it is the biggest step.  Don't stop seeking help until you find the things that work for you.  In my experience it took a combination of supports to work toward stopping drinking.  This sub helps a lot for me.  In the early months I also went to AA.  I was totally against it had a terrible attitude about it and practically was draggef kicking and screaming by a friend.  It was hard finding the right group and fit but I did.  It's free people are very open and helpful and there are more groups than you'd imagine.  I would suggest trying a few and taking what you think works from it.  I went 5 days a week for 3 months.  Even the meetings I hated I'm grateful for now.  The conscious cycle of drinking because we feel bad and feeling bad because we drink is much more stupefying than I realized while I was in my throes.  You can do it.  I was the most hopeless of lost drunks and if I can make some semblance of progress from the chaotic broken shards of my life I imagine practically anyone can.
Sorry to hear about your situation.  Life throws me curves sometimes...I need support and structure to not drink.  ..You have plenty to offer.  Alcohol robs me.  Robs my loved ones...I went to meetings and just listened.  I heard my story.  I got support and things started turning around...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
There is a solution and help is all around you right now.  Best wishes in reaching out for it.  What is the easiest way for you to get help today tonight or tomorrow?  ..Hanging here on SD can be helpful but I needed face-to-face IRL HELP.  Usually AA is a logical path because it is free anywhere anytime and open to all.  If you can afford a Dr. or treatment they can be effective also.  ..If you have too much money a few months at residential rehab. in CA or the Caribbean would be my first choice but I had to go to AA.
You can stop here with us. Read around and get oriented and maybe you'll find that it's your Day 1. We do it together. I'm glad you're here.
