-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ycs3z/went_to_a_wedding/

A family member of mine got married today. I had just hit the 40 day mark and was feeling pretty good about it. I was also feeling pretty confident I wouldn't be overly tempted at the wedding. So far I haven't had too many struggles when going out being around booze. ..Tonight was the same for the most part. When supper was served I had a couple brief moments of envy looking at everyone else at the table drinking wine. I sort of thought to myself 'a glass of red might be nice with my meal.' But that was just a short blip didn't last too long and wasn't tough to dismiss. ..Then as the night went on watching what was going on around me and the deterioration of people's conditions just really drove home why I don't drink anymore. ..A family member got into a drunken blow out fight with their partner tears were shed they disappeared to argue in private for like two hours missing a bunch of the wedding reception etc. ..There was this one woman - a family friend of some sort - pretty much just falling all over the dance floor trying to get children to dance with them who had no interest in doing so yanking on their arms till they cried being super inappropriate and was also completely oblivious that what she was doing wasn't ok. Then there were the hushed whispers from others there about past behaviour of hers and how she was an alcoholic. ..There was so much wine spilt all over the place it was ridiculous. At one point earlier in the evening I was talking to a family member of mine who I really love and respect but who is a functioning alcoholic and heavy drinker. I noticed his hands shaking and how it stopped as he got a few in him. I just remember thinking to myself 'I'm glad I've quit at 25 and won't be like him at his age.'..A number of people were so hammered they could hardly walk. A few of my family members and quite a few others in attendance will probably not remember a decent chunk of the wedding which is a shame. ..It wasn't a total gong show. Some of the people there were able to hold their liquor just fine. But so many clearly weren't. Some were a total mess. I genuinely don't miss drinking at all. Instead of being one of the drunks I served as designated driver for like nine people at the end of the night making sure everyone got home safe..Now I've crawled into bed to read a little bit before falling asleep. And tomorrow when my family all gets together for breakfast (at least the ones who are able to make it out of bed) I'll be feeling rested and great while quite a few will be nursing some serious hangovers. ..Why would anyone want drink themselves into oblivion like that? I mean I used to do it so clearly I knew at one point what the apparent draw was but I genuinely can't see the appeal anymore. ..Anyways that's it. Sorry for the long rambling post. ..p.s. badges are back yay.
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!!  
I remember going to weddings when I was pregnant. I was horrified. People that I respected and thought were intelligent having repetitive slurred mind numbingly boring conversations. I was so depressed I left early. I have a wedding coming up in June. The first since giving up for non-pregnancy reasons. I hope I stick to my guns.
Congrats
It's a drug. No one in their right mind wants to feel like that. Only drug addicts do.  Luckily we are getting better. IWNDWYT 
Yep.  Drunk People are stupid...I have a tattoo on my left wrist with my sober date.  And on my right wrist I have the letters N.G.B.T.G.A."Never Gonna Be That Guy Again!"..Watching drunks now is so pathetic.  Remembering that I was once "That Guy" is what keeps me sober.  Never again. 
Wow I absolutely loved this post - Thanks for sharing - that night would have been a massive temptation for me and I'm not sure if I would have got through it - but I love how you watched the horrible face of alcohol rear it's disgustingly ugly face and remind you of why your doing it! Brilliant post and experience to keep you (and us) on track 
