-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yefs9/recommitting_again_wife_and_mom_struggling_and/

I am happy to have come across this subreddit. I want to be a better mom and wife. I want to be healthy mentally and emotionally and physically. ..Recently I noticed that my biweekly drink has become nearly everyday. And I have had 3 bad interactions that stand out in my head - with each of the three most important people in my life: hubby and two young daughters. I behaved like an asshole following my near nightly drink fest. I am ashamed of how I behaved. ..Lately I have also come to notice that in the morning I tell myself I don't want to drink yet by 3:30-4:30- I want a drink very much. And I usually have 2-3 drinks...Lies I tell myself:.It's not a big deal. I am stressed and this will help. Other moms drink. Being a mom is hard and this helps. I'm lonely and want to feel better. ..Reasons I don't want to drink:.I want to be a better mom and wife. I want to lose 20 lbs and my drinks are a ton of calories! I think drinking grabs hold of me and I do it daily rather than occasionally. Dehydration is bad for me and my eyes look like shit - puffy in the morning following drinks...What I am asking for:.Please support me especially between 3-6pm.... I'm struggling lately. I don't have family close by and don't have friends. (Relocated then spent 7 years in grad school and lost touch with everyone while in school). ..Thank you in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

My story is very similar I'm here to support you my friend...I will not drink with you today
I just posted for the first time here we have similar situations.  What I hadn't mentioned were the arguments how easily the nastiness can fly out after a couple drinks.  Since stopping my drinking a month ago the arguments with my husband have lessened immensely and I no longer feel guilty not being there for my daughter at night while I was in my buzzed or drunken haze.  I would often say the wrong thing to her (she's 14 a sensitive teen!) and she would shut me out for the night.  What an awful mother I would feel like. That time 3-6pm is also hard for me its when all the stress of the day reaches a threshold and you just want release.  There has to be an alternate method.  Walk? Clean?  Hell fold some laundry while watching a show.  Distraction is key...I will not drink with you today. We will be strong.
I didn't start out sneaking drinks and drinking daily.Alcoholism is progressive.SD has been a huge support for me.I kept a journal and wrote alot the 1st  few weeks. The first day while everything was fresh I wrote every bad thing I could think about past and present about my drinking all the embarrassing stupid things I could think of.I also wrote down all the reasons I want to be sober in detail.I still add to both lists.Whenever I feel weak I visit those pages.I also came clean and talked alot to my wife and my adult children who now all support me.My wife is my main support and says I am a much betternicer more thoughtful partner sober.These are just some ideas or thoughts that Might give you some ideas.Iwill not drink with you today
I feel you. My only real friend right now is my live in boyfriend bc we relocated in October. You can do this! It sounds like you already have a lot of good reasons to keep you strong during those cravings. Utilize them. Play the tape forward on what could happen if you indulge in that wine again. Have a plan for what you're going to do to stay distracted between 3-6. Hop on here and read/comment on posts take a bath read a book take a walk cook a meal. Whatever it takes to get your mind off alcohol. The cravings usually go away within 30 minutes or so
Another mom here offering support. When you're a better you you'll be a better wife &amp; mom. .IWNDWYT
Glad you're here.  Alcohol created a vicious cycle for me...Promising myself tonight after a few glasses of wine - "Well *Tomorrow* night I won't have any.  There!  Decision made!  Might as well have one more small one since I *won't have any* tomorrow.!"..Then when tonight transitioned during sleep in to the next day I was awake......*Today*.  It was **Today**!..Then today's morning morphed into the late afternoon and the reasons that I deserved a glass of wine just mounted.  And well I had promised myself "tomorrow" I won't have a glass of wine.  Well in truth today is not tomorrow this it "Today" and I can do this "tomorrow" as I had promised myself all along.  Then the cycle repeats...Now it's accompanied by guilt doubt about my word and willpower shame....  leading to lying to myself and misrepresenting my impairment to my loved ones...Leading to me being a liar and a thief.  I stole my presence emotional connection and my support from my loved ones...I needed support.  ..I went to a meeting and just listened.  No fees no charges no requirements.  I met warm people who had been like me who were sober and wanted to help me be sober...What do you want for yourself?
I'm a mom to 2 very young kids.   I feel where you are coming from.    Here is great place for support.
Very similar story here. I want to be present for my young children and can't do it with 3 glasses of wine in my system. I will not drink with you today!
I feel like I'm the Dad version of you 
Hi mom. I just posted for the first time. My story is much the same as yours. I have two beautiful toddler boys. I want to do this for me though not them. It has to be me. I try and go out for a walk at that time if I can. And lately I've been planning an activity for after when they're in bed - something you love to do so you can look forward to it (not alcohol!!)
I am in the same boat MomToo. I just had 46 day dry period the longest I've not had a drink since my sons were born 9 years ago. It feels so good to wake up sober and to have crystal clear days with my family. I think the first few days are the hardest then the 3:30 craving will dissipate. You can do this! We owe it to our kids and to ourselves. Life is so much better when we are living it without the fog and disfunction caused by alcohol. IWNDWYT!
I lost my 20 year old son last month and I've been drinking at least double what I did before that. But my drinking sounds very much like you. I'm determined not another drop will pass my lips. My other boys deserve a better mum than I have been. And to honour my oldest son's memory. I'll keep an eye out for your posts and help where I can. Good luck.
Okay.10 minutes into my troublesome  window of time. So far I've done well. I made s'mores with my girls. Now we are cuddling and watching cartoons. Next we will get out and grab some more sunshine. We had a nice walk this morning too.....The thing is I only recently noticed how I make reasons why  it's ok to drink again tonight.  Today I cannot do that and I think it's bc I've been honest with myself and shared with you guys..
I got past the ruff patch tonight. Something I found helpful (in addition to your kind words!) I changed environment. Rather than hanging in the kitchen/ living room  I went to another room and sat on the bed reading books and watching cartoons with the kiddos and it made a difference. I noticed when it was time to preheat the oven for dinner I had a huge desire to have a drink. It made me realize that much of this is prob habit. 
The chat is a good place to be during those time places if you want support :)
I'm here with you.  Mom of 2 girls 11 and 7.  I want to be the best mom I can for them and I now know that it will involve not having alcohol.  I've been resetting almost weekly the past month or so and I know that one of these times it will stick. Hang in there! IWNDWYT!
