-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yekmm/bachelor_party_in_brooklyn/

I came up to NY from DC with my cousin for his bachelor party...One of my New Year resolutions was to not drink for the month of January.  It was going to be the longest I'd gone without having a drink since I started back in college.  After January came and went I decided to continue with it indefinitely. ..This weekend has been a challenge.  I've been surrounded by really nice friendly guys who are casually drinking partying and throwing up in limos.  I've been having a great time but the temptation to join in is very strong...I was one of those weekend warrior types you see.  I pretty much stayed dry throughout the week but then when the weekend rolled around I would go pretty hard.  So I would have been right in my element with this event.    ..But now I realize I don't really know what I'm doing with myself on the weekends; the bachelor party kind of made that crystal clear.  The witching hour approaches the others gear up for a hard night of partying and I just kinda go back to my room and fall asleep haha...Does anyone else struggle with filling the time and space that's created by not partying?  For those of you who have successfully replaced it with something meaningful: what did you replace it with? 
----------immediate responses--------

The struggle is real Ghostpants. For me I had to keep myself busy when the witching hour ('happy hour') was approaching. I worked later or went to the gym or met with sober friends. ..&gt;throwing up in limos. ..Gahhhhh!!! That pretty much kills it for me. When I'm going to an event that includes alcohol (for me *very rarely*) I have an exit plan and know when to GTFO of there ;).
I am on a buddy trip right now and not drinking. Feels great but there have been a few awkward moments. 
I filled empty time by going to AA meetings volunteering and going to the gym. 
So far eating candy and binge watching shit.  I know I need to be using this time for more productive shit but for now I'm just doing whatever passed the time. 
