-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yf5um/struggling_with_aa_want_to_be_involved_but_keep/

Hi all! Happy to see my badge back---apparently I am sh*t at calculating my days sober without help from the internet and have been off by a couple of days. haha..**tl;dr:** I'm 43 days sober but feel like I'm already  successfully  sober. No cravings and having a hard time in AA community because people can't believe that I'm already in a good place. Any thoughts on how to make AA more enjoyable for someone in my position?..--full rant/thoughts/experience below; didn't think this much needed to come out!--..I wanted to reach out and ask those of the SD community who've had success in stopping drinking how they handled their early interactions with AA. Personally I love AA since it brought my father his (42 years of!) sobriety and I've learned from the teachings of AA my whole life (I discovered I was an alcoholic at 16 years old and my dad and I bonded over it)...When my dad passed away earlier this year I decided I'd sober up. It was seriously like a switch flipped and I have not had more than three or four cravings in all of these 43 days. I suppose the big spiritual experience came in a flash much like it did for AA founder Bill Wilson in the hospital...I started going to meetings a couple of weeks into my sobriety since I commute to another city for work and am alone during the weekdays there. It seemed like a good chance to get invoved with a community of sober people and people trying to get sober. Unfortunately it's as if I don't fit the mold of the newcomer and this has caused a lot of tension in my interactions with the people at AA with some time under their belts...What I've noticed is this: it seems that many in AA assume that someone around the 30 day mark should be struggling and aimless could not possibly be reaping the benefits of sobriety so soon and should need to go through all 12 steps under the direction of a sponsor before they can truly consider themselves sober. They also must not have any *real* understanding of the teachings of AA otherwise they wouldn't just now be getting sober. Now I can totally see this for someone who is starting from day zero with respect to getting their life on track but why should this be the case for everyone?..My dad started planting the seeds of AA 19 years ago for me and he continued planting them over all of those years. Back in 2009 I went to AA for 45 days straight meetings every day and did a lot of work on myself then. I've continued to see therapists and clean my spiritaul and social life up over the past five or six years. To me all of this work working the steps therapy introspection etc is what we do to create soil for all of those seeds to land in...Even Bill Wilson says that the whole point of the 12 steps which came originally from the Oxford Group was to find a path that would give the practitioner a chance at experiencing a soul-changing spiritual experience (Wilson read William James'  The Varieties of Religious Experience  in great detail I highly recommend reading it)...From what I can tell that spiritual experience can only happen when there are enough seeds and enough soil for the seeds to start sprouting. Being humble and opening one's self up to a real change of heart/soul is what seems to catalyze the sprouting no matter how one gets to this point. For me my dad's death gave me an overwhelming desire to carry his torch of sobriety. For others it's some other big event or maybe a slower more gradual change. But there is no single script one must follow...I feel like I want to be involved in AA because it was such a big part of my dad's life and because I want to honor that tradition of his. But I'm also quite social and I don't know if I can go to meetings and just sit and be a wallflower until I have  enough days  (whatever that might be six months? a year?) for the people there to consider me a true sober individual. Maybe I should just not go until I have a year under my belt and skip over all of the early stuff? It's just hard to want to keep going when people there actively question my progress without listening to my story and without trying to understand my spiritual place with alcohol...For once I identify with the phrase  I've stopped drinking  not with the phrase  I'm trying to stop drinking.  And it's amazing!..Anyway thoughts would be appreciated though I probably wrote out too much to get much feedback. lol..Thanks for being here SD. I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

You underscore several important phenomena...First  time does not equal recovery ...For this reason I don't buy into  stating my sober time  which some groups do.  I just say  I've been sober today since 430 when I woke up . If someone announcing how many  days weeks months years  helps them then go for it!  Leave my journey to me...Second- everything in the program clearly is  suggested  as a program of recovery and  how it works  does not mention sponsors.  (Now I have one and I sponsor others)...Third and most important to me is the distinction between  judging and judgmental .  I judge.  You judge.  We all judge.  Judging is my evaluation if I like  or  don't like  something.  Which is part if life.  Based on preferences.  *Judgmental* is when I make personal attributions about you and your character based on my preferences (judgments).  Here's an example...I like broccoli.  Billy doesn't like broccoli.  Judging...Or..I like broccoli.  Billy doesn't like broccoli.  Billy is stupid.  Judgmental...I accept judging.  I reject judgmental...Finally if I'm being  pursued  about what should or should not do or be I simply say  I think you want to give me some advice.  I appreciate that you're thinking of my and I assume you want to helpful.  I thank you for that.  Let's do this - as soon as I want some advice I'll let you know.  I want that to OK with you. ..Then I treat people with courtesy and respect and act kindly...That's all I can do!..Whadda ya think?
Have you considered SMART Refuge Recovery LifeRing or Rational Recovery?..I had many of those same thoughts at 43 days I felt like I had it all sorted out and that I was lucky to be benefitting so fully at such an early point. My issues really have cropped up more recently and they sort of blindsided me so all I can say is that I was glad I was hyper vigilant and still am. They say  I got this  is one of the most dangerous phrases for an addict. In the last few weeks I've found that to be true for me. 
I too shared the AA experience with my dad some 40 years ago I was 16 and went for support of him and I was already pretty deep into drugs and alcohol it was no secret. I was very proud of him and I learned a lot about the program cause it was all around me AA people and sponsors dropping by the house every weekend. 
One of the cornerstones of AA (as you may already know) is to remain teachable. I keep that in mind whenever I'm starting to catch the  I got this  bug. I've been in and out countless times and each time I went out was a result of me thinking I had nothing left to be taught. 
First of all congrats on your progress! We're at a similar mark   I'm on my 48th day! And I'm so glad to hear you're doing so well. ..Sobriety is deeply personal and everyone is different. I think most folks here would agree with me that the most important thing is that you are sober not necessarily how you achieve that sobriety. Some people really really benefit from AA   I've even seen some swear they wouldn't be sober without it. ..For me personally AA wasn't effective. I tried it out because I figured it couldn't hurt it wasn't for me and I moved on. ..I don't know your whole story and I can't tell from your post if you've tried various groups and gotten the same response or if you're just butting heads with one group   if the latter it wouldn't hurt to try others out. I understand each AA meet-up is different. You might have a different experience elsewhere!..But if the former...again I don't know your whole story but it seems like you're trying to make your relationship with AA work out of some sense of obligation to your dad. You say you love AA because of what it did for you dad you want to be involved in AA because it was such a big part of your dad's life etc. That's admirable. But I believe each person has to do what is best for them individually. ..I'm not encouraging you to dump AA   like I said other meet-ups might be different!   I'm just saying if you try with an open heart to make it work and it's just not clicking that's something to consider. There are sober folks who will all but preach the infallibility of AA and others who will tell you it's a brainwashing cult. I think neither is true and it often comes down to the individual. 
You do you don't worry too much about others take what you need and take it easy x
Don't overthink things. Just go and be you. If others have a problem that's their problem.  It really has nothing to do with you. ..If you get feedback about something you said honor it by really listening and asking yourself  is this correct?  If it is great you learned something; if it isn't throw the comment away promptly and without regret...Just focus on your growth happiness and sobriety. Everything else will sort itself out..
 I also sensed a lot of judgment and hierarchy during my stint at AA. But not everyone was like that and I think if I had put in more work developing those relationships and focusing on those interactions it would have been fine. I ended up not going to AA this time la felt for other reasons (#1 reason was that SD is so amazing!).  My brother goes to NA even though his problem was exclusively alcohol for this and other reasons. ..My sobriety right now doesn't feel terribly different from when I was at 45 days or 30 days. Maybe there will be revelations overtime. I don't feel like I'm white knuckling it which is the term that some people in the program used to referred to people who are not drinking butter out of the program. I've had a lot of growth these past months and my feeling now is that lif maybe there will be revelations overtime. I don't feel like I'm white knuckling it which is the term that some people in the program use to referred to people who are not drinking but are not in the program. I've had a lot of growth these past months. .. If you want to do AA there are positive things about it but it usually takes time to find and connect with your peeps. Whether you want to put in the time to figure that out now later or never is completely up to you. We are here for you regardless of what you decide :)
Does it really matter what anyone but you think about how you are working your own program?..You are sober today So am I let's keep it that way alright?
It sounds like AA is very important to you for personal reasons related to your father and also like some of the oldtimers in AA might not like a newbie with such a small amount of time acting as say an 'expert' in sobriety/AA. ..I found AA to be rife with drama and very stressful. Sounds like you might be having a similar experience. I would avoid or lay low if you find it triggering in some way as I did. ..And at the same time -- if you plan to be sober for the long haul AA will be there in the future when you have worked the steps with a sponsor or whatever initiation crap they want you to do. So why stress about wanting to be more active or in a position of authority now so early on? It will be there. Hierarchy is part of the deal in AA. .
