-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yh2sl/a_year_it_is/

Well here we are a year down the road sober and healthy.  It's has mostly been a journey on my own but this place has been a great resource to stop in from time to time and be reminded I'm not alone my story isn't unusual and I'm on the right path...1 year ago I was struggling with failing to cut back while away from my family on a military course.  I had left in January after spiralling out of control for several months (shots first thing in the morning drinking at work all day crushing roadies for the first time ever) and had thought "this will be my time to get away and dry out".  Well of course it failed.  I found myself downing a litre of strongbow one friday morning before class to even out the 1/2 bottle of whiskey drank alone in my room the night before.  What was the topic of discussion that day?  Addictions and mental health.. Life is funny sometimes.  (when 2/4 CAGE score warrants discussion with a patient about drinking problems and you're 4/4 THAT MORNING... it's hard to ignore). ..I took a hard look at things made a decision to talk to my wife right then and there and let the cat out of the bag. It was my third such declaration in as many years but this time I put it out there to all of my friends and family rather than just quietly trying to deal with it on my own.  And you know what happened? Talking to my peers and coworkers people that have been close friends for years was probably the single most important factor in those first months.  There was no shaming no ridicule no different treatment like I was worried about.  People were genuinely shocked (I'm always seen as that most together one! great wife 2 beautiful daughters big friendly warm home and well respected at work) but very open to discussion and helping out in whatever way I needed.  .Family took a bit more time to talk to and I don't know if they all really understand yet but it has been a wonderful journey reconnecting with my wife and being 100% more active with my children (and remembering it all).. ..To all those struggling or just starting out the only advice I can really offer is to be honest with those close to you.  You'll need them.  And treat yourself to a new endeavour. I had never baked in my life and now I've become famous in my circles for fresh breads and baked goods.  I never would have expected this even 1 year ago but I was determined to make great sourdough!  It was this new learning and purpose that really helped in those first few months when I found myself with time on my hands and was staying away from my old habits (burning out on computer games while getting drunk)...Well I feel like I'm going on and on now.. But thanks to everyone who shares their stories and makes a guy like me feel a lot less alone and good luck to everyone struggling. ..Hit me up if you ever want some baking advice or how to get that damn sourdough to work!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations     . Do something very nice for yourself today. You deserve it. Well done  
Great job! Sourdough is the best;)
Thank you so much for sharing your story. Your words will encourage and inspire many of us here! Congratulations on one year. IWNDWYT.
Congrats  !  
Fantastic!!!
