-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yhabi/sunday_solutions_drinking_as_an_interview_question/

Had an initial phone screen this last week to cover basic skills and stuff for possible job opportunity. One of the questions asked to suss out my personality was "what do you like to do outside of work?" So i give the pat - "fitness home improvement yardwork [hobby 123]" answer. Their follow-up question is "what is your beverage of choice while doing these things?" I know what they're angling at so thinking on feet I volunteered:    ..&gt; I know a lot of people relax with a beer or something but it's funny; my tastes have changed. Similar to not liking vegetables as a kid but you do as an adult. I don't care for beer or soda anymore and pretty much stick with tea and water as my go to.          ..The interview moved on.     ..------       .After 2+ years of sobriety drinking really isn't a focus for me. I maintain my base happiness through positive activities healthy coping personal honesty and mindfulness and as such drinking is never *an option* therefore not a daily demon to wrestle anymore (thankfully). Still their question kind of ripped off a scab and I was reminded of guilt shame and a need to excuse. It took a second to remember       .1. Vast numbers of people don't drink and       .2. an even greater number rarely drink at all.      .That doesn't make me (or US!!) weird or wrong and there is no shame in it.      ..Anecdotally many like being totally up front in all aspects of their sobriety and I respect that. I follow the belief that I am a new me and my past isn't relevant to a new employer and as such they don't need to "read my diary." So if you're in the latter camp like me please be aware of a situation like above that could bring back unexpected painful memories and doubt and struggle for an answer. So hopefully my response can inspire you to find your own words to the above question that will be confident and set expectations from the outset.    ..Sober on my peeps. We're in good company. . IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds pretty intrusive of a company to ask. It's none of their business if you drink alcohol or not. 
Great share!  Very helpful to many!
Interesting! And way to think on your feet. Good luck to you in your job search! IWNDWYT.
Great story
We used to ask that because our office was a party office... Filtered out a few qualified but   boring  non-drinkers for sure then we were shocked when we hired a guy in a key role who would come in drunk in the morning and get re-hammered at lunch. We were only looking for those who were hammered from 4pm - 11pm M-F. ..Fucking ridiculous and I'd totally be wary if an employer asked me something similar now!
