-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yhb7d/4_digit_club/

Made it to 1000 days. My first 1000 of many I hope. I just wanted to pop in and thank everyone for all the support in this community. I am not nearly as active as I should be but I do read so much of this subreddit and the encouragement and support here is very inspiring. ..I have no wisdom to share. It can still be a struggle. Currently in an argument with my husband and boy would a beer be nice! But I will not drink today. I cleaned and am debating between tv and coloring! ..I may have days when it's harder than usual but over these past 1000 days I have learned how strong I can be and how it's okay to be weak some days so long as I look to others for the strength I need. ..I am happy I have not had a hangover in 1000 days and I can remember all my nights. I am looking forward to my 3 year anniversary coming up in May and all my other anniversaries. Thanks for being such a wonderful community. ..I will not drink today!
----------immediate responses--------

way to go!
Fantastic! Screenshot that!
Hello sober almost-twin! The day you got sober was the day I got out of the hospital. It's been a hell of a ride hasn't it? I am very proud of both of us. Here's to 1000 more.
Awesome  
Congratulations-- that's awesome! You're an inspiration. I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations!! One thousand sober days one thousand sober nights one thousand sober mornings. What a beautiful way to string together the days you live. 
Congratulations! Here's to no hangovers for sure. Such a blessing.
WOW that's huge. ..I'm sure you have an enormous amount of wisdom to share. ..No hangovers are the BEST.  Congrats &amp; good luck!!
Congratulations!!
It's amazing that no matter how many days we can rack up that temptation sometimes shows up like we are on day 2. Just crazy. Beautiful work though!!
Congratulations! My coloring book got me through many a stressful evening. 
Very inspiring. One day I will join you. I guess in 995 days. 
What an achievement - congratulations.
Well done friend.
Look at that. Me too!  ..Congrats on your 4 digits.
Congratulations and here's to many more days for you!  
Nice job! Those rough days may not go away (they haven't for me anyways) but you are building the skills and fortitude to get through them. Well done!
1K!   Congratulations  . 
Congrats!
Congratulations. I'll celebrate an anniversary in May as well.
Congratulations and thank you for helping me feel less alone by acknowledging that urges still hit even at 1K days. Looking forward to joining you soon!
Way to go!  Quadruple digits look pretty good.  :)
Huge milestone!  Congrats.  Way to go.  At some point for me the odometer began to indicate more about my aging than my sobriety.  I'm grateful the mental obsession was removed and that I have a daily reprieve.  I would never want to start over again because early sobriety was really hard for me.  Sometimes I think about swapping a few thousand days to be ten years younger.  I know silly fantasy but the point is that upon a solid sober foundation I want to relish every day to its fullest and not wish them to go by any faster.  Each 24 hours in a sober life become so precious.
Great work. You are capable of going as long as you want!
I love the way the site keeps track of your days.  I find it real encouraging.  I'm at 2723 and clearly remember that first 4 digit read out.  Good luck this is a good day to be sober.
Congratulations 
:)
Well done!
Right on! Great post &amp; thanks for sharing. Huge Congrats to you! I will not drink with you today!
How nice is it to know that the argument wasn't started when you were drunk - and you can remember why you started arguing! Maybe that's just me   ..Congrats!   
Fabulous you are an inspiration  
Congrats on your first 1000 days.  Well done!
Good work I was hyped on getting 3 digits last week! 
What a great victory. Not so much the day not even really the 4th digit but the habit of choosing every single day not to climb into a bottle. Very cool and congratulations.
That's awesome!  Congratulations 
