-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yjdu2/reputations_and_how_they_define_us/

So I had a reputation as someone who can drink a heavy amount of beer. It's not something to be proud of but in the navy it's glorified. I was in school in Pensacola for 2 months and my reputation followed me around it was something I was known for. Now that I'm at my first command I want that reputation to be a part of the past. I no longer want to be defined as someone who can pound beers and still whoop ass at a game of pool. That's what a functioning alcoholic is and I'm not ok with that. That's why I won't be drinking with you tonight. My last post I confessed to falling off the wagon again and I'm approaching a month now since that happened. I'd rather have a reputation as someone who has had problems with alcohol than someone who is a raging alcoholic. We have that power over ourselves. It's ok to struggle with booze. We know enough about ourselves to know it's an uphill battle when it comes to this. But we have the power to fight. We have the power to let our struggle define us as opposed to letting defeat define us and keep us down. I won't be drinking tonight and I hope that you'll join me&lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for your service. ..
I can identify. I was always the  big drinker   in the group. As I get older I hated my reputation proceeding me. After a certain age it's no longer  cute   being a drunk. It takes time but I love having the control over that now. 
The truth is everyone loves a functional alcoholic because you simultaneously serve as a high water mark and a reassurance that they aren't destroying themselves.  If they only drink X and you drink X+5 and you STILL can hold it together surely they don't have to think twice about their own consumption...I was/am that guy too.  I was drinking every day at lunch then having another 8 when I got home and still managing to be respected/rewarded at a demanding job.  But I came to realize that there's more to life than 'hanging on' and I'm curious to see what I can do in an elevated state.  
Great post. Thanks. IWNDWYT!
I'll join you! And as a fellow former Pensacolan I know how hard it can be down there.  There was always an excuse to drink. You can do it   
This Marine won't be drinking with you tonight. At my unit my name goes hand in hand with vodka reckless behavior and getting away with it. I think everyone else is having just as tough a time adjusting to it as me lol. ..-Staying strong on a 72 from Camp Pendleton CA
In the past I had trouble being sober because of a fear of what people would think (partly). I had some alcohol induced depression so I thought I was a naturally boring person unless I was drinking. But then I started from too much in front of people. There were comments starting to get made. I felt really ashamed. I realized that someone will always think something. If I drink the healthy people will think I have a problem. If I don't drink the unhealthy people will think I have a problem. And biggest of all-- why am I making such big life choices based on what people think??? I should just do what's right for me and trust that the rest will work out.
