-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yn78b/remaining_vigilant_after_the_negative_effects_of/

I have made my journey through sobriety about becoming the best me I can be. Sobriety has brought me many great things that I am grateful for: My mental sharpness is returning I've been working on increasing my focus through meditation and exercise I've been eating better I've been pursuing healthy hobbies I've felt a return to my once patient and empathetic self I've been working harder on my relationship with my wife I've been examining my values beliefs and spirituality (a long long post will be coming on that soon for those who care to read it- I've been working on it since last Friday). This time I have really committed myself to doing the hard work of sobriety...One thing I have been strangely struggling with a bit lately is- how good things are. The problem is that even though it was not that long ago I am finding it hard to remember the pain that my drinking caused. I mean I can read about what I was thinking and feeling then because I wrote a lot here and I wrote a lot in my personal journal but its hard for me to feel it the same way. The rawness and deepness of those feelings are fading. ..I also have some friends and family who are still struggling with alcohol. Some who drink much more than I did. I am almost having a little bit of survivors guilt there. Why was I able to get my shit together how come they can't seem to do it? My brain tries to tell me its because I wasn't that bad. My addiction is some how less real or less strong than theirs. My accomplishment is feeling like less of an accomplishment...Even with these feelings I haven't wanted to drink. I know my life is better now than it has been in the recent past. I know that dropping alcohol has enabled me to pursue the things I want to pursue. I used to think I had a fun relationship with alcohol- it WAS my hobby. I am realizing now that was a terrible hobby- it took much more than it gave. I let alcohol define me. Close to the end of my drinking days I had given up hope that I could be any more I was really close to just signing myself over to alcohol under the false belief that it was just my lot in life. I was really really close to that. It was like I was standing on the edge of that abyss looking over the edge and contemplating it. For me alcohol allowed me to not give a fuck (I've personified my addiction as the I dont give a fuck monster) it was my way of ignoring everything that was right in front of me the bad stuff and all of the good stuff as well. ..Some people still dont understand why I chose to get sober. Sometimes I am not sure why I did either. Maybe I was not that bad. I've had to make some really hard life decisions before in my past that has required a tremendous amount of faith in myself and what I believe (for example the decision to transition from female to male- in my heart and soul I always knew who I was and it was so hard that no one else could see it. People tried to tell me I was wrong that I would regret it but I KNEW that was not the case). I am starting to see my choice to get sober requires the same sort of faith. It probably doesnt matter how much you drink or how "bad" of an alcoholic you are/were there will always be someone out there who will try to put the thought in your head that your choice is wrong. ..To stay sober I know that I have to remain vigilant. I have to remember standing on the edge of that abyss and how my addiction tried to get me to throw myself over the edge and give my life over to alcohol. I have to know that this was the right decision for me. I have no doubt in my mind that if I had continue to drink it would have happened and if I choose to ever pick up a drink again it will happen. I am thankful that most of that pain and hurt is inside and for the most part was contained there and no one was impacted too severely by my drinking. While I am thankful for this it makes it much harder for many people to understand. ..I need to stand vigilant and face my alcoholic mind that tries to tell me I wasn't that bad. I need to be aware of confirmation bias for looking to others outside of myself to confirm what my alcoholic brain wants to hear- no one else thinks you were that bad. My voice the one that is mine and not alcohol's is the truest and most righteous voice I have. 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow thanks for sharing! It sounds like you're going through some major life overhauls. It also sounds like you know where you want to be and are finding the resolve and strength to get there. Best wishes and many hugs!
When I forget why I'm here it helps me to listen to another sober alcoholic share their agonizing story. Maybe I get accustomed to my own pain but hearing about the misery someone else experienced is like a cold hard slap in the face -- there is nothing romantic about drinking for people like me. It leads to trouble loss sickness and death. I get those reality checks here and in AA. 
I'm finding that some of us are too sensitive to both good and bad emotions. So when i have a net positive emotion i just calm down savour it and if it gets really high go for a walk gym treat myself just like i did when dealing with cravings! It is working as in i feel more positive about myself even higher self worthiness if it makes sense. Good job on your sobriety man! Iwndwyt
Jonah thank you for posting. I relate so much. I too feel these days that it wasn t all that bad... but even if I can rationalize the effects of drinking I can never lie away the perpetually nagging fog in my mind. Looking forward to your post on spirituality!
Thanks for your post. I'm six weeks sober. I made it to thee months last year and then had four months of rapidly-escalating drinking until I was right back where I had been (plus a little more). I am starting to experience the thoughts that it wasn't so bad and I can go back but posts like yours are a great reminder of why I got sober and why it is worth staying sober. 
