-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ynkc2/how_i_make_dry_people_dry_places_work_for_me/

One of the most common pieces of advice dispensed to the newly sober is "dry people dry places." The logic is pretty simple: In the first weeks after quitting drinking one tends to be especially vulnerable to relapse. Therefore avoiding people who drink and places where people drink makes coping with sobriety easier...But   hell this is easier said than done. I have a lot of close friends here in New York City where I live. Most of them are heavy drinkers. This isn't a coincidence. I bonded with my friends through sessions at dive bars numerous happy hours long heart-to-heart conversations at parties and other occasions accompanied by heavy drinking. ..Over the years my addiction to alcohol became increasingly untenable. But that didn't mean my friendships weren't real. My friends helped me navigate challenges in my career and romantic relationships and supported me when I felt low. When I told them that I had decided to give up alcohol permanently they were incredibly supportive even though each of them has continued to drink. ..Had I interpreted "dry people dry places" literally I'd have robbed myself of my support network just when I needed it most. I most likely would have felt miserable lost and alone and would have resumed drinking...But ignoring "dry people dry places" would have also been problematic. If I simply stopped drinking but carried on as before going to bars multiple times a week staying out late eating unhealthy food and seeking out people who drank heavily I'd also have surely relapsed. I needed to build a new set of habits as a non-drinker and meet fellow sober people with whom I could discuss this peculiar journey we've chosen to go on...So I came up with a compromise. .."Dry people" for me doesn't mean people who never drink but rather people who aren't drunk. I still see my friends who drink all the time just not when they're getting wrecked. (I've realized that they don't want me around then anyway!) I still will go to a bar or house party but leave early now...Likewise "dry places" doesn't mean for me avoiding bars and restaurants and parties entirely but rather escaping when there's no reason to be there but get drunk. I have no business being in a bar at 1 am on a Friday night. But at 8 p.m. for a post-dinner seltzer? Sure why not...If I find that I'm spending too much time around drinking and in bars I make a point to go to an AA meeting or catch up with a sober friend for a coffee. Or even spend time alone   since loneliness was a major part of why I drank as much as I did...I'll conclude by pointing out the obvious caveat: everyone's different. Some people feel uncomfortable around drinkers and can't stand to be in bars at all and that's fine. ..But for those of you who feel that "dry people dry places" is daunting I hope my little compromise offers some guidance.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey man that is some really good insight. I took the very strict approach of "Dry PeopleDry Places" and frankly my social life is non-existent. Which isn't terrible. But it's been a while and I can control myself around people having a beer or two--but as you mentioned if someone there is trying to get bombed it's time to get out of there. I look forward to trying this out the next time people invite me out to a bar setting. Hang around until I get uncomfortable or see others getting drunk and drive myself home. Sober. Cheers! 
I relate to this and I think you have it right. I don't attend AA and so never seriously entertained adhering strictly to "dry people dry places" but have found myself following the guidelines you lay out here. My close friends and significant other drink. They're the most important people in my life outside my family. Cutting myself off from them is unthinkable. I still spend time with them when they're drinking and I still go to bars. But yeah I leave early or tend to peace out when people are getting wasted   this isn't even because I find it triggering (honestly I'm most in danger of relapse when I'm alone with my thoughts not when I'm at a bar with friends) but because it's incredibly boring and I'd rather go to bed. My friendships haven't suffered at all! The venues and hours of our hanging out has just shifted a bit. ..Good for you for figuring out what works best for you! Keep it up!
I absolutely LOVE THIS so much. 
Thanks for the share. I am spending time with same people. Fewer beverages and bars and nights. More breakfast lunch coffee/tea movies. 
Agreed. I would never see my family if I followed that rule! ha!..I rely to a great degree on my extraordinary stubbornness. Once I finally made up my mind I was going to rescue myself from the morning after every time booze was on the scene I was able to stick to it apparently without effort. But making up my mind took a lonnnnnnng time.
Good for you. Sounds like you are well centered 
Interesting share. I've been kind of accidentally doing something similar. But not out of fear that I won't drink. Mainly I've realised 2 things:..1: Drunk people are frustrating beyond a certain point and my time and energy is drained by them...2: Seeing people drunk helps remind me how little I miss drinking but it also makes me sad for the people who drink. So I leave once that starts...Drunk people and alcohol do not have a monopoly on the night-time. :)
Completely same. My family doesn't drink but all my close friends do and I'm never severing those relationships they're precious. I have no interest in hanging out in shitty bars past a certain hour with a bunch of drunk people it's mind numbingly boring to me but going to dinner and my friends have a drink or two? Non issue for me. 
I check in with myself when I'm out. I rarely find myself in bars that are only bars (no food or entertainment beyond the booze). but if I'm there to dance if I'm there for a show or some food or even just to socialize and have fun with friends I dont feel at risk...I have been developing a network of sober friends in AA but seek a life beyond as well. I recently planned a date at a cocktail bar (that has a great list of mocktails) but it ended up being a day that I did feel a bit vulnerable and changed the plans to a more neutral environment and the date even though they drink didn't with me which was nice. ..
&gt;"Dry people" for me doesn't mean people who never drink but rather people who aren't drunk. I still see my friends who drink all the time just not when they're getting wrecked. (I've realized that they don't want me around then anyway!) I still will go to a bar or house party but leave early now...&gt;Likewise "dry places" doesn't mean for me avoiding bars and restaurants and parties entirely but rather escaping when there's no reason to be there but get drunk. I have no business being in a bar at 1 am on a Friday night. But at 8 p.m. for a post-dinner seltzer? Sure why not...This is how I interpreted dp/dp. It works for me...
Since I drank not just at night in bars I avoid bars completely. Just too much temptation. But I agree on your point about friends. I have a few very good friends that also drink I just see them in other situations now.
Thanks for this-- very helpful. IDK if you saw this but over the weekend a few of us were discussing this on another post. Some of us are definitely working on finding a sweet spot where we don't give up on relationships with loved ones who drink but are also not letting them influence us in such a way that might lead to drinking again. Your post makes a lot of sense and is kind of what I'm already doing (as someone else commented too). 
This is great!  I try and live by this as well and it has helped me maintain my true friendships and social life.  Thanks for sharing. 
I just thought of this post and had to come back and say how much I liked it again!!    
