-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7ypkzb/my_long_story_time_to_stop/

I finally decided to type my story out.  I am doing this for 2 reasons.  One for me to get it all out and help myself digest it and figure a few things out.  Two I think it will be beneficial to get feedback if anyone actually reads the whole thing...I had my first drink at 15.  I was house sitting for a family friend.  They had a liquor cabinet.  I took a bottle of soda drank half of it and filled it up with a bit of rum.  It tasted vile and I didn't drink again for awhile...For my 17th birthday I had 2 friends over for a LAN party.  One of my other friends gave me a 5th of vodka.  We drank it and I drank way more and ended up getting sick.  I did enjoy myself for a few hours before getting sick though...I worked 30 hours a week in high school.  I got good grades and accepted into a number of colleges.  I started smoking a lot of pot.  I started drinking beer a bit the summer before college.  I'd pay my manager at work to get a case of beer and go hang out with some buddies drinking smoking and gaming.  ..College rolls around.  My new college buddies were well versed in drinking.  We drank 3-4 nights a week freshman year.  We had to hide the booze but we never got caught.  The next year we got a house off campus and drinking became more prevalent.  One of our friends got a DUI.  There was general drunken drama.  Holes punched in walls.  The house was a constant mess.  It was a bit of a party house but nothing TOO insane.  I was the only one with a job and the only one with money so I bought a lot of the booze.  ..I remember this is when things started to change.  I'd get out of class at 2 and have to be at work at 4.  I'd get home slam a sparks or two and play some halo smoke a bowl and go to work.  This was when I started going to work intoxicated.  I didn't do this every day just on Fridays as it'd be crazy busy (this was at a pizza place) and going in buzzed and stoned helped me tolerate it after a full week of school.  At least that is how I justified it.  As I type this out right now I realize that all of the drinking and smoking I had done up until this point had been in hiding to some extent..  Hiding it from my parents the RA's etc.  I also noticed that this theme continues...At the pizza a place I worked at I met a girl.  We moved in together with a few friends.  We eventually move to a new town after a year or so so that she can go to school.  We move she starts up school and I get a job at a brewery.  This was the coolest thing ever!  Free beer!  Right?..I spend 4 years at the brewery.  Working 40 50 or even 60 hours a week.  I bar tend can beer and brew.  I spend tons of time with my coworkers and we become great friends.  We have a few beers during the day while working.  If we are bar tending we usually have a few beers in the walk-in to sip on through out the shift.  When we close the bar for the night we have a few more.  Any time we spend outside of work is usually at another brewery or bar and drinking is involved.  At this point none of us thought we were drinking to much.  It was what everyone that worked at any brewery did.  It was the norm.  I always had beer at home as well...It eventually got to the point where I'd have a beer or 2 before my shift started.  Didn't matter if that shift was at 7am or or 5pm.  This went on for a year or two.  I started having some minor stomach issues.  I also started to worry about my liver...My girlfriend now wife finished up school and we moved again.  I said goodbye to my buddies and moved to a new town.  I got another job at a brewery in the sales department.  This involved wining and dinning customers doing festivals and working events.  All of these events involved me drinking.  My stomach got worse.  I got tired of constant drinking.  I went to the doctor GERDS.  They told me what to do.  They said if you drink limit it to one or two and don't drink often.  That doesn't work well for me...I quit that job after 2 years or so.  I get a new job at a production facility with only a few employees.  It sounded great until my first full week.  "What the fuck did I get myself into..."  The job was terrible for a number of reasons.  I hadn't been drinking for a month or so.  I started up my drink or two before work and one at lunch followed by a few when I got home...My wife and I had purchased a house by this point.  I realize I cant keep switching jobs.  Financially we are ok..but not great.  I change jobs one last time.  The new job pays pretty good contracting work.  That being said everything else was awful.  My manager was awful.  He'd call us "fucking retards" in front of customers yell at us and was a terrible teacher.  We used dangerous power tools with little to no training.  We worked in an none ventilated room with silica dust.  I worked there for 6 months and 3 different people out of 9 workers went to the hospital for work related injuries.  Someone got run over by a fork lift...I started my "work" drinking at this job pretty quickly.  One or two before work one at lunch and the boss would even buy us beer for the afternoons.  ..At this point I was pretty depressed.  I have had bouts of depression through my life starting when I was 14 or so.  But this had been a pretty dark period for about 2 or 3 years by this point.  My stomach was in terrible shape.  I'd hardly eat some days but I'd always be able to drink.  It was so hard to get out of bed most days.  Needless to say I wasn't being the best husband.  I had 0 energy and was in a terrible place.  ..Side note:.My wife had expressed interest in an open marriage of sorts.  We had been discussing it off and on for over a year. I was not interested in it at all.  ..I finally decided to stop drinking for a bit.  I made it a few weeks sober.  I started to feel better.  I ate more.  I was happy.  I had energy.  I realized my wife wasn't herself anymore.  I had been in such a bad place I hadn't realized she was struggling.  We talked about her and she said she was fine just tired or work or whatever.  I finally relented to the open marriage.  She was pretty excited.  We were very open about everything and laid out ground rules...I had a long term friend come stay with us for a weekend.  I could tell my wife was really into him.  She didn't even need to tell me it was just that obvious.  She asked if it was ok and I said yes.  Nothing ever came of it.  However it hit me hard.  I got jealous it upset me...I really didn't like this situation.  I wasn't comfortable with it.  We talked more but kept the situation.  ..I start drinking again.  I get back to a dark place.  One day I came home from work and she seemed to be in a dark space to.  We talked long and hard that night.  We decided to split up.  We had been together since we were 20 and were 29 at this point.  We both had things we wanted to do with our lives that we never got around to doing.  It was clear to me she wanted to date around I was the only real boyfriend she had ever had.  I didn't like owning a house I wanted to travel more live abroad and not settle down yet.  We are still friends and talk a lot.  We share whats going on in our lives.  We still love each other..not so much romantically though.  I don't think either of would trade our time together...Within a month we had sold our house and I moved back in with my parents.  We got a very good return on our house.  I drank a lot.  I traveled for a month saw some old friends.  Came back to my parents and drank and played video games.  ..Here I am now.  I am very unmotivated.  I usually just drink all day (hiding it from my parents to some extent at least the volume).  My stomach is still a mess.  My doctor said to stop drinking ASAP.  She said no permanent damage has been done yet.  Some days its hard to get out of bed.  I have the ground work laid to travel abroad this fall.  Potentially living in a different country for a good chunk of time.  I just need to get my shit together.  ..I got a part time job.  It helps to have some schedule in my life.  Something to get me out of bed.  Im trying to get a schedule going to get myself headed in the right direction...Sorry my story is rambling and probably hard to read with many mistakes.  It has been rolling around in my head for far too long.  It felt good to get it out.  If you read the whole thing thanks...Day 2 of not drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Pretty wild story I'm on day 2 also
I read the whole thing man. What a story...You can get over this.
Good luck. I hope sobriety works for you. It did for me. 
Good long story. Thank you for writing this all out. 
I read it all. Thank you for sharing. ..For a long time beer was my life. I had all these things I wanted to do but never got around to doing them. Finally dropped the beer and now getting stuff done. ..Health problems were a big motivator for me too. Stick around here with us for awhile. Its helped me out a ton. I am sober now for the longest I have ever been since about 19 or so.
I read it and am cheering for you.  I just had a badge reset.  One nice thing about typing out the story is that down the road it is always there for you to go back and review exactly why you made this great choice to stop.  IwDWYT
I read it all. That's heavy. Thanks for taking the time and energy to share. Very brave of you. We are here for you. Hang in there and get to day 3!
Read your story  cause I also shared mine that was just as long lol. It's fascinating to discover what gets all of us to this place we're in now...they can be very different tales but they've all led us here to where we've made that decision to not drink today. I'll not raise one to you tonight!
