-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yxhkx/2318_days_ago_i_stopped_drinking_alcohol/

I have homework to do (yay procrastination!) so this will be short...October 17th 2011 I woke up with a hangover dry heaved over the toilet and saw the stack of beer cans next to my computer. I told myself that this was it I'm going to stop drinking. Normally I'd just brush it off but I wasn't joking around. Cravings were strong that evening and for a couple of months after but I pressed on and stayed sober...I basically drank a lot of water whenever I had a craving and went on walks or did some other activity to get it out of my head. It takes a lot of mental focus and a lot of dedication but cold turkey worked for me the best because I saw it as a challenge. I've been through a lot of bad things in life afterwards and moved a few times but always stayed sober and I'm thankful I have...When I walk into a gas station or grocery store I don't even realize there is alcohol there anymore unless I directly look at it. It's a weight that was lifted off my shoulders even if I had a ditch a few "friends" that became distant after I stopped...Anyways to those starting out it takes a lot of dedication and struggling but it is very well worth it later on. Don't substitute alcohol for something else that is harmful like smoking or hard drugs. Drink a lot of water and keep your mind focused on other activities because if you sit and dwell on it you'll just end up drinking again...Don't set dates! That doesn't work. "I will stop drinking tomorrow or on March 1st!" - What happens when that day or date gets closer? You'll tend to cram as much alcohol as possible into your system for "one last go" before that date. It's just a setup for failure in my opinion (source: tried and tested several times!)...The only exception for myself is that I was single at the time so it was easier because I had control of what came in and out of my house at that time.
----------immediate responses--------

Waaahoo! So friggin awesome! I'm SO HAPPY for you. Inspiration for sure  
That is Awsome!  Good advice and I will not drink with you today!
Thanks
Congrats on 6.75 years!  That is fantastic.
Congrats !
Great job! 
That's A LOT of days! Well done you!
Looking for motivation today and this helps. thanks for sharing and i will not drink with you today!.
Congratulations - thanks for posting.
Fantastic!
Thanks for sharing. I am on day 45 sober and feeling bummed out that my liver enzymes are still high and that I'm not losing weight. I don't want to drink but I'm depressed and my knee is messed up so I can't even go for a walk at the moment. Just feeling cooped up and like everything is pointless. So to read your post helped remind me that things improve and that it takes time. I will not drink with you today.
