-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yxx6n/help_would_be_appreciated/

To make a very long story short - I am an alcoholic and was sober for over 10 years.  My husband and I both quit and he just had his 15 year soberversity. He has never relapsed.  I on the other hand have been struggling the last 5 years.  During that time I have been diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis  PMR( Arthritis of the Muscle) Sojourn Syndrome and the latest TMJ.  The current medications that I am on are prednisone Methotrexate folic acid and a med for high cholesterol. The problem that I am having is that I just get so tired of being in pain. The other issue I am having is that with all the  Arthritis  issues that I am having I can no longer do the things that I enjoy as a hobby crocheting cross stitch and sewing.  I can't workout go swimming it always gets my hands and ankles and causes me more pain.   I go for a while and stay away from the booze then say F-it and go back to drinking.  This has caused some marital issues as you can imagine.  He always brings up my meds and his concerns about my drinking and mixing the meds.  The thing that makes me angry is that he is right and I should not be doing it.  I also started back up smoking and he is a x-smoker that again has never gone back. I am in a vicious cycle that I don't know how to break.  With every relapse I get depressed feel guilty and prove to myself that this is a fight I will not win. I know that this is the alcohol demon working at me again and he is a liar but I believe it and then go back to drinking and then my husband is distrusting of me giving me the cold shoulder and I don't know what to say to him or myself. I guess what I am asking is if anyone has any suggestions on what I should do. I almost have 3 weeks sober in THIS TIME.   But I feel myself starting to slip into feeling like I want to drink again just to put the pain aside for a short time.  But then I remember my blackouts times and the things that I have done to myself like my broken nose nope don't know how that happened and I realize that I do want this for good!  I need not go back there but I don't know what else to do.  Any suggestions from the group I would appreciate.  Thanks much!   .
----------immediate responses--------

What kinds of resources did you utilize during your ten year sober stint? Did you go to meetings? It might be a good idea to re-commence or start that. Finding a sober community is always helpful. Perhaps talking honestly to your doctor about pain management strategies would be good too. Best wishes; ten years is amazing and I'm sure you can kick this back to the curb!
How did you and he quit the first time?
Do you share your struggles with him? Are you open with him about what you're going through do you go to him during your cravings?
I've read a few of Dr. Sherry Rogers books. She is over 70 was seriously ill with a number of problems earlier in life including breaking her back a couple of times jumping horses.  She plays tennis twice a week and looks great.  She consults for people all over the world who can't get well and goes over all of their medical records from big well known hospitals all over the country.  About arthritis one of the things she said helps a ton of people is avoiding all night shades.  These are tomatoes peppers eggplant and some others.  Here's a link to her book Pain Free in 6 weeks.  Another good one is Detoxify or Die and Is Your Cardiologist Killing you?  Good luck.  The books are on Amazon or maybe cheaper from her publisher.  If you say you heard about her on The Power Hour you might get a 15% discount.  
For me I always seem to find a reason to drink. Either it's a party or having some friends over or going out to dinner or a stressful day at work. Or just because I feel like it. I have recently started gathering together reasons not to drink. And hoo boy do the reasons why I want to drink sound silly when I put them up against what they are doing to me. ..Another thing that's very hard for me is learning to forgive myself especially when I make a mistake with drinking. It's hard to do but it's even harder to move on without doing it...You can do this. I will not drink with you today...
Alcohol is only going to make your RA flare up and be much much worse. You need to manage it or it will cripple your quality of life. ..What would you rather have: Horrible RA and a drinking problem or your RA symptoms in remission and sobriety?..Seems like an easy choice to me. Good luck.
