-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yyfn4/last_day_tapering_i_need_to_get_sober/

Hey y'all.  I'm dogsarepeople I'm 21 years old and I'm an awful drunk.  I've been drinking since about 15 or 16 and it's only gotten steadily worse.  In the last few months I managed a few weeks of sobriety at different times but its been damn near impossible to stay clean for substantial periods of time.  On my last couple relapses I've slept on the street had a crackhead steal my wallet fought my dad and gone to the drunk tank twice.  I'm in WD right now and plan on having 1 beer at lunch and 1 beer at dinner to slow down the worst of the symptoms but then I'm done.  Last night was a sweaty nightmarish mess and I know I'll have to endure it eventually...It's clear how bad I need to stop.  Each time I drink I hurt somebody or lose something.  I wake up with a sense of dread and self-hatred about whatever boneheaded BS I got up to the night before.  I feel like I have no control.  It's just so hard when I feel like everyone my age is out at parties together or going to the bars meanwhile I have to live at home with my family because I can't hold down a place.  Luckily my parents are wonderful people and have been incredibly supportive through this.  I have a great job doing something I love and a couple academic prospects in the fall.  Despite all that the demon of alcohol haunts me.  I get this intense anxiety just thinking about a drink knowing how tempting it is and how bad a slip just around the corner could be.  I've been attending groups and counseling but nothing is working.  Every time I get on my feet I fall back down twice as hard...Sorry for rambling I just really need to figure this out and this community is the last place I could think of to turn.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're joining us DaP!..It sounds like you have a lot of good things waiting for you and once you've gotten past the current misery you'll have plenty of positive experiences waiting for you...Good luck on the taper and I look forward to seeing you here again tomorrow. It's the beginning of a new life and I'll be glad to join you in not drinking tomorrow as well! ..Go ahead and [grab yourself a badge here](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) and watch it grow as you explore the new sober world.
Welcome! It's sounds like you've already realized that alcohol isn't making your life more fun. *This Naked Mind* was also a very helpful book for me it pulled out all the reasons my subconscious thought I wanted to drink held them up to the light and Poof! they vanished in a puff of logic. Best of luck on your journey! IWNDWYT!
Welcome! Congratulations on your last day of tapering! I also successfully tapered a little over four months ago. It might not be the easiest way to stop but it is possible when you are really committed. I hope you are drinking tons and tons of water and electrolytes/Gatorade - some people take vitamin B as well (I didn't take vitamin B but I wish had). ..Please know that you can seek medical help if tapering is too hard or becomes scary. Doctors have medications that make quitting easier and safer for those going through withdrawal. They also have medications that block the high you feel from alcohol if you feel like you can't quit. ..I also experienced mild withdrawal - no shakes but an unrelenting headache insomnia nausea and felt achy. Everything but the headache disappeared around the end of my taper. Then about five days later the headache was finally gone. Also my joints didn't hurt anymore. I am 33 and I never even noticed that alcohol made my joints hurt until the pain was gone I guess because it happened gradually. I am very excited for discoveries you will have. Please check in and take very good care of yourself over the next few days! 
Congratulations on moving forward through this.  I'm cheering you on!  I love your user name.  My poodle is a person too.  You can do this.  The sidebar has a lot of good stories under Saturday Shares that can be motivating.
