-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7yz38y/at_war_with_the_relapse_demon/

I watched the clock for 45 minutes last night burying myself in this sub until the liquor store closed. There wasn't any particular trigger. I received both good and bad news nothing I couldn't handle. The tough part I think was having  me  time. I was missing the  fun  of being drunk alone. (The beautiful side of evil ... all lies I know.)..My SO and I had an early dinner and decided to call it a night. I went home to my back porch where I would have otherwise been excited to drink into the wee hours. It would have been a night of me having a good old time with my favorite drinking buddy (Me!) without SO or anyone else knowing. I texted him that I was having a tough time and he didn't respond - he'd fallen asleep. This fueled my desire to sneak a secret binge in. The liquor store was now closed but 7-11 has wine until midnight. I drove there in a weird autopilot state and bought two bottles of Pinot. The conversations in my head were so stupid.  Get the cheapest bottles - you're just going to throw them out like you did the vodka.  Versus  Get the good bottles you won't have as bad of a hangover.  I got the good ones. ..When I got home I put the bottles on chill and continued the mental struggle. I decided not to drink. I ate an apple some strawberries and blueberries instead. I went to bed thinking  I'll be rewarded by feeling great tomorrow.  Such was not the case. I feel crappy as if I drank. And I don't even have the guilt that sometimes motivated me the next day to get stuff done and take care of business. Nor do I have the  Well today's a free day because you're so hungover and can't really do anything but sober up and nestle in with Netflix.  So I've gotten nothing done today and have napped all morning. ..I feel so crappy and ridiculous. I actually thought there'd be some sort of internal reward for not drinking. I heard a speaker at a meeting say  I expected a big pat on the back for running out of a burning building  in regards to quitting booze. My ego obviously expects the same. ..It's 2pm here and I'm finally deciding to get off the couch and go to the gym not unlike finally deciding to not drink last night. My son used to be so crabby and miserable in his teen years. I'd tell him  It's a daily decision to be happy.  I don't know why I reject my own advice. It's taking me hours to execute these obvious decisions. 
----------immediate responses--------

Seems like you flirt with the idea of drinking? Ok alcohol thrives on this type of relationship. It keeps it to the fore-front of your mind. Its there   like a lion hunting its prey. If you are serious and as you are here im sure you are you must cast it out. Your still very early on in sobriety. Its crucial to be strong in these early weeks. You may never experience the pink cloud i didnt im depressed as ever but im learning to deal with that shit and thats the hard part.
I think if you could have a crystal ball and view what today would've looked like if you drank....you'd see you are being rewarded. It may not look or feel like you'd wanted it to...but I can guarantee today would feel a LOT worse if you drank. Congrats for fighting it!!! Iwndwyt 
"I expected a big pat on the back for running out of a burning building" is now one of my favorite quotes - thanks for posting. Keep fighting the good fight - it does get better. I will not drink with you today.
Well you might not feel terrific or even good about your night last night but this post did a lot for me someone who is on day 15...Life isn't easy and maybe in the end the pursuit isn't supposed to be happiness but instead a sense of calm simple integrity with the decisions we make...Regardless of the demons that drove you to 7-11 you had the strength and self-regard to not drink.  I commend you on that.  And you gave me some strength today...Thank you for the post...No one is coming to save us. 
