-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zch7t/this_weekend_while_cleaning_out_my_closet_i_found/

I wasn't triggered and I had zero desire to drink because of it. I felt sad for the person I was when I was trapped in the cycle of my addiction but felt simultaneous gratitude for my sober life. No longer do I spend an inordinate amount of time planning deceiving and thinking about how I will get that next drink; instead I am living my life to the fullest free of alcohol  for the first time in a decade. I am a better girlfriend coworker daughter friend and human being and I absolutely love my sober life...I have ten months (minus a one night slip) of sobriety three months of continuous sobriety and I have to say my life is finally turning around and my brain is finally healing. I do not struggle with constant triggers and cravings as I used to and while I dare not get too comfortable or confident I have a feeling that this time around my sobriety is sticking and a lot of that has to do with my support system including this sub...For those just joining this amazing community know it does get better and easier. In the meantime this sub will help you more than you can ever imagine. While I may not post on here as much anymore I still read the posts daily and y'all are inspirational as hell...Keep it up and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful.  Keep fighting the fine fight!   
&gt;I spend an inordinate amount of time planning deceiving and thinking about how I will get that next drink..This was me. It was exhausting. What a relief to be free of that. ..Great job on loving the sober life!
While I haven't found any bottles I do keep finding screw caps for the tops of vodka bottles (and lots of them) they make me feel sad for the person I was. So happy not to be her but at the same time so aware how she's still there over my shoulder
The last empty I drank is where I hid it in my wardrobe like some kind of evil talisman that reminds me of my final bender and its aftermath.  I've considered getting rid of it many time   maybe I will when I hit one year   but I quite like what its malevolent presence has come to symbolise.  ..How different life is now right?  Happy not to be drinking with you today (or hiding dead champagne bottles on  a monday afternoon ever again)!
Great read thanks for sharing! Those tiny slips mostly reinforce the need of sobriety remember when I was drinking every evening heavily next morning I was let's say ok but in my recent slip I've drunk half amount I've used to and next day was so painfull.. So sobriety showes us real picture what alcohol takes away from us! Keep it going keep us informed :)
When I was at about 2 weeks I found 4 unopened nips (still plastic wrapped from a sleeve of 10) shoved way under my drivers seat when I was cleaning my car. God knows how long they'd been there. It def made me sad for that person who felt they had to do that. 
