-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zfg0v/today_is_day16_these_are_the_differences_i_have/

Background: I was drinking 12-16 units (light beer) on weeknights and 20-30+ Friday Saturday and Sunday.  I had begun drinking at lunch periodically cutting out of work on occasion and daily drinking a 25oz can on the way home.  I am 39yo and was starting to feel old anxious and depressed and I was also becoming a shittier father and husband.  No major life fuck-up events but the downward spiral was in motion and I had known it for awhile.  Anyway here is my list for me as well as the community (in no particular order): ..1) Sleep is SO much better.  I don't wake up and worry about work shit nor do I wake up at 3AM and can't get back to sleep...2) I wake up feeling rested (not hungover) and am not dreading the day like I used to...Mondays were especially rough...3) I am not waking up covered in sweat in the middle of the night...4) I am standing up to pee in the morning instead of plopping down on toilet because I feel crappy...5) Poop = much healthier.  Was starting to worry about my colon...6) Interacting with people at work more.  I volunteered for 2 things this week that I would have previously passed on/hid from...7) Smiling and laughing more. Just generally in a better mood...8) Singing on the way to work...9) Not getting so pissed at the state of US politics...10) Treating my daughter nicer...11) Eating breakfast again...12) Getting along with my wife better...13) Having better sex...14) Exercising more...15) Dealing with daily issues in a timely manner...16) Setting goals...17) Not panicking about the future...18) Not having shaky hands panicky/anxious feelings at work. ..Not that everything is perfect.  I still have problems and frustrations and life seems to only get harder and more complicated as we age and dealing my kids (age 4 and 7) is a constant struggle....once one challenge is dealt with new ones always emerge.  But...I am dealing with all of this better now.  I am out of the fog and looking forward to racking up more days alcohol-free.  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing. Your list will only get longer
I was drinking just a tad more than you during the week when I could and if I had a day off I would drink till my body said I can't drink no more. With that said I can relate to your list in a lot of ways but the fun part is that list keeps growing as the days go on...You will be adding 19 20 and 21 before you know it but they will be positive things and one of my favorites things at least for me is opening my wallet and realizing there is cash in it. I forget I have money because I was always spending what I had on beer. ..Congrats on your 15 days :).
Congratulations!! This is amazing work and a great list to reference in the future. Keep it up!
Well this all sounds good to me! Congratulations on 16 days.
Nice when you have a bad day or get that temptation just read your list again..IWNDWYT
We are on the same day.  I'm coming off a very very bad bender with details that would bore you...What does not bore me is that I feel almost exactly the same being sober as you do.  I was talking to my shrink the other day and listed pretty much the same list you just did in terms of what I like better about being sober.  There are just no negatives besides not feeding my beast...I'm calm look people in the eyes sleep like crazy sex work reading - everything you said.  ALL true...Thank you and congrats.
I dont know why but number 5.  Just yes.  They get better too..
