-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zijqa/what_are_your_tools_for_stopping_yourself_in_the/

Thanks for checking out my post long time lurker first time poster....TL;DR at the bottom...A very brief background on myself (feel free to skip this paragraph) after 3 years of drinking almost every single night I had a similar story of many on this sub. 40+ pounds gained grades and social life declined and a slow downward spiral into self loathing and depression. I knew I needed to make a change. The first week of January I flew out to visit my aunt for a few weeks before my next semester began. I made my intentions of sobriety clear and we spent two weeks hiking and enjoying nature to get all temptations of alcohol out of my mind and focus on myself. It was easy to forget about alcohol when it wasn't around and I already felt much better. I relapsed my first week into the semester when I was at a restaurant with friends. This is where I am hoping some of you could share your experience with me....I am very motivated to stop drinking completely every morning I feel much better because of it and I am already losing weight and feel much happier than I was before. The end of daily drinking is genuinely improving my life a huge amount but all of this was not enough to stop me when I was at a restaurant with friends just three days shy of my first month sober. I saw they had a delicious looking Gin drink (my alcohol of choice) and my immediate thought was "It's a special occasion I'm going to get that for sure!" Lo and behold after drinking that night just a few days later with the same mentality of (just this once!) I went and bought a bottle and drank alone just like I had done before I tried to quit. I was already returning to my cycle. When I woke up the next morning I was pissed at myself for forgetting all the progress I have made forgetting everything I had learned from this sub and just throwing it out the window as soon as I had made the decision to buy that bottle. When I wake up I have my goals in mind and I know I need to stop drinking permanently because I have tried before and I always eventually end up in the daily drinking cycle again. The motivation and improvement I have has stopped me from getting into situations where I know I would be heavily tempted to drink but when I do decide I want to say "fuck it" and drink for the night I forget everything and block/rationalize all thoughts of why this is a bad idea. My question to you all is best summarized in the TL;DR below. I would love to hear from anyone who has a tool for stopping themselves in the moment or anyone who wants to share. I've read so many posts here that have helped and inspired me on my journey towards sobriety. This is truly a wonderful sub....TL;DR: When you have made the decision to go buy a bottle or your sitting at a restaurant already knowing you are about to buy a drink how do you stop yourself from doing so in the moment? When you're driving to the liquor store and you're rationalizing that  just this once its ok  how do you turn the car around? I have tried thinking about how I have weeks of sobriety behind me that it's not worth a night of stomach pain and a hangover that I'm MUCH happier not drinking I KNOW its not worth it but it's always suppressed by the  just one drink it doesn't matter  mentality. How do you stop yourself when your motivation is blinded by your addiction and your already on your way up to the bar?.
----------immediate responses--------

Calling a sober support person and going to a meeting...So far: 100% Effective!
I guess my first step is to be aware that the thought is there. And then to reflect on the fact that I can't believe everything I think since my brain can come up with all manner of self-destructive nuttiness with no cause or prompting. And then-- this is the key part-- not chase after the thought and try to wrestle with it. Doing that makes it stay around longer and get stronger.  I distract myself with something else. A book a walk music whatever. 
See where you say --..When I wake up I have my goals in mind and I know I need to stop drinking permanently because I have tried before and I always eventually end up in the daily drinking cycle again. ..Maybe you can try focusing and committing 100% to JUST TODAY in the morning? My intention for the day  might get diluted or overwhelming if I think "I need to stop drinking permanently." Just a thought. Maybe it could help prevent you from even getting to that place where one foot is already over the ledge. ..I'm glad you are here and glad that you asked this question. :) i w n d w y t. ..
Everyone around me knows I quit drinking It's much harder for me to be with friends and family and have a drink now that I have expressed to them my desire to stop. I also stay away from my drinking grounds so far it has worked for me. ..Posting here seems to work for a lot of people. ..Good luck!
The longer you are sober the easier it becomes.  Except for three slips I have a little over 6 months of sobriety.  ..I felt like drinking over the holidays on my birthday around the same time new years and during the super bowl but those thoughts remained just thoughts.  I simply didn't buy or take any alcohol when I had the opportunity to drink.  ..&gt;How do you stop yourself when your motivation is blinded by your addiction and your already on your way up to the bar?..Your last sentence says it all.  Alcohol is addictive crap.  You can't be addicted to it.  After about a 3 weeks it was no longer part of my habit based thinking to want to pick up beer after work.  Over time it became out of my habit based thinking to see alcohol at a neighborhood block party and immediately go for it.  With time it gets easier.  IWNDWYT
Telling someone I'm not drinking. I know a lot of people don't want to admit this to people but for me telling someone who will be at these events/dinners works. That way I'll feel like I'm exposing the fact that I can't resist the drink and that looks way worse than telling them I'd rather not drink. 
The thought of never ever drinking again is too much for me.  It's too final &amp; it isn't my goal.  In the beginning I had trouble with not drinking today.  Today was too much like forever.  Sometimes I could only commit to not drinking this hour or this minute or until after I walked ten laps around my (tiny) living room...The other thing is I didn't tell people I was never ever drinking again.  I told them I was taking time off or having a dry January or that I was TRYING not to drink.  I never fully committed to never ever drinking again because it was too final &amp; I'd probably fail &amp; everyone would snicker at me...I was surprised by how many people said "yeah I should take time off too..." and became incredibly supportive of me not drinking.  They'd offer me sodas &amp; mocktails &amp; talk me up &amp; admired the success of my experiment.  That helped my resolve to not drink as much.  (my goal now is a drink or two one day a month but 2018 is dry so far)...In short break it down to something you can manage.  A whole day might be too long to not drink.  You can tell the waiter you haven't decided whether to have a drink then excuse yourself to the restroom.  You might feel differently 10 minutes later.  If you're in the car on the way to the liquor store stop for gas first.  The break might be enough to change your mind. ..
Whenever I had the "just one drink it doesn't matter" moment I would forced myself to remember that it does matter. I carried around something to remind me about how bad it could get early on it was an arrest warrant for drunk and disorderly. Later I would carry an AA chip for however much time I had to encourage myself to plug on.
Keep in mind the first decision to drink is not the final decision to drink. Until you swallow the alcohol you haven't fully committed to drinking it. I find that my mind tries to tell me that I've "already decided to drink" but there are a number of decisions between that thought and actually drinking where I could still turn it around.
This is cheesy...  but I took selfies of myself hungover and miserable and I look at these to remind me that's exactly what I'll be the next day if I follow through.  I look at them daily.  For me that pain outweighs the short term pain of not drinking.  I try to catch it fast... before my evil mind commits to going after a drink.   
