-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zjqhz/day_12_and_cravings/

I have been struggling yesterday and today. Particularly today. I'm not very sure why these cravings have started now. You would have thought after 12 days if cravings hadn't started they wouldn't...but they have. I'm trying to just ignore it away. I know I can't give into it...but it's really annoying to turn the desire down.  I hope it doesn't get worse before it gets better. Anyone have any experience with this?  Last week was a hella long withdrawal period that pretty much lasted all week. First half of this week could have been classified as pink cloud...but now the new is wearing off...Help
----------immediate responses--------

I got over 6 months clean and still get cravings. Ever hear of Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome? You should look into it if you have not heard of it before...I mitigate cravings by doing anything to take the focus off of them. I'll fuck myself if I sit and dwell so I don't. Avoiding triggers is also very important for me to stay sober...You got this though one day at a time. I know it's cliche but there's no other way to go about it imo.
It's hard but I would say try not to beat yourself up over cravings or over analyze why they are happening. I have had them pretty much every day as well but some days much stronger and more tempting than others. My strategy right now is to make myself come all the way home after work rather than stop at a store (where I know I may migrate to the wine aisle); once home it is much easier to distract myself and avoid going back out to make a purchase I shouldn't. I hope it gets easier for you! 
This is absolutely normal and you are not alone. I can tell you that a craving does pass and that the longer you go without drinking the less frequent the cravings will be. They can come up at any time but right now is a great time for you to be practicing ways to move past them. The strategy that helped me the most (I learned in treatment) is called rolling the tape. Imagine what would happen after the first drink and what condition you would end up in at the end of the night and how disappointed you would feel in the morning. Don't glorify the firsts drink because if you're an alcoholic there's never just one drink. Remember the reasons you quit. I believe in you you can do this!
I guess I don't remember what cravings are actually like. Vaguely remember my mouth watering while looking at someone else's drink. I don't think I actually have cravings anymore but there sure are times I have to push thoughts out of my head and replace them with  I'm not going to drink over this. ..Good luck.  It got easier for me. Hope it does for uou too. 
