-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zkliq/two_days_in_its_going_to_stick_this_time/

Long story short I lost my husband my home every single friend I had. I've been struggling for over a year. I got so sick from booze 2 days ago it was easily the worst shape I've ever been in. Couldn't eat drink sleep was itching all over... I couldn't even turn my head without getting nauseous. I had enough of it all. I screamed until I lost my voice into a couple of pillows and swore to myself to check this subreddit every day and to aim for 30 days as a first goal. I have gone on the wagon for months at a time before but somehow thought I could control it. I'm NOT one of those people. ..My tolerance is so high that I can't know when to stop. I feel fine then go to sleep wake up sick as a dog...It felt like I was dying. Physical pain vomiting cramps bouts of crying and hopeless depression. ..I'm not going back there again...I even have a job interview in the morning. Something I couldn't handle for a long time. Hoping to make some money and some friends save up and get out of this state...Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck to you booze will never make our problems go away and its good to face our reality! Sobriety is an extremely positive journey for me so far hope you get the job!
Welcome.  I'm sorry you're having a rough go of it.  All the best for a good interview tomorrow.  IWDWYT
Good luck with the job interview. I wish you the best of luck in your sobriety.
Good luck with interview 
It's good to see you here - and good Luck with the interview! 
Day 3. Still goin'. Interview went great. Heading back on Tuesday for a walkthrough. Pretty sure I was preliminary hired...It's a new mom and pop place about 30 minutes away. Italian/American. I looked and felt like a million bucks with the small choice of "Interview Clothes" I had to choose from that I've had for a while in storage...I was 100% over-dressed. Jeans and a company T-shirt would have worked. But first impressions are a one time deal right?..This place looks fantastic owners seem very down to Earth. I'm down to throw the best damn pizza in town... again. :)..Today has been a great day.....
