-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zn09g/this_time_i_mean_it_im_sober/

Of course I had it all under control. I wasn't that bad. I usually had a job a girlfriend and some friends that weren't drunks. I rarely blacked out entire nights. Driving drunk was only when I had to and calling in sick was just when I was overdue for a day off.  ..The bare minimum is an acceptable way to measure my life right? ..I hadn't hit rock bottom. I mean sure I had passed out in tears over my life but that's normal. That's what emotionally healthy people do. I was just in touch with my emotions. Just going through a rough patch one that I could never quite get out of. Bad luck that's all.  ..Then one morning I found myself stumbling drunk through a park. Over 3 hours late for work I was drinking red bull desperately trying to sober up. It wasn't helping. I thought of punching a moving train. I wrote a horror filled poem. I was sweating nasty vile sweat. All the cigarettes in the world couldn't focus my mind. The light hurt my mind. I was filled with a terrible disgust but I couldn't stomach another drink. I had to sober up before I called work with a new excuse. I got home and showered. I needed a good excuse. I'd nap. I was just tired and my phone was doing just fine on airplane mode. Not my problem. Future-me would deal with it... I fell into a fit of nightmares. Terrible visions of people I'd hurt. Swarming images of pain I'd caused.   ..I awoke still in a haze of whiskey still with the angry guts from choosing beer over food and the eyeball ache from all the wine. I didn't wake with an excuse. But I did wake with a solution. A cure for so many problems that plagued my life. A decision not another excuse. ..Why lie again?  ..I ended up telling my work the truth- and promising them that I was going sober... And then the thought struck me- why not actually fucking do it this time? For longer than a day. I talked to my friend but they'd heard it before. A few times already this year. Why lie again? Why break promises? Why lie to myself?  ..It's only been two full days. Like always I'm full of confidence. I've made it longer than usual. Unlike always I'm putting in the effort this time. I've had enough. I don't want to see rock-bottom. The life I've been living while full of adventures has been far from satisfying. I want to live. I don't want to scrape by and bounce from one lot of drunken antics to another. From one sneaky drink to one Sunday morning "ohhh godddd". I want to make something with my life. There can only be bigger and better adventures if I have more money more health better relationships and more memories.   ..Life is a game and I've been playing on auto. I'm looking forward to taking some responsibility. Taking action. Taking back my time. Killing the thief in my heart. I've relapsed into bad habits so many times so I can't even promise you internet strangers... But I can promise myself: I will not drink today no matter what happens. .
----------immediate responses--------

It's my first day 1.  I can relate to damn near everything you wrote here. Well written btw.  I will not be drinking today either. Tomorrow let's do it again.
Thanks for this! You can definitely get sober if you want to. Your post made me really realize that I am so glad to be where I am today. 
Thanks for sharing. I've found that going to meetings and building a sober network definitely helps stay on track.  Good luck.
This is great! It sounds to me like you have arrived at your new beginning. ..Now. For today. I will 100% not drink with you. Full stop. And then the same tomorrow. And then you will be rounding the bend for one sober week! Thank you for sharing with us!!!
Man those words scare me. "Only driving drunk when I have to". I know I have done that a few times in my life and it is *baaaad*. ..But we're here with you. We're in this together. And because of that we never have to put ourselves in that situation again. We never have to risk our own life our property and most importantly the lives of others. ..I've seen too many people lose too much to drunk driving. A friend's mom went to prison for killing someone drunk. A high school friend went to prison for killing his girlfriend in a one car accident. She was also a friend. A college friend wrapped his car around a tree and got a DUI. Several other friends got DUIs. I have narrowly avoided them but fled the scene of two separate one car accidents once in high school and once last year. I lost my first car and spent $6000 repairing my new-to-me car after the last one (and it still makes noises). ..I can't believe it wasn't a wake up call to me. I really can't. ..There's a quote someone posted on here a couple days ago that helped me put things in perspective a lot. "Easy choices hard life. Hard choices easy life." Jerzy Gregorek.
Good on you. Have you thought about looking into Employer Assistance Programs?
One thing that really helped me succeed this time I actually paid attention to how great being sober really is.  I finally realized that being sober is not something to suffer through it's actually living life as it's supposed to be lived and it's just wonderful.  I've learned to treasure my sobriety.  ..Aaand... having said that I highly recommend reading This Naked Mind checking in with this fine SD community daily and grabbing yourself a little flair over there on the right side of this page.  ..You sound like you have a plan and you're on your way.  You can do this I know it!
