-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zr1i6/really_want_to_drink/

There's no reason. I haven't been triggered. Things are going well. I've been falling asleep around 11-12pm and waking up naturally around 6-7 am feeling well rested. I've been going to the gym and my workouts are so much easier than when I was drinking. Tanning and using the sauna again which I love but was always too lazy or hungover to do before. The puffiness and redness on my face is pretty much gone and I haven't fought with my SO in 2 weeks...But that's it. It's been 2 weeks. It's such a beautiful day. I've done so well. I deserve a few drinks. But I don't. I don't deserve to wake up feeling like I'm dying tomorrow. I don't deserve to go through withdrawals again. My boyfriend doesn't deserve the hot mess I become when I get wasted...I do deserve to be happy healthy and hopeful. I'm still struggling even though I KNOW these things. But I still will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Deal
Oh man. That's been me lately. No stress no triggers... actually find myself drinking when I'm already relaxed. WTF. ..I will not drink with you today
Hang in there!..I called that little voice 'The Booze Goblin' and learned to recognise when he started whispering seductive nonsense about how I *deserved* a drink etc.... Over time the longer I starved him of alcohol the weaker he became......Congrats on 2 weeks tomorrow you can do it!..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hiya specialk badge twinsie!..I've been learning so so much these past two weeks about the neuroscience of addiction and habits and mood. When I start to get a craving I science it into submission. Retraining the dopamine-driven reward system. Opening up my GABA receptors. Re-sensitizing my heyhey pleasure sensors.  Stabilizing serotonin levels (and increasing them as able). Nourishing my hippocampus. It's all a process and we've screwed those systems up so badly that these passing cravings are growing pains to get back to normal and hopefully better than normal!..I'm sorry you're struggling. It sounds like things are going in a wonderful direction for you! ((Hugs)) IWNDWYT!
Congrats on 13 days!  You got this.  Smartrecovery.com has a great workbook cheap available on Amazon too that might be of interest. There are really good exercises in it.  IWDWYT
