-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zs92e/how_many_here_go_to_or_have_gone_to_aa/

I have had issues off and on for years. Longest time sober 2 years after IOP. Went to detox once then IOP again. They always want AA to be a part of my recovery. I hate AA. I don't like the feeling that if I don't come if I don't do the steps if I don't get a sponsor I'm doomed. And meetings I go to it's all about  how great AA is how it changed my life for the better . I need to be at a meeting where I can talk about how shitty I feel how I'm struggling how to get through it not an advertisement for how AA changed their life. That doesn't help me. Am I the only one to feel this way? I hate feeling like because I don't care for AA that I cannot get better. I have felt r/stopdrinking has given me way better insight into what people struggle with. I don't feel ready yet to stop completely- I'm working on it. But I will come here every day
----------immediate responses--------

34 years sober in AA here...&gt; not an advertisement for how AA changed their life..Sounds like you have gone to primarily speaker meetings. OK just not into the real shit that you get at table meetings where six to eight people sit around a table and really talk about our lives our problems and our fears...Remember that there are as many "personalities" of meetings as there are alcoholics...Find a Young Peoples meeting if you are willing. ..I have found it to be much easier to stay sober when I surround myself with other people who are also trying to stay sober...Go for the fellowship and the friends not the program.
I've quit aa recently for similar reasons.  I really wasn't enjoying it and my groups (4 of them nearby) largely consisted of the same people which wasn't a good thing.  People I found highly bad mannered.  Walking in late/talking to others/sleeping/snoring/texting during others shares insulting  when people share shit about their daily lives again'.  I only shared once and now I feel like there's no point in sharing cause everyone in the meetings I've gone to appears to only be interested in hearing their own voices.  I get that this probably isn't normal however i started to find particularly my last 6 meetings that I struggled with drinking after going whereas I was fine up until then.  ..My biggest bug bear is like you have said people saying that if you aren't doing the steps you are doing it wrong and won't stay sober.   ..The biggest comfort I gained in my good meetings was hearing people share their every day struggles and their story as it makes me feel less alone.
Have you tried the 12 steps? How do you know what you don't know?
Im not gonna lie i feel like a 12 step group thumper. Dont get me wrong some meetings I hate but as a whole I love it..And im currently not following the 12 steps so strictly for AA but im trying to follow it for OA. ..It just feels nice to be heard and to hear other people who can relate. 
I went to AA. It saved my life. I worked the steps but only after the real threat of relapse poked its ugly head. I chaired a step study meeting for 12 weeks. If you ever want to learn something study it as if you are going to have to teach it. ..Early on I heard someone say  Take what you need and leave the rest.  . I guess that is what I did. I can remember ever alcoholic that had a positive impact on my sobriety. I only remember one that had a negative impact. In 25 years. 
This is why I'm hesitant to go - everyone saying you have to do the steps get a sponsor do 90 meetings in 90 days etc. When I went for a month and a half years ago I felt smothered/pressured. I would love to go if I could just chill and take what I need though. I realize staying sober takes work but I also don't think it's healthy to become addicted to  not drinking . And the powerless thing I don't agree with. If I was powerless I'd still be drinking away. 
People say each meeting has it's own flavor.  I've only been to one meeting a handful of times.  It was a women's group and it was focused on chapters in the book.  People talked about their issues as they went around the circle.  At the end everyone held hands and said some kind of AA cheer/prayer and that was it.  Many people on the board also said that when they finally  just did what the AA sponser said without judging that they finally did move forward and it worked.  IWDWYT.  Hope you feel better.  Have you looked into Smart Meetings online?
AA worked when doing it myself did not  - still does..I could not have made the changes necessary to stay sober and GROW as a person without the steps...Truth is if you are not ready to stop completely (as you say) hating AA will be a normal reaction ..I slipped and slid early on and it's harder than just stopping but I couldn't see that.
I find AA incredibly helpful and the people from all walks of life supportive and nonjudgmental. It's a place you can walk in after you have ruined relationships with family and friends - lost your job- etc and find unconditional support. ..The steps the big book the sponsor aren't just to keep you sober - it's to help you live sober happily &amp; freely without alcohol moving forward. Able to deal with  life on life's terms . ..That said you don't have to do them... you can always attend meeting simply to hear stories and keep your mind sane that there's people out there that are living sober for years &amp; you can have that to. ..
AA works for me. It's another great tool if your open minded enough. 
I think way too much emphasis is placed on the steps and powerless part. These were thrown together in a half hour nearly a century ago before anything was known about cognitive behavioral therapy or cognitive psychology. For people who want to do the steps awesome. But you shouldn't be shunned or discarded if you don't. 
Thank you all the feedback. It wasn't my intention to put down AA or those who believe in it. I just wanted feedback to hear of other strategies that have worked and for how many not going to AA were still successful. 
As someone who's done the 12 steps I assure you that you do not need to do them in order to get or stay sober. 12 step programs are great  but they become an echo chamber. Lots of folk get sober without them lots of folk attend meetings but dont do the 12 steps  and lots of folk leave meetings and stay sober.  But the objective at meetings is to explain what it was like what happened and how we got better. Thats why meetings are so repetitive. CBT with a good therapist really got to the heart of why I drank and used. I do like the fellowship of aa especially since I got sober young and it was hard to find other sober folk. but I would steered clear of anyone in meetings who was a "big book thumper". They did not seem to understand personal autonomy. I hope you find a group/way that fits for you.  I know lots of people who like a women's way through the 12 steps and many roads one journey. 
