-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zsud4/wine_is_evil/

Struggling.  Hello everyone I've been lurking around for a bit. I began drinking a bottle of wine everyday in the last year or so.  Almost every morning when I awoke I told myself I needed to quit but continued to drink nonetheless.  I made attempts to moderate my drinking but was unable to do so. Stopping at 1 glass of wine isn't possible for me. I've been on antidepressants for some time now  mixing with alcohol just made my depression worse.  I met someone about 6 months ago whom I care about very much. He doesn't drink and I was finding that I would avoid spending time with him so I could drink. I'm sober for a little over 2 weeks now. Initially it was pretty easy but I'm finding in the last 2 days that I really want a drink. Just 1 glass of wine lol.  
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard! We all have them days where a drink is too tempting- but it never ends up being worth it. I too have cancelled on people or lied just to buy time to drink before meeting up with my s/o or just deciding I rather drink by myself then see anyone. Grab yourself a badge and join in! 
Hang in there. When I decided I really wanted to stop I needed to get rid of the rest of the alcohol in my house. And never go back to the places I bought it. Even if that meant not going in the corner store where I also bought soda pop. 
Welcome out of lurker mode Larissa! Congrats on 2 weeks!..Our alcoholic brains are known for voicing that eerie "just 1 glass of wine" stuff - when we least expect it. We've always got to be on guard and remain vigilant...I found that keeping busy helped a lot. Perhaps you'll find these [books](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) interesting? Or maybe hang out in our [IRC](https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking) and chat with other SDer's?..Or you could always hit up a meeting if you're interested :)...Glad you're here hope to see you around more often!
But you don't want just 1 glass of wine do you? You want a bottle of wine. But you don't like how you feel when you drink a bottle of wine because it makes you depressed. So.....How about you skip the glass of wine?
Stuffing myself with food followed by chocolate usually chases the urges away for me. Make sure the real cravings (water and food) are satisfied.
It always amazed me how I would drink a bottle of wine alone wake up totally ashamed and feeling like crap tell myself I needed to change but by 6pm was ready to do it all over again. You can do it... WE can do it! 
Yeah i ghosted a lot of people or declined many social opportunities just to sit and drink alone usually not even that satisfying in the moment and mostly regretted it the next day. IWNDWYT.
If you maintain your positive run.. it WILL get easier and way more fun. You won't always feel the way you're feeling.... you may even feel 100% better 1/2hr from now? ..That pretty great significant other is worth it too. 
Take a long hot bath when the urge comes I swear it really helps you relax.  I miss my wine as well and one glass was never enough. IWNDWYT
You can get through this! Wine hangovers are the worst! ..Just think how much happier you would be just skipping it and spending time with that person that you care about ;)
One drink comes in many glasses. Believe me; I know.
I have moments like these just last night wanted a few drinks after work with a takeaway. Instead got myself pretty drove to a restaurant and had a lovely 3 course meal with the boyfriend. Keep yourself busy and keep positive 
2 weeks is a great start and as you see it's not unusual for cravings to hit.  I ate sweets which helped me through (it was pointed out that part of it is sugar cravings didn't realise why at the time)...I also find asking myself how will this help what will improve.  Others play the tape forward which I find an interesting concept but quite hard to do as fully as others.
Evil indeed. The great news is you don't have to feel like shit anymore. May not feel like it right now but your taking the right steps to get your life back. I used to drink like you as well I thought I could never EVER stop. .I'm not drinking with you today. 
I used to buy a bottle of wine at a time so that I wouldn't drink more than that! If I bought a box it would only last three days. I could never have just one glass. Except the last day I drank I did the Alan Carr vow with a half of glass that was left. I too have been thinking maybe I could but I won't. I am struggling with a physical problem so cannot drum like I would like and have to miss other things because of pain. I am also lonely and frustrated in my marriage so life is not the best now. ..But it would not help me in the short or long term if I had a drink again and I do feel blessed for so many things in my life...I appreciate being able to express this on this forum. IWNDWY ever and all the best to you. 
Wine was my drink of choice also and I could have wrote this exact post so I get it.... What helped me was to fool my brain.. in a wine glass I would mix seltzer and cranberry juice and I would drink them like their was no tomorrow I don't need to do that as much now as it will be 14 months for me tomorrow. Try and read as much as possible on the subject and stay busy do jigsaw puzzles or word searches go shopping do anything to keep your mind occupied .... Trust me you can and will do this!!!
This was me too.  I have found having a quick easy alternative to drink available is key.  Sparking water tea soda. I want something besides regular water but wine is not the answer.  
Damn those bottles from the Marlborough NZ region.  I feel your pain I can't moderate I'll be back to finishing a bottle or two in one sitting...I keep myself busy from 4 to 7 if I get past 7...I'm good.  Tea caffeine free cokes and lemon water are my best friends....including Lindt truffles...I could moderate for years then about 2.5 years ago I started hitting the wine hard.   Seeing a therapist I'm medicated now and doing much better.  Counseling is helping a great deal.  Kids in college boring marriage menopause etc.  feeling lonely etc..I love these forums I read here for 30mins a day...Good luck and stay strong.
