-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7zwtld/is_there_a_such_thing_as_a_successful_relapse/

I'm 30 years old and for the last 5 years haven't gone more than 4 days without drinking heavily. Mostly I would drink day-on day-off with the occasional 2 or 3 days in between never any longer than that though...Recently I've been able to do a full week twice before losing it and and drinking 12-15 beers.  Last night I was going on 5 days sober since Sunday and went to the store to buy beer (It was like I was watching myself do it and couldnt stop myself.) I sat down to play PC games like I always do and was just cracking my 7th beer when I realized "I'm tired of this.  I'm tired of feeling like shit all the time tired of worrying about my health and what I'm doing to my body tired of wasting money tired of everything related to drinking."..I got up poured out the remaining 5 beers I had and sobered up.  I have never done that before I always drink everything in sight and then some...I'm not happy that I broke my chance to go a week and beyond without drinking but realizing while I was already buzzing pretty hard that this was a mistake to stop drinking/pour out the beers just actually doing the RIGHT thing for once felt really good.  ..Maybe something really is changing in me for once.  ..Do any of you have similar experiences? Have you ever felt "good" about a time when you actually drank?
----------immediate responses--------

Sure I've felt good when I go out and hang out and party with my boys or hit up the strip club and have a blast. I have had a LOT of fun times last decade. Crazy stories etc. BUT.. ..I know it's the same thing over and over again nothing new. It's time to grow up and truly see the meaning of life - and that is something only I can do without the influence of alcohol and drugs...For me any relapse has always been a bad experience basically.
to me  successful  relapse is an oxymoron if i have ever heard one and can encourage further relapses. ..you should be proud you stopped when you did. best of luck!
It's a learning process. I remember that I could never make it more than a week before I found this sub. It takes about 10 days for alcohol to get out of the body. I agree with u/squid-a that a successful relapse is an oxymoron but from your post it's clear that you're moving through your own process... which is good!
With every relapse you learn more about yourself and what made you do it. You dumped it out!! That is how done you are. Congrats on that! I will not drink with you today! By the way I have been relapsing for 5 years as well. We can do it this time!
Not sure if this counts but some of the guys in the prison AA group I volunteer at have said "getting arrested saved my life"  Of course 20+ years in prison may count as getting sober the hard way...
Actually yes - yesterday. It was a work party and I actually gave myself permission in advance to drink but not to get drunk...something I've never been able to do in the past. Historically once I started drinking I wouldn't stop till I was wasted. But yesterday I actually pulled it off - I got water with my drinks drank super slowly paid very close attention to how I felt and ultimately stopped after two drinks. It felt great to be so in control; it also made me realize meh booze is not that special any more. I felt like I could take it or leave it. Next party I might not bother drinking. Very educational experience.
I'm new to sobriety and I'm still trying to sort out if drinking casually (like a few drinks at a party here and there) is a realistic possibility for me. I can see myself choosing to drink for just one big party or event rationalizing drinking again on the weekend because 'I did so well the last time why not do it again now' and then sliding back to where I was for so long (using alcohol to moderate any and all negative emotions and making both the emotions and the situation that led to them worse in the process.) So...I'm not sure! I do know though that I've had so many brief attempts to quit that ended with me getting drunk rationalizing the fuck out of it and resuming my old habits. .
.   . B
V
 Il.     mo.my 4.v CV b.c 31.94fcbcg ch.   V Iele m1 
