-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/802gp3/hosted_a_house_party_tonight/

I'm Day 20 sober. I've told a few friends I'm doing  100 days sober  but as I mentioned in an earlier post since starting being sober I am realizing I likely need to stop forever - but as it stands right now it's still just a 100 day challenge in the eyes of my friends. ..A few weeks ago (before I had my last drink) I arranged a small game night with some close friends. In the past these nights have included polishing multiple bottles of wine and inevitably me pushing shots on everyone so I can justify drinking more (if everyone else is drunk I can be even drunker!!). Originally I thought I should cancel this night I knew it would be a potential trigger.. but honestly I spent $100 on a new board game and I really friggen wanted to play it. ..I asked my friends if they didn't mind having a sober night. Everyone agreed that it was ok! Ok phew! My one friend was the real MVP and brought SO MANY VIRGIN DRINK FIXINS. we had amazing fizzy grapefruit drinks and virgin pina coladas - everyone was drinking mocktails even the guys! ..The night was so fun! We played the game 3 times around ate amazing food drank amazing (virgin) drinks and of course made some memories. My one friend commented  wow this is so fun and I won't be hungover tomorrow!   ..I was so nervous and not only were my friends so respectful without knowing my full struggles - but they had a blast being sober! And were almost appreciative to be sober for the night. Makes me realize how drinking is so expected in social situations.  Oh we are hanging out and playing board games? An activity that in no way requires drinking? Where drinking might actually take away from the gameplay? Well... Better drink!  Kind of crazy how literally any type of get together just implies drinking. I think it was a cool reminder to my friends that not drinking at a social gathering is 1) allowed and 2) still fun! Feels pretty awesome. Like seriously so awesome. Gives me little goosebumps. ..This is now my second Saturday in a row being with friends doing fun things and feeling no pressure to drink. I'm really starting to feel like I can do this long term and it's going to be ok! And when it doesn't feel ok I know I can come here and read your amazing stories! ..Tomorrow I'm going to wake up with:..- no regrets (other than eating too much but really who regrets that ever).- no hangover .- my makeup removed and fancy serums and moisturizers applied .- my dogs having their nighttime walk rather than them having to hold it all night because I was too drunk and lazy and selfish to take them out .- a desire to keep on being sober .
----------immediate responses--------

This is so great! So awesome for you and so inspiring and encouraging for all of those struggling with meeting friends in sober zones. Thanks for sharing!
Love reading about this. Wish I had friends like this. 
The best thing that I have realised since being sober is this! Social gatherings are just as fun if not better without alcohol...Sounds like a really fun games night - desperate to know what the game was?!
What a great night!  
Awesome!!  Share with us the name of the game!
This is so awesome. I would really love to spend more time with my friends sober. I mean I don't drink anymore but so that others would also be sober.
It sounds like you have really great friends! My friends and I like board games too :) and maybe if I'm sober I might finally win for once!!!
Board games are awesome for this! Sounds like you have a solid crew of friends.
That bit about the dogs is really sad. :(  IWDWYT
