-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8034wf/it_doesnt_always_feel_right/

I've been struggling lately with fear of rejection or the fear that I'm actually being rejected. It's hard sometimes when I think someone doesn't like me especially when that person says they love me. I have a paranoid mind and totally know this about myself. Yet it never stops the lonely hurt that comes with rejection or like in this case the paranoid fear of it. ..Being an alcoholic my first physical and mental reflex is to want to drink. I really wanted to tonight. I made it to my bed sober and will fall asleep to a movie and wake up feeling much better. ..Thank you to all who share struggles and open up on here. It helps to not feel alone. ..So happy I didn't drink!!! Goodnight 
----------immediate responses--------

Sleep well and enjoy a hangover-free morning.
 Have a totally paranoid mind too. Im right there with you. The longer i go though i turn the feeling of regret and paranoia into gratefulness because i know now i have complete control over my future and i know what my values are!
I could never accept that someone legitimately liked me until I worked on that long-held belief I wasn't good enough and therefore no matter what anyone said they were either lying or misinformed about who I truly was. I don't think that process is the same for everyone nor do I know if your paranoia stems from something similar but for me it started with simple productive actions towards my life and towards others that left me feeling worth something. 
Hm.  I don't have that feeling with relationships for some weird reason but I get that feeling hard at work.  It's actually affected my job situation for years.  Stems from childhood.. was reinforced in both my first real jobs now it's like this deep seated issue I've got that I'd love to get rid of.  Even knowing I have it doesn't erase it happening again.  I've learned how to work on it a little but yep I hear you.  At least I feel better not drinking and I do know that gives me extra confidence I definitely need.  I will not be drinking with you today and I'm proud I can say that!    
You might be interested in cognitive behavioral therapy to interrupt that unproductive thought pattern. Smart recovery is based on CBT.  They have a great workbook. It's cheap on Amazon or their site.  IWDWYT
