-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80376e/so_i_went_to_my_first_aa_meeting_and_it_was_an/

I'm gonna preface this with the fact that I struggle with some (major?) social anxiety...Earlier tonight I attempted to go to a meeting near my house. I got there 30 minutes before hand sat in my car chain smoked and tried to get up the gumption to go in. When the time came I eye of the tiger-ed that shit and walked towards the meeting place. Right in front of the doors to the church there were approximately 4 cops arresting a guy and a clearly intoxicated woman yelling at them and then at me. I powered through and went to what I thought was the door. Locked. Went to 2 other doors. BOTH LOCKED. I could see in the window to where the meeting was being held and there were an uncomfortable amount of people in there; like I would have to talk to people to find a chair amount of people. So I'm wandering around lost and confused while the cops and the crack lady are yelling at each other about 5-10ft away from me which is not really helping with the whole anxiety thing. ..I did not look for a 4th door. ..Instead I went back to my car and anxiety puked in the parking lot. Not my finest moment...After this initial ordeal I was feeling stubborn if not a little defeated and I looked up another newcomers meeting in he next town over. The distance made it seem less intimidating I think. This is where the nice part happens. It was full of a bunch of really friendly people much closer to my age. Got some phone numbers heard a lot of very relatable stories and over all had a great experience. A couple women invited me to some of the other meetings there and I think I might go back. ..Just wanted to share in case someone else has similar social anxiety stuff. It's hard and you might puke but it will most likely be ok and you can always try again. ..I really appreciate this sub. You guys rock. ..Edit; formatting 
----------immediate responses--------

Turned out much better than I envisioned ..Good for you
Wow that's courage. Good on you!
Hey that's great! I live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area so I've gone to meetings in several cities near where I live. They are all very different from one another..
I am so proud *for* you Peachy what you did by going to the other meeting was EPIC  
&gt;I think I might go back..Atta girl! I'd love to hear about it. Just don't puke this time ;). You're gonna be just fine!!!
[removed]
Congrats on your 15 days!!!! And this post is so important thank you for taking the time to write I t. There are tons of AA meetings and all of them are different. I hated I t first but after a while and shopping around and trying out all different kinds of meetings I found some awesome groups and have some awesome friends because of I t...Keep coming back!!!&lt;3
I am so impressed by your courage and persistence!! You keep fighting for yourself Ms Peachy Qweeen! 
That is a great story. I was so nervous going to my first meeting My eye-of-the-tiger would have turned snail-eye as soon as I saw the cops at the door. Good on you for pushing through. I've found AA meetings to be empowering. It is hard to describe how good it feels to listen to that sort of honesty and (if you're ready) speak out loud about my own story.
Good for you! way to be persistent - proud of you.
That second meeting was meant to be. Good job on seeing it through. I have severe social anxiety as well and every meeting it seems to get a little easier to walk in. I still don't share but at least I'm there. 
Amazing effort to try and try again! Well done! Keep it up! Community awaits! 
I just want to say that took a lot to stick with it and get to a meeting. That may have been enough for me to say eff it and go home! 
&gt;I eye of the tiger-ed that shit..OMG Peachy thanks for this one!  Made my day.  I'm really proud of you for going those extra miles to find that second meeting.  You're on your way sweetie!
AA meetings are like going to the gym. I never wanna go but afterwards I always feel great that I did. Congrats on your first meeting.
I'm proud of you! I have social anxiety. That had to be pretty grueling to start but you got through it. 
Good for you. Like any commitment you're absolutely right to shop around to find the experience you're comfortable with. I'm sure you'll have other bad experiences in the future but there is always something you can learn or take away with you that is to your benefit. ..I've had some meetings with people like the  crack lady  and I'll never remember what the guy who welcomed me said -  Use it. That man has the same condition you do. The only difference between you and him is time and circumstance.  ..It stuck with me as a reminder of what could be at stake if I don't keep going and I'm ultimately grateful for the experience no matter how scary or unpleasant it was at the time...I'm glad you found a better meeting. There are thousands of great meetings and I'm sure you'll experience many more of them  
I made the mistake of thinking every group was like the first group I went to and so decided AA "didn't work". It only took me 13 years to try again and this time I went to over 20 different meetings before I settled on my home group. They have made my sobriety much easier to maintain...Thanks for sharing that great story! Good luck and IWNDWYT!
Inspired 
Oh my you were sick from the anxiety?! I'm so sorry. You're out there trying so hard and this stuff is not easy. I want to squeeze your neck! Hope your day is sweet and calm!
You may be familiar with the TV show *Mom*. The "AA meetings" as portrayed therein for comic relief have not at all been my experience. ..Kudos for being brave enough to keep looking for what you seek.
Congratulations on your perseverance!
Good for you!.
Hi well done on not letting yourself be defeated. I also had bad experiences in my first meetings but now I go to those where I know I'm gonna feel comfortable. Also as a sufferer from anxiety I've also puked in the street because of anxiety and depression so I know what you're talking about. I have it much more under control now since I started practicing mindfulness and meditation. Anxiety can be dangerous and I really need it to keep it to a low level the results are amazing! I wish you all the best you rock!
Great to hear!  
Good on you! i remember my first meeting only got the courage because i went with a friend who was 25 yrs sober and it was a celebration meeting so there was food and we sat at tables. i sat with a guy who was my dog trainer and across from me i saw a man and said "you look like my priest!" dog trainer burst out laughing. yep i say the dumbest things when i'm nervous. he was my priest and one of the finest people you will ever meet.
Wow.  I'm glad you found one that suited you better.  Way to go!
AA is like the Catholic Church: a lot of orthodoxy no real substance. It's an organization that pummels participants with religious intimidation and forces rules that intimidate the membership. It's a sad organization. 
Some meetings lock the doors before they start. If your 2 min late see ya next week. They were not newcommer meetins though.
So proud of you for not giving up and going home! I've been in the same situation with meetings a few times (fellow ball of anxiety here) and the times when I've managed to get a hold of myself and go in I've never regretted it. The regrets only come when I give up.
I've often heard meetings are the meat and potatoes of sobriety.
Yeah but you went.  GREAT SUCCESS  
I'm so glad you went. I went to my first ever meeting yesterday. While my was in the back of this badass indie artsy coffee shop and I was welcomed by a guy I'd known for a long time you my friend mustered the strength through those negative first appearances while having social anxiety. You have done extremely well and found great connections and an overall positive experience through your triumph in that moment. Props to you and your iron willingness to seek help and persevere. Pound it  
Phone the local AA Intergroup and ask the person where a small peaceable meeting is. There are many many small peaceable meetings. 
I went to my first AA meeting today too! I was terrified. T-e-r-r-f-i-e-d. I came in there slightly late and there was no chair available so someone had to go get one for me. Then after the introduction they asked if there was anyone new and to come and get a token. I did not have the energy to do that in front of everyone. I did not want to have to go and talk to people. I was just hoping to run away when it would finish. But then a bunch of wonderful and nice people came and introduced themselves to me. They right away offered me their phone numbers and hugs. I have been calling them already. I feel like there is hope. 
This is a great story - thanks for sharing it.  I was terrified when I first went in and this story would have really helped me.  
Awesome! Its always a gamble when going to new recovery meetings of any format. Glad it worked out for you
Wow. What an experience for your first meeting. I'm glad you looked up another one. Some meetings are really good and some meeting are really bad. 
