-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/805hf9/10_days_of_living_normally/

Last time I tried quitting drinking I basically locked myself at home and didn't do anything. It worked for a while but I relapsed. .So this time I vowed to just do everything I would normally do and just not drink. ..During my first ten days I went out to two dinners went to a concert went to a loft party and attended a family party (that was the only tricky one for me)...There were some moments where I felt anxious or dizzy but aside from the family party I never really felt tempted to drink. I almost feel grossed out seeing everyone drinking at the moment to be honest. Everyone that has given me advice told me not to do these things and just avoid events where people might be drinking but I wanted to go do things. I just want to feel normal. I don't know why this is working for me but it is. I don't want to skip events that I was looking forward to. ..It has all been very freeing for me. I'm having fun and just not drinking. This probably would not work for most people so I only recommend it if you really really know yourself well enough to know this way is right for you. ..I just wanted to post because I've been living my life the way I want and when I saw my sober app hit 10 days I felt enormous pride and know that this is my chance to really follow through. ..Thank you everyone for your stories. I read them every morning when I wake up and they help me stay focused and inspired. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Great insight. I've been known to isolate myself and found that I thought more about not drinking cravings etc. than if I went out face first into the world. If anything it gets you more out of you're own head. Abstaining is still on your mind but not  owning' you. 
I'm coming to realize something about breaking our own mold when we repeat an attempt to change.  For example you relapsed the first time after quitting in isolation.  Now you've turned the tables and have quit while being social.  This time when I quit I did something very different and spoiled myself silly as opposed to saving my unspent booze dollars and *that* worked.  However if I were to relapse (quickly makes the sign of the cross) I guess I would want to change my approach next time.  Like we could  fool' ourselves into following through to the desired outcome by switching up the methods we use if we need to do it a second time.. or third or tenth.  Just thinking out loud..Anyways I'm proud of you and I'm glad it's working out!   Go Team! I will not drink with you today  
Congratulations on 10 days that's awesome! ..Your approach works for me too. I don't want my sobriety to be a big deal to others so it works well for me to show up and show everyone that I'm still fun and awesome and that literally the only difference is that I'm holding a Diet Coke in my hand instead of a Diet Coke and vodka. 
