-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/805vxa/gigantic_craving_for_alcohol_last_night_and_then/

I finished worked yesterday and had a gigantic craving for alcohol - it was totally physical as emotionally I knew I didn't really want it - it was weird - it was overwhelmingly strong so I looked at the clock and said 'there's only 5 more hours left in the day you can last that long' the craving was still really strong so I said I wouldn't drink for 30 mins and so on...I then made my way to my friends birthday party (she owns a pub) and she was doing a free shots night - her pub is a long way away so I had to drive thank goodness as she offered me booze as soon as I got there! ..Bless her - but she is a full blown alcoholic - she knows it and she's not going to stop - she's ballooned from a size 6 (when I met her when she was 18) to a size 16.She looked big last night - it's weird seeing her like that on her 33rd birthday but she wants to lose weight so she's taking all sorts of tablets and a new diet coffee drink?? Anyway she lost her driving licence and is struggling with proving she's not drinking to the DVSA - she has to have blood tests and urine tests periodically - her liver function is apparently 87% (she told me last night whilst drinking wine and shooting tequila....).That frightened me so much and I was glad I wasn't drinking !!!.Also the people in the bar were all so annoying and all looked really unhealthy whilst shouting at each other and jokingly slagging each other off - I got bored and went home -.I helped my son in the middle of the night again last night (he's 2) and woke up beautifully hangover free at 7am - sometimes it's hard to not drink but then the morning shows you it was the best idea ever! You just have to get to the morning ......  
----------immediate responses--------

Nice job! I was also craving HARD this weekend but the hangover free mornings make not drinking so very worth it. Glad you stayed strong. :) Sorry to hear about your friend. I truly hope she will eventually get sober for her sake - maybe now just isn't the right time for her yet.
My alcoholic boss/friend is a good deterrent for me.  If I ever wanted to drink I could just think about him- his neglected persona unhealthy appearance his drunken rude attitude even while at work the oppressive atmosphere he creates while drinking his complete trashing of anyone's boundaries and his absolute obliviousness about any of it... and I'd be so happy to walk away from that drink.  That was me.  Was it?  Likely possibly I don't really know.  I didn't perceive myself like that but who knows what other people thought?  We are much better off now aren't we.  Loads better off.       here's to a day of peace and content which we earn by not drinking : ) 
I agree. It is the mornings that make you stronger
Aw thank you squishy!!!   here's a hug!
