-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80ea7r/struggling/

Here I am all excited about sobriety and yet I relapse on weekends. I mean I have made it thus far however we are heading to Vegas this weekend and I am anxious that I will give in....I need tips...help and support. Thank you all
----------immediate responses--------

When I was struggling on a weekend basis I would tell myself this: The further you move away from alcohol the easier and more automatic and less deprived-feeling it is to continue to stay away. Give yourself the gift of putting time away from it together so you can stop feeling that need. Remind yourself every time you want to drink that the *real* way to satisfy your craving for alcohol is to starve it until it goes away because feeding it what it wants only ever keeps it hungry. ..Also I took a glance at your past posts. You could try reading those. It's a good diary effect to read your own past SR posts. Haha. ..Also another thing that worked and still works for me is getting pen and paper and writing down what you're staying sober *for*. Build up your motivation and hard things get easier for me anyway. ..Also let me tell you Las Vegas sober can be so much fun IF you like rides. They've got an indoor theme park and there is a roller coaster that goes around the outside of tall hotels. I forget the name but ... I recommend those activities for sober Vegas-goers :p 
I am also going to Vegas soon. I don't have much advice but I'll tell you what I plan to do. I have heard this a lot on this sub and I think it is very important. Avoid the first drink! At least for me that is the beginning of the end because I don't do moderation. I would also say avoid alcohol but in vegas... good luck. For me it will be a true test of will! Finnaly know you are not alone we are here for you on this sub and others like me are going to be in similar difficult situations. So come here if you need some support! I will not drink with you today. .
I go to meetings and that keeps me sober!
[removed]
