-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80f12f/he_drinks_i_dont_how_can_i_make_this_work/

I've had enough of drinking and have known for more than 15 years that I can't handle one drink. ..The other night my boyfriend wanted to break up with me because I told him I needed to stop drinking for the millionth time. He's had enough of it. I told him I turn into a monster (he's met her) and that my nightmares could become real. I have no control over who I become. I could cheat on him. This set him off. Who wants to hear that their partner could cheat? I made a mistake sharing that but that's another story. ..The truth is I love this man. But he drinks. I wasn't drinking when we first started dating but his love of craft beer made me want to enjoy it with him. It was my decision to start drinking again for fear of losing him. I wanted to share an interest with him. Maybe he wouldn't fall in love with me if I at least didn't try to moderate. ..But I'm done. He wanted to break up with me and I went nuts. Sobbing I headed straight to the bar. It doesn't take much. Two beers and a shot and I was gone. I remember most of the night. Especially the part where I got in my car at 3AM to go to McDonald's. I woke up parked on the street in front of my house with my pants off? ..Anyway he doesn't see how our relationship can be sustainable if I continue this on/off drinking. I tell him I want to stop drinking then confess a relapse and do it all over again. He told me he has a drinking problem and how will it work if one person is sober and the other a drunk? I thought he was a "normie." I don't know what to do. I'm not going to leave him. I'm in too deep. I fell in love. ..He thinks I'm a time bomb. That it's only a matter of time before I relapse. ..The best thing I can do is set an example and commit to being sober this time. I'll go back to meetings (I went on Saturday) and I will not confide in him my deepest insecurities. I'll save that for my therapist. ..Can anyone relate? Is anyone in a relationship with someone who still drinks? ..TL;DR: My boyfriend thinks our relationship is doomed if I'm sober and he's not. How do I make this work?
----------immediate responses--------

here's a quote I heard when I used to go to AA:  "They'll get you drunk before you get them sober"...
I definitely have much more of a problem than my husband. I had a bad relapse this weekend and am in the throes of anxiety and depression after the blackout. I want to be done done done. I've said it before and he and I stopped for over two months. He doesn't want to stop entirely but I have to. I don't know how it's going to work out but I'm determined to make sure it does. I'm going to schedule us couples counseling. On his request. Is your boyfriend open to that?.Is he threatening to break it off because of your drinking or because you want to quit? It seems to me that your personal desire not to drink should have no bearing on him whatsoever and it's totally unfair to use that as an excuse to break up. .Regardless you know you have to stop and you need to do it for yourself. You don't have to drink for him. 
One of the big reasons I permanently stopped is how much I enable and encourage my wife to drink when I would drink...I wanted her to drink with me because she wouldn't try to keep me from drinking too much if she was drunk too...When I stopped drinking she kept drinking a bit but at very low levels and now she's down to 1 or 2 beers a week.  She's been very compassionate and somedays we have to dump out all the alcohol in the house if I'm having a bad day.  ...You have to live your life according to your standards and be accountable to YOU...If he knows he has a problem and you know you have a problem have you talked to him about getting sober together?..How long have y'all been together?  Do y'all live together?  Any children in the mix?..To me it sounds like you know what the right path is here but don't want to go down it.  I get that...Also on a really unhappy note if you woke up in your car after blacking out without your pants you may have been sexually assaulted while you were blacked out.  I don't know what to tell you with regards to reporting that to the police but it's something to be aware of...I hope you find peace and I hope you two can move forward.  I wish you strength in case you can't move forward together.....
My wife was my drinking partner. When I quit she kept going but eventually came around. Apparently I was a good influence. She has drank only twice in the last 2 months. In the beginning it made my sobriety that much harder but I grew stronger. Stick to sobriety and your boyfriend might come around. If he doesn't just keep staying sober. We get sober to improve our lives and usually for no one but ourselves. Only time will tell how it goes so just work on treating yourself well.
In my opinion it is painfully obvious that this relationship is not sustainable and not compatible with your sobriety. 
Love comes &amp; goes but you have to live with yourself forever. 
Kinda same situation. My boyfriend is a heavy drinker. 5-7 on weeknights and binging on weekends. He definitely has a problem because he becomes a belligerent drunk injured himself (currently has a concussion and deep gash on forehead from Friday night) and is either condescending or will say all the things he knows will emotionally kill me. Then beg for forgiveness the next day. I've done all this to him while drinking too one of the many reasons i had to say enough is enough. He's said so many times (drunkenly) he wants to stop. But then the next day comes and he's cracking a beer for breakfast...I've been doing really well. I have cravings but they're not because he's drinking it's mostly just when we go out. But he orders me my favorite mocktail before I have the chance to order for myself and slip. Buys me all the La Croix and is pretty supportive. I'm also hoping I can be a good role model and he'll make the decision to at least cut back...Not really advice but you're not alone and living or dating an SO that drinks can certainly be done! I will not drink with you today ..Edit: grammar
