-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80f6j0/why_do_i_do_this_over_and_over/

I drink I black out I make a complete jerk out of myself forget to take my mental illness meds and wake up feel full of guilt and wanting to kill myself. this morning was even worse for me. I went as far as writing a not and getting all the pills the only thing that stopped me was a phone call. Now i know what i have to do. I need to quit drinking its not good for my mental health and i could have easily died today and I cant let that happen again. I'm so scared who will i be without the alcohol am i going to be able to talk to people be social will i ever have fun again. I live in a house full of alcohol and its all provided for me the most i have been sober in 16 years is 45 days. What if no one likes me sober what if i dont like myself. I cant stop crying to be honest its a hard battle in my head be sober and live or drink and end up dead. It should be an easy question right but im having a hell of a time making it. anyway all I know is I will not drink this hour but im struggling bad. thanks for listening to my rant 
----------immediate responses--------

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=guided+meditation+body+scan..Start here.  It sounds like you're really upset.  Do your best to calm down...The rest of this post will be here...Ok.  Let's address all the self-doubt:.Yes people will like you more if you are sober.  You'll be less fun at parties initially but you'll be a more level-headed reliable and patient person...You will like yourself more.  I guarantee it.  You will be able to do all those things you never really got around to.  You'll be able to go do things at any time of the day because you won't be out of commission from being drunk...You should also talk to whoever prescribed your meds as well and let them know you're trying to get sober.  ..As for alcohol being provided what's that all about?..I work in bars 80% of the time so I know all about being around alcohol but if you tell the people enabling you that you have a problem you're trying to address they will stop providing it...This is going to be a big difficult change for you and we're all here for you and pulling for you...Good luck you can do it.
It's rough man.  I never thought of myself as being depressed when I was drinking but now I realize how depressed I actually was.  AA people say the "one day at a time" thing for a reason.  Thinking about the future and "what ifs" would drive me nuts.  You will never know if you or others dislike sober you if you don't at least try it for an extended period of time anyways.  Please don't do anything drastic.  There's no shame in seeing a therapist or psychologist either  I have on a few occasions.  Some of the stuff I've taken away from them really helped me get through quitting drinking as well.
You might be surprised at who you are without alcohol and you may find that you actually like yourself better. The alcohol doesn't make you who you are it ruins who you are. You woke up this morning not in jail not in the hospital not in a ditch but with another chance to take another shot at this. Keep trying until you get it. Once you get the poison out of your system and keep it out things get so much easier and clearer. If you want different results do something different. You've got this. IWNDWYT
Don't be scared. It's going to be okay. There's healing for you and we will be with you each step of the way if you'll let us. &lt;3
