-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80fnyl/why_i_love_you_guys/

You may have seen me around a bit.  Sometimes my badge says 30 days sometimes 7 sometimes 1.  I'm struggling a bit...But your stories about relapsing and starting over focusing on the successes and not the failures and the concept that all sober days count have been really helpful...The pressure to not fail (I'm a high-achieving academic and perfectionist) looped around to anxiety which looped around to ... you guessed it!... drinking!..I've been telling myself that I am going to mess up in the future.  I will have a glass of wine at a function down the road.  I will have a beer when I go out with friends at some point...But today I am 100% not drinking.  And tomorrow I'll wake up and say the same.  Perhaps I'll have a drink in the future but I definitely won't today...I appreciate so much how all of you share your approaches and perspectives on your personal relationships with alcohol here every day.  I especially appreciate those of you who slip up soldier on and come here to talk about it openly...Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

As someone who has also had to reset a ton of times to get this far I salute you :).You are trying and thats all you can do. The attitude of 'not today' saved me many times. Stick to that and don't worry about tomorrow next week or next year..For me after 30 days I felt the shift and things really started to become a lot easier not easy but easier..It will get easier for you too my friend. .In the meantime just keep doing what you are doing you will get there..
Project as far forward as you're comfortable with but for today I will definitely not drink with you!
My badge also goes up and down like bitcoin....Resets or no resets I think the fact we stay on this subreddit is important. We fail we pick ourselves up and we try again. One day hopefully our reset will be our last one and we will prosper in sobriety. Meanwhile let's keep reading and posting. I will not drink with you today.
The most important part is that you keep coming back. I will not drink with you today
I will also not drink with you today  
I'm also having a hard time. I've managed to get to three or four days without alcohol but then I kind of forget that I wanted to stop in the first place. I find it a little depressing but---well I always remember that study about overweight people who were able to lose weight and keep it off: it was only after years of trying and failing that they were able to figure things out. ..So I'm a day 1 guy and I'm rooting for you. And me :)
