-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80gxrh/anxiety_and_thoughts_of_quitting_for_good/

So I've always been a sufferer of anxiety both socially and otherwise. As a drug addict in recovery this was amplified a hundred fold especially after withdrawals. Due to previous issues with benzos and other anti anxiety medication I have chosen not to go that route. But sometimes the anxiety gets to be too much and I have a little drink. Not alot but say a glass of wine. This makes me feel normal but not in the way that say someone physically dependent on alcohol would feel normal. Although I can process alcohol very fast when binge drinking it seems my body has some type of safeguard in place to prevent me from becoming physically dependent - after a few days of binge drinking I get deathly ill and even putting 50mL of vodka makes me get sick again and this lasts upto a week. ..So... I'm always telling myself I'm going to quit for good and then usually I will double down on work family stuff etc until life starts going VERY well. Then I will have a drink which leads to more drinks. So although I'm not physically dependent and I drink to self medicate a pre-existing condition I'm surely psychologically addicted...Where to go from here? I feel that if I had a way to manage my anxiety I would stop reaching for the alcohol but also at times of no anxiety at all I reach for it (in larger amounts) because I know that it will induce euphoria (the type of euphoria that I assume normal people feel in times of happiness)...I truely want to quit I'm going back to school in the Fall and need to have all my wits about me at all times 100% of the time. Not to mention alcohol is hampering fitness and relationship goals. I don't become an angry drunk I become more sedated and happy however I just feel like a damn loser visiting the liquor store 4 times in a night (usually I grab a 16oz growler and a shot or a 24oz iced tea and a few shots and pound it in the parking lot as my family doesn't want me drinking inside the house). Sad I know and I want to quit. ..I guess the only thing to do is take it one day at a time and even though it's a struggle to leave the house sometimes (luckily I work from home but I still need to do stuff like go to the grocery store and gym) to just power through it and face my anxiety...I think I sorely need therapy but I refuse to be medicated except when I can't stand it anymore and self medicate with alcohol...I will not drink with you today
----------immediate responses--------

Therapy doesn't have to mean medication. CBT is amazingly helpful. Talking helps so much. 
Therapy is a good idea. My meditation practice also helped immensely with anxiety. I have no desire for any type of medication...the worst my anxiety gets is a visit to the dentist and thankfully that's a rare occasion!
There are many no cost solutions...I went to a meeting and just listened.  I didn't have to talk.  No fees no charges no requirements.  ..I heard people who understood what I had experienced.  ..They helped each other get sober.  They were sober and they wanted to help me get sober!
