-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80iemq/admitting_i_need_to_quit/

Around two years ago I had a very sudden realization that I have an issue with alcohol. I was reading a Player's Tribune article by CC Sabathia about his own alcohol struggles; my heart broke for him while reading and out of nowhere I thought  what about me? . I found SD that day and have been lurking ever since...Considering all of the stupid dangerous and embarrassing things I did during my blackout-filled drinking career it's really amazing I didn't realize my issue sooner. I guess it used to be fun and somehow it was no longer fun. I've spent the last two years lurking and taking extended breaks but have still managed to add to my list of drinking-related regrets - a list I don't feel I can bear to make any longer...Part of me wishes that I never had this realization. It feels like a bell that I can't unring. I want to be positive but I'm one of the only people I know who actually wants me to stop drinking. I want to fit in to my old life again but it can't happen knowing what I know. I want to go back in time and rewrite my history so I'm not in this position. The competing feelings are getting to me and I haven't felt like myself in two years. I'm so angry at myself for drinking from 16 years old until now and making it my legacy my personality...I guess I want to say  hello  and start participating as I've accepted that the only answer for me is to stop drinking permanently. I realize that I might lose most of what I know in the process but I guess if it's going to happen no need to delay it. It has already happened with  things I enjoy doing  and I'm worried it'll happen with my fianc  too. This thought breaks my heart but I can't avoid facing this. So fingers crossed...Thank you all so much for your contributions to this community. It has really helped me to know that I'm not at all unique - how many of us are functional or even have a good life or  could control it if we tried harder  or are being pressured to stay the same etc? I really thought I was special and it's such a relief to know that I'm not. ..I think I'm currently at three weeks or so sober. It's not generally a daily struggle for me but I am certainly capable of  forgetting that I need to stop and drinking again. Thanks for reading and sorry for the grim tone. I'm now exhausted from writing this and can't go back to make it cheerier. Guess this is a proper reflection of my current mood anyway :).
----------immediate responses--------

Alcoholism is a progressive disease. I was "functional" for years until I wasn't. It is one phase of the downward spiral of the journey. Realizing you need to quit for good is a big step. *Wanting* to quit for good is the next step. After 16 months of sobriety I still have that little voice that tries to romanticize the early days of drinking. It tries to make me forget of the costs I had incurred over 20 years. Trying to imagine the rest of your life without alcohol can be daunting at first. That is why "one day at a time" is such a useful tool in early sobriety. In time you will acclimate to life without drinking. It will become normal. It will feel great.
Welcome! It's a tough realization to come to for sure. Congrats on your 3 weeks!
Hello!!! Glad to have you hear. you've made a tremendous first step and we all believe in you. It's all about the one day at a time mentality if you can just not drink today you will worry about tomorrow when tomorrow comes. &lt;3 Can't wait to hear more about your journey.
Welcome thanks for sharing and congrats on your three weeks. 
Welcome!  I so appreciate the honesty in your post!  Congratulations on your 3 weeks of sobriety!  Keep it going .IWNDWYT.
