-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80j9kk/do_i_tell_the_truth_to_my_doc/

I'm a high-functioning alcoholic.   1/2-1.5 pints Stoly every night.  Meanwhile - my liver hurts and I'm honestly terrified...Went to BFC 12 years ago - after my pancreas and liver freaked out (at age 25).   110 days there and the next 7 years were the best of my life.   ..Relapsed 4 years ago.  Has progressed.  and am at the point where joy is absent.   I'm terrified.   ..Do I tell my doctor the truth?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.  That's how my doc helps me.
Absolutely tell your doctor. It's ok to need help.  .
Definitely. I was terrified too but I realized that doctors see our condition every single day. ..I hope that you go to your doctor be honest and embrace that joy once again in sobriety :).
100% be honest. You could get the wrong care and it could do you harm if you conceal information from your provider. Honesty is the best policy always.
Why bother going to the doctor if you don't tell them the truth?
I tell mine-they hear it all and are very understanding. Now my Doc pats me on the back when I tell him how long it has been with no booze-he saw me at 3 days dry and I was shaking. They should be with you all he way. Good wishes.
Yes. What have you got to lose? 
If you don't want to come clean to your regular doctor see one that has a lot of alcohol rehab experience.  But you know the symptoms &amp; you know what you need to do.  ..From past experience...do your best to try not to get out ahead of the science.   You can worry yourself to death doing that.  You're young &amp; physically resilient. 
Tell your Doctor the truth you don't need to be ashamed. It's the quickest way to get to feeling better.
yes
Absolutely!
Go for it!!!  
My vote is yes. ..I never told my doctors about my alcohol abuse. I was diagnosed with depression and prescribed antidepressants which I drank heavily on. I became a weird and useless version of my real self for a long time. ..I realize your medical situation is different but my point is... the more they know the better they can help you. And treatments that would make you worse if you keep drinking can be avoided. 
I was so ashamed for so long it took a lot of work to finally be honest with my Drs. I immediately wished I had done it sooner. Let them help you--it's their job after all.
I was too scared to be honest but sadly I didn't have to say a word. My body told the whole sad story.
yes. your doctor won't really believe you anyway if you lie. i have a doctor friend who after i told him i had 2-3 drinks a day told me doctors are trained not to believe people about their drinking self reports especially if they have any symptoms of alcohol related problems. .... 
If you end up telling your doctor do you moind giving us an update? I've wanted to tell my doctor for years but I'm prescribed vyvanse for adhd and I've always been afraid that she'd just assume I abuse them since I have a history with addiction even though I don't abuse them and never have in the 4+ years I've taken them. My DOC is alcohol.
Dude my doc was soooo helpful. Oddly enough her husband was an alcoholic after he got home from overseas (Navy I think). At first she was the only supportive person I really had. She not only knew what to do but experienced the other side. I heard how much she was hurt by her husbands drinking and it really kicked me to quit...If you have a doc you trust tell them. If you don't trust them get a new one. Not every doctor's personality fits with each patient so find your soulmate/souldoctor.
True bravery is someone that is afraid and does it anyway.  It sounds like you know what to do.  You will be much better off long term if you are honest.  If you lose your job the sober you has a much better chance of finding another good one tha the drunk you does. Hang in there. You can do this. Good luck.
Yes tell your doctor the truth.  Get medical assistance to detox.  Start the journey again.  You can do this.  IWNDWYT.
When I was young I was told that you should always tell the truth to your doctor and your lawyer. I have a bunch of doctor friends and they have told me that absolutely nothing surprises them anymore and they would much much rather hear the sordid truth than a shamed lie because it helps them help you get better...I once went to a doctor and was dismissed about some symptoms. So I found another doctor who was fantastic and helped me a lot. The doctor-patient relationship relies on trust...I wish you well and please come back and check in to let us know how you're doing!
The help I got from the DR was the first real steps to feeling any better.  You got to start somewhere and honestly if your DR doesn't get super happy for you and excited that you want to make a change for the better it might be time to find a new one...Best of luck not drinking with you today.
This won't be popular but I wouldn't say that it is always 100% the best idea. I have a friend who drank but was by no means a problem drinker. She developed liver failure and because she was youngish at the time the doctors kept hounding her about her alcohol use. Thankfully her husband had quite a bit of influence or I'm not sure they would have given her a new liver...This was decades ago and she is still doing great. She'll be on rejection meds the rest of her life but otherwise she lives a normal life. If you ask her she would tell you to never tell your doctor about your drinking even if it is not that much. She doesn't drink at all now but that is no big deal for her because she never drank that much anyway. ..Here's an article on the topic if anyone is interested:..https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/lifestyles/health/ct-alcoholism-liver-transplant-20170131-storyamp.html..If you read the linked article you'll see where a woman who had already quit on her own 3 months earlier got denied a transplant and died before she put in her  6 months of sobriety  aka  penance/death penalty  for being a problem drinker...If we're going to deny liver transplants to people who  caused  their disease by drinking I guess we can stop treating diabetics who are overweight? No pain medications for people who took risks like playing sports or riding a motorcycle to cause their pain? Why treat those pesky complications women get when they decide to have a child after they turn 35? ..So no thanks if my doctor asks me if I drink my answer is no (because I'm not drinking now and it's none of their business how much I've drank in the past). For the OP I would recommend working at getting the drinking under control and going to your physician to find out what is going on but skip the  patient confidentiality supposedly protected  confessions of alcohol use (once the alcohol use is documented in your history it won't go away insurance companies and transplant panels have access to that information). ...
I recommend telling your doctor the truth. I did exactly that a few weeks ago when I decided to take a shot at sobriety again. I seriously couldn't tell you how many times I've tried to get sober and eventually relapsed but getting honest with my doctor linked me to resources that I otherwise might not have found. I now have a therapist and a group that I attend regularly and despite a REALLY shaky weekend I'm on Day 55. In 21 years I believe this is the second longest stretch of sobriety that I've had in over 20 years. My doctor didn't sugar coat anything or mince words but she was also supportive and definitely wanted to help me. ..I was really scared. If you're feeling that way too I recommend making the appointment and staying away from web searches about any conditions that you fear you may have. (I say this because I did that and it just made everything worse. And in the end none of what I got myself all worried about was even a concern for my doctor.)..Take care of yourself and I'll join you in not drinking today!
I just told my doctor 3 weeks ago. Me a mess crying in her office was the motivation I needed to get sober. 
