-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80kwpt/200_days_today_wanted_to_share_a_story_that/

I am proud of myself tonight as I sit here celebrating making it through my second 100-day stretch. It is also my 29th birthday today. I am doing some reflecting and recalled one of my experiences from a few months back that I want to share. Early into my quitting alcohol I was feeling pretty good about it I felt like I was gaining some momentum after 2-3 weeks but I was a bit scared. I felt like I hadn't proven anything yet. How am I going to manage when the tests come? Sure I've made it three weeks without a drink by avoiding drinking people and places but I haven't been living my life the way I want to. Staying in all the time is not who I am. What about the wedding that's coming up and the beach cabin trip with friends that's coming up? Each time I picture myself in my head at those events I seem to be holding a drink in each one. I realize I was subconsciously preparing to drink when I go. I was ready to make an exception for myself and let myself start over. As the events neared however my desire to stay sober outlasted my temptation to drink and join in with everyone else and I completed the events without drinking. I did not have fun at them however. I drove home feeling proud of myself but relieved to be getting the hell out of there...Anyway the event I wanted to talk about was a big Halloween party I was invited to which would be attended by a good 30-40 people many of whom I did not know. I got excited about it and spent an hour and a half on my Halloween costume determined to win the best costume. It involved putting on a bald cap with makeup and liquid latex a lot of effort. I drove the 45 mins to the Halloween party getting lost on the way in the dense unfamiliar residential area in the next town over. The thought of going into a rowdy party was getting daunting and part of me was hoping i'd legitimately get lost and would be able to use that as an excuse for turning around and going home. I finally did find the place parked outside the house and just sat in the car scared to go inside. There would be a ton of people inside and a lot of drinking. And a lot of explaining to people that I suddenly don't drink. WTF? D + J's famous Halloween party and you're not drinking? I started the car back up google-mapped my home address and headed off back home. I started crying about 5 minutes into the drive back suddenly remembering all the effort I'd put into my costume and how great I looked. My mom had helped me and she wanted pics of me at the party she loved the costume so much and was excited for me. I started yelling at myself that I was fucking crazy and a fucking coward. But I'll be damned if all this effort goes for nothing so I spun the car around back to the party. I'm going I said to myself even if I'm not entirely comfortable. Part of this is learning to be a bit uncomfortable sometimes and doing things. Life tends to do that to you require you to be in situations where you're not as comfortable as you would be at home sitting in your living room. I parked again forced a smile and walked through that door. It was a huge success. Everyone laughed at my costume I drank all 8 cans of sparkling water that I brought and went home at midnight after about two hours. It was announced the next day on the Facebook event page that I'd won the best costume. How lame would it have been if I'd driven home and nobody got to see the costume that would have won. HA! ..Anyway as I hit 200 days I have made it through several challenging events including a 10-year high school reunion and a couple weddings. I feel ready to tackle so many more of these tests now. Still get emotional sometimes and wonder what the hell the point of my life is but the knowledge and wisdom shared by folks here has helped me so much and I practice a lot of the wisdom I've gained from being a regular on this incredible sub. Thank you. If you've read all this it's people like you who really make this sub the haven that it is for people. (Sorry if this was a bit long-winded or lacking a sort of a motif I'm not the greatest writer.) ..TL;DR: the first 100 days for me were a struggle days 101-199 have gone by much more quickly and I've gained a lot more confidence. Each time you experience a bit of discomfort you get stronger. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy Birthday  
Congrats on being so brave! 
Happy Birthday!!! ...Im new to all this and I have found myself thinking about the same thing when it comes to social occasions. Its gotten to the point where I have purposely avoided potential compromising positions. Its nice to know that it gets easier but not without the effort to be brave. Years ago I heard some quote something along the lines of "A tree cant grow deep roots with the blowing of wind.".. I'm going to stop quarantining myself I think its time. Thank you for your story. It really means somthing to me. IWNDWYT.
Wow what a great post! It gave me great comfort thank you. I've got upcoming events looming in my mind - a wedding Paris.. and I'm right where you were at the start just not being able to picture myself not drinking. It's such a relief to hear you moved past that and got so strong. Thanks for the inspiration - i love the image of you in your wonderful costume turning that car around! Congratulations on 200 days. 
This is a great post thank you and congratulations!! Your 200 days suit you fabulously     
Thank you for this. What great strength. IWDWYT.
Happy birthday and congratulations on 200 days Benin courageous and your costume! Thanks for sharing your story!
Congrats!
Happy Birthday and congrats! I really enjoyed this post. 
Go Dawgs! ;)..On a more serious note I'm proud of you. I am very happy of my own couple weeks and am looking forward to living this sober journey with you. IWNDWYT
Being courageous often only requires a minute or less of resolve and steadfastness.  Bravo for finding your inner hero and sharing!
wow congrats!
Happy Birthday to you!  Great read and I'm glad to see that you have been able to tackle these challenging social events head on.  Life is truly not meant to be lived in solitude (unless you're a monk of some sort!) so it's great to see that it can be done!  I wish you sobriety and good fortune on your next 200 days!
Nice going!
Thank you so much for sharing. 
ah this was perfect to read for me this morning. My best friends bachelor party is coming up this weekend and I too keep picturing myself with a drink in my hand partying with everyone else. I don't think i'll drink but it's weird that I picture myself drinking...Lord grant me the ability to freaking rage soberly this weekend. ..
Happy Birthday! 200 days is admirable...&gt;Each time you experience a bit of discomfort you get stronger...Great advice...Can I ask what your winning costume was? 
Great post! Your courage and determination at that event was amazing and I am glad it turned out to be a big sober win for you!
I needed to read this today-- thank you.
Wonderful insight. A good reminder to myself that I have to understand that I will be uncomfortable in sobriety but it will pass.
Hey that's awesome.  Thanks for sharing.  
Great post. Thanks for sharing. Congrats on 200!..I'm going on vacation to the Philippines for two weeks in April/May. Last time we were there drinking was a part of the festivities and parties. That's one of the first big challenges I'll face along with my first business trip...There's a bit of nervousness but I'm choosing not to stress about it now since it's something I can't control. I'll deal with it when it happens and focus on today for now. 
What a great share! Congratulations on your 200 days and congratulations on the "best costume" win!! 
That's was a great post thank you.
Happy Birthday man!! Its my birthday too. sadly i drank  :(
I liked the part where you talked about still getting emotional and wondering what the hell the point of your life is. I've had those same thoughts and feelings but then I think about what the hell the point of my life was when I was drinking. The point of life is still the same now that I'm sober or my lack of understanding the point is the same because I'm pretty sure that the point of life isn't drinking and that's all I've directly done is remove the alcohol. So if there's no point now there wasn't one before or conversely if there was one before then it's the same now. Unless I'm willing to go with the idea that the point if my life was simply drinking and I'm not comfortable with the idea that I ever felt that way. Sorry this is rambling but in the end I'm just happy that my sober mind has the time and energy to ponder what is or even whether there is a point to my life. Before I was just too drunk to even care. 
Congratulations. ...today is 200 days for me...looks like we're on the same path. ..
Well done and well-written!  Congratulations on 200 days!  Yeah creating new memories of fun while sober can be intimidating but each time I break through that barrier I have more self-confidence and a new set of experiences I can rely on.  Keep it up!
That's amazing! I'm only 2 days in.... and just realized I have a vacation coming up in just a few short weeks. I'm kind of wary about it but at the same time just want to focus on today. I hope I can be as strong as you! .
Happy Birthday! I LOVE the story you shared! Congratulations on being brave and on 200. 
