-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80tw7u/how_did_this_happen_my_journey_in_addiction/

This is a post from my website www.shamelesslysober.com. I hope it can be used to help others. I am new to Reddit and blogging so I would love any feedback. Thanks!..I can remember very vividly my first time drinking alcohol. I was 14 a freshman in high school and ditched school - my first time ever. I was hanging out with some kids whom I found fascinating. They were unlike any kids I ever hung out with before. They smoked listened to punk or metal and most importantly accepted me for me. I felt safe around them. I was sometimes bullied as a kid. Small awkward and having very unattractive teeth I was an easy target. It was refreshing to have a group of kids who didn't care about any of that...One day in Spring a group of us went to an apartment and I began drinking heavily. By heavily I mean I had a Budweiser a sip of Boone's strawberry wine and a shot of Peppermint Schnapps. That was enough for me! I was 14 and 130 pounds after all. Little did I know that I would now have a 50% chance of being being addicted as an adult (I don't use the word alcoholic or addict in this blog. See here for my reasoning)...In my early adulthood I had a completely normal relationship with alcohol. I would drink here and there. There were a couple of times I got drunk because I didn't know my limits but plenty of "normies" have had those experiences. However a change happened in about 2009 where alcohol began to become a more important part of my life. As I write this I am in a rehab facility away from my friends and family. My goal is to discover why this change happened...I do know that I started drinking at this time because I began having insomnia. I had recently applied to be in the LAPD and didn't get accepted. I remember that rejection killing me as it was such a stressful process to apply for that job and I thought I had it. I was happy as teacher but I always worried I wasn't doing a good job and began questioning if it was for me...As for my drinking I started out by drinking either a heavy beer (something at least 9%) or a mixed drink usually with vodka. This was exclusively at night after Joanne fell asleep but before bed. It wasn't every night but often enough. I was still drinking normally at this time not getting drunk at most social functions and was able to have one beer or wine with my wife and not want another. However eventually this one drink turned to two then to three...Eventually I found myself drinking in the daytime first to get rid of the hangover then because of stress. At the time I owned a business and whenever I lost a customer I found myself drinking to cope. I eventually lost that business (imagine that!) and my drinking escalated for a short time. I got a new job working for a friend which helped alleviate the daytime drinking. However the night drinking was still in full swing...After leaving that job I started my current career. I was still not drinking during the day and did not even have a desire or thought to do so. I thought that was in my past. It was just the stress of my business. I have a good career and can support my family. Things are looking up. My nighttime drinking even subsided some. However that was about to change...A couple of years into this job I experienced a brutal busy season. My company's busy season is from December to February. I have years of experience in this industry and never experienced anything like this year-end. I first found myself bringing a bottle of whiskey to work to share with my co-workers because we were all on edge and nearing on nervous breakdowns. This was only a couple of times but it would plant a seed in my head that I could do this and it would be ok. I knew it wouldn't be a good idea to do this publicly but if I could do it in secret maybe I could deal with stressful days...My company had huge cubicles and it was extremely easy to pour a drink at work and not get caught. I found myself having a drink at work to cover the hangover or just to deal with stress. Like my sleep this eventually led to two drinks then three. I was starting to get out of control. I was perfectly functional at work at this time and no one had any idea I had been drinking much of the time...Eventually I was downing six ounces of vodka right before hopping on my motorcycle.My job allows me to work at home. At this time I had my own private home office. Whenever my wife wasn't home I would usually pour a drink to take the edge off. Besides who's going to know? For a while it was fine (at least in my head). But of course that would change. My ability to be a functional drunk was becoming more difficult. It wasn't that I couldn't function while intoxicated. I was very good at that. It was when I wasn't drinking I became an asshole. I would get angry at my boss or take my frustrations out on my wife. Eventually I was downing six to eight ounces of vodka right before hopping on my motorcycle hoping that I would crash and die on the freeway so my family could get the life insurance. Of course I am sure they wouldn't since it would be found I was drinking but the addicted don't always think things through! ..I couldn't do this anymore. I knew the time was coming where I would have to confess my addiction to my wife...But how? I wasn't that worried about telling her. She is a loving and supportive wife and we have been together since we were 17 years old. Sure I feared her reaction but more than anything I feared the reaction of our friends and family. My telling her means I get to be the "family drunk" or "the loser".  "Kris is weak and a liar." My wife's problems don't have to be displayed for all to know but mine might as well be tattooed on my forehead. ..One evening I took my dog to the vet in my wife's car. On our way home I stopped by the local drug store because I knew I was going to be out of alcohol that night. I bought a handle of whiskey and placed it in the rear compartment of my wife's Prius. I had planned on moving it from there to one of my many hiding spots when I got home. The dog must have distracted me because I forgot to move it. "Oh well Joanne isn't going anywhere tonight." At least that is what I thought. ..She left in her car. I wasn't too worried because I didn't think she would even know the whiskey was there. After all I have never even seen her use that compartment. I drank my remaining secret vodka then poured a glass of Joanne's wine to cover up the smell of the vodka. Soon after I got a call from Joanne asking what was rolling around in her trunk. My heart dropped. This might be it. I told her I had no idea but in my head a wrestling match was going on. Do I drive to the store where she is at and get the bottle before she has a chance to look? Do I take the chance that she will forget? Or do I just let what happens happen?..I stayed put and took my chances. When she got home she was holding the handle. I could have easily made an excuse that I bought that for someone at work but decided to come clean. What followed was one of the worst conversations of our lives where I blamed her for not noticing I have a problem and went off on stupid shit that had nothing to do with why alcohol was ruining my life. We slept separately both in shock at where are lives were about to go...The next day we went for a walk to discuss what had happened. As part of that conversation I was told that if I ever drank again Joanne would leave me and I wouldn't see the kids. I understood her feelings. She had been lied to for years and who knows how my drinking would progress if I started back up. However it was probably the worst thing she could say to me if she truly wanted to stay with me and have me not drink. As we would slowly learn later someone with an addiction no matter how well intentioned cannot stay sober if he does not do it for himself...I tried to stay sober. Neither of us really knew what to do. I would look for AA meetings but often be terrified so I wouldn't go in. I tried going to Celebrate Recovery a Christian-based recovery program. It is basically AA that uses the Bible for 12 steps. When they had an obviously gay speaker stand up and tell his story about how he is no longer gay I knew this wasn't the place for me. I am addicted to alcohol. I wasn't in the mood to hear about "how shameful it is to be gay." I needed help with my drinking...I managed about six weeks of sobriety when one day I craved an IPA. I went to the liquor store and grabbed one. I downed it before anyone got home and threw it away after. This was my test to see if I could drink like a normal person. While that beer didn't immediately lead to another it began a slippery slope where I was back to secretly drinking again...It didn't take long until I would slip up and get caught. Right as I was getting the ingredients to cook for our 18th anniversary Joanne found a bag with a receipt in our freezer. I had stupidly drank a few beers the night before and left the bag in there. Joanne screamed at me uncontrollably crying and asking how I could do this to her. I felt horrible. While my inherent selfishness is certainly a big part of my addiction my wish not to hurt my family is another. I never told her because I knew that would hurt her. I would later understand that if I had told her things would be different but I was afraid of losing her and my children...For the most part after this I was able to stay sober with a few secret slip ups here and there...This all led to October of 2016 which was a pivotal moment in my recovery. I was in Mexico with my two girls while my wife stayed home. Every year my kids and I help a mission build a home in Tijuana. At this time it was difficult to call on a cell phone as international lines charged per minute. Therefore I called Joanne in the evening on the second night we were there. I was expecting a pleasant conversation as any husband would when being apart from his wife. Instead I got a question. "Do you have something to tell me?" Immediately I thought "Did I leave a receipt somewhere?" I meekly said "I have been drinking again." That was not the answer she was expecting...While I was out of the country Joanne's dad told her that I have been taking his pills (Norco or Oxycontin) and he had $500 missing. Of course since I am addicted to alcohol I must be addicted to all drugs and must have taken the pills. Even though I didn't Joanne didn't believe me. However that didn't matter now. "You have been drinking?" I accidentally confessed to drinking when she was expecting me to confess that I had taken her dad's pills and money...After some international arguing we decided that we would look at rehab facilities when I got home...The Sunday I got home Joanne asked about our finances and I told her we were in debt. Years of secret alcohol purchases as well as IRS issues and some unwise investments and purchases had led to financial difficulties. Of course the burden of keeping this secret did not help my drinking. I felt an immediate weight lifted off of me from the confession...We decided that a program at Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach would be a good fit for our lifestyle situation. I would still be able to work and go to rehab at night. When I first walked in I felt at ease as my case manager was very kind and compassionate. I felt no judgement whatsoever. ..When it was time to meet the other addicts in the program I felt a huge sense of relief when I noticed that most of them were very similar to me. There were business professionals family men and women college graduates etc. I felt for the first time that this addiction can affect anyone not just "losers" like me...We immediately learned about how addiction affects the brain and why our behaviors are the way they are. I loved the science behind it and it made me feel less insecure about my drinking. I enjoyed hearing about dopamine neurotransmitters oxytocin and all of the ways our brains have changed from our addiction...On day one a tall handsome businessman named Ron spoke about his addiction. Without going into details I was struck by the emotion he showed when speaking about his losses his addiction and his family. I thought to myself this guy has it so much harder than I ever did and although he is addicted he is a successful well put together man. I thought to myself if this successful kind man has an addiction maybe I am not such a loser. Maybe this is something that can happen to anyone...I texted Ron to ask what AA group he went to. I joined him the next morning at 6:45 in Long Beach. I was immediately struck with just how big this meeting was. I had gone to some AA meetings but there was rarely over 20 people there. This one had closer to 150. There was an AA member leading the meeting along with a secretary. As part of the meeting the leader would ask anyone under 30 days sober to stand up. Ron and I stood. I thought it may have been humiliating but it wasn't. I was in a room of people with similar stories and there was no judgement. The leader would randomly pick on people to share on whatever the topic was. I prayed I would not get called on. I wasn't. Ron was called on though (Unfortunately after first publishing this post Ron lost his battle with addiction)...During the meeting a member gave us a card and said to call him if we ever needed anything. One requirement of my rehab was to get a sponsor. Since I knew nobody to be a sponsor I thought of this guy. He was dressed in a suit and looked to have a professional job. I called him up and we met at the next meeting. ..When we met I was taken aback by something he said. It made such an impact to me that it was my initial inspiration for this blog. He told me that if he saw me in public I wasn't to talk to him. If he saw me he wouldn't talk to me. We were to keep our addiction a secret. So wait...if addiction is a disease as the AMA and AA propose why are we keeping it a secret? Does someone who has lung cancer because of smoking keep it a secret? Does the diabetic who eats too much sugar keep it a secret? Why do we have to hide in the shadows?..Needless to say that guy was never going to be my sponsor. ..I continued going to rehab and learning as much as I could. In the beginning though I did not commit 100% nor did I have the tools yet to get rid of the cravings I would suffer from. I quickly learned that if I drank a pint of vodka on Friday it would be out of my system by the time I would have a pee test on Monday or Tuesday. However I felt like shit doing that and really wanted to take this seriously; therefore I stopped that after two times...Joanne was very involved during the rehab. She was almost always there on Fridays when family members would come. She would share her perspectives and get to know the other loved ones. I felt she was starting to understand my addiction and that I was not drinking to hurt her or our girls. ..Graduation came eight weeks after checking in. Patients whom I started with that were already graduated came to the ceremony as well as the ones that were still in the rehab. My wife and kids came too. Everyone had uplifting affirming speeches and really made me want to stay sober. My wife cried as did I. This was it. My drinking was over...Or so I thought.....The following month Joanne and I were headed to a followup class at Hoag. When we got there we learned that this was a class just for family members not the addicted ones. I drove home with the intention of just taking it easy. As I was driving I felt an overwhelming voice telling me to head to the drug store and buy some vodka. The kids were gone. The wife was gone. I would be sober when I had to pick her up right? I picked her up that afternoon and she automatically knew I had been drinking. I tried avoiding the conversation. I was so nervous from the guilt I felt that even though it had been hours since I finished that bottle I could not act normal. I eventually admitted that I had been drinking...After this relapse I decided I would refocus. I went to regular meetings got a new sponsor  and worked to stay sober. However as soon as I took my foot of the gas of my sobriety car I relapse again. This time it was worse than ever. I was drinking from a fifth to a handle a day. I was either intoxicated or thinking of being intoxicated. I was still able to function at work and home but the guilt I felt was killing me. I was too cowardly to tell Joanne I had relapsed and she eventually found out. ..This time she was so hurt that she screamed at me. Cries of "I hate you!" still resonate in my head. I did not want to keep drinking. I told my sponsor and got back on track for a short time. It didn't last. I was not being honest with myself. There was a lot going on in my mind that I could not process like a normal person. Why I am drinking? I don't even like it at this point. I can't get a normal buzz like the average person. Drinking just gives me ADD and a headache in the morning. What the hell is my obsession with alcohol?..Joanne and I read "Broken" by William Cope Moyers. The son of famous journalist Bill Moyers Cope had an extreme addiction to crack. Here was this privileged Christian affluent man whose addiction overcame him so badly that he ended up in crack houses strung out and missing from his loved ones. I highly recommend this book as it gives such an insight to what is happening in the mind of an addicted person. While their stories vary I found his story to resonate with me. Joanne felt the same. ..The rest of 2017 was filled with relapse. I would get a week or two of sobriety but because of my inability to be honest I could not make it stick. I was lying to everyone. My wife. My kids. My sponsor. My friends and family. The ache of being a hypocrite was going to literally kill me. I thought that in October when my youngest daughter accidentally tried my pineapple gin &amp; juice that would stop me. Certainly the look of disappointment and fear on her face would make me stop right?  I am sure you know the answer. After just a couple of days I was back at it...This latest relapse would eventually lead me to where I am today as I write this post. ..I had been on a cycle where I was drinking heavily at night and was extremely hungover in the morning. Instead of going to AA I was usually parking somewhere and sleeping in the back of my car. The windows are tinted and no one would even know that there was someone in the car. I would usually have a drink or two in the morning so I could relieve the hangover. As I can see now I wasn't only lying to everyone I loved I was lying to myself. I felt that a drink or two in the morning wouldn't really affect my behavior. I am usually optimistic at work. I joke with people and try to keep the atmosphere light in an otherwise stressful environment...That lie I told myself would be evident on December 28 2017. My wife texted me something that upset me far more than it had any right to do. What would otherwise just be something a couple would argue about and get over with turned into a life changing event for me and my family. At about 11am I took off and drove to the liquor store where I bought a 22oz 12% beer and a pint of vodka. Keep in mind that I had already consumed two mini bottles that morning...I drank both of those quickly. Normally I could drink that and be "ok." Not sober by any means but I could function. However something powerful overcame me. Instead of going back into the office I walked back to the supermarket and bought another 22oz 12% beer and a bottle of wine. I took those and drove to the Trader Joe's parking lot across the street so I could get more alcohol if I wanted. ..I finished the beer and started on the wine when I texted Joanne that I have been drinking and crying all day. She immediately called. I initially declined the call but she called back. I answered and she asked if this was the first time. I admitted that I had never stopped something I was too afraid to tell her when I was sober. She told me to stay put assuming that I would eventually sober up and come home. My sponsor immediately called but I was in no position to talk to him. I texted him that I was ok but I wasn't. I finished the bottle of wine but don't remember much for the next couple of hours...What I remember next was me walking into Trader Joe's to pee and buy more alcohol. I was tempted to buy the scotch but I was afraid that I would drink it all and kill myself. Instead I bought a bottle of port. It has about 1/2 the alcohol content of scotch but would still get the job done. How I was able to buy it I have no idea. I proceeded to drink the port in my car. Luckily I passed out before consuming the whole thing...I woke up at about 10pm to the sound of my wife opening my door. My oldest daughter had tracked me down using my phone's GPS. I was still holding a cup of the port. She struggled to get me out of the car and into her car. As she drove home all I could do was be embarrassed and shocked at my behavior. I was slowly feeling more and more intoxicated and light headed. We got to the house and my wife pulled into the garage...As she tried getting me out of car I was complete dead weight. She pulled me out and I fell hit my head on the garage and then the ground. She screamed and my daughters heard and saw it. I remember her trying to get me up and she was able to convince me that I could at least make it back into the car to sleep it off. I did all while crying how embarrassed I was. I remained in the car until 4:30am when Joanne came to move me to the couch. ..I woke up the next morning and texted my boss that I would not be in that day. My next thought was "I need help." I was so relieved when later that day my wife kindly and lovingly said that I needed to go to rehab and not live in the house. I knew that this was the best thing for me but was hesitant to leave my wife and kids for a long period of time. However without hesitation I agreed. Three days later on January 1 2018 I was in rehab away from my family for the longest period in my nearly 20 years of marriage.
----------immediate responses--------

Your story is so much like the rest of us. Good luck on your journey and I wish you only the best! 
Has this been the longest stint of sobriety for you? Almost two months? 
I can really relate to the never ending chaotic cyclone of broken promise. Kriss that was a great story I really like your writing style. I hope to read more in the future. IWNDWYT.
I really enjoy these long read pieces. This is great writing...Thank you for posting. 
Thank you for sharing 
Thank you for sharing.  Your story is similar to my own.  This life is not easy but it is worth it.  Keep pushing forward.
I enjoyed your blog - I read the whole thing and could relate to soooo much. Especially your thoughts on insurance. If you figure out that puzzle I sure would love to read about it. I hope you will start updating again...I'd like to see how you life is progressing.
