-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80y5bg/ill_never_forget_what_this_community_did_for_me/

During so many critical moments in my life in the past 6 years r/sd has steered me in the right path and I am so thankful. Since joining this community I have:..* Acknowledged my alcoholism.* attended AA meetings.* attended therapy regularly.* started visiting a physician regularly as well.* reversed my gingivitis.* started addressing my underlying anxiety and depression.* quit drinking and focused on preventing relapses to create the success I've had today.* got a job.* entered a serious relationship.* got engaged.* got married.* got a raise.* got a promotion.* saved money.* eliminated debt.* started a business.* started going to the gym at 6am.* lost weight.* eliminated my acne problems.* built significant muscle .* established and practiced new and old hobbies piano painting programming... The big 3 p's .* started traveling a lot... Leaving for a 7 day Caribbean cruise this weekend. looking forward to sober sunshine. .* joined sports leagues for things I've never tried before like soccer and ultimate frisbee.* knocked my golf score down 6 strokes!!!.* made friends.* gotten closer and more honest with my friends and family.* ..The list goes on and on. My life which I once thought was over now seems like it's just beginning. And I have to thank this forum and specifically the IRC channel for keeping me in check and helping me set healthy goals especially during emergencies - such as the times when I've almost relapsed but swallowed my pride and asked for help in tears to keep me from entering the liquor store...  It's so wonderful to know you're not alone and the best version of yourself is still attainable.  If you are ever in doubt... Please reach out. Pardon the rhyme..Thanks for listening
----------immediate responses--------

Aw     I got teary reading this good wholesome post. .I'm so happy you are out there living it up with your new sobriety!  Yes!    ..
Wiping away a tear too. This is the good stuff that makes all the struggle worth it!
A..MAZING!!!.Thank you!
Incredible!  So happy for you and the life you have given yourself. IWNDWYT
Congratulations!! What an incredible journey. 
And your post gives back to the community to help others see what is possible. .Thanks. 
Yayyy. So glad you are on the other side now!
This makes my heart sing.  I get so much happiness out of your happiness.  I hope you soak in that ocean breeze and enjoy every moment.
That's wonderful news! Congrats on the new life. It's hard to pick up the pieces and as you note it's a lot easier with the support you find here at AA and other places. So just as you're glad we're here we're glad you're here. The more the merrier!
Fantastic!@
&gt;* knocked my golf score down 6 strokes!!!..No Mr. Meeseeks required. Congrats. IWNDWYT! 
Congrats so inspiring! 
Life is better without alcohol. Enjoy it!
Awesome sauce. ..Enjoy your cruise...Keep coming back  it gets better. 
You are amazing.
What a wonderful post. Congratulations on your sobriety and everything you've made of it! 
IWNDWYT!
Thats amazing!!! My accomplishments are more modest but they feel great too!!
Great to hear you are doing so well. This place is a godsend!
Congrats and continued success to you !
Awesome
Wow! That is a lot of improvement in a few years! This gives me a lot to look forward to. 
Thanks for this..your post is going into my " why we do this" folder.. :)
I feel like a failure today and I am so depressed. I feel I will never succeed in life. I will not drink with you today. But I think I will go to bed way early to avoid alcohol temptation...and also put this failure day behind me.
Love it. Glad you're living a happy life.
I'm really happy for you
Fuck yea! Congrats on all that! Seeing people talk about all the positive things that happened after getting sober is incredible. It really helps newbies like myself keep eyes on the prize!
Congratulations! Thanks for sharing with us. 
 Congratulations! Thank you for posting this is a great reminder of the wonderful things we are capable of when we don't pick up the first drink. IWNDWYT
Congratulations! 
I always found that my golf game was the best after 3 or 4 beers. The only problem was that I would still have 15 more holes to play and I never stopped drinking beer lol.
I love your list- and I'm so happy for you and so inspired. IWNDWYT!..Happy and lucky 888 tomorrow :).
Fabulous 
congrats :) good share
I'm going to print this one and read it daily.  You are amazing in all that you accomplished.  You rock.  BTW what is the IRC channel?
Man it's crazy what a bunch of strangers online have done for us isn't it? I think this sub saved my life
Thank you so much. I have read your words three times now.
