-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/80zyx1/major_appetite_since_quitting_again_anyone_else_i/

Has anyone else ever had the experience of quitting then maybe after a few days wanted to eat everything in sight? I relapsed over the weekend after a month of sobriety and I feel like I threw my whole system out of whack...I usually run 4-5 days a week but the last few days since my stomach got better I just can't seem to get enough food. No exercise yet I almost feel like my body is still trying to recover from all the damage I did over the weekend especially since my digestion was destroyed. ..I'm glad I'm eating normal food again and staying away from booze. Just curious. I haven't had an appetite like this in a very long time. Is this normal? I ate 2 solid lunches today! 
----------immediate responses--------

It happens to me too. I just choose to indulge as long as I can stay sober. ..Keeping myself full keeps my desire to drink low as well. ..I figure I cant possibly eat the 4500+ calories of vodka I was drinking every week even if I wanted to. LOL.
Oh yeah I had an insane craving for McDonald's today which I usually don't eat much of. I have to say it sure was good too.
I really went buck wild with the food for the first few weeks it was very enjoyable :) those munchies did subside after that just hang in there.. 
Your body is missing a huge amount of calories and sugars that it used to get from booze. My appetite is increased as well and like another op said: eating helps control my cravings. Yesterday I had a long day at work and had to wait for my train. Usually I buy some beer to drink during the ride and to treat myself but now I bought myself some fries. It's not healthy (but less damaging than alcohol!) and as long as it helps me control my cravings during these first days I am fine with it.
I ate my ass off when I started out. Find things you like and indulge in them. Treat yourself. ..I don't know if it was misplaced cravings or my body looking for something to replace the empty calories. I just knew that it was better than the booze. ..Keep up the good work. ..IWNDWYT
I had that. People in AA told me it was normal and that my body was just craving the sugar it used to get from booze. Enjoy it while you can it'll pass.
Same here! Last night I went on a late night McDonald's right because I couldn't handle not having a milkshake and some fries! But after I had it I was in such a good mood and didn't crave a drink after that either! Hang in there
Absolutely - I am still eating all the things at almost two months. I don't crave sugar though it's cheese crunchy vege crisps spicy food  salads garlic [anything with garlic!] pickles those yummy bits of fat from a perfectly cooked steak or lamb chops ham and bacon sour cream roasted orange vegetables [any kind of orange vegetable!] fermented nut cheese salt and vinegar crackers.... and every now and then one or two small chocolate truffles [like maybe once a week?]  I figure my body is trying to replace nutrients that got depleted as well as compensate for the sudden drop in calorie intake and also craving foods that heal the gut [high fibre for prebiotic like the salads and baked vegies and vege crisps; and probiotics from the cultured foods including cheeses pickles sour cream etc]. I've just gone with it. So long as I am not considering wine a food group I'm good [and still losing weight!]..
Yup!
It's pretty common. Eat some sweets your body is used to processing all of the carbs and sugar from alcohol. Some good candy will knock out a craving and hunger. It did for me anyway.
Sounds quite normal to me!  I avoided food somewhat when drinking as it interfered with the absorption of the alcohol. Now my interest in food has come back. I made some hot cross buns tonight with my son - They were great! (spits crumbs everywhere) and well done on stopping drinking!   
Eat all the foods! Indulge yourself in ways that isn't drinking. I've never enjoyed sweets but I have been eating more of them now. I'm thinking it's because drinking always made me feel full and bloated so I didn't really want to eat at all. Now I just take the money I would normally purchase alcohol with and use it towards yummy food! Tonight is pho actually. 
3 days here &amp; I'm eating absolutely fucking everything in my house! I'm not sweating it for the first week or two - as long as I'm not drinking it's all good. I will pig out &amp; not drink with you today :)
Same my appetite has been huge. ..I was worried about it but then decided to deal with one thing at a time. I'm already doing a good thing by giving up drinking and that has been enough of a challenge!..Now that I am finally starting to feel normal after 58 days of not drinking I'm feeling ready to tackle healthy eating :) 
That's interesting I haven't had that but I know that when I'm hungry exercise can put it off for a couple of hours.
I gained ten pounds and turned Into The Sugar Monster (rarely drank sweet alcoholmixers and never had desserts so I found this weird!) I knew it was still better than drinking and although I was getting fatter for the first time in my life I literally didn't care.  ...I theorized that my body wanted nutrition so I fed it! The bloat though quickly became uncomfortable and anything more than 10 pounds feels too hard to lose so I swapped all the white flour stuff and replaced it with potatoes and other root vegetables and avoided fried stuff. Quantity wise I ate! Just good home cooked food and lotsa salad. The crazy hunger did subside though. Alcohol makes it hard for body to absorb nutrients so maybe we are actually compensating for some malnutrition       
Yes yes yes!! ..https://youtu.be/HrIeP798hiQ..This is basically me in every restaurant we've been to this week...On Monday night I ordered 4 Big Macs for delivery because I felt like a snack. 
I'm so hungry now that I'm not constantly hungover!!! But I bought some fruit and veggies to keep on hand whenever I want a snack. I figure getting in vitamins will help the detox process along. But I am also eating candy &amp; chips :)
My appetite is also through the roof.  Unfortunately i'm not craving salad or vegetables.  I want pasties pot noodles and cheesecake!
