-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/810b2d/400_days_and_still_vulnerable/

So this weekend I was downtown with my younger (adult) sisters and the establishment we were at had a big craft beer area attached to it. I was fine for a long time (we weren't even in the beer area) then just as we were starting to think about leaving I got really sad. I started to think about all these normal people who can just enjoy a beer and be fine. And then there's me who had to screw everything up by becoming a goddamn alcoholic. I felt like such a failure - why couldn't I just be normal...Thankfully as the tears rolled down my face my sisters reminded me of how far I've come since getting sober - almost debt free (roll on March 31!) down 20 pounds exercising 5 days/week strong relationships solid job...so what if this little thing wasn't a part of my life anymore. ..And they're right. Society tries to make us believe that alcohol is this great thing but it's just a thing. Some people don't eat meat some people don't drink. I'm not missing out on anything. ..Anyway I'm sharing this because I want to remind you reader that if you're struggling after a few days you're not alone. And if you're struggling after 400 days it's ok too. Every day you choose who you're going to be. Today I choose to be successful. ..-Birdie
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing this. I'm nowhere near 400 days but this helped.
Good message and very true. I find checking in here and remaining cognizant of being an alcoholic really helps me keep my guard up. But every now and then I get hit with some temptation. ..Great job Birdie. IWNDWYT
I feel like I have not fully been tested yet. The true tests will be when spring/summer comes around and seeing people enjoy cold craft beers in the beautiful weather. But i'm sure soda water is just as refreshing without making you tired afterwards and the extra calories! Thanks for sharing!
Good post birdie     you're right.  
Also some of those  normal  people that can drink are secretly struggling and wishing they were 400 days sober.  
Great share! I totally know the feeling.
That is exactly what I needed to hear right now - THANK YOU! 
And if you're struggling after 600 days that's ok too. Keep fighting. 
My brain keeps stumbling across moments like these as I schedule things for the future. Vacation in DC! Oh but I won't be able to have a glass of wine at my favorite restaurant. Going to a concert! Can I even dance when I'm sober? ..My day-to-day has been great. But looking ahead it's easier for the good to be overshadowed by a sense of loss. ..I guess that's why it's one day at a time huh? Because what's in front of me today is real. And the good things I've gained are so much bigger than what I've set aside. ..I'm so glad your sisters were there to help you dispel the sadness and regain your perspective. Sounds like you worked hard for it. IWNDWYT!
Thanks for sharing. 
This "And they're right. Society tries to make us believe that alcohol is this great thing but it's just a thing. Some people don't eat meat some people don't drink. I'm not missing out on anything." THANKS!
