-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8160lv/day_3/

I finally made it to day 3!! This is the first time I've been sober for 3 consecutive days in at least a year.  Seeing everyone's stories on here have seriously motivated me to better myself. You are all amazing. I spoke with my boss and told her I have a substance abuse problem and need help. She was more than amazing. I have had the whole week off to get help and begin this long road. I got involved in an outpatient program which is starting tomorrow. I'm finally doing it guys. I'm finally kicking alcohol and drugs to the friggin curb and getting back to the life I want. My alcoholism has been so bad recently I've been having trouble concentrating enough to read.  I've been struggling to socialize in settings without alcohol. I've told myself that anywhere there wasn't drinking was boring and not worth participating in. I shudder to think of all the people I've hurt and all the badass things I've missed out on in the past 4 years.  But no more drinking before work. No more running to pick up a bottle of liquor as soon as I'm out of work. No more slugging liquor to forget about my impending hangover only to wake up and hate my life and do it all again. My withdrawals felt like a scene from trainspotting. Cold sweats paranoia anxiety trembling lightheadedness cravings like I've never had. But I made it through it.  I still feel like shit but I know everyday will slowly start to get better. I creeped on this sub like a fiend motivating myself with all of your wonderful stories. Telling myself how much I want what many have you have regained.  Thank you stop drinking. I will not drink with you all today!! 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice one. Day 3 for me too. We can do this!
Glad I saw this so I didn't have to start a day 3 thread lol. The Trainspotting comparison is very apt. Sounds like you have GREAT support! Let's go get 'em!
Great job! The first week or two can be rough but it definitely gets better... hang in there!..Grab a [Badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you want one I find it a really good motivator to keep going.....I won't drink with you today!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
To tell you boss it take balls! Good for you!
I am impressed with you bravery talking to your boss but what a way to give yourself every chance at succeeding...Good luck.
I won't drink with you today
I had to reset again as well I'm around 5 days so far...Keep it up!!!
\o/ YES!!!!.I *love* this post!  I'm jumping around with excitement for you!!! Grrr you've got this good choice.  I will not be drinking with you    
Yasss!! Love to hear stories like this! Welcome to SD Iwndwyt 
