-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/817z08/bad_news_bad_week_struggling/

I want to scream I want to cry and I want to drink...About two weeks ago I tripped on a sidewalk and am experiencing a lot of pain on the right side of my chest. I think I may have broken a rib but my insurance sucks and the cost of a Dr. visit and x-ray will be more than I have in my bank account...Had I been drunk I probably wouldn't have tensed up while falling and probably wouldn't have hurt myself so badly...In the meantime I had been interviewing for day-jobs (music money is scarce this time of year). I had two great prospects made it to late rounds spent well over 15 hours on the phone and in offices to get the "it's not you it's me" rejection today...I've successfully stayed sober for the first two months of 2018 and all of this shit is making me want to head to the nearest bar. I can resist but I need a fucking break.
----------immediate responses--------

Not much they can do for a broken rib except tape it tight anyway. Keep plugging along on the job search. It will keep you off your feet anyway...May as well hit a meeting tonight hang out with some people who are also trying to stay sober. It has always helped me cope with the "troubles" that come with basic life.
That's awful!! If you are seriously hurt though and need medical attention I would go in. Medical bills suck but you can pay it off later when things improve financially and otherwise. ..I'm on the job search too it's pretty awful. So much unpaid work goes into applying and interviewing. I feel like the "one day at a time" approach I am taking to not drinking is also a good approach for job searching... I just take things in as they come (good or bad) and actively force myself to not take it personally or get attached to outcomes. ..You know in your heart drinking won't solve any of this shit and will just make it worse. But you're right you need a break. What's something pleasant and relaxing you can do for yourself that doesn't cost a ton of money? 
Hang in there friend. I was out of work for 3 months and was so effin' miserable and poor but I finally landed a gig I started last month and I love it! Only to say that it felt like a huge shut storm to me too but something finally came through which it has a habit of doing
