-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81cdir/near_beer/

Haven't drank since Sunday night.  Been telling myself for years  well after I do this or after we go here or after this party I'll get sober .  Got back from a mini vacation which I drank heavily every night and just decided okay this is it. It's a Monday start fresh do good.   Been eating healthy and all but I still stay up every night as if I'm up drinking.  I still feel super tired.  I still wake up with a head ache and dry mouth.  Today the craving was insane and I decided you know what I'm gonna drink fuck this.  Told the wife I was going to the store for melatonin so I could try and actually sleep.  I tried to wait till midnight so I wouldn't even have the option of getting beer but I tricked myself into going earlier.  Got the melatonin and some other shit checked my watch it was still 1154 so I had 6 minutes. I went to the beer aisle and just stared at my usual picks and thought about how shitty I'd feel waking up but how damn good it would feel to be drunk. I went to go grab a case and right above it was some non alcoholic beer.  I sat staring at it for a solid minute then just grabbed a six of the non alcoholic stuff and left before I could do anything else.  I know it's not a full blown relapse (I don't know if I've even been sober long enough to have one) but I still feel a little shitty.  But it definitely helped the craving and feeling of needing a beer. Hopefully I can stay sober tomorrow.   Not sure what I'm looking to get out of this post just needed to vent.  Thanks y'all 
----------immediate responses--------

I can't tell if the near beer is a good or bad thing for our type of human. Jury seems mixed about it here as well though I think most people will say non alcoholic beer is for non alcoholics. ..Personally my goal is to have a fridge full of all the flavors of carbonated waters. Still put it in a coozy hangout with roommates and not have that feeling of MY GOD WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS ya know? ..Plus wake up super hydrated and after three days of it the dry mouth is gone. 
I've actually never had one before. But I mean to whole purpose is to abstain from drinking alcohol it doesn't have alcohol in it so I would consider it not drinking lol tbh idk sounds logical though.   \\\_( )\_/ 
Good save. 
I have stood at the beer cooler many times seeing the Near beer knowing it's what I should buy thinking I should buy it but then making the wrong decision. Good for you in making the right one. For me in the long run it's a dangerous alternative since it's so close to the real thing but if it works at the moment when it counts most go for it. I'm glad stores provide that point of purchase alternative; that last opportunity for the right decision before the wrong decision is made. Best of luck. Well done.
