-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81ckfk/triple_digits/

In celebration of reaching triple digits I wanted to share some thoughts and look back on some of my non-drinking victories since quitting. This is my longest sober streak since starting to drink in my mid twenties (I'm 35 now) and I don't have any interest in going back. It has been easy this time around because I understood and accepted that alcohol wasn't giving me anything good. This understanding came mostly from reading This Naked Mind during a sober stretch of about 60 days and then relapsing which cemented in my mind what exactly alcohol was giving me. Spoiler alert the answer is nothing but misery....**Some situations that I survived sober:**..  My ex getting a new boyfriend and our friendship subsequently fading...  A super fancy dinner with work where wine was flowing and free...  Christmas with my family...  New years alone...  Various eating out situations...  And my most common drinking situation which is alone in my home whenever I got the chance and since I live alone this happens all the time....I've been actively trying to quit for over a year and aware of the issue much longer than that. At 100 days sober I find myself hitting my stride with an outlook so positive I could not have imagined it possible even as recently as half a year ago. So far I have no regrets and no feelings of loss staying sober is what I truly want to do...Let us keep exploring the wonderful universe of sobriety my fellow sobernauts!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! I'm only starting the journey but posts like this give me hope. 
This is now the 10th time or so I've seen this book mentioned. Going to give it a try.. thanks!..And congrats on 100 days it's huuuge!
Awesome!.I'm right behind you!.IWNDWYT friend  
Fantastic! Those victories are huge and empowering. I'm right behind ya. Congrats on 100 days.
Great post! Good Job!
Congratulations on 100 days and never giving up!
