-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81k3e0/wondering_about_grief_depression_recovery/

Hey there... first post here. I'm struggling with losing my brother to cancer (we are in our mid-thirties and it's been devastating). He was diagnosed with stage four brain cancer about 6 months ago and is in hospice now. ..I started to realize that I wanted to quit drinking recently - I would drink a bottle of wine almost every night and wake up the next day hating myself. Now that I quit (just shy of two weeks sober) I see that have been deferring / delaying my true emotions about my brother's illness and imminent death. ..Does anyone else have experience with this? If so what resources helped you? If this isn't the right place to post is there another support group? Feeling more than just a little bit lost right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so so sorry. I have lost a few family members recently to cancer. I'm also probably depressed but undiagnosed. I have no suggestions but we are all here for you. IWNDWYT
I am so sorry to hear this. I have a little experience of what you're going through it's hard and we are all thinking of you...You're in my thoughts tonight. I will not drink with you today.
THERAPY!..I have been dealing with depression and anxiety since the age of 12. Just like with my bouts of sobriety when I started to feel better I would stop doing what made me feel better in the first place. Im sitting here at near 11 months sober and start therapy again in 2 weeks... Drinking was the SOLUTION to my life's problems not the cause of them. Since I've stopped drinking I need to find a new solution and therapy is a great one...Good luck and just remember drinking may make it feel better for a VERY short period of time but will ultimately make you feel worse for much longer. IWNDWYT!
Yes. I am preparing for my sister's. I have the clarity to confront amend and spend quality time talking in a way saying goodbye. It is very sad but comforting at the same time. I am with you today and willnnot drink with you. Big hug.
I second the suggestion of therapy. I've been going for a few years now. ..I cannot imagine what you are going through and I'm so sorry about your brother. You are so strong to keep sober during this time which is actually a great way to honor his time he has left by being completely present for it. ..The things we have to go through in this life sometimes leave me utterly baffled. I just keep thinking to myself that it all has to all mean something at the end of the day. I think it does. 
