-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81oez2/50_days_sober_fiddy_my_experience_at_that/

yesterday was week 7 today 50. I've been a regular drinker since the late highschool days finally hitting a low point at 30. what use to be fun and relaxing became a necessity to get through the day it was a demon in me that when unleashed...well we all have stories or it wouldn't be a problem right..anyway I've been coming here daily lately the posts are inspiring and informative. I really like the ones where people say what has changed since x days so here's mine..- I dont have a double chin anymore. My face isn't puffy there aren't bags under my eyes this weird skin condition that developed on my back has gone away....it was like really bad eczema or something? Pretty excited my white t's won't have blood on them from a scratched up back. Wish I could blame the dermatologist for not solving that one but then again I definitely didn't tell him I drank 15-30 mini liquor bottles a day....- I understand my drinking problem a lot better. I think I knew I had a problem  but with some sober time under my belt I definitely fucking know I had/have a problem with alcohol. The people who surrounded me when I finally hit 'bottom' were with me along for the ride so it didn't seem much like a problem 'cos everyone was drinking to excess and getting caned. We laughed cause our friend put tequila in his coffee. Replaying these episodes in my head what was I thinking?.-Which leads me to my next...guilt. Shame. More guilt. I feel so bad for how I treated the people that loved me the most. I didn't get kicked out of bars or DWIs never lost a job. My bottom was getting thrown out of peoples lives...people that I loved. The fact that I chose shitty beer and shitty whiskey (dive bar cheap drinker kinda grl) &gt; people with hearts and souls and love. My behavior...guilt weighs heavy on me. Sometimes it even feels palpable..-....but not all the time. I also feel pretty darn good that I finally am taking the steps to atone for the past.  I can't change what I have done  but I don't have to be that person again and I owe it to not only those who I did wrong but to the world to show up the best I can. .-To show up the best I can to the world?? What is this Mr Rogers? I attend AA everyday. And I say these things I would have never said and I've found a lot of good in the program it's 100% what has gotten me to where I am led me to several realizations. That's not to say I don't have reservations about the program but they also have this saying thats like take what you like and leave the rest at the door. They have a ton of fucking sayings**side note I told my friend who is struggling w addiction as well 'just do the next right thing' and he told me I sound just like them and I've joined the cult...this made me laugh**.-I truly understand what actual anxiety feels like. I numbed it out so often that if it wasn't there it was there because I was hungover my brain was depleted and I at least knew that much. Sober anxiety is something else it's different. A lot of people write about feeling feelings again. Real talk..-My problems are still there just for different reasons. I couldn't find my wallet the other morning and I laughed to myself cause I knew it wasn't cause I was drunk over the weekend but cause I suck at using a purse. I extra laughed that I even had this small realization that actually meant a lot to me...Not an exhaustive list but it's my addition to what's out there. Seriously reading ya'lls posts when you share experiences it's so helpful.  No matter if you have 1 day or if you have like...lots more than 1 day someone is there with you. ..You all rule.
----------immediate responses--------

tite I obviously need formatting help. cheers yall!
Huh I had somthing simular happen to my back. Like hives kind of. And omg my face. Use to throw up and get red bumps on my face and always swollen always circles that shit pure poison so congrats to both of us looking better :) Its such a huge confidence booster for me. We are deserving to be beautiful again...Yeah the guilt the shame its still fucks with me too. Im trying to be gentle with myself and do the best to forgive myself. But at the same time I use those emotions as a reminder of what I did. I dont want to ever let my gaurd down or become complacent. Relapse is no longer an option for me. Somone posted somthing the other day that really hit home with me "The best apology is changed behavior" Be the person that Mr Rodgers would be proud of :)
If I could've written something after 50 that would've been it.  Beautiful!  I relapsed but I'm starting over.  Only difference is I'm a male.  I lose wallets instead of handbags guilt is overwhelming which is why I relapsed I'm sure.  I'm learning to be alone as I may have permanently destroyed my relationship with awful awful words I said drunk I never would've sober.  But like you said I don't have to be that person anymore.  AA is good for some and bad for some.  I get as much out of this thread as I do meetings.  I personally believe that we don't quit until we've lost enough or had enough.  I relapsed once reminded me what poison booze is and I don't miss it anymore I hate it now.  And I've never hated it before.  Thank you for this post and congratulations.  You fucking rock.
Congrats! And thank you for this. It really helps to read people's positive changes and success. Keep it up! I won't drink with you today!
I definitely searched for my keys for 15 Mina before I realized they were in my pocket... so yeah me too...Anyway congrats on 50 days and I'm right there with you. Our stories are even pretty similar...As for the shame and guilt there's a quote I like that says  the windshield is bigger than the rear view mirror for a reason .Another one I like is   don't look back unless you're planning on going that way .Keep fighting the good fight!.
Congratulations on your 50 days and having the strength to dig deep into your beautiful journey.  I'm glad you are here thanks for this post I really enjoyed reading it!      I'm especially happy I won't be drinking with you today 
