-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81sygk/every_time_i_try_to_stay_sober_for_a_few_days_i/

Over the Christmas break I went 4 days sober (!!! was so proud) then I got super smashed kidnapped an animal got arrested for being drunk and disorderly. Then I continued to fuck up over the last 2.5 months and had my door kicked down by the cops recently because I'd wanted to kill myself lost my job lost all my personal relationships took my self-harming to a whole new level (deeper cuts burning..)...Before that I was put on medication and I had a bad reaction to it within 24 hours (seizures and extreme migraine). I had to be off work for 3 days...Before that I was sober for 4 days and then got so drunk I hit someone...Many times before that I've ended up with the cops or been sectioned (for Americans: that's the UK's version of the Baker Act)...I really don't want to drink anymore but at the same time I know that stopping drinking always results in something bad happening. I can't get arrested again before January 2020 or I'll be charged (previously just got  90 fines) then my career is even more screwed...So now I'm at home alone not a single person left in my life to talk to wrists cut up unable to sleep for weeks due to nightmares doctor is at a loss of what to do local mental health team are being useless and.... WTF can I do now? I've lost all hope and going to start drinking again after posting this (but I'll respect the subreddit's rules and only post/comment when sober)...How have you got out of this situation knowing that you'll relapse within days of going sober and make everything much worse?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're hurting today. So you are noticing that after a few days sober you end up on a pretty wild binge yes? That's the idea? I can see how it seems like those things happen as a result of sobriety but they actually happen when drinking right? I just don't want to misunderstand. 
Is hospitalization an option? A week two weeks a month completely out of the environment you're in now and with some kind of stability in things day to day and be a big help in getting started...Perhaps talk to your doctor. Just be honest and explain you want help.
I think you have already done the most important thing   recognizing that as your pattern. Once I saw that I had to really carefully plan my days like down to the minute so that I couldn't get my hands on a drink. That was hard and I needed lots of support and also needed to get out of my comfort zone. I attended recovery meetings at a local Buddhist center during the problem hours. I took a painting class. I volunteered at a therapy horse stable. I just stayed busy and I spent tons and tons and tons of time here...Meetings do have lots of support. And people who understand... same as on this sub. 
I can relate to many things you say. I had to stay in a police cel once for being disorderly have ruined nights for my friends police has been at my door several times for playing music too loud and I've been institutionalized in a mental health facility twice. ..I have been abusing alcohol since I was 18 years old (I am 34 now) and I have tried to stay sober many many many times. The longest I have lasted in the last 7 years is 3 or 4 days...I am only at a few days now but this time it feels different. Nothing bad happened that inspired this kazillionth time I try to stay sober; it is just that I realized that alcohol truly does nothing good for me. Nothing. It only creates more problems and makes me feel like total shit particularly mentally. I didn't really let that realization sink in before. I knew but I didn't want to know. ..I crave for an easy fix to help me deal with anxiety depression stress suicidal feelings shame guilt mourning and I always reached out to alcohol to do that for me. Even though I knew better. It just .... doesn't work. Nothing is going to solve my problems and fears for me. I have to that myself. I have to stop hiding and I simply cannot drink alcohol. It will kill me. I am absolutely certain that one day I will kill myself when abusing alcohol or the days after the abuse. And I don't want that. ..So that is why I stay sober. Alcohol is not a possibility for me.
You are a mess. You sound just like the kind af people that benefits the most from AA. Go to a meeting say how you feel ask questions see if you can stand the religious bollocks. What harm can it do?.You are not getting through this by yourself not gonna happen. You tried that many times why would the next time be any different?.Try this: Every day ask yourself do you want to drink today? Not for a month or four days or even tomorrow just for today. Do you want to drink today?
