-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81xmga/today_will_be_hard_at_a_celebration_of_life_for_a/

Back story: I worked at a bar in a small town throughout my summers while in undergrad. When I graduated and didn't have a real job lined up they let me bartend there full time. I was a 23 year old female at the time. ..There I met Dan. He was 68 years old and he soon became one of my best friends. Dan was at the bar everyday but was not an alcoholic. He was lonely and loved the company of the regulars.  Hed be there for 5 hours and have 2 maybe 3 bud lights. Regardless he was there everyday!  I grew to love that man like a strong male figure in my life. After I left the bar to further my career Id still go down to see him often. ..I was in a rut but looked okay on the outside. I was drinking 12 cans of PBR a day or go on whiskey binges while successfully putting myself through graduate school. If I could 4.0 courses in Biostatistics while drinking so much I was fine right?  I graduated and he was so proud even knowing my internal struggle. He'd always  say "Jardine I think youve had enough." But what did some old man know?..2 weeks ago I decided to become sober for real not just "take a break." That always proved to just lower my tolerence and when Id drink 12 pbrs the following month id wreak myself. ..Dan was proud of me everytime I quit.  And he past away 1 week ago today. Damn Ill miss that man more than I will miss my actual grandpa when he passes you fall in love when you see somone everyday.  Thus far Inhave not been tempted to drink. ..Today they are having a Celebration of life down at my old bar for him and everyone is doing a cheers of Canadian Club. He recently switched his beverage choice which was also my choice of whiskey. ..Today will be hard not to take that shot. Probably harder than any other day I will face in the future. If I can make it today I can make it through the summer. ..As I struggle internally for the next few hours I wanted to make a commitment to myself in front of others that I will not drink today. ..I hope hed be proud of my choice rather than think I am not celebrating his life that I cherished so much...First time post I hope I did it right...Edit: A word
----------immediate responses--------

You can do this. He would be proud of your strength. 
He will be very happy when he sees you *not* take that shot Jardine.  .I will not drink with you today  
I'm sorry for your loss. Just remember what he has said to you before: "Jardine I think you've had enough". I don't think he would want you to participate in that shot IMHO. Best wishes
"Jardine I think you've had enough."..There doesn't seem to be any greater tribute you could make than to honor his wish and faith in you. :-)
Doesn't matter if you cheers with whiskey or water. He will still be that amazing wonderful mentor in your life. That won't change because of a shot of alcohol. Sorry for your loss. 
I am sorry for your loss. Just reading your story brings back thoughts of a dear friend I lost about 10 years ago.Sometimes we meet people and there is just this immediate deep connection. It sounds to me like he would be very proud if you toasted to his life with a soda water.I will not drink with you today.
you sure did... way to be the person he would want you to be... I will not drink with you today.. and he will always be with you.
I'm so sorry you're hurting.
I agree that the best way to honor his memory is to not have that shot.  iwndwyt.  
I'm sorry for your loss. I knows he's looking down smiling at you knowing you're taking care of yourself and bettering yourself. He will live on through you. I will not drink with you today. 
Im sorry about your dear friend. I think you need to stay sober for your friend if not for  yourself. There is nothing good for you drinking like that all the time. 
rip Dan
He would love to see you not drink today at his celebration of life. You will be celebrating him best by not drinking which of course you already know. Just focus on that at his celebration.  Also every time I am at a function where it will be hard not to drink I remind myself of this quote I read in SD "Never drink when you are sober."  Here's to that wonderful man in your life and to not drinking.  IWNDWYT.
Xxx
