-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81yflo/coming_up_on_10_months_feel_great_overall_but/

AA helped me a lot to get started with a sober life and to stay sober but it's been confusing for me last few months. I'm getting closer to my family getting better at my job got out of debt only have a few hundred dollars to pay of my probation feel a lot healthier and happier. I started out going to meetings 3-4x a week in my first 90 days then it became 2-3x over the next 3 months then 1-2x over the next three months now it's 0-1x week. This has happened naturally as I've filled up my life with more constructive activities with more work with more family time. ..I don't know where else to go with this situation. I can't talk to anyone in AA about it they just say 'this is not good'. I'm not anti-AA but I'm honestly not sure if people stay sober or not after moving on from AA. We never hear about those stories only the ones that 'fucked up again' and came back to AA...
----------immediate responses--------

This is a tricky question!  I think the only solid answer is **be completely honest with yourself no matter what**..     I will not drink with you today 
For me it is a recipe for relapse...Mostly because it means that I've stopped doing other things for self care but also because I've stopped developing my sober support network...My longest time sober was ~7mos and I followed a similar pattern as you. I ultimately relapsed because when I was in a position where I needed some sort of sober outlet it wasn't there because I was neither developing nor maintaining it...I was also working the steps and became extremely frustrated that after that period of sobriety I still seemed to be the same selfish SoB that I was while using. 
You need to bring it up in AA it's common to drift/want to drift away as life gets good. That's my biggest fear. I didn't get to where I am now in life with my thinking my thinking got me in the seats of AA...Not to say AA is for everyone but it did work for you why leave now? 10 months is some solid time!..I was around 10-12 months when AA started to get "stale" for me. I wasn't very involved/service work but I took it upon myself to get active and THATS when the program starts to shine again after the pink cloud has passed.
Everyone is different...Here's what keeps me living an *Unimpaired Life*:..I am connected to sober people; I focus on others rather than self; I notice my emotions especially any *contention* in myself or my environment; I have tools and support to eliminate the contention; I attend to my disciplines and aspire to my intentions; and I have Gratitude...When I do those things I am what someone in AA would deem  spiritually healthy .  If I do that without meetings that's about as goos as it gets for me...What's your checklist?
I would say it's only a recipe for relapse if you want it to be. You're the one who has gotten themselves sober. You're the only one who can keep it that way. Best Wishes IWNDWYT
Did you thoroughly and rigorously work the steps or did you just go to AA meetings?  I found I didn't need meetings asocten after I completed the steps. 
