-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81ymw6/stopping_today_finally/

Today I'm finally going to stop drinking. I want to post here to hold myself accountable for this and to make it a concrete commitment. I've spent the past five years trying and failing to moderate my drinking imposing rules that I find some reason to break two weeks in. I already spent half of today thinking up exceptions in which I could drink- like maybe it'd be ok if I only have a drink or two at home with dinner- but if I don't stop completely I think I will find a reason to drink elsewhere too...I don't drink every day but I drink several times a week and I often struggle to stay within the recommended daily/weekly limits. Most of the time I can enjoy a couple of beers with a dinner and make myself stop. I think that's why it's taken me so long to realise I can't count on myself to drink in moderation- because often I can. But 5% of the time I go so far overboard I get so sad and angry and I act nothing like myself. Last night was one of those nights and I'm so ashamed of how I acted. I don't remember much of the later part of the night but during this blackout apparently I started a big fight with my boyfriend and said some horrible things to him. A lot of people say that drunk words are sober thoughts but I have no idea where these things came from in me. I love this guy so so much all I ever want to do is make him happy. It's killing me to see him hurt and to know that I'm the reason is awful. These blackout vomit binge nights happen every few months and each time I tell myself it's the last time...I've tried to cut down in so many ways before and to an extent I've succeed. I cut down the average amount I've been drinking each week a lot but I think that as long as I drink a bit I will have these nights and the next mornings wondering what I said and did  and how I got home. After the last one I decided not to have more than 3 drinks in a night and that worked really well for the last three months until this weekend. We had big plans with some friends and from the first beer I just couldn't stop myself from drinking more and more. I'm done. I'm never risking hurting the people I love again and I'm never putting myself in such a dangerous and embarrassing position again...So here's day 1!
----------immediate responses--------

It's nice to meet you I'm Fish and I want to say good for you!  You're doing something really great here. Once you've got more time under your belt that voice you here?  It won't be nearly as persuasive.  We just don't feed it what it wants... booze.  Glad to have you here new friend!    I will not drink with you today 
Welcome aboard!..Your story will be familiar to most of us here myself included.....I found [*This Naked Mind*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw/videos) really got me on the right track when I stopped drinking it's well worth a look!..Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Very similar pattern here. So far it has been much much easier to follow the brightline rule of 0 than 3 per night only on weekends certain number per week etc. Also giving it up hasn't been nearly as dreadful socially as I had thought it would be. Congrats on the decision.
