-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/81zf20/holy_crap_it_does_get_better_hoping_this_inspires/

Guys and girls this may get a little long but hopefully it'll be worth your time.  I've taken so much from this community but have given little back.  Last night was pure hell.  Like almost all night.  I've been drinking heavily for 20 years.  I won't bore you with details but I've lost just about everything to booze.  House family entire 401k wife another fianc e friends etc.  I was tired of reading 12 steps and success stories that weren't helping anymore that I was up till 5am researching the physiological effects of what this poison does to our minds and bodies.  I spent all night reading from This Naked Mind watching Joe Rogan inspiring videos reading the latest research on medications to treat alcoholism for those who struggle with sticking to traditional treatment methods like me.  I discovered what should've been obvious a long time ago.  Alcohol literally transforms our brains.  It changes us literally at least in some way into something that certainly isn't positive.  It takes time for our brains to heal for our bodies to recover for our moods to stabilize.  I just relapsed last week after a good stint of sobriety.  This time staying sober has been hell.  No tv no furniture no friends essentially family struggles and parents that are 6 hours away etc.  I've been left with nothing but my own thoughts.  Scary shit.  But for me necessary.  I now know that there is no other way to solid sobriety without walking through physical and mental hell.  But YOU WILL GET BETTER.  I awoke this morning or late morning I should say after falling asleep finally at 6am to a remarkable new reality.  I won't always feel this way.  There was an overwhelming sense of peace in that.  Like working out you have to tear down usually to build as we can't really renovate our lives.  Some maybe can but I can't.  And I've realized finally at 41 for the first time that I cannot drink.  Ever again.  And I don't want to.  Today I feel great!  Tomorrow I may feel like shit again and be posting about cravings but I've decide to segment my life into days and realize that this isn't a weakness necessarily.  You are not weak.  You weren't born this way.  A lot of us have literally rewired our neuropathic brains so that we can't even realize how physically sick we are as well.  I took great comfort in this knowing that I can seek therapy and AA and whatever works for me.  But I also realized that it's really true that you have to be good to yourself physically.  I'm rambling probably but the hell will subside.  I went back to drinking ironically because I felt so good.  How stupid is that!  Keep fighting.  Don't quit.  If you fall stand up again.  Few succeed the first time.  You will change.  You will get better.  Fight your ass off through the hell.  Live minute to minute if you have to knowing it's temporary.  Find what works for you no matter how many times you have to try.  I NEVER thought I'd be thankful for all of the above but you know what?  I won't freaking die alone.  I can truly enjoy nature for what it is.  I'll remember the movies I watched with my future girlfriend etc.  I hope this helps someone.  Even if it's just one person in a foreign country who I'll never meet.  You're all wonderful strangers.  Compassionate people who are helping me change my life.  Thank you.  I will not drink with you today.  Tomorrow I will tell you again I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

"I went back to drinking ironically because I felt so good." ..This is so true. I keep relapsing after 1-2 weeks because I start feeling great. Why do we do that!?! It makes zero sense. I'm a bit younger than you but I know in my heart that I need to do this 100%. I keep hanging out with the wrong crowd and it keeps pulling me in. I wont drink with you today. 
yes Yes and *YES* to this **all* Tomas. Your share was tragic then heartfelt then Inspiring. You have *clarity* and I see it in your post. We are here for eachother...I will not drink with y'all today 
Awesome post! I read This Naked Mind and I too was overcome with clarity.  It fades though! I think it's time for me to thumb through it again..I didn't lose as much as you did and it sometimes makes me feel guilty and inspired at the same time when I read these posts.  It makes me sick to my stomach to think of how much worse my life could could have gotten.  Thank you for sharing your story brother it helps make my resolve stronger than ever.
I **love** this post.  Keep going friend you're really in the game now!    .I will gladly not drink with you today 
Thank you it is inspiring to me!
Thank you for this. I made it 5 days. Got to start over again bc of last night. Your post gave me hope. 
Bless you - your post really spoke to my heart. This amazing community of people like yourself are the most powerful circle of love and kindness and compassion I have ever known. A circle that helps us all stay out of the abyss of alcohol and all the shit that lives down in those dark places that tempt us when things up here on the rolling plains of sobriety get tough or when the abyss looks more like a super-fun party we just want to be at again. Whether it's seeking pleasure or avoiding pain that is singing the siren song we are here for each other. ..Upwards and onwards one step at a time one drink we don't have at a time. May your day be blessed.. 
Thanks for the words of encouragement. 
I daily drank for over 25 years before quitting 196 days ago.  What you said right on man.   Good luck. .
Great read you're on great path now. Keep it up it does not only get easier it gets even better and that pretty neat :)
When I started to forget things or repeated myself even when sober that's when I realized this poison was literally altering my brain. I also drink when happy it's almost like I feel invincible. But then when I'm blubbering sobbing mess at the end of a bottle... I'm quickly reminded I am not at all. So here's to not drinking! 
thank you. we are all sailing in the swift currents of sobriety. we are all here waiting with life jackets.
Thank you so much for this. Truly. I need to hear this. I need to hear the people who don't feel better until 200+ days I need to hear the people who leap out of bed and hit the gym after 2 weeks I need to hear the people who relapse after 7 years I need to hear ALL THE STORIES. *Every* fucking one helps me and gives me perspective and shit to think about even if I don't immediately identify. ..And yours? Reminding me/us of the physical scientific truth of it? Helps me. This HELPS ME. Thank you u/ElTomas24. Thank you. &lt;3 
Thank you so much for taking the time to share. I needed this right now. Best wishes on your sober journey  
I am rooting for ya! I hope I feel like you do someday.
