-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/822hfl/pregnant_and_joining/

I had slowly moved from binge-drinking to more "moderate" drinking over the last year or so as I struggled with anxiety and motivation. I definitely had occasional bad nights at least once a month where I fell completely out of my one to two glasses per day maximum budget. ..I struggled with blackouts. I read half a dozen books on quitting drinking after they started two years ago because the mornings after were so terrifying. I'd quit for a few days and then I'd start trying to weigh the risks and hope for the best as I picked a drink back up. Lately it had worked out OK I guess - though maybe not because I blacked out mid-December. But I wasn't so worried anymore...Then I got pregnant. About a month ago on Super Bowl Sunday it was late and I was drunk from 5 drinks or so and took a pregnancy test. I couldn't read it very well though I thought what I saw was a super pale positive. The next morning I rechecked it and saw the faint second line. And the lines got darker from there...That night is the last time I had a drink. This is the longest streak I've had without alcohol since I was 20. Even when I tried to moderate I would have a few glasses of wine a week. ..I was incredibly excited at first. I thought I'd get sober and feel more energetic and focus on me and my pregnancy health. But I'm struggling with first-trimester exhaustion and fainting and life did not cut me slack once I conceived. My job assignments and my graduate school program don't care about my struggles and being sober has me hyper-aware of this fact. ..The one thing I had to help me let go at the end of a long day was wine but that wasn't and is not sustainable. One often meant two and on weekends it could go all night. But I can't continue that as a mother. I've regretfully been drunk and tipsy through so many meaningful moments of my life. I'm realizing that now and that maybe my problem was more severe than I let myself believe...So I'm here now. Surrendering to my addiction to alcohol and hoping it's worth something even with my situation. I don't feel comfortable attending AA in my small community but I will try to post and read here when I have evenings like right now where all I want is a glass of wine. I've followed this subreddit for a long time now am so grateful it exists and hope to learn and contribute what I can to help myself and others. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. We are glad that you're here. I wish you the best with grad school and life and...a new baby! I had a tough time first trimester with both of my babies as well. Your energy should come back second trimester so that's something to look forward to. I wish that I had recognized my addiction prior to my children being born. I regret the milestones that I have experienced tipsy or not experienced because of a hangover. Good luck to you!
You're in safe hands in this group. I've relapsed and have been welcomed back. All the best to you. 
Good on you for working so hard for yourself and your baby. I wish the best for you! This place has helped me a lot and I hope it works for you.
Great decision your mothering instincts will see you through! The cravings are physical but you have the strength of a lion protecting her cub. Keep checking in to SD for motivation and support. 
Welcome! I am only 40days in myself. I live in a town with over 100 AA meetings so I decided to give it a try. I was terrified of seeing people I know or former clients. It has really been helpful. I am agnostic so I struggle with the spiritual stuff but the reading materials and support have been great. I know you probably have enough reading in Grad school but if you can check out these books: A Woman's Guide Through 12 Steps AA Big Book Daily Reflections 24 Hours A Day and Living Sober. 
Hi Dorothy congratulations.  When I quit drinking I got involved in yoga.  It's been a wonderful tool in helping me reduce my anxiety and relax. The studio I go to offers classes for pregnant ladies.  Perhaps there is something like this where you live.  Best wishes and great job on the 28 days.
That's so good to hear. You're almost to day 30 which is the first hurdle! Take it one day at a time. I will not drink with you today but I will take vitamins with you! 
Can you move to a different neighbourhood? You'll be feeling extra protective and needing to feel safe pregnant and then with a baby and small child. Your husband may also be feeling especially protective but it seemed to affect him in a  different way to be on guard.
