-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/823g9o/the_pink_elephant/

Just made it home from a trip. Guy on the plane next to me: 4 Tito's at 8AM. I would have ordered the same thing a few weeks ago. Exactly the same thing. ..The bar across from my gate during the layover? A couple gave me the invitation nod to join them. Felt my face turn red as I smiled and shook my head  no .  I would have easily spent 40 bucks in 30 minutes. How did they even know? It was as if I had  thirsty dry drunk  on a  Hello my name is ...  sticker on my chest. ..Next flight: the relapse lawyer in my head pulled the  It doesn't count when you're in the air. It's like maritime law  argument. The captain announced they wouldn't be doing a beverage service on such a short flight. Relief. ..Drove a newly purchased vehicle home to Texas from Wisconsin. Two days of gas stations with booze booze and more booze. Stopped at a station in the middle of nowhere called The Pink Elephant that had a life-sized elephant statue outside. Tons of boozy gift sets and some cheap wine called  Trojan Horse.   That actually wasn't too tough to get through because it was all such an absurd clich . ..The toughest part is now at home alone with the ghosts of my former rituals. But that's all terribly clich  too. I feel like a big pink elephant clich . Maybe tomorrow will bring some nuance. 
----------immediate responses--------

For what it's worth the "maritime law argument" got a laugh out of me. Good job on getting through the trip.
Oh man. That's some temptation right there. That's so awesome that you didn't drink. I don't know if I would have been strong enough. That relapse lawyer "maritime law" argument would have been a very persuasive one for me indeed. Happy you didn't have to test it. Now I really wanna see this pick elephant!..
"Relapse lawyer" LOL. 
Hey yes made it through the trip and didn't drink! Kudos to you my friend! The victory is yours to claim. I will not drink with you today pink elephant or not.
If you made it through you can make it through hell and punch the devil right in his face.  This post is awesome in so many ways!  Great job!!!!
Actually never thought about how I will survive an airport forgot how much I spend there but that is a very funny story love it. 
Am stealing the term 'relapse lawyer '!  
Welcome home. Kudos to you and I dig your story telling skills. :)
Does anyone else feel like Gas Stations selling alcohol is highly contradictory? Kind of feels like the type of thing that should have never been allowed.
I binge drank 2 days ago and have been depressed ever since. Sober me is mostly happy and at peace. Hungover me is depressed and miserable. It's so not worth it. Sobriety is the fun part actually.
Great writing.
Next time I fly I'll be thinking of your Maritime law "it doesnt count" argument--also got a good laugh out of me.  Well done and thanks for sharing your story.
I've got a flight situation coming up soon and have some severe flight anxiety that I used to coax with $30 of drinks on a plane. I will remember your experience and skills that I have picked up along the way to just remember it's such a quick moment in time to give up so much more of my life...Very grateful to hear your story and excited to know you made it through without an issue. Congratulations on avoiding the lures!
Great storytelling - Felt like I was there with you. And can totally relate to so much of it. The airport drinking the "am I wearing a sign that says I'm thirsty for a drink?" The cliches everywhere you look and booze upon booze upon booze stores...Well done getting through that trip and even better that you have a **fabulous** sense of humor about it all! I know that humor is the main thing that pulls me through some days :)..I'm here not drinking with you today! xo
Dude you got this!!! Seriously. You'll get over the wanna-drink hump soon. 
Airports and Wisconsin. I can't think of two more frustrating places to be passing through as a recovering alcoholic. Great job on staying the course (and staying sane in the process ;) ).
but you did it. ..be proud. ..squid-a sure is! 
