-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/827r5i/day_2why_do_i_want_to_quit_drinking/

Hello beautiful inspiring people! This post is more of a reminder for myself but maybe someone else would be interesting in reading it as well...I'm a 27 year old woman. The couple people that I've told about my desire to quit drinking have been a bit puzzled. "You don't need to quit" and questions of "Why?" have been said a few times. Do I think I'm a full blown alcoholic? No. Do I drink every day? No. Do I get alcohol withdrawal symptoms? No. Have I hit rock bottom? No. Do I hide my drinking from others? No. I could go on...However what about the "yes" questions? Do I sometimes drink more than I want to/intend to? Yes. Do I feel crappy and guilty after drinking more than I told myself I would? A thousand times yes. Do I use alcohol to cope with anxiety and stress? Yep. Have I missed out on things due to being too drunk or hungover? You bet. Do I find myself drinking not because I want to but because of peer pressure or societal expectations? Yes. Have I tried to quit drinking before but not been able to make it past a few weeks? Yup!..So here I am. This past weekend I went to a wine tasting event and I told myself I was gonna watch what I drank. I was doing pretty well until my friends were suddenly in "party hard mode" and we started slamming wine and whiskey. I called my sister to come pick me up but then my friends wanted to go to the bars. I didn't want to miss out. I didn't want to be "no fun". So I CHOSE to go. I chose to drink more. I chose to drunkenly say some rude things to one of my closest friends. I chose to be a drunken mess in front of my younger siblings. Then I chose to go home way drunker than I had planned to be and spent the next morning hungover with my family (who I don't see nearly enough) before going home to waste the rest of the day on the couch alone feeling like crap...I don't drink like that super often. Often I will just have a glass of wine to unwind a few nights per week. I don't go and get wasted every weekend. But I would say about 1-2 times per month this sort of thing happens. I set out to drink only a set amount and end up drinking way more than I intended to only to feel awful about it and vow to not do it next time. A few weeks later it happens again. People tell me it's normal to overindulge sometimes. Maybe it is but I've decided its not something I want to do anymore. It's not worth the anxiety guilt and horrible hangover...So why else do I want to quit drinking?..- My dad is an alcoholic who has isolated himself from his entire family due to his selfish and destructive behavior. He is a horrible father and has been through 4 marriages. I don't want to end up like him...- My aunt is in her 50's and drinks almost every day. I would call her a functional alcoholic. She is always posting videos on Snapchat of her and her other 50-something year old friends at the bar on the weekends looking absolutely sloshed and hazy-eyed drunkenly singing to old 80's music. They all look foggy aged and just plain unhealthy...not a good look. I do NOT want to go down that path. ..- I work in healthcare and I see the devastating effects alcohol has on a lot of my patients. So many people struggle with addiction. I see patients in their 30s that have liver damage. The negative effects alcohol has on the human body is starting to give me an aversion to drinking. I want to take care of my body. I want to be healthy physically and mentally...There are more reasons I could list but basically I just find myself at times struggling to moderate my drinking even when I set out with good intentions. I also find myself reaching for glass of wine after a tough day at work. It is my biggest coping mechanism. I am currently reading "This Naked Mind" and love Alan Carr's theory of alcohol being like a pitcher plant. A slippery slope that anyone can fall down. I don't think I'm in the deadly pool at the bottom of that pitcher plant but I don't even want to slide towards it. So for that reason I'm quitting. ..Am I nervous and unsure? Absolutely. In my 20's almost every social event I go to involves alcohol. I host a lot of parties in my friend group as well. So I'm worried that people will start to think I'm lame and boring if I don't drink. But this is my life. And I want to take control and be the best version of myself...For those reasons I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY! 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I have a similar profile (minus gender and age!) and don't regret my choice to stop drinking at all..
I could have written almost all of this! 28F here with a very similar drinking profile. ..Good for you for questioning your habits and taking steps to improve your life. You deserve it! It's really easy to fall into habitual drinking although it takes so much more than it gives us. ..I went about 6 months alcohol free beginning last spring and I felt so good - clear-headed less shame and anxiety more energy. Then I moderated for a while before going back to a pattern much like you described in your post. I'm doing Annie Grace's 30 day Alcohol Experiment this time to provide some structure and accountability and to give myself some daily  homework  to keep in mind all the reasons for not drinking. If you like This Naked Mind then I recommend you check it out and see if you might want to try it. ..IWNDWYT! 
I'm with you!
This post and the comments already made speak to me so much so much of what you describe is me to a T. 
I don't think i've ever related to a post more in my life. i'm 25 I don't drink every day but I do drink most days and i drink a lot when I told my fianc  I was quitting drinking he kinda just looked puzzled like why would i do that. my friends and I are always drinking together in fact i'm not sure what we'll do now.. or what i'll do in social situations. but alcoholism runs in my family and I see the negative effects and I read about situations you've experience with early liver failure. I don't want to end up like that and i'm sure you're further in your journey now and i'm so proud of you! today is day one for me and hopefully many more days of sobriety to come but thank you so much for posting this because you made me realize i'm not alone and you don't have to lose your job or wake up and get drunk just to want to stop drinking.
