-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82bkio/5_years_sober_coming_up_need_help_showing/

TLDR: 5 year sober party vacation upcoming   how can I thank everyone?..Hello SD!..Wall of text:..I was on here quite a bit in 2013 when living in a sober house and going through withdrawals and PAWS from alcohol drugs and cigarettes. I quit cold turkey on 4/13/13 (on accident   started going into withdrawal psychosis and a week later ended up in IOP). ..My entire life has changed. I am the person I always wanted to be when I was using. Life isn't perfect but I would be dead otherwise. Jails institutions screwing up my life not doing right by people selling drugs doing some really crazy shit for drugs...now I have a little money saved I trust myself (this is big) my mind is clear and I work hard to be smarter every day I somehow got another chance with a guy I dated years ago and I am super in love I get to be around my sister and her kid in a big way and I advocate for sensible drug policy in the US. ..Even though they are self-made/self-published I've written a short book of poems about drugs and the anxieties of recovery that's already sold out on Amazon once and recorded some music on SoundCloud. I directed/produced/filmed/edited/and performed the music for a documentary about myself and another girl from my hometown getting clean. It's not winning any awards or anything but I think it's great and I'm so proud of it. There are so many other amazing things I've gotten to do in the past 5 years. I gained 125 lbs in early recovery and was in a magazine after I lost the 100 lbs. And so much more. ..There are a few dozen people that have been instrumental in my recovery. I want to honor them in a real way for my 5 years. ..10 of us are doing a long weekend in a house and going to a concert and comedy club in April. I want to do something for them and for the people who are celebrating remotely. ..Help me Reddit!..I was thinking of:..- writing each person a letter and possibly making them all into a book (just for these ppl probly not for sale).- writing a short book of essays about my 5 years and dedicating each one to one of them  (if you can't tell I'm a professional writer. This stuff comes fairly easy.).- Making a 5 year playlist/cd/mixtape for everyone......But what else? I want these people to know they're all uniquely wonderful and together and collectively have saved my life. I'm not in 12-step anymore so I can't honor them all at a meeting or something (and few of them are in recovery themselves)...What can I do? I want them to feel as celebrated as possible. Thank you for your help!! ..For those struggling with drinking or other substances it's worth it. Keep fighting. Life is so hard but so short and it's worth it to live every moment.  
----------immediate responses--------

   u   ...You don't need to do shit except keep doing you. I'm immensely proud of you always.
If you have a picture of just you and each one of them individually you could get it printed and framed maybe a fun frame with memories all around it or a quote that has meaning to the two of you or something. If you don't have lots of pictures with them do the same but with a group photo. You could write a personalized thanks on the back of each one. 
Playlist sounds epic!  .Congratulations on 5 years of getting your life back!   
