-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82c1zz/exactly_one_week_from_my_6_months_and_really/

I am really white knuckling tonight.  Workplace stress has me totally fuckin freaked and all I wanna do is get drunk and forget everything for a while. I'm so uncomfortable and struggling so badly.  I have no idea what to do to get through this night.  I am hurting so bad and I don't have good coping mechanisms in place.  I feel physically ill.
----------immediate responses--------

Go outside and get some fresh air. You came here and wrote this and didn't get drunk- so you have that- it may not be much but it's a start. I'm around 8 months and it definitely gets easier. Hang in there. Iwndwytd 
I recently ended a month long time of sober living. I would love so very much to get that sober run back or to have 6 months free from drink as you do. I hope you play the tape forward or find some activity to let these cravings pass. Best of luck. I will be happy to not drink with you today.
[removed]
If you are stressed now just imagine the stress when you are hungover hurting and still have all that work to do. ..You will not be able to drink your work and responsibilities away. ..Find a more productive way to release and remember that not drinking is the healthy choice. It is the correct choice. 
Maybe you ate something and it made you sick? I write a list of everything I did when I feel sick. Helps clear my head and the refrigerator.
You can do it! We've got about the exact same amount of time invested in this. You'll only feel much worse if you give in and have to start back over. Think of whatever time you can remember being the sickest you ever felt in your life and imagine that taking a drink now will make you feel just like that only worse. ..If you like music find some that you really like and crank it up and just lay back with your eyes closed and zone out. Or maybe find some nature soundtracks on YouTube or there's plenty of free apps too that have them. Whatever it takes for you to distract yourself and relax to get your mind elsewhere do that. ..I'm hanging in here with you! Let's keep going just today.
When i had some thoughts of drinking at about six months i reached out to my longtime sober friend and we met for coffee. It helped a lot and i did not drink and the desire to drink went away. 
Go for a run and then treat yourself yo some ice cream and a good movie. You'll love yourself in the morning. You've got this. Fuck booze.
You. Got. This. If you feel ill now just WAIT til tomorrow if you drink. Stop breathe and think about what will happen from first sip to the end of the night. Think about it. ..You can do this you can. Sending strength. &lt;3 
Whatever you're going through will only be worse if you drink. Try and find something to occupy you or call a friend. You got this!
You've got some decent time...so I know you have some coping skills. What has worked to help when you are really struggling in the past? 
Hang in there!
I have to tell you that for me around month six i went crazy for a while aswell..but now i'm starting to experience genuine changes in mindset. Keep it up it WILL pay off..
I have a few days only and it sucks so bad. Ride the wave and get through. You can do this!
