-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82dmtb/about_to_lose_the_love_of_my_life_because_of/

I've been with my boyfriend for almost 11 months. We get along so well and I'm sure he's my soulmate. He's my best friend and the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. He has helped me so much he has seen me relapse so many times but this one was too much. I kissed someone that night and he feels betrayed. Now he needs space. I encouraged him to take it because I think it will benefit both of us but I'm so scared to be without him. .I feel so bad for ruining the great relationship we had for triggering his PTSD by using again and just for being who I am. ..I've been sober for 10 days and I want it to last forever. I want him to trust me again. Any advice/support is welcome. 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone is different but this has happened to me - but I was on the other end of it (being cheated on). I think it's good that you are giving him space but when you do reach out - don't blame the alcohol let him know that you are stopping drinking for good show him your plan: Therapy meetings new activities. Also let him know how much you care for him and you will find the deep rooted issues that caused you to cheat and you will be open and honest from here on out. 
My advice: live sleep and breathe the change you want right now.  My marriage was at one point almost very nearly ended by my drinking and I felt pretty bad and honestly wasn't too hopeful for a bit that it would last.  The only thing I could do was not pick up those first drinks.  Thankfully I have an amazing wife who I got very lucky to have who let me stick around her long enough to this point to show her I can change.  As long as you're still together at the moment there is hope.
Glad you're here!..I needed support and connection to get sober and stay sober...Found it at meetings.
Update: I am now 16 days sober and even though it's extremely difficult I think I can actually do it this time. Things have gotten better with my partner and I'm hopeful. 
