-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82ed4j/30_days_from_a_serial_23_day_relapser/

Lost weight check..Healthy bowel movements check..Psoriasis cleared check..Sleep properly check..What worked for me this time is I dont just quit drinking. I began making a life in which alcohol isnt conducive or needed. See you in another 30 SD have a good day.
----------immediate responses--------

Great news! Great change in thinking. Well done :-) to another 30!
Awesome username. I will not be drinking with you today in celebration of your accomplishments.
Good stuff! IWNDWYT
Thats awesome. What specifically did you do? I found getting more excersize really helped me start to pay attention to my health of which alcohol has no part.
Congratulations! I'm at day 3 sleeping better head seems more clear.  Keep it up!!
Go you!  See you in 30 days!
Congrats! I'm right behind you. I've totally changed everything about my life and daily habits and am experiencing success for the first time ever--and I'm 53 and have found many ways that simply didn't work for me. Unfortunately my shits are still shit so I can't blame my IBS on alcohol like I was hoping. Lack of insurance is keeping me from a doctor but I'm going to have to figure out something soon. But hell everything else is good and even my stomach hell was far far more hellish when I was drinking vodka by the bottle. I won't drink with you today.
Love    
That's amazing sober-twin.  I bet you're looking (and feeling) great. :)
Good job! That's awesome! Thanks for posting.
IWNDWYT!  Congrats!
Congratulations! Soooo glad to hear you are building yourself a life worth living. Well done!..IWNDWYT :)
Congrats!  I'm experiencing similar things at 2 weeks.  I walk my dog sooooo much now... and do lots of push ups... waiting until day 30 before I commit to a gym membership.  IWNDWYT!
Conrats you got momentum now! IWNDWYT 
This inspires me. I have been stuck in a continual cycle of a couple of clean days and then relapsing again. I'm determined that I will break this cycle. Congratulations on your sobriety - long may it continue 
Healthy bowel movements. . I WILL NOT DIARIHAA WITH YOU TODAY
Congratulations my friend! I will not drink with you today!! I am also thankful for my healthy bowel movements ;) so I'll celebrate that with you today too!!
Alcohol can cause psoriasis?
I needed this today. Thanks for sharing
Thank-you. From another 2-3 day relapser for over a year trying I really needed to read this today. You are my inspiration for resetting my badge and trying again. I hope I can write you on weds. April 4th and say I got my thirty days. And you will have sixty!! Iwdwyt
I too have psoriasis and it has gotten MUCH better since I quit booze.  Who knew?
THIS IS AMAZING! Congratulations on a massive massive achievement :))) ..Long may your sobriety continue! IWNDWYT 
That's so awesome! Congrats on one whole month! I'm a 2-3 day relapser too. Im at the 3 day mark now...At this point one week would be a huge accomplishment lol.
congrats :) i am teh same relapser -  cannot believe i have made it this far this time but i am here with you!!!!
Well done !!  We have an alcoholic family friend who is covered in Psoriasis what appears to be from head to toe it's really shocking to see. I want to help her stop drinking if I can...
I'm just like you and I'm almost there! Keep on keepin on and IWNDWYT!
Don't need to go LCHF and therefore be keto.  If it is gluten or some type of complex carb that is causing the IBS you could still be moderate fat and higher carb just not grainy carbs.
*and a shit without blood!*.-me
Congrats! Checking in and reading others stories really does work...IWNDWYT!
Ah solid poops and no acid re-flux. Life be good!
Congrats on 30 days! 
Nice
This inspires me as a serial relapser.
And that life includes?
I did not see AA meeting to check
CONGRATS. wish i was there but im on the other side. dont come back. stay sober
congrats!
Well done!
Omg my psoriasis cleared too!! The weirdest thing is I haven't had any show up for 5+ years until now. Stop drinking and boom probably never going to see it again if I keep this up. #fuckroughskin!
