-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82gfmc/no_honeymoon_phase_instant_complacency_bleh/

I made it 400-something days going to meetings a lot in my first half of that then rushing into a cohabitation relationship and putting my recovery on the back burner. I felt fine seldom if ever consciously tempted to drink but used my need for recovery and space as an excuse to back out of the cohabitation and the relationship which in reality I simply realized wasn't what I wanted. And there was truth to the need for space and autonomy. But I digress...I wound up relapsing last December for a couple of weeks. Built this complex structure of rules like "no drinking alone weekends only no work-nights drinking curfew at midnight" etc etc. I can't believe I actually thought I had figured out moderation that I had tricked myself into legitimately believing I was some magical exception who had FINALLY figured "it" out. What a jackass..I was breaking every rule by like day 4...So anyway I've been back on the wagon for over two months now and there has been no honeymoon. All I got was the reset badge and a reminder that I'm a shitty person when I'm drinking and that my awful reaction to alcohol is something I will have to live with until the day I die and I cannot put alcohol in my body under any circumstances..I guess I'm just venting and checking in kinda. I don't know. I have some shit I need to work on but I'm here and I'm clear headed and that's something. .
----------immediate responses--------

hey... *hugs*..you are not a shitty person. we are ALL works in progress. we ALL have shit we need to work on. if anyone tells you they have it all figured out they're either blatantly lying or completely oblivious. even though you slipped up today is a new day. every day is a fresh start. i know that sounds cliche but telling myself that has actually helped me a lot. it's never too late to change...be kind to yourself. i will not drink with you today &lt;3
Well damn 400+ days is a massive accomplishment! Ok you fell back down the slope for a bit... but here you are again and after reading your post it sounds like you've learned a lot from it. That's the best you can expect from yourself when you've had a slip up. Hold your head high and keep up the great work now that you're back on track you can do this!
I like to think about the word recovery:  recover so.Getting back our mind energy appreciation and joy we lost getting back to basics... getting control over our self getting back the opportunity to make our life mean something truly deeply  worthwhile again... there's so much more too.  I'm not perfect nope but I feel like the chances I'm taking out there are more valid somehow these days.  Like approaching my stuff from the angle of being completely stone cold sober adds deeper meaning and extra value that it just didn't possess before.     .I like this new life.  I will not drink with you today : )
Thank you for sharing. It serves as a caution for some people like me who might one day think they can drink again. Good luck to you and thanks again!
Welcome back. And wow 400 something days is HUGE. You don't just lose that it doesn't just disappear. I live in a lot of fear of "the relapse" as this is my very first time stopping drinking. I mean the odds are completely and utterly stacked against me right? But all I can do is not do it today. So I won't. ..Really glad you're here. Hugs. 
I don't think a couple weeks erases the accomplishment of not drinking for 400+ days!  It's not a failure and I don't believe it makes you a shitty person.  I thank you for posting your experience because it helps people like me who have a long road ahead and may think that sometime down the road we can drink moderately.  Stay strong!  I wish you the best.
Glad you are back.  I give you a lot of credit for getting back on the wagon so quickly.  It takes a lot of strength and courage to put the bottle back down.  I was sober for 5 years and thought I could  moderate . 28 years later I got back on the wagon.  I'm buckled in this time! Be kind to yourself.  Stay mindful and keep your recovery on the front burner :)
Gently but fearlessly!   
I totally get it. I'm on my 2nd attempt as well and it's far less shiny and exciting than the first.  IWNDWYT. 
That's a BIG something! It sucks thinking of the foreverness of this thing. I am still early on and when I read and hear all these relapse stories...there is a part of me that hears it as permission to pick up and get a second chance. Then I really listen. To the disappointment to the just shit feeling it is and TRY to learn. I am certain I am one drink from my first dui/owi ..... Congrats on being back. Glad you are here. 
