-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82i5an/i_was_kind_of_drunk_most_of_the_time_and_i_was/

I've struggled to moderate my drinking for years. I failed every single time...Now that I've been sober for a month I'm reflecting on my behavior and recognizing how many times I hurt people or let them down while I was A. drunk or B. recovering from a hangover. Examples? Saying really hurtful things during conflicts with friends significant others and even family. Starting fights with significant others and behaving in a truly hurtful way during the process. Avoiding responsibilities thinking of myself before others etc. etc. - there's a laundry list of cruel self-centered actions. These things became behavioral patterns - part of who I am. Alcohol of course helped me numb the guilt regret and empathy I felt for those I hurt or let down. ..I truly care about people and I genuinely don't want to hurt anyone. Unfortunately I'm accepting that my intentions don't matter when they align so poorly with my actions. Furthermore alcohol isn't responsible for any of my actions over the past few years - I am. So now I'm deeply sad on behalf of the people I've hurt or let down super guilty and feeling like a terrible human being. ..Again I don't have an ask for this post; I just needed a place to vent. I've been considering an in person support group and I think that kind of setting might be helpful for working through this sort of thing! I'm glad I'm not drinking anymore and can finally work towards taking accountability for my actions. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Working the steps in AA helped me deal with the past and mend several damaged relationships. 
I've been there. I don't know your particular circumstance but man don't let it eat you up. Keep moving forward. Just keep moving forward...Make amends as you can but it's the future that's your life now.
\o/ accountability!!! ..I believe that one reason it feels so great to be sober is we can be present and 100% accountable every single hour of every single day and that is a very safe space to create not only for us but for everyone else we deal with also.  It's a Very Good Thing I'm glad you brought it up!  Thanks    
