-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82nybu/my_husband_wants_to_talk_tonight_not_sure_im/

So far my two weeks have been my own private victory. I'm not sure I feel ready to let anyone else in on that. I'm afraid it's just going to kick off my normal cycle of not living up to others' expectations which is a short trip to  Fuck it. Might as well drink. ..I know that's not rational. Just like I know that I was going to have to loop in my husband at one point. But I'm really anxious about it. ..I have a hard enough time accepting my flawed self in private. Revealing my worst to others is terrifying. ..Anyone else been here? I read all these posts about supportive partners and I am happy for you. But our marriage has been a struggle. And I'm afraid he's going to use this as leverage against me. ..Ugh. Breathe. .
----------immediate responses--------

Truth is powerful.  If you want to be sober with let him know and ask his help.  My SO has been super supportive.  I hope it works out and if it doesn't you still don't have to drink.  Alcohol will just make whatever the situation is worse.  Stay strong because you can. IWNDWYT.
So to me that doesn't sound like it's a supportive relationship. That could make it difficult to not drink. Good luck. 
My SO undermines me a lot. Maybe you could just say I don't want to talk about it and hold firm? I am leaving my relationship with my SO because he doesn't feel supportive to me. He even says things and picks on me when I am crying.  I lean on my ex-husband who with all his issues still feels way more supportive then my soon to be ex.
You've got this. This is my 50th attempt at stopping but this time it will be different. I finally said directly to my wife verbatim: "I have a problem and I can't beat it on my own. I know that I'm the only one that can make myself drink but I need you to support me."..I felt immediate relief. The only guilt I felt was that I ever doubted she'd be anything but supportive. She hugged me kissed me and has been incredible about it. She looked relieved too...I bet your husband loves you so much that you'll be met with love and support. If not you have an army of people here that will be. You've got this!
I can't speak to your marriage but I cannot imagine a scenario where a good and healthy partner would object to or use sobriety against you in any way...Telling people has been hard for me (because of my ego) but the vast vast majority have ranged from super supportive to "cool that does not impact me in any way."  ..A few (including some of my groomsmen) have been weird as hell about it but I am realizing that their reaction says a lot more about them than it does about me... I mean I intellectually realize that my shame tapes still have a field day with their reactions sometimes.  Not going to drink over it though.
Good luck! Just hit 2 weeks here myself. I've found a bit of hot tea in hand helps me stay calm. I've shared struggles with my wife and it was scary but you can do it. Breathe is right. You got this. IWNDWYT
I just hit 90 days yesterday and my husband and I have not yet really talked about my sobriety. I briefly told him when he finally said something that it was giving me stomach trouble and he just nodded and we have not talked about it again. He has never pressed me to drink when he has his nightly cocktail at happy hour or beers or wine with dinner. This might not be the way other couples would handle it but it seems to be OK for me. I get plenty of support here on SD and so far so good. 
I finally talked to my wife about it 3 weeks ago. She has been incredibly supportive. It was still painful to admit but being "out" has been critical because she can help me now. No alcohol in the house she picks up La Croix for me every time she goes to the store she encourages me to buy fancy teas on Amazon (even the most expensive tea is still cheaper than the cheapest scotch I used to drink and it lasts a hell of a lot longer) and so much more...But if you don't feel like you can talk to your husband confide in a close friend first. One of my old drinking buddies has been surprisingly supportive. He didn't give me any flak for quitting and has been awesome about suggesting dry places to hang out and new ideas for stuff to do when we hang out.
My sobriety is not something I advertise because of the shame I feel for not being able to control my drinking. But deciding not to drink is taking control back. .If you don't want to tell him yet then try to communicate that to him. But if you do decide to tell him you'll be revealing your best not your worst.  .IWNDWYT best of luck! 
I feel like you know best... it's not cool but some of us who have dealt with off-kilter family dynamics can understand where you're coming from.  If you feel like keeping this to yourself because that's where it's the safest don't feel weird about it.  I'm doing it with my sobriety with my family.  If you speak about your power to some people they will only do their damndest to destroy it.  We know.  You know.  That's plenty     courage there's great things coming if we hold on and do the work : ).I will gladly not drink with you today 
I'm not in a position to give advice about sobriety as today will be the first day in a long long time that I will not drink...But last night drunk enough to wallow in self-pity but lucid enough to know what had to be done I asked my wife to get rid of all the alcohol in the house.  I told her that I promise myself every night while lying awake half hungover that I will not drink any more.  But then I do.  I'm hoping that coming clean to her about my struggle to stop will make me responsible to someone else- even though I'm doing it for me.  Just hearing myself say it out loud gave me a feeling of strength I don't normally feel...I wish you luck.
I was kind of secretive about quitting when I first did. My SO started asking questions after a week or two you know stuff along the lines of "So how long do you plan on doing this?" At first I was hesitant just kind of said "I don't know" and changed the subject. ..It took quite a long time before I was able to admit fully that I had a problem with alcohol and my plan was to quit for good. The admission both to myself *and* my SO. I have been lucky that my SO has been super supportive - I was sure in the beginning if that was going to be the case...You don't make it clear what your marriage problems are but I hope that quitting is actually going to make things better for you if that's what you want. Either way you'll be able to deal with what comes better with a clear head. IWNDWYT..
I so know how you feel. I have been married a long time and I know that my husband loves me but he also loves alcohol a lot and drinking is something we have always enjoyed together-too much. I have tried to quit so many times unsuccessfully. I am on day 3. Not looking foward to telling him on fri night. Let me know how your convo goes.
My wife has been my rock but that's not to say I am relying on her support to be successful.  It's helpful and a blessing but the way I see it I am doing this to be a better person for her.  I want her to be able to live her life in a way that she is happy and doesn't feel constrained by what I do.  I already put her thru that drinking.  Good luck and stay strong.  You can do it!  I wish you the best!
You and I are in a very similar boat. My SO definitely knows I haven't been drinking but I don't think he realizes I intend to remain sober for good. ..Part of my reason for not wanting to tell him is because I still feel sort of angry with him for the way our relationship was when my drinking was at its worst. I felt like he was always eyeing me watching me expressing disappointment in passive aggressive ways and dropping unsubtle hints about how much I was failing at being an adult. None of it was helpful. He saw me struggling and made it apparent he noticed but never tried to actually help me in any way. He wanted me to feel guilty and bad about my drinking without understanding the guilt was what was making me hate myself and not care if I was shitfaced before I went to bed every night. ..I dragged myself out of that abyss slowly and painfully. Completely on my own. So now that I have stopped I want to be happy about it by myself for a while until I feel ready to let him know. It's like I don't want him to feel like I got sober for him just because he wanted me to. I did it for myself and my own mental health. ..This may all be VERY immature of me. But it's the truth. I'm hoping with more sober days under my belt my ego won't be so sensitive. 
Having someone there for you is key. I told my best friend (more like my sister) moved in with her and every time i mentioned alcohol she says no your stronger than that. Sometimes leaning on the ones you love most is hard because you don't want to be a burden but it's the people who love you the most that want to see you successful. 
So we had our talk. Not as horrible as I had feared but also I'm not as dead-set in my position as I was before. ..Basically he asked if there was anything I wanted to share. Which felt like he was asking for a confession. (OK me...defensive much?  ) So I turned it around and asked if there was anything he wanted to know. ..He said he'd noticed I wasn't drinking and wanted to know if it was b/c I was on medication (which was the excuse I used when we were at our friends' house) or because I thought I was an alcoholic or if I was trying to lose weight or what. ..I wish I were at the place where I could say  Yes dear I think I'm an alcoholic. And I need your help love and support. The End. ..But I'm not. I'm working on it but the A word still scares me. Even though I wouldn't be here if I didn't believe that myself. But it felt like he was looking for a label. And what I'm going through feels a lot more complex than that. ..So I punted. I said it was kind of all of the above. That I wasn't drinking and it felt good so I was taking this time to figure out some things about myself. ..Then I talked about the last time I tried not drinking how I felt like I did it just for him and how I ended up resenting him. Told him this time I need a little space so I do it for myself and don't fall into the trap of using him as a scapegoat. ..I asked if that made sense and he said no. Which bugged me. Might seem like a little thing but most of our marriage feels like he has the right/only answer and anything I try on my own doesn't measure up. But I get it. Even in the title to my original post I say it's ridiculous. So then I asked if he could understand my position and he said yes. ..So I've created a little space for myself which is good. But I also feel like I've slammed a door in his face which was not my intention. He's acting hurt and distant. But that is also a pattern for us. ..I'm not sure what I'm going to do about that yet. I'm thinking about maybe writing him a letter since I find it easier to bare my soul when I'm not face-to-face (which is why I love this sub so damn much). ..But I'm also aware that I can't fix everything. And it's feeling like I can or should that got me in trouble in the first place. ..For today I am starting with myself and IWNDWYT. ..After reading all your responses I hope I can get to a point of complete sharing and honesty with my husband. But I need to get there with myself first. ..And right now I know that I feel proud that I'm not drinking as well as afraid I'll fail at this attempt too. That's hard to let others in on. But I'm working on getting stronger so I can do the things I need to do to keep it going. ......
