-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82rc1e/dating_after_quitting_drinking/

29F Basically I quit drinking about 6 months ago and I'm ready to try online dating again. I don't consider myself an alcoholic really. I never went to AA or did any steps. It mostly felt like time to grow up from college binge drinking habits. Do I put this on a profile or is it too much information? I don't want someone to think I'm a mess or went to rehab. At the same time it seems like everyone wants to meet up for drinks and I feel awkward explaining. ..Are there similar people like this out there? I'd like to meet someone that doesn't drink too but isn't struggling with it or about to fall off the wagon. My ex was like this and I can't be around it right now. It's too much chaos for me. ..What are good sober date options that aren't too awkward? Coffee dates can be rough if the conversation doesn't flow from the start. 
----------immediate responses--------

I just say something like "not a big drinker" or "not looking for a drinking buddy" etc something a little less formal... The few dates I have been on... coffee park - like nature trails/hiking and ice cream.  Good luck!
I think simply putting non drinker in your profile is sufficient. If it gets to that point and someone asks you out for drinks you can just remind them you dont drink but you're happy to find a NA option and join them. ..Maybe you'll find you can't be around the stuff at all. As in going to bars or being with someone that has it in the house. But you don't know that one way or the other now. I guess what you're looking for is a true social drinker someone that maybe has 1-2 drinks a handful of times a year. Or maybe that won't work for you eithet. Who knows. ..The problem is in online dating everyone says they are a social drinker. Nobody owns up to the fact that they binge drink 3x a week because let's be honest... It's not an attractive quality. 
put it on your profile. we seek each other out on online dating. don't make a big deal out of it just sneak it in the middle of a slew of other things you also don't do. like I don't drug drink or smoke. or whatever. it's not an uncommon lifestyle to not have vices even outside of the church of latter day saints. ..you can always go on walks I did a puzzle at a coffee shop on a first date rock climbing a museum i dunno try and do something sort of novel so that even if it doesnt work it's something new you did. 
Mine simply says "not big on bars and clubs." I find that does a good job of attracting the kind of person who doesn't think she has to drink to have a fun time. 
