-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82yh7q/perspective_dealing_with_the_loss_of_a_friend/

One of the things I need to work at is keeping things in perspective. I tend to loop out of control every few weeks and I get all "woe is me" Its annoying for me to deal with and probably annoying for everyone around me...I've been struggling with thoughts of drinking for the last 4 or 5 days. It all started with a snowstorm that cancelled school for my kids on Monday. We were notified Sunday night that the schools would be closed I thought- how about some whiskey!? I drank a lacroix and built a [model](https://www.reddit.com/r/metalearth/comments/82ac9p/kids_had_a_snow_day_so_i_built_an_abrams_tank/) instead...By the time yesterday rolled around I was feeling reckless? I guess. I had a bad case of the "fuck its" All of the good things I have felt like nothing and all the bad things I have felt like everything. Getting drunk seemed like a harmless escape. ..I though go home get drunk- just once. It will be fine. Throw caution to the wind- you can be sober tomorrow. ..Then I remembered what my sober mentor told me once "you and I both know it wont stop" Then I remembered my last relapse. Fuck. He's right. It doesnt stop. To get it to stop is really fucking hard...So anyway. Later in the day I got a call from a friend of mine and he told me that another one of our friends passed away Tuesday night. I was shocked. The guy was 36 years old. A marine worked out ate good really took care of himself. A picture of perfect health. And he up and died. This guy lived quite a life. Grew up in Liberia escaped wars held his 4 month old brother in his arms as he died as they fled the war. Watched people try to kill his father. Came to Chicago joined the marines fought and survived a tour overseas. He loved to fish and to garden and was so so wise. He was one of the good ones. I was lucky to know him...This sort of made me want to say fuck it even more. If a guy like that can die at 36 then why bother? ..I went home and worked out. I just needed to feel something. I havent cried.  I dont know if I will- I'm not really a crier. I feel so bad for his wife and his family. His dad is still in Liberia. I know he also lost a sister about 10 years ago. This family has really been through hell...After my work out. I grabbed a lacroix and sat at the kitchen table. My 12 y/o came around the corner and said "Are you drinking a beer!?" He was genuinely concerned (which says a lot for a 12 y/o) then he saw it was a lacroix and he said "Oh good." He helped put it all in perspective for me. My life isnt just my own. I can never drink and think "oh its harmless it doesnt affect anyone but me."..Eventually I went to bed. In my dream I traded bodies with an old shriveled up man. He was gross unkempt and stinking. I saw the world through his eyes drunk desperate alone. Feeling drunk never felt so shitty. I wanted to escape being drunk more than I want to escape being sober...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry about your friend. One thing that always keeps me on the path if I get a bad case of the "fuck-its" is reminding myself of the [Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) and my brain chemistry. One relapse could reset everything. Addicted brains "remember" all too well. If I decided to drink even once all those neurotransmitters I have been cultivating over the last 501 days would be washed away. My brain would reset itself to Day 1. I have worked way too hard to feel like that again. Nice model btw. I've always wanted to try one of those. 
Good on your 12 year old...I remember being about that age and watching my father stumble around drunk. It was so painful...He was a good man. Just lost.
This is the post I needed to read today. Thank you. Stay strong.
What a powerful post with a lot of truth and honesty to it.  Thank you for sharing it.  I am sorry for your loss death hurts.  Congrats on kicking the drinking demon to the curb.  Victories of this kind make us stronger.  I found your dream extremely interesting.  I picture alcohol as the man and where I would be if I picked it up again.  Thanks for the insight. I will not drink with you today!  
This is powerful. I relate to the dreams of being drinking/being drunk. They make me realize how much I would self-medicate and interrupt this night-time processing to help me deal with life events both large like your dear friend's passing and small daily stressors. But as you mention it also makes me realize how drinking is still there on the fringe of my subconscious as an craving or escape. I don't feel as afraid of this as I used to but I am vigilant that allowing it back even briefly in would just strengthen that neural pathway again. ..The other thought that came to me when reading your story is that your life is absolutely your own. Doing it for your son is wonderful but you are also inherently worth it.  IWNDWYT 
This post is so utterly helpful. Thank you. I am so sorry you lost a person you admired and loved. And I am so glad you didn't drink about it. Hugs.   
Thanks for sharing this story very powerful. I'm sorry to hear you lost your friend he sounds like he was a really special guy. .
