-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/82yohe/just_checking_infeeling_a_little_strange_today/

Sort of an accountability post. I've been doing pretty well....going to the gym working saving money. Slacking off on the diet a bit but the recent weather kind of calls for it (no school again today cause of snow!). ..So not craving booze....but finding myself today kind of wishing my brain could be altered in SOME way. Weed isn't my thing but thinking "well that could be nice" (for what it's worth I have nothing against it not do I think it shouldn't be used if not drinking!!). Or remembering that 1 Adderal I took that time &amp; thinking "oh I wish I had that right now". I haven't had these thoughts for the past 66 days. .. Guess my brain is getting kind of tired being "aware and on" all the time. I don't plan on doing anything about it. Gonna take my kids out to play in snow...then go to gym and work. BUT....the feeling scared me a little cause I'm thinking maybe it's the pre pre relapse thinking. And I don't want that. Not one bit. It felt good to get it out there so thanks for listening! Iwndwyt
----------immediate responses--------

The drinking demon will try to tempt you.  Kick him to the curb! Your doing great!  A play day in the snow sounds wonderful enjoy your time.  I will not drink with you today!
Yeah that lizard brain will reach out and try to grab at anything it can. Have you ever tried meditation? I do 20 minutes a day and I always feel lifted afterwards. Vigorous exercise also does wonders. I used to take Adderal and drink like superman on top of it. There's no way I could take it now that I quit drinking. It makes me physically thirsty for alcohol.
Changing attitudes was essential.  Just sitting with myself without needing to change the way I feel.  Takes time listening to other alcoholics in AA helped. 
I'm in the same boat. Not gonna drink but definitely suffering ennui from my brain being in one unaltered state for so long.
