-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/836qu5/badge_reset/

I'm on vacation this week and yesterday I caved to the mounting feelings of deprivation and missing out. My husband had been drinking earlier in the day and I was so jealous of him. I wanted to be able to have the  kick back and relax' feeling that I don't know how to feel unless I've had one or two. My mind had been obsessing about drinking off and on for days. We split up for a bit to do our own things and the moment he was out of sight I made a beeline to the nearest bar. ..I could have called my sponsor but I didn't. I could have called my therapist but I didn't. I just wanted to have a drink. ..I had two fancy cocktails- the kind of drink I used to drink all the time to make myself feel sophisticated and important. Then I left. On the way back to meet up with my husband I had one more glass of wine. When we met up again I tried to convince him that I should be able to have  one or two  that evening at the fancy dinner we had planned. I even grabbed the bottle of the free white wine the hotel has sitting out for guests (seriously?) and poured myself a glass and took a sip. He asked to talk to me away from the other guests and talked me off the ledge. He said he didn't want to drink with me and would not have a good time if I was drinking. He offered to give me a back massage instead...I stopped there thanks to him but if it wasn't for having such a remarkable and caring husband I probably would have kept going and felt like absolute shit this morning. ..The thing is he asked me yesterday when I got home if I had drank and I lied to him. I said no. Now I'm struggling with that. I feel like I should tell him the truth but I also want to put this behind me and move on. I want to use this experience as a lesson as to why I cannot drink and pay it back to him by keeping this promise to myself. I know it is selfish but I feel like telling him now will ruin the rest of his vacation and mine. ..Thanks for listening. I needed to come clean to someone and having you all here means a lot. I feel like a failure but I also have a new resolve to make it stick hopefully this time. 
----------immediate responses--------

Let it go.  If he asked you the question then he knew you were drinking and he knows you lied.  So what?  Based on the support he showed to talk you off the ledge he knows how this works knows it isn't easy and understands the addict brain.  Enjoy the rest of your trip!    
Understand where you are coming from in terms of being on holiday and wanting those drinks! Good for you for listening to your husband when he pressed the pause button!! There are A LOT of us who might not have done that and instead gotten defensive and then tied one on...Give yourself some credit!!..And also give yourself some credit for being here and looking for support and accountability. You're only a failure if you quit trying. ..And what a great day to be alive! You're on vacation your husband is supportive you got the chance to reinforce that alcohol isn't your friend and you're feeling grateful for the lesson. Life is good - and *you* are the reason why!..IWNDWYT!
Had to reset my badge recently too after 77 days. My girlfriend is very supportive of my efforts to stop drinking but last Friday I took a comment she made about my progress as permission to have  a beer or two . My first beer was a750 ml Stout that had me buzzed before I even finished it. Then I had three pints of IPA at the show we went to them for some reason had a double shot of Jameson. Amazing we didn't end up fighting each other but I lost all of Sunday recovering from a hangover. It really reaffirmed to my why I had to get in the first place. Instead of working out and being productive I just wanted a day lying around the house and being useless...But I'm happy that you have a supportive husband and I know how shitty it makes you feel to lie about drinking. But you're definitely not a failure. We're all on this road to recovery together and sometimes we fuck up. We're great at that sometimes. Just keep your head up and remember why you quit in the first place. Nothing good ever really comes from drinking and nothing good **ever** comes from lying. Keep up the solid work though. Sometimes a badge reset gives us the ass kicking that we didn't get from someone else.
