-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83igha/noobie/

I've been lurking for a bit and everything I have read has inspired me to make more of a real effort to quit...After spending my entire birthday (1/28) in bed and throwing up after a long weekend of drinking I decided I would cut back. However after joining and reading all of your posts I have decided to join the wagon full time and stop completely. I haven't had a drink in 6 days and I'm feeling ok about that. ..One struggle I have had is that my cohabiting  boyfriend of 8 years drinks quite a bit himself. We have had thousands of 'cutting back' conversations over the years and have danced the thin line between binge drinking and full-blown alcoholism for pretty much our entire relationship. The issue is that while I am ready to make the commitment he is not. I haven't really stated to him that I'm on the wagon for good so he still assumes I am just trying to cut back. He has been out drinking or drinking at home almost every night this past week. It's honestly not really tempting me in and of itself but it's really just secretly pissing me off. This is a new world for me to actually make the hardcore commitment to myself so I'm not really sure what to do. I'm afraid that if I say something it will turn into me drinking in a couple days and just be another one of those "I tried to quit once" moments. I also know that I can't force him to be ready and I want to stay positive and encouraging so that he is more accepting of the idea of sobriety himself. ..Anyway thanks for reading and thank you for the community!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome 
Glad you're here.
Welcome! Happy you found us. SD was a game changer to me!..I did this for six months before I told my wife. It s almost insane when you think about it - except that was how long I needed. She almost doesn t drink so it wasn t even a big deal. The point is this is your sobriety and the stronger you are in your determination the better you will do and the wiser you will be facing other people s choices...Good luck and do hang around! IWNDWYT
Hey!! I understand that pissed off feeling. If you feel comfy sharing that you've quit share; if you prefer to let your quiet strength grow do that. Your sobriety is all yours and you are most important. It's really about your gut feeling. ..Glad you're here!
