-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83ix7m/when_does_it_get_easy/

In the mindset of 'one day at a time' I promised myself I would go 30 days without drinking. 30 days and I'd see if I felt better or different. ..On the whole I do feel a lot better! I'm on day 12 today and I have honestly not been craving too much. I don't really miss drinking BUT I definitely am struggling with the habit...I'd imagine this is similar to what a smoker goes through when they quit and all of a sudden they're like "What do I do with my hands?" For me I wasn't a full-blown alcoholic but drinking is what I would do when I watched TV or played video games. Similar to suddenly not having a cigarette I'm suddenly at a loss for what to do when I'm watching TV now. Just watch TV? That's it? It seems so foreign...And this is where I'm struggling. While I'm not really having any cravings I definitely am missing the "muscle memory" of drinking. Just having one additional thing to do while relaxing. I'm sure this urge will pass with time but it's the hardest thing about right now...For those of you that have successfully quit cold-turkey when was it the hardest? Was the first month the worst or was there another time? I'm looking forward to sobriety being second-nature. ..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Muscle memory is a pain! I have that same deal needing my habds to be busy. I found eating peanuts m&amp;ms popcorn helps. It's small enough to snack a little at a time and give a my hands something to do. And I just love to eat. Haha
The first time I quit the first month was definitely the hardest. I had to spend a lot of time changing my habits staying at home focusing on myself. I think I didn't go out with friends for three months. All of the things I associated with drinking I had to avoid for a bit to get to a good place.... so bars dinners parties. Not saying anyone has to do this but it's what I needed to do - to focus on myself and get confident and healthy mentally and physically before I could join the world again. Drinking was ingrained in my life for a decade so I needed time to reset. And when I finally did it was amazing. It did get easier. It takes time. It will creep on you from time to time. It's not always going to be easy but it's so worth it. It got too easy for me after six years. That's when I slipped up and thought I could drink like a  normal person  again... the illusion that alcohol is fun and would make my life better and more  normal  is just that - an illusion. Once things get better remembering how bad they were before is the hard part (for me)... Keep on going. One minute at a time if you have to.
For me I'd say month 2 or 3. I was feeling a little better more focused less tired and then things stopped improving. I no longer had the novel feeling of increased relaxation. I thought "is this the best it will get?" And I struggled with the thought of "ok made it this far. I can do this what's one drink going to do?" It's that 90 day itch. ..I still have the muscle memory thing. I just have a cup of tea or a diet soda in my hand. I don't know if that will ever change. 
I drank a lot of sparkling water instead of beer in the early days. I found it got easier for me after the 3rd weekend. New habits were forming by then so I wasn't always thinking 'what can I do?'.....IWNDWYT
I am a new self proclaimed non-alcoholic mixologist. I LOVE making new creations and enjoying them in a fancy glass. I did try to start knitting to keep my hands busy but haven't quite got the hang of it yet! 
This moment right now is the hardest it has ever been for me. We are all so different. Hang in there!
I drink sparkling water with MIO drops and lots of decaff coffee...Muscle memory is indeed real!  
For me it's been terrifyingly hard since the 8 month mark. I had to get on meds and things are looking a bit brighter. 
