-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83jhq7/iwndwyt_is_a_magical_phrase/

Thank you all. I have been struggling this weekend. Loneliness depression anxiety they have all been making the nasty little demon in my head throw out many justifications for "just a small glass of wine just one you know it will be fine"...No I  KNOW it will lead to two and three and then the whole bottle followed by regret tomorrow. I have just spent an hour or so reading your posts commenting on a couple and every time I type iwndwyt the phrase chips away at the hold the annoying little boozy demon tries to have on me. All of you who are on here help fortify me in a much healthier way than the old way. iwndwyt 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad this sub is working well for you. It's been really helpful for me too!  I know it can be really tough hearing that bullshit voice in your head. I have that same voice too. Lots of people here probably do. You hang in there!  Getting sober doesn't fix life problems so much as it makes it *possible* to fix life's problems. Struggling is just kind of a part of the process I've come to find.  Give yourself a pat on the back for not giving in to that voice. You're doing a good job!..(Every night before bed I comment on a new post to show support. Doing that helps me keep my sobriety on my mind and on track.  Tonight it was your post. Thank you for helping me stay sober tonight.)
Raising hand for voice in head. Yes yes I have it.  Starting at about 3 pm on weekdays its loud and clear. Then all day Saturday/Sunday. Thanks to people like you and the rest on this sub I get past it. I'm with you friend. 
Nice ObviousComputer!..I will not drink with y'all today. IWNDWY'allT lol!..   within  
I will not drink with you today and actually look forward to it 
Thank you for being here. I agree with the power of IWNDWYT. I saw on here that someone had jewelry made with that phrase which I thought was a wonderful idea. I went and got a bracelet on etsy with it carved on the inside. It is a reminder to be mindful stay strong. I WILL NOT DRINK WITH YOU TODAY. 
What are the origins of this IWNDWYT?
