-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83mwk9/alcohol_worse_than_heroin/

A fellow poster brought up an excellent point.  A heroin addict told them he felt bad for us alcoholics.  He said if they sold heroin at sporting events concerts cruises Chinese takeout drive thrus had delivery services etc AND you had to walk past it at the supermarket and gas stations?!?!  Said he'd never be sober.  Makes me even prouder of us all!  Even those struggling.  Get back on the horse   if you fall off.  No matter how many times.  After about 965 times trying the light bulb went off for me.  You'll get there.  Love y'all you beautiful strange people!  Thank you for helping me!
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Get back on the horse if you fall off..Interesting humor on a post re: heroin.........
Yup to know that almost any time of the day you can get it....and not have to call a dealer or head to a shady part of town (I know that's not how it always works but sometimes it does). Also as far as I know you can't use a credit card with a dealer but you sure can at the liquor store!
I've heard this before but respectfully I disagree. The assumption is that I'm walking around in life and everytime I see alcohol I'm hit with strong cravings and reduced to a helpless blubbering mess. That would be a pretty bleak existence. The reality is much different. I hardly ever think about alcohol and I don't avoid places because of it. ..Heroin users on the other hand. Imagine relapsing cracking open your first beer and dying instantly. I'm so so grateful I never went down the road of painkillers and heroin. Just a terrible drug. 
This really hit me yesterday. I haven't looked for wine on sale at the supermarket for a couple weeks...There is one full length aisle for wine one half wine/half distilled spirits one for beer (side wall). One section of the back wall is dedicated to chilled beer. The ends of 4 other sections have specials on wine and beer. The PA system broadcasts advertisements for alcohol repeatedly...It makes a person think some tremendous amount of money is at stake entirely aimed to keep folks drinking.
Well Alcohol Withdrawals can kill you heroin can't but I am guessing it's never tough to get through the withdrawals.
A friend of mine went to a rehab clinic for his heroin addiction. He said the people in the clinic he was in that were detoxing from alcohol looked far worse than he and the other heroin addicts looked. It may be just a random occurrence and not the norm but I'll never forget when he told me that. I feel very fortunate that my withdrawal symptoms were not severe like that.
Alcohol is also much more taxing on your whole body and while the high might not be as euphoric as dope there is a greater degree of complete lack of control with alcohol i.e. blackouts. With dope you bottom out or die off relatively quickly. Alcohol is a much slower burn and a much more slow horribly painful death. Both are absolutely terrible though.
I have a friend who for the first three months of his sobriety simply stayed away from any place where he would be tempted. It was a pain and we didn't see him as much but it was necessary for him---he just couldn't handle it. I appreciate that too---he knew what he needed to do. 
I'd say the data suggests that.  I hear many a story about a relapser drinking after 20 years and being dead shortly after. Many herion deaths are because of mixing with benzos as a potentiator and fentanyl.   ..Alcohol withdrawals kill people all the time.  This is possible with herion but rare.  I'd say that alcohol is way way way worse than herion.   Just my opinion.  And herions really bad.  Fuck that shit.
I'm a heroin addict and an alcoholic. The surprise for me was finding out how similar they are! For me they are just two symptoms for the disease of addiction I have and scarier still is once I quit seeing all the other possible ways my addiction will try to get me to act out in. Whether it's sex and love food cigarettes coffee or meth the similarities are shocking.  
https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/news/20101101/alcohol-more-harmful-than-crack-or-heroin
Alcohol is objectively not worse than heroin. Yesterday a man threatened me with a knife and openly injected heroin into his thigh on a public bus because he was desperate for a fix...An alcoholic would not do these thing just to get drunk unless he was psycho anyway...IWNDWY today but heroin is way worse sorry.
Excellent point. I stumbled on this article a couple of days ago ranking the addictions that are hardest to quit: https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/addiction-in-society/200812/the-7-hardest-addictions-quit-love-is-the-worst
Interesting topic. I never wanted to try heroin because I was afraid of it. I was not afraid of any other drug because I tried everything else besides heroin. Anyways when I was at rehab I noticed the heroin addicts could not handle being there for long and had to leave. Basically leave to get back into heroin. While the alcoholics stayed longer. I feel like it is harder to quit heroin because there is so much pain physically when you try to quit - and you don't have to do many hits to get the  physical withdrawal. You just have to do a few. While alcohol it can take years for physical withdrawal. ..But i do believe if you are a heroin addict and you get over your addiction you most likely will not go back but with alcoholics they have a much higher chance of going back. ..This is just my theory.
Heroin was way way way way WAY easier for me to quit. Not only is alcohol everywhere (even at my friends houses and places I can't avoid) it's accepted by everyone. You think a heroin addict has to convinced their loved ones they have a problem? I can get booze anywhere any time of the day drink it out in the open drink it with friends anything goes. Oh and I had a $30/day habit not as bad as some but my wine habit is more like $10/ day so I guess it's cheaper...I would quit heroin 10x for the amount of will power I need to quit drinking...I'm at day 2 as my friends convinced me two weeks ago I didn't really have a problem with booze and I wasn't "going to quit forever right?"
Junkies are the only ones who claim this fact. Heroin is far harder to quit thank drinking not even close
I'm proud of us all regardless.  I think addiction is terrible no matter what it is.  ..I personally struggled more with quitting cigarettes than alcohol but everyone has their own unique struggles and triumphs.  Power all of us for keeping up the good fight.
Never looked at it that way.
We live in such a rampant drinking culture. I feel like I can't relate to half my social circle anymore cause I'm not out getting wasted. We all definitely deserve a pat on the back for maintaining our sobriety through the maelstrom of drinking that we encounter daily.
Do you know what is worse?  Food addiction. ..  
As an alcoholic with two siblings who are heroin addicts I'm here to concur they are comparable. Heroin may not be in stores but in many areas it can be delivered...The black market trade responds to and is affected by all the same pressures legit ones are. They want to reach the customer first or else someone else gets the sale. ..Honestly this is one of the reasons I don't do too much in the way of meetings. It sounds more like 'well I'm not that bad off  look at those guys' for projection. ..They're both deadly and they both lead to the same paths with the same dead ends. In fact I worked in an outreach program for a few years specifically with the homeless in Colorado and California. While I can't tell you each person's reason for making the choice to give up and check out of society I can tell you it's addiction mental health or some combination. Rarely is someone downtrodden by choice and otherwise a functional member of society. ..The addictions were usually alcohol or opiates. I rarely saw meth users or cocaine addicts. Nearly all alcoholics and opiates but people were less forthcoming about mental issues. ..They self medicate similar issues they both cause withdrawal that can be fatal (benzos too!) they both demolish people and families and they both lead to the same place. Doomed...I don't feel any better or worse for any kind of addiction I guess. ..In any event I won't drink with you today. I am cheating with cigarettes like no one's business though. So stupid.
this discussion makes me think of cigarettes and the culture then vs. now.  Ultimately I believe it remains w/ the individual - however it is my opinion that accessibility plus cultural acceptance draws more users in.  In turn this produces a negative situation when that user seeks to quit.  ..Under this metric quitting heroin should produce less triggers due to the lack of opium dens existing on our typical "Main Street."  Alcohol would be worse due to bars stores etc and therefore cigarettes (pre-1990's) would be worst of all due to availability and use almost everywhere except elevators. ..I wonder how this will play with the emergence of legal recreational marijuana in certain states?  Regardless I still maintain that triggers remain different for each individual as every addiction while similar remains unique to that user.  
I heard the same thing at a meeting a few weeks ago!:D.   I also heard an alcoholic say he feels sorry for internet porn addicts.  That's like a recovering drunk having to walk around with a tallboy in his pocket.
I have a bottle of wine in my fridge and it's been there since the day I got sober. For me the disease was in my soul alcohol was just the catalyst. 
I wish there was a Truth marketing campaign against alcohol like there is tobacco.  Also for social media tbh.
My dad was a little disappointed that I quit drinking we always liked to have a few beers and have long conversations and crack each other up and he wanted to take me to that new brewpub. Pretty sure nobody's dad is disappointed when their child quits heroin. 
I don't have any experience with harder drugs but can only imagine they are much worse. There is little stigma around alcohol because it is advertised and sold all over the place. Since so many people are exposed to alcohol it's easy to get a strong support group. And everyone can relate. Society shuns heroin users and admitting you have a problem will outcast you forever. 
This is EXACTY how I explained the issue to a friend with an ex-coke problem.  His response:  I'd be dead by now. .
