-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83np5j/st_paddys_day_parade/

Our city had our annual week-before st Patrick's day parade. It is a cringey show of mass drunkenness. I live a mile away from the parade location so I have to witness it right outside my door. I babysat my sisters two kids and dropped her off at the parade beforehand. ..Y'all it was fuckin ugly. People were so rude so mean so sloppy. Just like an army of grown up cranky toddlers dressed in green. I saw so many scowls lost faces aside from obviously drunk loud people no one looked like they were even having fun. They were just wandering around drunk. ..I am so god damned glad I didn't want to be there I can't find words. I am so god damned glad it finally clicked that I don't want to be wasting my weekends away pretending I am having fun lost in a crowd full of booze soaked zombies. ..If you're struggling I want to say I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're choosing a better way to spend your life. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

 
My AA district (chapter? I'm not sure I just started going a month ago) is having a St. Patrick's day dance and a woman in my group convinced me to go. I'm kind of excited - something to do that day when everyone else is getting plastered and a social event where there will be no alcohol to avoid or drunk people. The only concern I have is driving home afterwards that other drivers may not be safe. There are 6 bars within two blocks of my apartment so I'm glad to get away for the evening.
I can relate! ..Went to an event yesterday supporting a dog rescue center it was held at a brewery. Great cause and I wanted to show support for the organization so went basically to eat and pet some dogs ..I was not drinking but almost everyone there was &amp; wow I'd never had so many people bump into me before! ..And they didn't even apologize. 
Went back to my home town for their St.  Pat's festivities.  Definitely a shit show.
It's the same thing at music festivals. It's kind of brought to light how much of a waste that $400+ ticket really is if you're wasted the whole time. 
 An army of grown up cranky toddlers     
