-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83s3tv/cant_shake_the_shame/

I'm writing this sort of just to vent to people I'm hoping can relate. I spent way too many years partying way too hard. Making dumb choices lucky I'm not dead honestly and being a shitty person. Not always shitty but enough. ..Today I'm happily married and the mother to a 1.5 yr old girl. They are my reason for not drinking. It's not hard anymore. My husband doesn't drink so it's especially easy to avoid temptation.  I'm present with my little family and life is great. ..What is hard are the memories. I feel so much shame for some of my behavior during those party years. In the quiet moments they'll come rushing back or I'll dwell on something from 10 5 3 years ago. My therapist told me to  change my tapes ; you know the ways I think about myself the negative garbage that runs on loop. It really helped for a lot of my baggage.  I'm not a bad person... addiction is ugly... I wasn't given the tools to even know how to make better choices...  ..I've learned a lot and grown up a lot. I love my sober life and I'm so fucking grateful that it isn't a struggle to *not drink*. But man I cannot shake the shame. I remember and I hate who I was I'm embarrassed I feel like such an asshole. I don't know how to get passed this part of my recovery if that is even part of it. ..Thanks for reading. It feels good to get this off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

I fully relate.  I did some horrible shit that haunts me.  I bet a lot of people here can relate.  My wife told me once that this is my life and I can do it anyway I want.  It makes me more proud to be going this direction now.  I come to terms with things because I am making up for things now.  I've learned from the bad things.  I won't be that person again and that has a big impact on a lot of people.
I have shame too about things I did when I drank... and even sometimes about things that pop out of my mouth now. I guess I'm trying not to dwell there or if it does appear to turn and face whatever it is and be loving towards myself. It's hard! I WILL say that women seem to have it more than men and when I remember that it pisses me off. Which means that at least I'm not lingering in shame! Brene Brown is a researcher who has some really helpful stuff to say about shame. AND she's in recovery. She has a TED talk and some good books.
We just need to keep making better memories. AA helped me deal with the past by working the steps. 
Yep. Every. Damn. Day. I like the advice you give above about dealing with it. I'm going to try that. I've also heard that meditation helps although I've only tried that once. 
You might want to think about whether you'll be a better mother if you dwell on the past or if you forgive yourself and build a brighter future for you and your child. I think it would be hard to do both.
