-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83s41l/had_my_first_relapse/

So had the longest time I haven't drank in about 15 years but then relapsed.  Lucky my dad kinda caught me before it could get too bad.  I am almost too ashamed and want to drink to hide it more but I know that makes it worse.  ..I also know the answer to every 'have you thought this' is yes but how have people got through a relapse?  Really I feel awful about it and know if my dad didn't drive down to my place I probably would have drank more.  
----------immediate responses--------

I havn't had a relapse so I'm not speaking from personal experience. But from what I have read and heard from others it is just about not wallowing in shame about past decisions and getting back in line. If you're OK with AA get to a lot of meetings..I'm glad you're here! There is no point in worrying about mistakes but learning from them is excellent. I know relapse is an ever-present possibility for me and I know that if it were to happen the best thing I could do would be to remember how good it feels to be sober to live without the constant baggage of alcohol. From where I am at now there is no possible situation in life I could make better by picking up a drink. So if I did pick one up I pray I can remember that.
I got my nickname through repeated relapsing over the course of two years. Despite the mountains of evidence I wasn't sure I had a "real" problem so I'd try to devise new schemes to drink "in moderation" which for me meant drinking tons without consequence. It obviously didn't work out or I wouldn't be here...You can come back from a relapse. I am familiar with the shame and guilt and fear that comes with it but you can come back and those feelings will fade. You never know if this is the last relapse - when I quit for the millionth time 1241 days ago I thought I was going to fuck up again but I haven't so far. ..In my mind the main danger is the thinking that "I stopped a few times what's one more relapse?" I have friends who have passed away after relapsing hard after doing great...What worked for me was to get as much support as I could - psychs for my mental health issues AA and #stopdrinking and a sponsor for my drinking problems. 
15 years!!!  That is amazing!  Keep on.  Thank you for showing that even after so long we have to be aware..
