-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83tai1/realizing_my_own_behaviors/

Two weeks today! Thank God I usually relapse on the second weekend but so far so good. ..I did pop to the pub on Friday with my colleagues but I had made plans to meet a friend after I had an excuse to leave and at I knew that at least two of my colleagues weren't drinking either so my resolve was firm. ..When asked if I was still not drinking which they asked in a very casual non-accusatory manner I made a big deal out of it. Same thing happened when someone asked if they could buy me a drink I started miming like I was really struggling not to get a hard drink (I wasn't actually tempted at all) until the person said 'You know I can just get you a soft drink I wasn't suggesting alcohol'. Then when one of the other people not drinking was asked the same question she just brushed it off with 'I'm not drinking either so I'll just have a lemonade'. No fuss nog big deal...It made me realize that I am making a big deal of my sobriety and doing all this weird feigning it to be hard and sort of giving these weird bullshit party girl reasons to stop drinking ('Oh well I need to save my money for the big blowout on x day' 'Need to give my liver a rest') because I'm scared of coming across not fun or a buzzkill because I would consider a non-drinker a huge buzzkill but most people do not think that way. ..I need to chill out I'm an adult who doesn't need to justify why they aren't drinking and on top of that no one actually cares as much as I do. ..On the plus side that night I told my best friend that I was struggling and they were whilst not fully understanding 100% supportive. I also told her I had to bail on party plans we had in a couple of weeks which I was SO nervous about and once again had built into such a big deal in my mind but she barely even reacted. Just said 'yeah that's fine' and moved the conversation on to actually interesting topics. ..I was so proud of myself for overcoming the anxiety and for recognizing dangerous situations for myself and actively avoiding them. ..I haven't been back to AA since my first meeting last week I'm a little worried that without it my resolve might lack in the future but I was quite uncomfortable there. I definitely view it as an option now at least. ..Anyway ramblings over! Happy Monday everyone! Here's to week three! ..
----------immediate responses--------

Imagine being addicted to cream that you put on coffee. Someone offers you a coffee and asks whether you take your coffee with cream you go on a long tirade explaining that you have been trying to cut back on cream and you really don't want it and bringing up reasons why you can't drink coffee with cream while a regular person just says "no thanks"...Booze plays such an integral part in a drinker's life that in early sobriety it's a big deal for us to explain why it's not a part of us anymore or to come up with various reasons while the next guy/girl just says "no thanks"...For me "no thanks" is still hard to do because I fear the "why?" that might follow and then I feel the need to start explaining myself forgetting that I don't have to give a reason. So I either avoid the drinking situations altogether or I get a fake drink or I accept the wine and let it stand in front of me untouched the entire evening.
Happy 2 Weeks!..Ironically it was the *'buzz'* that almost *'killed'* me. 
&gt; I'm an adult who doesn't need to justify why they aren't drinking and on top of that no one actually cares as much as I do...Oh this is so true!! I realized that because it s a big deal to *me* I got overly sensitive about it. It s like carrying this invisible balloon; the more I think about it the bigger it gets but it s only I who can see it and noone else so why make a deal of it??..Happy you made it and overcame your hurdles :-) To week three :-)
