-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83uz8d/two_years_in_a_balanced_look_at_the_present/

[EDIT: pics before and after](https://imgur.com/a/o2bnT) ..*Sorry about the essay but I figure I only get to make a big fuss about this huge part of my life once a year. Better make the most of it: purge the bad and exalt the good. Tomorrow evening I will be at home by myself and I don't really know where my emotions will be - I struggled on my "one year milestone" day - so I wrote this a day early when I am feeling what I believe is a  true reflection  of my current mental state.*..Tomorrow I will be two years without a drink...People who know me very well know that this is a good thing and a necessary thing. ..Others never really "got" the extent of my reliance but have nevertheless been wonderful about my decision. I have rarely had to tell someone twice not to offer me a drink. ..There are people I can call friends who have never known me NOT sober which is astounding. Those people must see me in a very different way to which I see myself...I was not a good person when I drank. I did a lot of damage and that's not OK. ..I was not a clever person when I drank. I opened myself up to a lot of damage from others and I wasn't OK for a long time afterwards...But I DID have a lot of fun when I drank at times and a big part of moving on is allowing myself to accept that. I am missing out on things and that IS OK to admit. My posts on this are usually very one-sided in their perspective   positives only forget the negatives hands over ears la la la. However...I miss the camaraderie of drunk women in club toilets. I miss the slightly naughty thrill of day drinking in a sunny pub garden. I miss the giggling and expansive gestures of a tipsy evening meal. ..I miss the ability to FEEL things properly and to be emotionally vulnerable and honest; and I think my struggles with that are a large part of why I drank so much in the first place. ..I built my adult personality drunk and I worry that I am not a very interesting person these days. When I am "out out" I worry that I am bringing things down. I worry that I have lost some of my creativity and I know that I have lost some of my spontaneity (for better or for worse). ..I have bizarrely lost the ability to sit down with a book for hours   lost that  tunnel vision . I don't know why. The books are piling up menacingly...I found Christmas very difficult and I can't imagine this year's going to be much easier. There is a very acute and child-like feeling of  missing out  around special occasions that all but makes me stick out my lower lip and sulk. ...**Note: can I be clear that I am *not* looking for people to tell me why I am wrong for feeling these things or why I'm not *really* missing out on anything. I do and I am- and I am accepting that and it is not an excuse to drink again.**...On the bright side:..I am busier than I have ever been   who knew there were so many hours in a day to fill? - but I still spend more time alone than I ever have. And I like it. Even when I was isolated from everyone who cared about me 10000 miles from anyone who I really wanted to spend time with I would put up with being alone for maybe an hour before seeking out a bar. That's no longer really an option and as a result I enjoy my own company far more than I ever did...I am going to marry somebody who I can very happily spend the rest of my life with. He is a truly good man and he helped to drag me off the metaphorical ledge   kicking and screaming   despite the damage I was doing him. We are a team. He is wonderful...I have found out that my friends really do care about me and still love me even though I'm not so much fun these days. I read so many stories about people having to discard their entire social group when they stopped drinking and it frightened me deeply. I can't tell you how relieved I am not to have had to do that. ..I am much healthier and I think I need to spend more time valuing that. My body is not everything I want it to be but it is ticking over nicely and no longer presenting me with the constant alarming symptoms of self-abuse. My hair is thicker and I don't bruise easily any more...I am learning and I like learning. I am learning about myself. I am learning what is important to me. I am learning how to change my mind. I am learning to drive. I have already learned how to touch my toes! ..I no longer live in a constant state of low-level fear. Yes I still struggle with anxiety but the *fear* is gone. Any heavy drinker knows what I mean by  the fear ...**Edit: I should probably add a conclusion rather than leaving it abruptly there!**..A big big thank you to this community who got me through the early days when nothing else would. I didn't fancy AA I wasn't ready to be honest with most of the people around me with how much I was struggling and I found sanctuary encouragement and coping mechanisms in *spades* here and on the live chat. I make a new reddit account every couple of months for privacy reasons but I've been here since my Day 0 (originally StickyElephant)...All of you who spend your time helping newbies should be SO fucking proud of yourselves. It's something I need to start doing now I'm no longer feeling at risk of relapse. ..I will not drink with you all today :) xxx
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this! I love your honesty about your feelings of missing out. To me that is a realistic view of my future as a sober person and it's nice to hear...And congratulations! IWNDWYT!
Excellent post. It's refreshing here to have someone acknowledge that it was fun to drink sometimes. ..You look amazing and it sounds like your life is going very very well. Wishing you all happiness! And I will of course not drink with you today. 
I feel like your post was perfectly timed to shed light on the emotions I'm working around in sobriety. God two years sounds so unattainable at this point! Congratulations. ..I will continue to not drink with you. And also to wallow a bit that it's nice outside and white wine and sun go so great together that I'm a bit of a bore and I have a harder time just catching a mental break. That's ok because I'm also not risking jail time harming myself or others and my daughter won't have a drunk mom. 
This is an incredible post - thanks so much for sharing. I often struggle with the "boring" aspects of my sober life and how to deal with it but I do know that drinking it back would be the worst approach - not drinking with you today!
A wonderful glimpse into your mind it's reassuring to so many I'm sure... many thanks and also Congratulations     I am so glad you're happy!!! I'm honoured to be here with you not drinking today 
I relate to so much of your post and your thought processes. I am 25 and this summer will make 2 years for me too. I still romanticize the shit out of alcohol at times and also feel extremely boring sometimes having built my  adult personality  drunk too...But I agree life is much better without the Fear. I really enjoyed your post - thank you for sharing! Also you are very pretty especially in your after pics!
Congrats to you and thank you for sharing your healthy perspective.  I wish you the best!
I went to a dinner party Saturday night...with a group of folks I used to drink with.  Thankfully it was not my poison of choice it was wine and champagne.  I was tempted but not too bad.  I believe I am in a danger zone 30+ days into sobriety and have a selective memory. "My drinking wasn't THAT bad" "Look how much they drank Saturday".  But the facts are one is too many and 10 isn't enough.  I drink to blackout most days and nights.  Thankful for finding this subreddit.  I won't have a a drink with you today!
I love this post.  I love honesty.  It's very powerful.  About books I have gone in and out of my ability to be entrenched in reading all my life.  Just putting that out there so that you know you're not alone in that.  
I have a confession to make I have known HappyElephantEars irl for about 4 years &amp; she is the one who reccomended that I come here for support when I very recently decided to stop drinking...Reading her words brings a tear to my eyes &amp; makes me incredibly proud of all that she has achieved over these past two years. ..Whatever you may think HEE I have personally always found you to be a good person both when you were drinking &amp; now you are not. But to just give an example of her kindness she was the first person I told when I decided to stop drinking &amp; straight away she offered to meet me the next day for coffee. She is the reason I came here and found this sub &amp; has been a big support to me for which I cannot thank her enough. She is also one of the kindest principled &amp; caring people I have ever met...I applaud her honesty in saying what she misses as with all addictions there was a good side to why we drank even if it eventually has become something we can no longer do. I feel it's important to acknowledge this...To the poster who said she is a very pretty girl yes she is &amp; her beauty is matched by a ferocious intelligence &amp; a huge heart. I feel privileged to know her. &lt;3..HEE Your achievement is amazing &amp; I cannot convey just how proud I am of you &amp; how much respect I have for you. You have absolutely no need to worry that you aren't as much fun now that you are sober you are still the quick witted kind hearted great person that I liked immediately when I first met you...If anything I think that what you have learnt over the last couple of years has   given an already lovely person even more understanding of themselves &amp; others...Very proud to say: IWNDWYT..
Boom. Good post.
This is a great post thanks for sharing your thoughts. I'm committed to sticking with this and am feeling really good... but yeah there are things I miss. Nice to hear I'm not alone in that. Congratulations on two years that's a huge accomplishment. 
As someone who still also misses the experience of drinking (for my own reasons) I really appreciate your honesty.  And I also know that it is absolutely not in my or others' best interest for me to do it.  ..The only other thing I'd say is that I relapsed after over 11 years sober (I really missed having good tequila or a wine tasting at my favorite local vineyard and I gave in to the longing) and it took me six long ass years to get back.  If I hadn't relapsed I'd be celebrating 19 years on May 2.  I'll happily celebrate my 801 days *and*...I live with the deep understanding that every single day's decision is crucial.
Happy 2 years! [Sparkle Cheers](https://i.imgur.com/nCZbq0l.jpg) to being fearless!
Congratulations on your two years.   I really enjoyed reading this. I also built my adult personality drunk.  Wow did that line ever jump out at me. Anyhow thank you for sharing  
