-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/83zv0c/i_need_support_tonight/

I'll try to be brief. I lied to my fianc  for over a year about my alcohol addiction. When we first met he saw that I was struggling with something sometimes (emotionally) - I chose to tell him about my mental problems (borderline personality disorder) but not the alcohol ones. So when I told him about alcohol (because it got really bad over the last 2 months and I chose not to let it get worse) he felt betrayed and got angry. He thought he was being taken advantage of because I told him about my other mental problems when I was in crisis but not alcohol. And it hurts me because - in my opinion - alcohol is a mental problem. But since I told him I was struggling with alcohol and that some of my crisis were due to BPD and some to alcohol he's been really mad at me. And I cannot stand it anymore. I have been trying really hard to find an outpatient program in the city where I live but they all meet you to end up saying that they only have inpatient programs even though you mentioned outpatient on the phone. I'm fed up. I found one which I will be starting on Wednesday but then when I told him he chose to use this tribute to tell me how upset he was about me. I'm sad and depressed. I want a drink tonight. Please tell me that not taking one is worth it
----------immediate responses--------

Not taking one is worth it. ..As alcoholics our lies hurt other people. Once they find we have violated our trust it takes time to rebuild. AlAnon might be a good resource for your fiance. r/alanon
Definitely not worth it. What a waste of 16 days it would be. It's tough to work through hard times with someone you love and alcohol seems an easy crutch but play this forward you've told him you struggle with alcohol and he's mad because you kept it from him. Actually getting sloshed now will compound the lot. At least if you're trying it will be easier to talk this through with him. We're here for you. I certainly will not drink with you today tonight or this week. I trust you can keep your head and not drink tonight.
Drinking tonight will not alleviate you sadness and depression. Take a hot shower or another method to relax your body and mind. The evening will pass either way but tomorrow will be much different depending on your choices tonight. Be well.
Hang on there. I'm fighting by your side!
Trust me you don't want to wake up tomorrow and have to reset those 16 days on your badge no matter how rough tonight is.
Nothing is so bad that drinking won't make worse.Stay strong and hang in there.You can do it.
Wow are you me? Seriously this is so similar to what I'm going through (also BPD). Take an internet hug. You are strong enough to do this and you deserve to do it. Throwing away 16 days is not worth hiding from your pain through alcohol and it would only be worse tomorrow. &lt;3 Hang in there!
Hi. You're not alone and I will not drink with you tonight. If you do have that drink I will be here tomorrow and I will not drink with you then too...I would like to acknowledge your strength and resilience. I know how frustrating it is trying to get help when there are so many obstacles. It's so hard to get treatment for mental health and addiction but there is alcohol available on every corner. In spite of this you are still resisting the overwhelming odds and that means you are strong...For now I agree with others here- take hot shower do something relaxing. Try breathing...For tomorrow if you're interested in an outpatient program have you looked at options in the sidebar? AA? SMART Recovery? Does your community have a local r/stopdrinking subreddit? There are lots of options out there. ..As someone who has also struggled with mental health issues and relationships I just want you to know you're not alone. I hope that you and your partner can work it out. Just remember that drinking will not make it better.
Drinking and BPD are a challenging combination.  I was pretty convinced prior to quitting drinking that I had BPD.  I now think that alcoholism and BPD go together like hand in glove.  The BPD won't get any better if you continue drinking there can be no doubt about that.  I'm now able to manage my depression and moods so much better. .I've even been able to avoid medication.   Therapy meditation exercise tea    and reading have been valuable tools.  Not drinking with you!
