-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8410on/struggling/

The past few days have been more white knuckle than any other point in my life. It has become mentally painful resisting the urge to drink and get high. Moreso the high part I really want to speed on ANYTHING. But booze has...was my go to for years and years prior to the amphetamines. ..Lately my entire day even in my sleep! is a constant mental obsession with going to the liquor store or picking up some sort of speed. Meth Adderall Rc's it doesn't matter I want them...I'm going on 4 months significantly longer than I've ever been sober before but it just keeps getting harder day by day. I know it's my addictions talking but this misery of the constant mental battle is tiring. Is it any way to live if it takes every ounce of self control not to do something? I know it passes and things get better and yadda yadda ya but why is it getting so mentally exhausting? Nothing is fun I hate going through the motions of the day and then at night I just get to sit and think about how those "good" feelings (manufactured or not they still feel good) are just a phone call or trip down the road away...Why continue if everyday just feels like a comedown day? I know I'm depressed but isn't everyone? When do the good feelings come? When is anything going to be fun or enjoyable? What benefit is this to me if everyday just fucking sucks?..This was more less just a post of my thoughts I felt I needed to put them down in some public form before deciding to give in and see if it helped to vent. Thanks for taking the time to read this wall of text if you did...Edit: I will not drink with you...today. Best I can do it's gotta sit on the floor and I take all the risk. (Pawn Stars reference).
----------immediate responses--------

One thing to remember is that many of us who become quickly hooked to substances like alcohol tend to be low on neurotransmitters like serotonin and experience abnormally good feelings from drinking. Consider a therapist a bit of exercise if you can get over your anhedonia (easier said than done) and something you enjoy to break your routine. Also in the winter I find taking vitamin D-3 actually improves my mood over time. It's hard but I hope you keep trying until you find what works for you. . I will not drink with you today. 
[removed]
...Today. This is what it's all about. I remember those first 6 months and the sort of painful acute depression and boredom that came with it. The initial surge of energy is gone and all the stressors and problems don't go away-- our crutch for them does. ..Listen: It gets better. So much better. I personally found that it took me the better part of a year just to start doing the deeper work of reconnecting with myself and the process is ongoing but it does. It gets easier better more rewarding the longer you take it day by day...Things that helped me a huge amount in that first year: eating healthier foods generally working on sleep and almost obsessive online chess playing. I found that movement helped a lot too. Hang in there friend. You are crushing this. I will not drink with you today!
Hey I totally won't drink with you today either! 
