-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/841w4u/tomorrow_is_my_last_shift_at_a_beer_store/

I've been here for almost a year now but I'm moving on. I'd like to reflect a little bit on it. Might be a little long...I had my last drink a couple of weeks into working here. You'd think this would be a terrible job for someone who's trying to quit and for the first couple months you'd be right. Temptation all the time but it was decent pay and a chill atmosphere and I like customer service...But the longer I worked here the more I think the store helped me stop. I'm not advocating you go get a job at your local brewery not at all. But just being here every weekend... I got to see things from the other side. Obnoxious guys already tipsy getting loud and trying to make bad jokes at me. The obvious smell of booze coming off of them in waves. Having to kick out the worst of them for starting fights or shotgunning beers out of the cooler or being so drunk they'd forget where they were and pee in the corner...And then there's the latecomers. Man the people who show up after you close the store really give me perspective. Guys pounding on the windows and door begging us to get in. Trying to bribe us with $50+ just to get one six-pack. Frat guys on their knees pleading. Women offering uh favors. A couple guys waited for me outside one night to try and fight me to muscle their way in - not to rob me just... To buy beer. God. Good thing I'm big. ..Being face-to-face with the people I was (and I people I could've been) made me never want to touch the stuff again. And the store helped me start to see beer as something I sell rather than buy - tho I'm glad to be leaving. I've had an internal moral struggle over being a booze supplier for a few months now. It's been eating at me but there was no chance of me getting a new job with only a few months until I left...I'm out of here this Friday headed way away to another town to start a job as a teacher. I'll miss my coworkers - this is the first time I've really felt like I've made friends with the people I work with and I think my sobriety had a lot to do with it. Not to mention this was the first job where I was not coming in with hangovers every week the first job where I wasn't constantly late the first job where I wasn't always scared of getting fired. The job helped me stay sober and staying sober helped me become (according to my boss) one of the best hardest working employees here. It's a far cry from being the guy who was constantly in trouble and on thin ice...I still don't recommend you go get a job at a beer store. But I think working here helped me personally a lot...I will not drink with you today tomorrow or the next. Gotta set a good example for my new class!
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent story thank you!.Man I never thought about all the latecomers at liquor stores. I've been that guy at bars at least a few times whining for one last drink after closing time. .Best of luck in the new far more rewarding career!
Congrats on the career move and 308 days!  ..Working in the industry puts us right in front of a mirror several times a day. It sounds like you really took that to heart.
This is fantastic! Congrats on the new job and 308 days! 
Soooo needed to hear this. I work in the beer industry coming up with creative ways to market and sell the thing I've decided to escape. It used to be my dream job. Craft beer festivals taproom in the office lots of excuses to drink  for work.  And though I know opportunity wasn't the real reason I chose to drink to excess I didn't start in earnest until I began working in this industry. ..My contract is up for renewal at the end of this year. I do love my colleagues and the creative aspect of the work I do. But it's only recently occurred to me that this sobriety thing might be a hell of a lot easier if I wasn't exposed to (and creating) images and words romanticizing craft beer literally hundreds of times a day. ..I've struggled to find the right job for me in the past decade. Worked in some truly toxic workplaces with some not-so-nice people. So walking away from this job is not an easy thing. But it does feel like a necessary thing. ..Thanks for helping me shift my perspective. I think I've been clinging to this job like I was clinging to drinking for so long because  it fulfills me!  But really it fulfills a need. Drinking fulfilled my need to escape the hard things I didn't want to face up to in my life. This job fulfills my need to be quirky creative work from home and get paid for it. ..The good news is I may find something that hits all those points and more outside my carefully crafted comfort zone. Or maybe I won't. But I won't be drinking so whatever comes I have a better chance handling it sober than I ever did by drinking. ..I look forward to getting to the place you are now and having the perspective to truly appreciate your choice. Best of luck to you in your new career. It sounds like you will be an amazing teacher. Lots of wisdom to impart!..
