-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/844w64/using_alcohol_to_sleep_hoping_for_some/

I've always had insomnia that comes and goes and I've used various methods to cope with it in the past. A few months ago I moved into a new apartment that is incredibly noisy (trains heavy footed upstairs neighbors cars zooming by garbage trucks in the early am) and I've been turning more and more to alcohol to sleep. I'll have a couple glasses of wine before bed and then when I wake up in the middle of the night I'll take a shot of whiskey to go back to sleep. I've been drinking nightly for about 3 weeks and wake up to the shot about 4-5 nights per week...I've read books on insomnia and I know 100% how stupid this is since alcohol interrupts your sleep but I'm finding myself struggling to use that knowledge to not drink. I'm scared this is turning into a bigger problem than insomnia. I've made the decision to not drink tonight but can anyone offer me some encouragement for keeping it up past one night? Really struggling here...Thanks guys.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. I relied on alcohol to help me sleep for years and not coincidentally I was always exhausted for the reasons you list in your post. Quitting the booze drastically reduced my anxiety which in turn helped me get better quality of sleep. I've also found that keeping my bedroom cool getting blackout curtains meditation and using a fan for white noise has helped. Good luck!
I used to drink myself to sleep too for years... alcohol definitely makes you zonk out initially but it utterly ruins the body's ability to get a properly deep and refreshing sleep and eventually you come to depend on it to go to sleep at all.... no bueno!..If moving isn't an option have you maybe tried earplugs and playing a white noise or guided relaxation track perhaps in conjunction with a natural sleep aid like melatonin or valerian?..It's worth noting that when you stop drinking it might be *harder* to fall asleep at first while the body and brain get used to the absence of booze and sleeplessness can be a big trigger for relapse... Forewarned is forearmed and all that......In the long run it's worth it though my sleep is better now than it has been for years.....Hope that helps!..I won't drink with you today - best of luck with it!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
i have struggled with insomnia my whole life and used binge drinking to help me sleep. i typically wake up every couple hours throughout the night when i'm sober and have trouble falling asleep. i've tried every natural supplement i could find chamomile tea relaxing bath salts anything that could possibly help. 5htp has helped quite a bit as it increases the production of serotonin in the brain and also has melatonin. i've read about it helping with alcohol withdrawal symptoms as well. maybe give it a shot? i wish you the best; IWNDWYT!   
I relied on alcohol for sleep too. I have bad anxiety and laying in bed with nothing to do but think never ended well. I try to do calming things before bed now. I think a bedtime routine is key. Have some relaxing sleepy tea read a book listen to some calming music. It takes a while to establish the routine but after awhile- your body will start interpreting these things as signals to prepare for sleep.
I had trouble falling asleep before but now sleep like an enchanted log. And now I start feeling sleepy at 2030/2100. It's great- no more forcing myself to go to bed. I hope you figure it out! Sober sleep is amazing
Getting used to sleeping without alcohol was a bitch for me but I developed a nightly routine that helps out quite a bit.  I take 3mg melatonin about an hour and a half before I want to fall asleep brew some chamomile tea and hangout downstairs and watch an episode of a TV show or something. After a while I eventually get drowsy enough and head to my bed and I turn on a white noise machine and I'm usually asleep within 15 minutes.  The first week or so after quitting drinking was rough but eventually I started getting real healthy sleep every night. 
The first few days are going to suck for sleep. No way around that. You've got to commit to a few nights of shitty sleep so you can start having better sleep eventually...I know you said you've tried lots of things. Does that include Benadryl? I use both Benadryl and melatonin. I know it's not ideal but it's better than all that alcohol. How's your caffeine intake? 
