-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/847tn0/not_a_real_alcoholic_mild_detox_symptoms/

I've tried researching myself but haven't had much luck. Since my last binge I've been feeling nauseas anxious no appetite headaches irregular heartbeat and getting barely any sleep. I'm feeling okay but just dealing with all of that and fogginess. Had hand tremors for a couple days but they're gone now. Is this my body detoxing? It's happened before but I've always ended up drinking again. I'm assuming this'll wear off. ..I've struggled with substance abuse for many years but only just recently acknowledged it as abusive. I was never one to drink alone every day. I didn't drink to get through the day though I have gone to work drunk and high from the night before many many times. I typically only drink with people with one person or a group it didn't matter. One thing that always lead me back to drinking was the belief the flawed belief that I'm not a real alcoholic. Of all the AA meetings that I've been to the majority of the people are older and had many years of addiction under their belts. They would drink every single day and I never identified with their stories. Now that I'm in a group that is more focus on young people I feel more comfortable and like a relate. I guess they called me a high bottom alcoholic. Has anyone else felt like this?..Just to clarify I know that alcoholism comes in many forms and is really just... if you identify you have a problem then you have a problem.
----------immediate responses--------

All the symptoms you listed will pass. It took me round 10 days to feel better. Just keep yourself hydrated. ..I believed I didn't have a problem cause I didn't "look" like one. I didn't loose anything nearly significant thank God. I hear  that if 1 meeting doesn't fit with you try out a different one. Or you can hang here. There's always plenty of support. I wish you the best   ..I will not drink with you today 
When I went to rehab my counselor asked me a few questions that helped me decide. .1. Do I sometimes drink when I say I'm not going to?  2. When I drink am I able to control the amount I take?  3. When I'm not drinking am I thinking about drinking? 4. Have I ever gotten in trouble while drinking? 5. Have I ever gotten into trouble sober?  When I answered yes to all except number 5  I came to terms of the fact I'm alcoholic and accepted their outline for a plan of action. Hope that helps it did for me. IWNDWYT 
Yeah - after having the 'am I or aren't I' debate with myself enough times I've realized it kinda doesn't matter at least not to me. You don't have to be profoundly depressed to benefit from therapy; you don't have to be morbidly obese to want to get in shape. So I figure you don't need to be a capital-a Alcoholic to know you're drinking more than you want to be - or to do something about it. ..(I also can't see myself getting comfortable at AA for a lot of the reasons you mentioned; this subreddit is more my kind of space.)..
The gray area alcoholic is what I call myself. I went to work every day I made sure my kids where always fed clothed and had a roof over our head's. I ran a small business had employees lots a responsibility every day to deal with. How could I be an alcoholic? I mean shit me you godda be kidding me right? I only drink beer!..Yet I was drinking 10-15 beers a night almost every night when I really wanted to get fucked up I started with a few long island ice teas then preceded to drink myself into black out. But me a drunk no way not a chance!..These are the lies a alcohol washed brain will tell you to keep the demons fed and happy. I just got tired of the day to day lies I was telling myself. I not going to drink today only to head straight to the store for beer tomorrow I will stop I'm just gonna drink a few.         
I thought I was not a "real" alcoholic for years until I had my first seizure from quitting. Don't let yourself fall for that trap like I did. It's your brain trying to convince you to drink more or at least it was for me.
My friend is in AA and he's only been drinking a year unfortunately mixing with benzos so he's doing regretful stuff often.  Weekly blackouts stealing  waking up in piss and vomit alienating tons of his friends in a group chat that's been active for years. .Pretty much being an asshole daily and it just started out of nowhere; randomly one day chose to be the worst person until his friend's hated him. He has no desire to change or admit it's a problem.  ..Meanwhile my dads been drinking nightly for 40 years and admits he hates being an alcoholic even though he is high functioning. He hates the fact that he drinks no particular reasons at all other than he knows its not what normal people do.  Any one can call themselves an alcoholic as long as they regret boozing. It still boggles my mind that some of my friends call themselves an alcoholic for drinking a couple beers every weekend though... Personally once you start having withdrawals is when you your body literallly tells you it's time to quit forever  even if you have no awful rock bottom stories. 
