-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/849mkh/moderation_or_quit/

I've quit drinking for 5 days now. In the past I've been able to stop drinking for up to 4 weeks without much struggle. I'm really undecided on whether drinking in moderation or quitting all together is the right decision for me. ..I drink four days a week on average. Most of those days are a couple beers and Friday is usually a pretty heavy drinking day with multiple mixed drinks and beers. I'll binge drink once every month or two where I don't remember much the next day and have some pretty bad withdrawal symptoms. Those binge drinking episodes are obviously the problematic days that I'd like to remove. ..I know that everyone's situation is different I guess I'm just venting and exploring. In the meantime I'm not drinking today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Moderation was misery for me. I loved drinking and having just a little was the worst tease. I'm better without it in my life at all. 
Doesn't really sound like moderate drinking.. I suppose sticking to the health guidelines for maximum drinks is the best way to decide how much you can drink without giving yourself liver disease and such.  I would imagine anyways.  I couldn't do that... when I saw them I laughed.  What?!  But that's just me.  That's why I'm sticking around here to stop I wouldn't do it that way.  Check it out though maybe it'll work for you 
When I started to crave alcohol daily I knew I was in trouble. I tried moderation in all kinds of ways - only drinking during on weekends only two drinks only big occasions but I broke the rules every single time. ..Maybe for you see how hard you need to police yourself when you're moderating. If you can have a drink or two and stop and move on without obsessing over wanting more - cool. If you find yourself more focused on the alcohol - I'd stop. ..Welcome either way. 
Frankly it was just much easier for me to quit all together than do moderation. The effort to not drink any more after whatever arbitrary rule I set for myself that night was Herculean. Constantly worrying about if I was or was not going to drink that day and if so how many the guilt associated with going over said arbitrary rule etc etc. ..I am getting exhausted just recalling it and typing it out. It was a constant anxiety-inducing struggle. I don't have to worry about it anymore which is a huge relief. 
I started out wanting to moderate and drastically cut down my drinking to within UK guidelines and stuck at that for a couple of months. But like others have already said I just found that moderating took up too much time: deciding to have a drink knowing how many units that drink counted as logging it in the Drinkaware app. It just felt that I was constantly thinking about drinking even on the days that I wasn't so for now I've decided to switch to total abstinence and so far it has been much easier.
