-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84k0hn/maybe_im_not_so_unstable/

I've been sober for almost five months. So much has healed in that time. I'm beginning to wonder if some of my previously diagnosed mental health issues were actually alcohol-related or alcohol-induced...I had my first bout of depression at 16. I started drinking at 17. All throughout my twenties I struggled with anxiety and depression. They diagnosed me with Bipolar disorder possible Borderline Personality Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder. I lost a lot of friends over the years. I had 4 stays in psychiatric facilities. I had a suicide attempt about 2 years ago. I know...I sound like a hot mess. I guess I WAS. And yet throughout all this I went to college then went to work maintained my running and writing and social life. I thought I was just one of those people who would have to deal with mental health issues forever...Now that I'm sober I no longer feel that I can barely make it through the day. I have some anxiety but it's not overwhelming. Most of my relationships are doing well. I still don't like mornings but I deal with it...Even when I wasn't drinking daily (maybe just on weekends) I wonder if somehow alcohol was still affecting me emotionally. Has anyone had this experience? 
----------immediate responses--------

Each time you quit drinking and try to sober up you in through withdrawal. Alcohol affects gaba and when quit drinking your body has to readjust it self. Most people that quit drinking that drank regularly or were heavy drinking go through PAWS. Post Accute Withdrawal Syndrome. It takes some time to get your brain chemistry back in line. It's likely that those days in between not drinking you chemistry was still off. Hang in there. Congrats on almost 4 months! 
This is a Very Good Point.  I fully agree.  Alcohol changed my emotional landscape somehow.  Looking far back I think I didn't perceive a change because it was more or less gradual and at the beginning where I should have started to notice the change there was a lot of emotion surrounding my very first drinking experiences.  I missed what was really happening.  Huh.  Wow I really went in deep there.  .Well.  I'm tired now thanks for giving me this chance to reflect back I appreciate it.      I did not drink with you today 
I was having some anxiety issues that seemed to be getting worse. It got better when I stopped but not sure if I am completely in the clear. Been feeling down sometimes and a few weeks ago I was feeling shitty enough to reach out to a friend. Not sure if it has anything to do with longer term withdrawal don't know if I was drinking enough for that. (maybe 25-35 drinks a week for 2-3 years less frequently before then) The doctor just suggested getting enough exercise and recommended a special lamp that is supposed to replicate sunshine. I've been feeling reasonably okay the last few weeks so that is good.
The thing is if we do have underlying issues we're in such a better position to handle them than if we're drinking. I too have exercised for depression and it helps. But when I was drinking towards the end I could've cared less. Maybe your brain is still adjusting itself to not having alcohol? I've heard it can even take a year for brain chemistry to return to baseline...I hope you continue to feel better. I don't know where you live but here spring is coming so that always helps my mood. Let's keep moving...we're going in the right direction.
I posted something super similar yesterday. I totally know how you feel. I'm so glad you feel this way too. These thoughts also hit me at 5 months just like you.  .
