-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84k4ry/fianc _less_than_1_month_sober_wants_to_drink_at/

Sorry for the novel; looking for some advice thanks in advance. ...After a number of escalating incidents my fianc  recently decided to stop drinking at the very least until our wedding in May potentially for longer. I am completely in support of this an have also stopped drinking in solidarity and to make sure he doesn't have any temptation in the house. ...His friends - all of whom drink but only some to a problematic level - are throwing him a surprise bachelor weekend and he wants to drink while there. ...His arguments are; .- That it's s once in a lifetime experience which is supposed to symbolize the end of  that life  and won't lead to relapse. .- Was a surprise which would be rude to turndown completely but he has already said no bars or clubs just the boys at one of their houses playing video games etc. thus would be a safe environment in which to drink since no one will be driving or going out anywhere. .- They won't be drinking in excess just splitting a case between the 5 of them. ...On one hand I understand these arguments and agree with some of them such as it being rude to turn down entirely. I don't understand fully why drinking has to be involved. I know that he has fun with these guys sober I've seen it and I'm worried it's just another excuse to start up again. He and a few of the other guys attending have major self control issues once they've had a few and I'm not convinced they wouldn't go out for more beer after drinking the first 24. ...I've already told him I support him in his sobriety but this is ultimately his choice and voiced my concerns about a relapse. Despite this he is confident it will be a one time thing specifically related to the once in a life time opportunity of a bachelor party. ...I haven't struggled with this type of addiction but from my experience with other addiction and family members with addiction plus his history of  quitting  finding some excuse ( it's the holidays! ) and seriously relapsing I have trouble believing that this really will be a one time thing. I guess that's the really long winded way of asking your advice as people who have experienced this first hand. Should I be worried or is this really a one off? How can I best make sure he doesn't miss out on the fun of a bachelor party and still support him in his sobriety? 
----------immediate responses--------

Short answer: if he wants to go back to drinking for *insert reason here* and it's been less than a month of sobriety... you kinda just have to let him do what he will unfortunately. Maybe let him know all of the positives you've seen from his sobriety and remind him of the reasons why he went sober to begin with.. he hasn't been sober long at all. It doesn't look well for his  long term  sobriety if he's already looking for reasons to jump ship. I wish you the best! 
You should be worried. 
its a tough situation but I would say that you just need to let him make those choices and you already voiced your concerns which is great but now it's a waiting game.  I would also advise not getting made at him that night if he does get more drunk than promised because it could just cause a fight when he is drunk and we all know how drunk fighting goes.  But yeah he knows how you feel and you can show him and tell him how you feel if he fucks up and doesn't stop or brings up those types of "special excuses."  I hope things work out for you.  Congrats on getting married
This is a tough situation. I had to find the willingness myself to truly change and maintain my sobriety. 
There is an Al-anon reddit sub. If you haven't already I'd post there. I wish you the best. IWNDWYT 
I've done this (not a bachelor party but I get where he's coming from) So I had been doing pretty good up until the last day at my old job and had already planned I would drink on my last day. Anyways I did and I didn't drink too much no problem. But then I started to think Oh i can moderately drink I guess I dont have a problem. And I proceeded to drink (even at my worst I didn't drink everyday and this is a pretty good way to convince your self and others you dont have a problem) So I would drink every 2 to 3 ish days and each time the volume increased. I realized that since the day I left work I had proceeded to get worse. Anyways I came back  on SD and kept at it. Now I'm at 16 and I plan on keeping it going. Sorry this a really long rambley answer but point is let him make his decision and see what happens.  If he does drink and then afterwords he gets cocky maybe show him this post. I hope this helps! He's lucky to have you! 
Life is full of once in a lifetime opportunities to celebrate drunkenly. Deciding to cut them out is part of the battle. If you are worried that your future life together hinges on his sobriety let him know that. But this doesn't seem like a deal breaker. For some people (not me but others on this sub) cutting back is the main goal. Total abstinence isn't for everyone.
