-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84nwcr/relapsed_a_few_days_ago_jumping_right_back_on_the/

I had made it over ten days- the longest I've ever made it. And then I chose to drink..Why?.It was sunny outside..It was the first really nice day this year and I kept thinking  it would feel so good to have a beer in the sun! That used to be so fun! I cant imagine a whole summer without drinking. I actually don't have to go a whole summer without drinking if I can moderate. Of course I can moderate I just CHOSE to go ten days with no beer I can CHOOSE to just have two! .So after I got off of work I met my friends. They were already drunk. One of them had cocaine and after several beers I almost did that with him! I don't remember at what point (or pint) I chose to throw moderation out the window. I ended up in a blackout made an ass out of myself  and spent the next sunny beautiful day holed up in my room. Talk about missing out on summer  .I didn't drink yesterday and I will not drink today- the only thing I can think to do is identify my triggers and recognize the bullshit thought patterns that I caved into so that I don't do it in the future..All the grey and sadness and shame and anxiety that had started to lift came back and is still weighing on me..To anyone thinking about having just a little it's the same bullshit just waiting to take over again. Being sober is not missing out. It wasn't enjoyable and I wasn't able or willing to moderate. Big surprise..Some parts of this journey have been so encouraging and beautiful and exciting and then sometimes it just feels so hard- like a battle that will never end..But the small bit of self-worth and hope for the future that I've started to feel even with just 2ish weeks of sobriety make me want to keep going. I can do this I want to do this. I've heard it gets easier- hopefully I'll get smarter. I don't want to listen to the rationalization and justification of my addiction any longer. My addiction is running out of good points! The justification for drinking isn't even logical anymore!.Hopefully this relapse will make me more committed. I don't want to give up. I have lost enough of my life to this abusive self-destructive shit. I will not drink with you today. :)
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
&gt; Of course I can moderate I just CHOSE to go ten days with no beer I can CHOOSE to just have two!  ..After 15 years of continuous sobriety I had a similar thought (I had fallen away from AA meetings etc.)--and unlike you I spent 7 years in relapse HELL.  I lost nearly everything material that I thought mattered to me and I ended up in federal prison.  Good on you for recognizing the insanity of that sort of thinking.  Sober now 8 1/2 years I can have a thought like that and see it for what it is and for the life-threatening peril that it presents for me.  Unfortunately I found it true that I was a slow learner and quick forgetter.  Active recovery in my case AA meetings helps me with that.  Good luck to you.
Inspiring post ! Thanks 
 "and spent the next sunny beautiful day holed up in my room. Talk about missing out on summer"..THIS! For every "beautiful" Spring or Summer day that I "deserved" to drink....I probably missed out on 3 more. I wouldn't have the energy or spontananity to say to my kids "cmon we are going to the park or the pool or wherever". It just robbed me of so many of those beautiful days...
