-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84o1f7/hoping_it_gets_better/

I commented a little here and there about my struggles lately...but thought I would write an actual post in hopes of finding some support or words of wisdom. I'm almost 3 months without alcohol and I'm finding it harder and harder lately..When I first stopped drinking I definitely had the pink cloud effect...felt great was optimistic and overall I felt happier and healthier. I kind of expected to come down at some point. But for the last month or so I've felt like shit. Tired. Stressed. Having so much trouble handling anything and everything- my kids my job my finances people- even getting dressed in the morning can send me spiraling!.I was doing better with exercising trying to get back on track with that. Trying to drink lots of water rest and eat healthy. But man lately I just wish I could GET REALLY DRUNK AND BLOW OFF SOME STEAM! .I'm riding it out and hoping I feel better soon. Not sure if this is common or if I should do something different. Any advice commiserating or funny jokes welcome. 
----------immediate responses--------

Something similar happened to me... I was so used to having that instant decompress switch and at first I felt great and didn't need it but then "life" kept happening and I had no other tools build up. I didn't know how to relax after work or anything without alcohol...As I continued to not drink I found new coping mechanisms. But what really helped me was checking out AA. The IRL support of other sober alcoholics the fellowship (like going out to dinner or movies with and calling other alcoholics) these things also helped me find other tools for dealing with life...Good luck!
Yeah don't worry its normal. It'll subside it'll come back then it will subside again untill there's a baseline. What i tried was up my baseline. I come down every once in a while but when i go up i used it to up my baseline by creating better habits making productive plans. Then when i go down again that baseline has been set higher. Kindoff like going two steps up one down just remember to get two steps up again after :) its a tedious process sometimes but it sure beats letting the drink getting you two steps down and then two steps down again :) its also how most of the regulars live life apparently :) Took me some time before i got it but bad days are a normal thing and we as recently sober people need to get aquanted to real emotions again so it all seems a bit overwhelming at times. I look at it like i'm a 33 year old teenager again. I have some of the "young adult wisdom" of the 28-35 year old but the emotional side boy oh boy do i need to learn to accept and cope with them :) . AT eight months now and lemme tell ya and i hate to sound like a soundboard but it does get better. I felt like shit for three days now but still feelin' better than i used to feel on a daily basis...I don't have a funny joke but there's this guy that jumped out of an airplane without a parachute and landed in a pile of cardboard boxes on purpose.
My last sober streak was 3 months last year and I've really been struggling to get back to it after relapsing the regret of giving in has been tough. My downfall at the time was not having another coping mechanism in place like the others mentioned. Perhaps look at upping your exercise routine? Maybe try a new class or something just anything to distract you from this difficult period really. Don't let your sober lows get the better of you!
Hi sober twin! I feel you on this. I have had a few days of not feeling quite right - feeling a bit off (and sort of  pre-lapsy ) ....I have let myself be  tired and grumpy . I told my husband and kids how I was feeling - that in itself was helpful. I said the serenity prayer a lot and tried to identify very specific things I could or could not change so that I kept things in perspective - I did go to a meeting and reached out to a sober friend to share. For me - just putting those uncomfortable and crummy feelings out there keeps me from the demons in my head that are are clearly trying to get me to drink. I have a workout planned for Saturday morning and tried to schedule my weekend to keep me busy with good things. Keep up the good fight - iwndwyt 
I have been going to meetings for a while....this is my third solid go at not drinking - I went to meetings in the past but never connected with people or identified - I was always a  comparer  - as in  well - I'm not that bad ....this time - I have worked hard (individual therapy for about a year) and finally feel different - I try not to compare - I have made a few good friendships and try and walk away from each meeting (3 a week) with one nugget - if I get more - Great - but I am ok with one hour of listening and keeping my head in the game - at least I am not drinking and not  pre lapsing  on my own. I have just made them part of my game plan. Btw - there are some meetings I like much better than others - I did a lot of exploring before I settled on my few! Hang in there...iwndwyt- have an awesome day!!!
