-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84phsy/ive_hit_the_five_year_mark_a_few_weeks_ago_thanks/

I just want to drop in and say that I still struggle at times but my decision to stop has brought me to a much better place in life. When i started this journey a very good friend of mine literally laughed in my face when i told him i put the bottle down. We drank together a lot and i mean a lot for many many years. ...I'm from a long long line of drunks. My family fits the Irish stereotype perfectly it seems. My father was such a bad drunk he destroyed his mind due malnutrition while on drunken benders. He died in 2014 at 63 from years of drinking and smoking.  Korsakof syndrome is one of the worst things that can arise from severe alcoholism. I watched my father's mind slip away due to the syndrome. He was never the same. ...I'm healthier happier and continue to spend less. Remember if you slip and have a drink we will still be here for you to start again. Not drinking will always be the best choice. It has been a crazy five years but I made it and plan to continue and so should you. ...Thanks for all of your support.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats man..I cant even imagine... yet 
Amazing inspiring story thanks for posting. Gives me hope. Huge well done.  
Congratulations...Funny. I've *never* heard of anyone ever who had regrets about giving up drinking...There must be something to it then ya think? :)
Congratulations on holding on to your freedom for 5 years I wish you many more!      
[removed]
Thats awesome you're an inspiration. .Question time (if you don't mind :) ) How do you feel the past three years compare to the first two? I have a decent(ish) idea of what the first two look like what to expect and how to prepare but the years after are a bit vague. Is it accepting the new you finding new things still coming to terms with the new you etc ? I know its all one day at a time and all but looking and researching ahead has helped me avoid a lot of pitfalls and got me through some though patches so i'd really appreciate you replying to this...My sincere and honest congratz again you've done a remarkable thing and i wish you all the best in your future endeavors..
Way to go!
Congratulations very inspiring!!!
