-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84qtgb/how_do_you_forgive_yourself/

I recently relapsed. I am on my 4th day sober again but this time around I am overwhelmed with feelings of shame and regret. Not just for this relapse but for all the stupid things I have said and done while drunk. For the important people in my life I was drunk and a fool in front of. I can't shake it and I'm struggling. Does anyone have any advice? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's all fuel for the fire .Self improvement requires motivation from somewhere why not from a burning desire to be a better human? ..I feel like when I look at the ways I don't want to be and I feel the damage done I get inspired in the ways I am capable to be instead and the better ways I can affect people.    it's a matter of perspective for me.   Bad things can become compost for the things we would rather grow in future.
I think it is part of the process.  I went through a long phase of bawling about everything and deep remorse about my kids.  But I am not doing my kids any favors by beating the crap out of myself on and on.  I quit drinking to feel better and you deserve to feel better too.  But I just let it run its course honestly.  I mean I didn't like it but I thought it was to be expected.
So here's the deal. In order to use this guilt and pain as an  incentivizer' to not relapse again you have to make sure it's not beating you SO low that you no longer have a platform of self worth to stand on...All credit to brene brown here- in one of her books she talks about how men who have been charged with domestic violence are notorious for not attending  domestic violence meetings  but they WILL attend  anger management.  She explains that in order to heal or pick yourself back up from a low place- you have to have some grasp on the good or potential for good within you...Do not toil in guilt and shame. Use it grow from it and know that you are already no longer the person who relapsed a couple days ago. Growth in recovery is that exponential.
Because one day of consumption can always stop. Earn forgiveness from yourself by making it an isolated incident...
[removed]
I don't have much advice just internet hugs from another recent relapse. Meditation has been extremely helpful to me for managing those negative feelings and thoughts. I got started with the book "The Mindful Way Through Depression". Stay strong we're here for you! 
