-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84wl95/3_years_today/

I'm celebrating 3 years sobriety today and just wanted to share my gratitude and my hope. I was devastated when I finally saw that I had to stop drinking. I could NOT commit to forever I only told myself I would get through the next few days. I didn't see how I would ever be able to enjoy a dinner out with friends a weekend a movie or anything without alcohol. ..I am happy to report that after three years sobriety the idea of drinking again strikes fear into my heart. I never want to go back out there. I can see now how lonely I was how broken and full of self-hatred. Today my relationship with my family is restored I have true friendships I perform better at work... What I struggle to put into words is the INTERNAL change I have experienced. I don't hate myself anymore. I don't wake up wishing I could just sleep all day. I don't dread time alone because I'm not afraid of the voice in my head anymore. I love my life I'm happy to be here. ..I credit this internal change largely to AA's fellowship and 12 steps but the first step on my journey was this community. I love you all and wish you all the best.
----------immediate responses--------

Three years is ***AMAZING!!!*** Congratulations! 
Very inspiring!  Thank you for being here and helping others on this journey!
Wow- so wonderful to read! Thank you for the inspirational post!! 
This is so inspiring! 3 years seems unreal to me now but I'm going to take it one day at a time.  Congratulations!
Huge congrats to you! Thanks for sharing your celebration with us. What you describe is what I hope for myself one day. You're my inspiration to not drink today   
I'm happy you took the time to allow yourself this wonderful real life . 
Huge congrats. I can relate to everything you said there. Life is just better when you're not tethered by a poison demon. I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations!! 
Wonderful!   Good for you. Inspiring. Mahalo  
I absolutely love your post. Congrats &amp; thank you for sharing. I'm so happy when I see people where you are &lt;3
Yay!  Way to go.  Three years is awesome.
Get it! So awesome!
congrats!
Congrats on 3 years! It just gets better as time goes on. 
Congratulations three years is really amazing!
Way to go! 
I'm almost 4 months and experiencing the internal shift now...every day is more and more transformation and tons of positive spiritual  (non religious) growth!! I love my life...and i love every day sober. Congratulations on all of your success and sharing your story 
great news!
Congrats!..&gt; What I struggle to put into words is the INTERNAL change I have experienced. I don't hate myself anymore. I don't wake up wishing I could just sleep all day. I don't dread time alone because I'm not afraid of the voice in my head anymore. I love my life I'm happy to be here...This this this. I never imagined I could have the peace of mind that I have now. 
Congrats and continued success to you
