-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84wwt3/day_85_so_close_to_100_but_so_tempted_need_help/

Reading all these posts on r/stopdrinking has really inspired me. However I've noticed something slightly different from me from others - while most people seem to be completely happy and have no regrets with their decision I'm on the verge of relapsing...I try to rationalize by all the positives that have happened so far - less dehydrated younger/cleaner looking skin cleansed liver better sleep etc. Yet for whatever reason I keep telling myself "once I hit 100 I'm going to start drinking again moderately"...It seems like most if not all people have zero intention of going back after committing to quitting once and for all but me I feel extremely antsy otherwise. Would really appreciate any help and guidance to keep this streak going strong. No excuses but I should also add two other notes: 1. I live in an area where drinking culture is extremely heavy and popular (Manhattan NYC). and 2. It's my birthday soon (I'm in my early-mid twenties and needless to say 95% of my friends and peers drink). ..On a related note - it seems like everyone's life has turned into something extraordinarily amazing once they quit drinking. Me I feel like despite the positives I acknowledged it hasn't been a "big deal" for me yet nothing life changing. - this is by no means me trying to diminish the magnitude of an achievement rather I haven't found my own "ah-ha!" moment where I know that quitting permanently without looking back is the choice I want to take 100%..Yours truly.A struggling and unwise kid hoping to make the right choice
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
It's good to reach out. We are very close in sober days. .You are not alone in feeling this way. I have been feeling tempted as well. I am trying to think back on how out of control my drinking was and how much better I feel now..I read the DSM-5 on alcohol use disorder and I have a moderate to severe AUD. I know I am not good at moderating..I'm considering going to my first A.A. meeting soon just to strengthen my resolve. It helps me to talk to others about this..At this point I am going one day at a time. I know I won't regret not drinking but there is a high likelihood of regret if I start again..I don't have a ton of wisdom to share but wanted you to know you're not alone!.  .Happy early birthday  
&gt; it seems like everyone's life has turned into something extraordinarily amazing once they quit drinking..That's not true. Mine hasn't really changed other than alcohol is gone which has improved my life. You have to work to create an extraordinary life. I just now starting to get some momentum going to improve my life.  
Being 3+ months into sobriety is quite an achievement in and of itself. Positive life changes happen slowly. Be patient. When I start wavering about my decision to quit forever I always remind myself of the brain chemistry aspect of drinking vs. not drinking. In 100 days your brain has worked hard to slowly replenish the valuable neurotransmitters that alcohol had replaced for all of those years. Research has shown it takes at least a year to get back to normal after quitting. Just *one* relapse has the potential of reversing everything back to Day 1. I don't know about you but there is no amount of fun or pleasure one night of drinking could provide that would be worth that. [The Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) is another related aspect that scares the shit out of me and reminds me drinking isn't worth it.    .I guarantee you there are hundreds of thousands of folks just like you in NYC that find fun sober things to do. Indeed you will lose some of your drinking buddies but your true friends will remain. When I quit drinking I found bars to be boring as shit. Duh. I make my friends do other stuff with me. You can figure it out!
I feel like reading this post your reasons for happiness with your sobriety this far are the physical manifestations of cleaner living.  What about the mind/spirit parts?  I have learned through research that change works best when mind body and spirit are aligned towards the same goal in agreement with each other.  ..Like if I'm working to achieve a certain goal but even one of these parts is heading in a totally different direction than the others Im not yet prepared and ready to achieve.. so there's still more time and work necessary to get that other part or parts into agreement.  Depending on which part is behind is where I need to focus my attention.  Does that make sense?.I will not drink with you today   
Most of us who've tried to moderate have realized it just doesn't work. If you've had reason to stop in the first place you probably aren't going to succeed at moderating. I'm sorry you're not seeing the amazing life that you would like to have just yet but I guarantee resumption of drinking even moderately will not help you get there. Good luck young friend. .
