-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84y8f9/feeling_anxious_about_a_situation_tomorrow_and/

Hi guys I've been relying on this community pretty strongly after making the decision to stop drinking. I made it ten days and then drank a lot with my friend three nights ago..I am still committed to quitting and want to move past this slip-up or relapse as smoothly as possible..I'm having a little trouble at the moment. Yesterday I had a panic attack it wasn't that severe but I haven't had one in a while so it was a little unnerving. I don't know if it was physical withdrawal or if it was caused because I am so stressed out about having drank after finally getting on the right track..Although I've had no other withdrawal symptoms- no shaking or nausea or anything- I convinced myself that the panic might be because I had drank again and then stopped abruptly and that it might progress into worse symptoms if I didn't drink. I ended up having half a drink yesterday because I thought maybe tapering would be healthier than quitting cold turkey. .I don't want to taper it was really hard to quit at half a drink and not even an enjoyable experience I just get obsessive thoughts when my anxiety is heightened because of the nature of anxiety and the things I've read about the severity of alcohol withdrawal..I guess what I am looking for is for someone to tell me that panic attacks don't lead to seizures or death and that I am completely fine quitting cold turkey if i recently made it ten days without any ill effects :) I know nobody can really tell me that besides a doctor..I cant afford the copay right now and I do feel like I'm overreacting..I'm nervous because I am working all morning tomorrow with this same friend. Being around him is a big trigger because we have been codependent drinking buddies for a long time and he has no intention of quitting or slowing down..The craving is worse around him and that leads to more anxiety. Then the racing thoughts convince me that I am experiencing withdrawal and I should actually have a drink. By the time we get off of work and he invites me to the bar I'm so worked up that i feel like I  need  a drink. Then the drink leads to another blackout..I'm not sure what I am asking- I guess I'm wondering if anyone resonates with these feelings and thoughts if the anxiety I am experiencing is normal and if you have any coping mechanisms that have worked for you while being in a triggering situation. I can't avoid this particular friend while working..I'm also hoping just getting these thoughts out there in a forum I respect will help to hold me accountable tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

From lots of what I've read here increased anxiety is common in early sobriety. I'm certainly experiencing it myself this week and I'm also on medication for it. ..Have you had a conversation with this friend about wanting to be sober? If you're comfortable enough it might be helpful to get his support (even if he isn't planning on quitting). ..I won't drink with you today! 
Not a doctor but if you just survived ten days sober it doesn't sound like the life-threatening "must drink to survive" physical withdrawal to me if it were you'd need to go see a doctor. ..Psychological dependence is another beast. Panic attacks again should be treated by a doctor and not by the local liquor store...Once I stopped drinking the professionals helped me to discover that my real problem was anxiety and they got me on this program: https://www.actmindfully.com.au/acceptance_&amp;_commitment_therapy..I recommend it to the anxious among us...Good luck! I'm pulling for you.
I used to relapse cronically. Quit on Monday drunk by Thursday. Like clockwork. And I didn't feel anxiety like you're describing but the few days sober in between I was anxious and depressed. I'm not a doctor so I won't say that going cold turkey won't do X and Y but I would still recommend it. If you really feel like it's medically unsafe console your doctor...One thing I wanna ask is what are you going to do differently today yourself to help with the cravings and anxiety? Maybe go for a run to get the jitters out or meditate or read outside? I would recommend trying something different that can help you stay sober. Maybe think of a plan or excuses to not go drinking with friends?..You got this man. Just stay sober today.
I had panic attacks when I was newly sober.  And for some weeks after I was sober. I didn't recognize the extent to which I had done considerable damage to my brain and body and it took some time to fully recover--including for anxiety attacks to fade.  They did with sustained time sober.  In fact 90% of all my life problems including anxiety and depression disappeared within the first year of sobriety.  I'm not saying that's everyone's experience but it was mine.  I can say that in my experience nearly everyone I know who got sober and stayed sober improved their lives including things like panic anxiety and depression if only because they did ultimately get appropriate medical intervention and didn't destroy the effectiveness of meds or treatment with alcohol.  Good luck to you.
Yeah.. no I'm pretty sure that isn't withdrawal at this point.  That's anxiety being exacerbated by your booze-hungry addiction while being in a high risk environment.  If you are interested in quitting Can you slow down and focus on two things:  there's drinking and not drinking.  Those two things.  Either one or the other.  Simple.  No in-betweens no grey areas.  ..I work with an alcoholic all day too.  At a brewery.  I watch how his day goes and it's varying degrees of not pretty.  Helps keep me on track.  I do not no matter what happens let myself drink.  No matter what.  One day at a time.  I commit in the morning and follow through.  It gets to a point when it's not so hard to keep that promise if you don't feed the addiction any booze though.  Then it gets to a point where it's nice to keep that promise.  That's just how it works for me.  Courage self discipline.  I will not drink with you today 
