-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/84z35k/the_last_time_i_relapsed_i_was_asked_so_what_are/

...which was a *great* question. That last time all the way back in September led me to my best "run"---90 days. This was because I started actually *going* to get help---AA posting here everyday. It did a lot. It kept me on track helped me focus. Then for a variety of "reasons"---most of which come down to the fact that alcohol is tricky and I understand myself as "needing" it on some level---I relapsed again. I was looking at my life---sick father estranged family very little social network unemployed unsuccessful---and told myself that if now wasn't the time to be a drunk when was?..Today for the first time in a while I feel like getting back on the horse sincerely. And why? Partially because for a change I dragged my hungover shameful ass to a morning meeting and because I spent the morning apologizing to the person who had to deal with my the night before. I put it back on the table...So what am I doing different this time? Why do I feel more confident about my chances? For one I now *choose* to believe---absolutely no question---that I am a good person sober. Before I used to look at the things I did drunk and wonder where the "root" of those actions were in my sober self. That's still a good thing to look at but I used to use it to basically beat myself up until all I thought I was good for was drinking. I know one thing---every major problem I have is exacerbated by alcohol and I take on weird new ones when I drink. I dread my behavior before I drink and I regret it after I drink. That shows me very clearly that I'm being played---by something that's not me. But I can overcome it. And this is important to me: for about a year I have not been able to look in the mirror and say "I'm a good person" and mean it. And it's hard to feel yourself worthy of change if you can't do that...And because of that I can see clearly that it's in fact *because* I'm in a bad place that I need to full on *stop*drinking right now. Because even if I drink apocalyptically just because of the situation it only makes it worse and worse. New rock bottoms. When I start to think my most tempting thought---but what will you do when everything is great and you want to have a good time?---well that's far off and basically irrelevant to me right now...This is a kind of weird feeling and I'm sorry for the long post. But weirdly it's not the pink cloud---I'm still sick and hungover. I got a glimpse of how great sobriety could be again this morning. I've got the resources I've got a new mindset. I'm here for a bright day. I'm not drinking with you all today especially anyone who actually got through all of this lol.
----------immediate responses--------

I read every word and I will not drink with you today! Good on you. I believe in you and send you my best wishes 
You can do this. 
I read the whole thing!  I feel the same way!  I want to go to sleep now but I'm replaying my worst behavior in my head.
You hit rock bottom when you put the shovel down and stop digging. Good job setting that shovel down...I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Good post!  I'm ready not to drink with you today 
