-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/851ed0/monday_is_my_quit_date/

I didn't realize how this poison had crept up on me until it was too late. I've long struggled with drinking too much but I never realized I had an actual physical dependency on it until recently. A month or two ago I gave up the booze and experienced horrible withdrawal symptoms. ..I was/am horrified in the position I allowed myself to become. I contacted my GP I was honest (really truly honest) on how much I drink my goals and my symptoms. ..They prescribed me 1mg Lorazepam/Ativan for 7 days/ .5mg for 7 days. And also Naltrexone. I'm starting on Monday as my SO and I have a planned vacation. ..Can you all share with my your experiences detoxing at home with medicine and/or with a sober partner?.
----------immediate responses--------

I found myself in the office of a doctor who specializes in addictions medicine after a brutal binge and saying "I can't do this anymore." It was the best decision I've ever made. I spent the night in the ER until I was stable enough to go home. I was then on Valium for a week or so and began taking gabapentin for cravings. My partner quit when I did after seeing the hell that is serious withdrawal. I wish you the best. You can do this!
Can't share my experiences on detoxing as I am lucky enough to never really suffer bad physical withdrawals (save a bit of brain fog) but I just wanted to say the last time I was successfully sober for a bit it happened because I was away on vacation. There was plenty of opportunity to drink (seaside resort town) but just being away from my every day and really focusing on staying sober so I could enjoy the holiday travelling around and day to day interactions and out-of-the-norm activities really helped! It was like taking a vacation from useless-drunk-old-me! One thing that is really helpful for me when drying out is vitamin B; the type you disolve in water and drink like a fizzy drink once a day. Stay hydrated! .I hope you have a successful time too and that you have a easy time of it. Sounds like you are on the right track! 
In my experience setting a date to stop drinking inevitably leads to me continuing to drink 
Only take the Ativan when needed. Do not take more than needed I repeat no not take more than needed. Ativan won't make you feel much but it will help you through the withdrawals for the first 3-5 days. After that try to taper the Ativan usage so you don't rely on it as much. Only AS NEEDED! If you continue to take Ativan for more than a couple weeks you might easily be hooked on it. I detoxed with Ativan but had no idea how bentos worked and now I'm in a hell of a mess all because the drs whom prescribed this medication to me just said to take as needed and I was taking way too much and now I'm quitting benzodiazepines before it gets outta hand. Extreme anxiety and restless nights and way worse than alcohol withdrawals. 
