-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8595xv/my_husband_keeps_booze_in_the_house/

I talked to him about it tonight I expressed that I understood he should be aloud to do what he wants but I also let him know how difficult it made it for me to stay sober. I think most of us here can understand how hard it is to fight a craving when booze is always right there waiting in your kitchen. ..He eventually said he would stop buying booze frequently he started to offer to only buy himself a few 6 packs a week. I let him know that I didn't see how that was much different from the current situation. I mean if he buys a few 6 packs then that means there's beer in the fridge pretty much everyday... not exactly making a change. ..I know he thinks he's making an effort but it really doesn't feel like he is to me. I feel like he doesn't believe me about my drinking problem even though he's been there and seen most of it. ..Am I crazy for feeling like he should be more understanding? Any advice or anything would be appreciated I'm so beyond frustrated with how he's dealing with this (edit: having booze in the house) it's a big part of my past relapses... I just want to get along with my husband and for some reason me not drinking seems to cause more fights than the fucked up shit I've done when drunk.
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely continue the dialogue with him about the temptation with the booze in the house. Focus on how it makes you feel while you talk to him. But also as alcoholics we can only blame ourselves for our relapses. He is not a big part of your relapse. As long as you continue think that he has anything to do with it you'll be making it harder for yourself to stay sober. In your mind you are giving HIM power regarding sobriety. You are placing dependence on him. And you are not you are not dependent upon him or ANYONE to get sober. 
I hear you. My SO does not have a problem and definitely does not understand how I do. It's probably been a month since the response to my tale of a frustrating week was "I could pick you up some vodka on the way home". It's not mean spirited or thoughtlessness but just a reflection of incredible cluelessness. Part of that is on me because I didn't (still don't) talk much about it when I was struggling to get sober. My drinking was fairly invisible to my SO. Anyway our compromise is that the alcohol stays hidden in the garage. In the early days I would sometimes go look for it but thankfully I never found the hiding spot. Do I wish it was different? Yes but on balance--22 years of marriage and I still get coffee brought to me in bed when ever the opportunity arises--I'm going to let this one go. It was not easy 2+ years ago it's not easy now (but only rarely an issue) but this is what works for me and for us. 
My bf has drank less while I've been sober (going on 8 weeks now this time-- yay me!) but still brings it home quite a bit. I watched him sip IPAs all day yesterday in fact. It kind of makes me bummed for a second here and there that he can have it and I can't but generally it isn't *really* bothering me for whatever reason. ..Would it be possible for your husband to get a mini fridge to store his beer elsewhere maybe? That way it's not in your face every time you open the fridge. ..Also are you stocking NA drinks you enjoy for yourself to minimize the FOMO? Or other treats just for you? ..Finally I have to agree with canwegotomars and say that ultimately your sobriety is your responsibility not his. It would be great if he sobered up too if he stopped bringing any alcohol home sure. But if he's not ready or willing to quit then trying to pressure him to do so is only going to cause you more stress. You're going to have to find a way to use your own resources to overcome the temptations. Are you/can you see a therapist? Try to focus hard on working on yourself and not thinking about or caring about what he's doing. 
[removed]
