-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8599ml/kvetching_ahead/

This is a kvetch-fest so feel free to skip it or share your own complaints! ..I'm frustrated by my roommate tonight. I guess I'm just having a bad day but I'm really annoyed that I've been sober for 48 days &amp; he hasn't once said "Hey I'm proud of you" or any encouraging words. The last time I got sober I mentioned "I haven't had a drink in 2 weeks!" And he said "Yeah I noticed. I really appreciate it." (Because he didn't have to see me drunk I guess? I did a lot of my drinking at home and would spend most of my time by myself getting drunk on the back porch or at the bar and come home wasted. I'm sure it was annoying.) ..Anyway his reply really rubbed me the wrong way because I felt like he was making it all about himself. Like thanks dude. I'm so happy my sobriety has affected you positively. (eyeroll) He can be so self-centered it drives me nuts. He left the house today without feeding his cat again. If I wasn't around to feed the cat a couple times a day clean her water dish and give her scritches the poor thing would starve for food and attention. ..So I haven't said anything about not drinking this time although I'm sure he's noticed I haven't been drunk. Since this is the longest I've ever gone without drinking I was kinda hoping that he would notice and give me a little positive reaffirmation. But no. We've lived together for 8 years and I consider him a friend and it sucks that he hasn't mentioned anything. ..I'm also annoyed because I was hoping to hang out with my best friend this weekend but she hasn't returned my texts. I'm assuming she's out getting drunk for St. Patty's Day even though she's an alcoholic who just lost her job and really needs to get her shit together. She hasn't been in touch a lot recently. I think she feels guilty for still drinking because we've both struggled together and apart with our drinking for years...The thing is I know that I'm just projecting my own shit onto other people. I can't control how other people act and I need to focus on myself. But even though I know this it's not helping at the moment to tell myself that. I'm probably coming off as a self-centered judgmental asshole right now but it's how I'm feeling today...I love you all here at SD and getting positive affirmations about staying sober from this group has really helped to keep me going but I guess I'm just getting frustrated because sometimes I feel like I don't have that support IRL. I should go to a SMART meeting this week and talk to other sober people. I know the will help. But tonight I'm just feeling down and wanted to get this off my chest. ..I know today being a drinking holiday made it especially tough for a lot of people and I'm really happy you're here. I didn't drink with you today and I won't drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey-come kvetch here anytime! Stay strong and keep up your good work at sobriety. I'm so proud of you 
I never thought it would be quite this hard. But I really WANT to keep at it.
Hey get it all off your chest! You're doing a great job! I am in a similar position with very little real-life support and certainly very little encouragement. I think I would do just about anything to even have a flatmate's cat relying on me! I bet that fur-ball thinks you're awesome too. .Stay sober friend! 
