-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85avdq/the_pick_cloud_is_but_a_speck_in_the_distance/

I've been sober since June 24th of last year and I'm starting to struggle. My old tricks aren't working anymore: playing it forward naming the reasons I quit etc and I've stopped feeling relief every morning I wake without a hangover. My anxiety issues which i thought would dissapear once I quit have actually gotten worse. I feel it in my chest mostly and I remember how a few beers would melt it right away. Tempting. Anxiety and alcoholism seem even on the scale these days and I don't know which way it will tip. At least when I was a drunk I got a break from the stress of my emotional problems anxious all day carefree all night...You see how I've started to rationalize drinking again? I'm seeing a therapist Tuesday but I am not hopeful. I don't want to be on anti-anxiety meds and i can't be trusted with a 'take as needed' solution like Xanax. I hope the answer lies elsewhere. I'm nearing the end of my patience. ..Thanks for reading. I hope everyone is enjoying a hangover free post St. Patrick's day morning.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. Do you have any outlets like exercise etc. that can help you?
Glad you are seeing a therapist. I got some good tools using CBT with mine to deal with fear. I also started a meditation practice which has helped in many areas of my life notably anxiety. Like cravings the anxiety arises lingers then passes...learning to sit with it and not become aversive is very helpful. Best wishes!
Have you tried a recovery program? I find being with other people of like mind is very helpful. In the group I have friends who are sober 30 and 40 years and I have friends who relapse every other week. What this does for me is it helps me to stay sober one day at a time and to learn to deal with issues with used cause me to go off the deep end with alcohol...If you're worried about a religious aspect to any of these programs all the programs are meant to be suggestive only and you can take or leave the God part. But you need to have something outside of yourself that you can turn things over to. Like when I have cravings I can call a friend. When I'm depressed and afraid I'm gonna drink I can go do some service work. There's just so many coping mechanisms!..IWNDWYT 
