-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85d4pk/ive_been_struggling_with_depression_bad_lately/

I quit drinking but still smoke pot. For the past few weeks I've been trying to quit smoking. Although I do enjoy it I don't like how much it costs the money I spend the people I don't hang out with the life I don't live because I'm constantly high and content with sitting on the couch...However I'm now realizing how much my emotions and feelings were numbed while smoking. Since I quit drinking a lot of feelings have emerged. It's almost like my depression has gotten worse now that I don't have much of a crutch. I'm seeing how much self medicate with marijuana to fix my mood and depression...I went on Celexa a little while ago. It definitely helped even out my mood in my feelings weren't all over the place as they once were. But I also felt very zombified. Times where I should be experiencing joy and laughing I just felt flat. And if I was really bummed out I would want to cry but I just couldn't. Not to mention all the sexual side effects that have affected my marriage. I was perfectly content with sitting around by myself and watching YouTube videos. Fell on Celexa and made everything okay even though it wasn't...After a couple of months I went to my doctor and we decided to switch to Wellbutrin. It has a different mechanism it affects a different neurotransmitter. Luckily the sexual side effects I was experiencing previously have disappeared. My motivation is up a lot. A lot of days in my mind I want to accomplish things and have been doing more around my house and taking care of tasks in a timely manner. ..However it doesn't nearly want my emotions as much as Celexa so I went through some severe bouts anger and frustration that always leads to depression. Had a major fight last night with my wife over something completely stupid. I threatened her with divorce because I feel like she would better off going on her own way and living her own life. She's been by my side through thick and thin. I was sober when I met her but eventually relapsed a few years later...I feel so much guilt and remorse for having her put through such a ringer with alcoholism drug addiction and horrible depression and anxiety. She doesn't have any of these issues. I don't want to lose her but when I get really frustrated I tell her she should break up or we should break up because I feel like her life would be better without me...I know it's the depression talking but it certain times the voice is so real. I slept in a lot today because I just didn't want to get up and face the day. I felt like I did nothing to look forward to...She told me she understands why I'm so depressed and my life is pretty small right now. I work a lot and then come home. I smoked a few joints maybe eat something and watch some TV until I go to sleep. Rinse repeat day after day...I'm not going to any meetings in person. I'm not calling my sponsor or working through the steps. I'm not hanging out with anybody or seeing anybody. I'm not challenging my brain. I have no Hobbies or interests. My social life isn't near zero with the exception of being at work. ..I guess I'm the type of person that has to have a full incomplete life to be happy. Would anybody in my situation be depressed?..It's just tough because I feel like I can see the answer but doing all those things feel so monumental. I guess I'm just scared. It's a catch-22 because when I'm smoking I don't do a whole lot and just sit around. But on the other hand when I am smoking it helps my mood out. I want to quit desperately so I can regain my motivation for attaining a fulfilling life. But I'm so negative and depressed when I'm not smoking and I eventually go back to it...I need so much help. I sat in my car for an hour the other night contemplating going to buy a pistol to end it all. Im just so tired of struggling.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about the depression.  I struggle with depression sometimes too...I tend to feel a bit less hopeless when I'm actively working on my goals.  I spend a lot of time in the first couple of months of not drinking writing lists.  Lists of activities I enjoy character traits I value and want to nourish in myself character traits that bother me and I want to grow beyond bucket list goals for career goals for hobbies ways in which alcohol or other things hurt my goals my definition of the "dream" life for me etc.  I find defining what I want and then actually setting realistic mini goals for myself helps me to get there but also helps me to feel less stuck less impotent less pathetic.  I find that it's not only about what I'm *not* doing it's about what I *am* doing.  ..It sounds like you have an idea of what activities might help you.  Setting little goals and sticking to them is a good start.  Heaping too much on at once was too much for me.  I started with just not drinking then spent more quality time with friends and family then healthy eating then I added in some exercise then some studying then some volunteering etc.  But not all on top of each other.  Finding balance and what I need to sustain sobriety and mental health has been a challenge.  Some days I break down and cry. But I can always be proud of my actions and my efforts even when I fuck up sometimes.  You can too.  ..Be kind to yourself.  I will not drink with you today...
Hey man. Thanks for sharing what you are going through. I can relate to a lot of what you've written...I quit drinking 99 days ago but continued to smoke weed until 36 days ago. For me quitting weed was harder than quitting booze -- I love weed. Would smoke all day every day if I could. I find it easier to justify smoking herb particularly because I too struggle with depression and anxiety. I told myself the herb helped me manage my mood disorders but I suspected I was deluding myself. ..I knew I was addicted to weed as I had been with booze. I'd become a slave to a substance that I suspected was causing me harm. So I resolved to quit. . .The first week without weed was brutal I won't lie. The first few days I thought a lot about killing myself. I felt entirely robbed of joy. All I did was sleep. I cried a lot...But after my brain chemistry started to level back out an incredible thing happened: I started to feel better. Slowly I started feeling better. Now 36 days away from the drug I cannot imagine smoking again. My anxiety has become almost non-existent and my depression is far less aggressive. Suicidal thoughts will pop into my head from time-to-time but I don't think about acting on them anymore. ..There's a community over at /r/leaves of folks who have quit or are quitting herb. I also started going to Marijuana Anonymous meetings which has been really helpful for me. ..Just know that you have options. I really do get what it is like to feel so exhausted so hopeless and to want nothing other than to die. It doesn't have to be this way. There is hope I promise.    
Just wanted to say I read your post and I'm also having a hard time with the depression and trying to get meds right and feeling badly for my spouse etc. I hoped that quitting booze would be a magic bullet but it isn't yet. I hope that things get better for you. I'm really interested in seeing what happens on the other side of 90 days. Let's do it. IWNDWYT
I have had some similar experiences. Right now I'm trying to quit smoking. My psychiatrist prescribed me with something to help with the inevitable  withdrawal  symptoms. I have anxiety and depression and feel very anxious about quitting. So far I'm on my second day without any pot. I feel that quitting drinking before quitting smoking is the right order. Celexa has been working for me enough but I don't think I'd be at 60 days without the help from my doctor and the meds. My advice is to talk with your doctor and be honest about what's been going on. They should listen and be able to help even if it means switching meds again or getting more than just Wellbutrin. 
