-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85dqq1/18_months_checking_in/

So where to begin?  After around the first year I realized that I no longer think about drinking but that's not entirely true.  Sometimes I have dreams about it.  The last one a couple weeks ago I actually spit it back out in the dream and woke up feeling confused about that.  But in general I haven't worried about being tempted or swayed or mentally tricked into returning to drinking...I was without my family for an entire year and through that time I kept holding on to hope that things would work out.  I just kept up my end of the promises and kept putting one good foot in front of the other.  I kept myself active with the kids and I eventually just kept myself open and ready for however it might've played out.  If she said goodbye forever I could live with that...But she and the kids moved back in about 9 weeks ago full time!  It wasn't an easy adjustment by any metric. But I kept myself present and I kept myself sane any way I could.  In the past week it seems that we've turned another positive corner and I have been feeling more positive about our relationship and parenting cooperation than any other time over the last seven years.  A year of separation would never have been my idea of how to forge a better path forward but if I am being completely honest I can say that nothing else would have righted that tilting hull and that it was what I (we) actually *needed* to refresh in a stronger way...While I was in that year of loneliness I made sure to not let loneliness and despair take hold of me.  I kept myself active and placed my motivations and passions into things that I could control like becoming better at my job or more into cycling or making new sober friends.  It was never actually easy but in order to find out what might lie on the other side of the sunset and what that new day would have in store I just kept myself disciplined.  Well I ate a lot of ice cream too.  And a lot of LaCroix.  And a lot of prayer and meditation but I could always make it through to the next morning...I am now certain that sobriety is the most wonderful thing in the world and has opened so many more opportunities for me than I ever could have imagined.  Thank you to all of the members of this community and being open and honest with where you are all at with your struggles.  Thank you to those who stumble and fall and dust yourself and try again it is truly inspiring.  I couldn't do this without you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Now that is a truly inspiring post..Thank you. 
Awesome post. So very happy that your life is falling into place with your sobriety. Gives me hope. 
Thank you for sharing 
So happy for you!!!
Thank you 
Beautiful post. So happy that your family is back together again! Congratulations!
