-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85ficn/im_struggling/

I don't have much to say. I am lying on my bed and I am contemplating throwing away over 3 weeks of sobriety because I am exhausted from feeling my feelings. I feel like I'm drowning in anxiety. So here I am. I want to stay accountable to you all. Thankful for this sub.
----------immediate responses--------

We [got this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85b8f0/the_obstacle_course/?st=JEXHUK6Q&amp;sh=8771070c) earlier on today and it could help put this whole quitting drinking into a perspective that really makes sense.  Sometimes an analogy can get my feet back under me.  And sometimes bed can be the best place on earth   
Don't give up. It gets easier. You're almost at 30 days. If you drink tonight imagine the anxiety you'll feel with your hangover tomorrow...
I can't keep throwing it away. I have in the past. Well I never was that serious in the past but I hit rock bottom honestly and I guess God wanted me to hit rock bottom to make me realize enough is enough. I don't have those feelings anymore of starting over. I've changed for good. I am happy. Perhaps it is not your time to let go completely of alcohol maybe you have more field research to do. But just remember when you wake up tomorrow morning you won't be proud. Feelings will come and go that's just part of being human. We can't change our genes. Better to embrace it. 
Push threw the cravings  will pass and future you will be happy with yourself 
I became sober the same day you did. I had a lot of anxiety tonight.  I know how hard it is.  But I also know drinking will make my anxiety a million times worse. Stay strong! It will all be ok.  
Oh feelings!!! That is my weakness too. I miss being able to check out. But I keep realizing that I want to check out when things are hard in life. And I refuse to let alcohol win during those times. If I ever have another drink it will be  because I'm happy ( and honestly I'm fine not drinking when I'm happy ) I feel like I'm the one in control when I refuse to drink a problem away.I won't drink with you tonight.  
This too shall pass my friend...IWNDWYT
At 23 days (the first time second time and third time) I remember feeling REALLY INTENSE peaks and valleys. I almost slipped so many times around the one month mark (and actually DID slip a couple times). I know you keep hearing this and you're probably thinking  yeah yeah whatever  when you hear it but seriously it does  get better. This will most likely pass in a few days... maybe a week tops. And you will thank yourself for pushing through. 
There's no worse anxiety than trying to piece together what you did when you were drunk the night before. .Maybe you need a new strategy in your toolbox? Have you considered counseling? Maybe you were drinking to distract yourself from these anxious thoughts. 
