-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85fzjb/how_many_of_us_have_dual_diagnoses/

I don't think I've met one person yet that struggles with alcohol abuse that isn't also suffering from a mental illness or personality disorder.  I'm curious about the group here.  I'll go first.  Major depressive disorder and alcohol dependence are my two diagnoses.  My therapist stated that she believes I have PTSD as well but that's not been officially diagnosed. . Care to share what yours are?  IWNDWYT!..Edited to say wow thank you everyone for sharing!  I so believe there is definite correlation between alcoholism and mental issues.  We are so not alone folks and it's so great to talk about it.  Thanks again!  IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Bipolar disorder and alcohol abuse (and borderline personality traits but those overlap with my bipolar systems so I don't count those).
so much clinical depression!!! (that is thankfully now well controlled through meds woo)..problems with depression and alcohol run in my family apparently I knew about the depression but only recently found out about the alcohol when I told my mom I stopped drinking. she said my grandpa used to have intense problems with it. the more you know!
History of depression new diagnosis of ADHD-PI adderall and alcohol do. not. mix.
Depression anxiety and PTSD. No wonder I drank right? 
Anxiety OCD &amp; panic disorder. 
History of clinical depression
I haven't been diagnosed but I know full well I'm not  normal'.  Maybe I'll go if I get into difficulties again in the future but for right now I'll beat this alcohol thing down and that's pretty good for now.  
Depression and anxiety. Now that I'm not drinking my meds seem to work so much better!!! (And...thw alcohol doesn't make things worse!)
Depression and anxiety. Mostly anxiety these days and drinking definitely did not help manage it.
C-ptsd
Alcohol dependent Clinical Depression Anxiety PTSD and an unspecified mood disorder. I'm on a pretty good medication cocktail now that my doc lets me control (mostly she's the doctor) and my meds work so much better now that I don't Drink. ..How do you think having these types of mental illnesses were influenced affected exacerbated by your drinking? I know I have zero control over myself my emotions my thoughts when I've been drinking. I was just mentioning in another thread how much of an emotional roller coaster it is the morning after a hard night/bender. The positive effects on my mental health that have surfaced since I quit drinking are huge. ..I still struggle I don't get up for work on time ever (lost so many jobs because of this) my eating habits are still shit and I have no idea how to handle my finances. However I am managing and handling life without a single hangover so I've got that going for me which is nice.. iwndwyt
Depression anxiety and alcohol abuse. ..The rehab I went to specialized in dual diagnosis so I luckily got so much help dealing with my mental problems which in turn helped me with alcohol. 
I have childhood trauma..I cannot talk about it to a psychiatrist so God knows what else I have.
Depression &amp; anxiety
Im "on the Autism spectrum"..least thats how they put it now.....I call it being socially awkward as one can be lol but doctors like to put names on stuff 
