-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85lrvu/60_days_and_passing_my_cpa_exams/

I can't believe how easy it has gotten to not drink. I went to a wedding last weekend and the open bar looked nice and in concept was tempting. But I knew I wasn't going to have a drink. Then yesterday I finally after a 4 year struggle passed all parts of my CPA exams and other requirements and have submitted my application for licensure. It's the greatest accomplishment of my life so far. I genuinely considered if it would be worth it to have a drink to celebrate (as I always imagined I would) but honestly... why would I? Just one drink? I like the idea of it but I don't think the reality would be that great. I worry I would have relapse nightmares or that I would feel great anxiety to have let myself have a drink and in the end would the tiny little rush and one lonely drink actually be "fun" for me? Probably not. And I'm shocked and proud of myself that I came to that conclusion myself and that I don't even really want the drink... that's the first time ever I actually didn't *want* a drink. I can't believe I'm here. ..I'm much more of a lurker than anything but I just wanted to thank you SD for being such an invaluable support to get me where I am. This little badge and all your posts are what fueled the fire to keep me going until I could do it for myself. IWNDWYT :)
----------immediate responses--------

We always say here that it's one drink that has the power to do us in... what's that worth?  Good job!!! I'm so happy for you getting your credentials that is Super Terrific!!! YaY    high fives!  .iwndwyt 
Congratulations on both passing your exam and not giving in to the BS that alcohol and celebration go together!
Congrats. Studying for FAR right now. Any advice?
Congratulations! I know how much work that is - I'm impressed!
Way to go. Those are great accomplishments. According to my old boss I got a perfect score on FAR a 75.  Her thought was that anything over a 75 was wasted effort.  I was so relieved I only had to take that test once. The others weren't so bad but that one was ugly
