-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85pdyv/holy_shit_im_feeling_lonely_tonight/

I'm feeling good about being sober tonight but loneliness has really kicked in for some reason. It may be that I'm watching Love on Netflix after reading that the main character deals with getting sober. But as the name suggests it's about two people entering a relationship. It reminds me that this time last year I was in a relationship and man do I miss having a girlfriend. Around that time was when my drinking was really beginning to be a problem. Even though I'm still struggling to get sober I do feel like I'm in a better place than I was a year ago and that feels good. .But tonight I feel lonely and a little hopeless about ever finding someone.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear you. I often tell people that sobriety feels like a very lonely road sometimes. I know it's because I still haven't spent any time developing a network of sober friends and instead immerse myself in work and raising kids. So sober friends... I've heard this is the way to go. And if you're looking to attract someone - a good someone - you are 100% doing the right thing to make yourself more attractive in not drinking. 
If you have access to the movie  Swingers  maybe watch that instead?  I know there's a fair amount of drinking in that but it's not glorified (pretty much the opposite really) and I've always found it to be one of the best movies out there for that particular kind of lonely.  If you've never seen it really funny and ends on a very hopeful note..Also it's really good that your being mindful about your feelings and where they are coming from.  I've found that to incredibly useful for dealing with urges..IWNDWYT.
I hear you. I have been struggling with feeling lonely. I parted ways with my SO in May. I would not be working on sobriety if I was still with him as he was a heavy drinker too. So I am better off alone. But being lonely is well lonely. I will not drink with you! Hugs! 
