-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85qcbb/feeling_the_cravings/

I've been doing pretty good lately. I'm on 10 days at the moment and was feeling strong up until the past couple days. It's not like a speaker blaring in my face telling me to drink or anything more like a nagging little voice that keeps saying "one won't hurt!" or "you've been working hard!" and even "you've gone 10 days... reward yourself with alcohol!" ..I've tried sugar as a supplement but I'm also trying to lose weight so don't want to go overboard. I'm trying to keep my hands busy with things like puzzles and vidya but still as I leave work in about half an hour I'm going to really struggle not to detour to a bottle shop. What do you guys do when the nagging voice won't stfu?..Thanks for listening. Hope to post again tomorrow hangover free. This weekend could be hard as my spouse is going away. Why is it so hard to be accountable for oneself? Xxox
----------immediate responses--------

whenever i have a craving lately i try to fill that time with doing positive things for myself whether it be going to workout and blow off steam or having a night where i pamper myself with charcoal and clay face masks and whiten my teeth...i spend money that would once go to alcohol on supplements and health foods. i find myself longing for a whiskey and ginger ale? i stock up on chia seeds and ground flax. i contemplate stopping by the gas station for a 6 pack? i get some new protein powder and enough kale to feed a small hippie commune. ..those moments of wanting to reward yourself with alcohol should be replaced with rewarding yourself with something that's actually good for your body. it helps me a lot anyway. ..keep up the good work and stay strong!   
Download an app that tracks what you would have spent on booze- buy something awesome that costs the same at the end of the week..Embrace the sugar worry about weight loss next month (when your mood and energy have improved). Be kind to yourself! Watch bad TV eat some Sour Patch Kids! Xo
I ran a lot. In the early days I gave myself permission to eat anything I felt necessary to avoid picking up a drink. This meant a stack of chocolate bars on top of the refrigerator trail mix energy bars fruit--any of that is better than alcohol and I found it easier to control the sugar after getting rid of alcohol. ..Exercise was a great help--allowed me to burn off calories keep busy and start to see a physical reward for not drinking. ..For unstructured time what helped me was to make plans in advance very specific ones. Idle time was tough for me dealing with a surprise craving + opportunity. Kept myself stocked up on chocolate bars and damn the calories and full speed ahead!
Exercise is always good. A meditation practice helped me too. Urges pass everything passes you don't have to act on any thoughts that arise.
I get the desire to lose weight but eating really helps. It's the only thing that helps me when it gets really bad. In the past when I tried to restrict calories and get over one of the most addictive substances on the planet at the same time I caved. Every time. This time I ate. Six months this week. 
