-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85raoz/im_thinking_maybe_my_best_friend_isnt/

My BF is literally the only person who I've shared my struggle with alcohol. They know I've gone to AA. I've told them about how much I struggle with not drinking they've read my blog posts about that topic. They are also the only person who knows about my recent DUI...Since I've told them about the DUI we've had one phone conversation in 6 weeks. Their response was 'why didn't you drink with me I've wanted to get drunk with you for ages". Since then they have described in great detail a night they had getting horribly drunk and the ensuing hangover. I contacted them when I started my Traffic Offenders course and got weird responses like 'it's time for a drink" and 'we have to get drunk". Today they sent me texts  saying they were going to a pub and did I want to catch up for a drink..As painful as it is I have come to the realisation that this friend is not a friend. we haven't gotten drunk together in almost 2 years so it;s not like that's what they expect of me..Thoughts?.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like your friend needs help. I had to do a lot of re-evaluations of friendships when I got sober. Turns out that they weren't really my true 'friends'...You've got 41 days and that's beautiful - stay vigilant and take care of YOU dear lemon :).
Is there someone else you could open up to instead? Someone you trust who has their head firmly screwed on and your best interests at heart? If not perhaps someone impartial like a therapist?
I think seeing a therapist is a good idea. someone impartial is a great idea- there's too much history with this person and its confusing the heck out of me..
Your best friend sounds like they have a problem with alcohol. It's an addiction if they are addicted they can't be there for you in your struggle much as they might wish to.  ..Hopefully they will decide to take the steps that you are taking and you can be a support to them then. But your BF isn't there yet and you can't make someone want to get sober. 
