-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85rtd4/question_about_being_cured/

Does anybody know where this misconception came from? My impression has always been that alcoholism is chronic and progressive but I often hear those who've relapsed say  Well I thought I was cured.  Is that just alcoholic thinking or is there some old medical idea underlying that?..I feel like  I'm cured  has to be tied with  I've got this  on the list of dangerous things an addict can say to themselves. .
----------immediate responses--------

I know that hams get cured.  Not too sure about humans...I know for me when I take things for granted I don't appreciate what I have and am at greater risk of losing what I value...I attend to those things that I value in life.  I think of them as my investments in "Me".  I practice my disciplines.  Since I value my *Unimpaired Life* my disciplines include mindfulness and meditation for mental clarity; I focus on "others" regularly to decrease selfishness and embrace Kindness and Caring for my Spiritual well being; I exercise for my physical resilience; I engage in wellness activities such as diet and other for longer term benefits.  ..If I attend to my time tested practices I don't need to address "cured" or "not cured".  I just focus on today...I agree that "thinking I've got this" is hubris and evidence of my self-centeredness.  
I feel that this  being cured  is akin to the  I've got this  personally.  I thought I  had  this a couple of years ago but I still went out and did some more research. Nope I didn't  have  it!  I've heard it said that alcoholism is like having an allergy to alcohol.  I personally believe this since I have a seriously adverse reaction to it. My son has an allergy to nuts.  He stays away from them so he can stay alive.  Unfortunately he will not outgrow the nut allergy as I will not outgrow my alcohol allergy.  I feel I must treat my allergy the same way he treats his. I will not drink with you today. 
I have a friend with insulin-dependent diabetes. Every day twice a day she has to give herself an injection. Every day she has to watch her symptoms and keep an eye on her blood sugar levels. She has to manage her diet and her weight carefully. One of the happiest busiest more interesting women I know. She just lives with and around the requirements of her condition so she can live the life she wants to live. The "cure" is how she manages her condition. Seems just like the "cure" for my alcohol issues is to simply manage that condition - by not having any. It's a fuckload easier than managing insulin-dependent diabetes I reckon..
So many angles on this. One can only be cured from a disease and addiction is not a disease. Addiction to alcohol exists along a spectrum of severity. Addiction changes the function and structure of the brain. Prolonged abstinence will reverse most of those changes but will not eliminate future susceptibility to a return to addiction if one uses again. Alcohol addiction is progressive in its symptoms. Some of this is simply do to age or a breakdown in the body's ability to function. That is drinking two glasses of win at 20 will have much less impact than drinking two glasses at 50. Finally most problem drinkers stop drinking problematically on their own and many return to moderate drinking...Cured is not possible because there is nothing to be cured from. Stop the drinking and stop the addiction. Future susceptibility will depend on how much and for how long one drank what damage was done to the brain and the psychology of the person. ..The "cured" thoughts likely originate in a desire to drink again a desire to be normal and a belief that one was making far too big a deal out of it. The experiment of seeing if one is "cured" then becomes a significant gamble based on where one was at.
I think healing is unlimited but also perpetually-unmastered. And it's like beating cancer--you don't go back to work at the nuclear waste plant no matter how cured you are.
You're exactly right. Most relapse stories posted here occur when the person thinks they suddenly have the power to control it. The scary part is that I have heard stories of folks that have gone 10 or 15 years sober and thought one day that they could allow themselves a drink. [The Voice of Addiction](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tkztb/what_are_some_of_the_sneaky_arguments_the_voice/) is a cunning and convincing force for which I always have to be on guard. I always have to remind myself that the only way for me to control alcohol is simply not drink it.
**if the first thing you want to do after you're  cured' is to go get a drink you may just have a problem**..I'm not really one to bother with semantics because everyone uses words to frame ideas and they may look different to you and me.  But sometimes things just make sense to everybody.  Like the quote above.    I will not be drinking with you today 
I was at an AA meeting recently(never did the steps I have my issues with their methodology but I go to meetings to help with my own recovery) and this was the topic. Whether it was appropriate to say "recovered alcoholic" or to say "alcoholic in recovery". According the teachings of AA you're never fully cured from alcoholism but you can be cured of the toxic state of mind that alcoholism can bring about. That's just AA though. Personally I don't think one is every cured although I know alcoholics that were in recovery and then started to drinking with moderate success. To them though they never acknowledged they were "cured" rather they acknowledged they were not cured and we're still alcoholics and thus had to be careful about when and how to drink. Say of that what you will.
Thanks for bringing this up! In AA I was told that there is no  cure  only a daily reprieve. That's why we call it a  recovery program  say we're  in recovery  and avoid saying we're  cured.  .. Every alcoholic will stop drinking someday. It's best to be alive that day. 
Sooo much effort and time to debate with yourself and others over whether it's possible to recover to a point where you can drink again.  It's sooo much easier to just assume that you can't or that it's not worth it and just stick to that belief.  Even if you are wrong what are you really giving up?
"I deserve a drink " says my brain quite frequently still but not as frequently.  I remember hitting 30 days!  And thinking i deserve a drink!  I went to a smart meeting that day instead. 
