-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85s7k3/you_guys_are_right_about_the_airports/

About 25 days into my sobriety I had a short weekend business trip and I am SOOO glad that I had been reading SD daily for those 25 days. I had caught a few posts about people feeling really "triggered" at airports and while I knew that traveling was probably going to bring up a desire to drink for me I had NO IDEA how strong those feelings would get once I set foot in that steel glass and concrete mess that is La Guardia. For goodness' sake the (ridiculously long) TSA Pre-check line ran its entire length alongside a set of glass windows looking into a bar that had DOZENS of travelers enjoying beer wine and cocktails pre-flight. It was like a beacon signaling "In just a few moments once you are past the interminable security checkpoint you too can celebrate with a drink or 5!!" ..I managed to avert my gaze long enough to get through security and head to my gate where I pulled up SD and read more posts instead. ..Today I'll be heading to La Guardia again for the first leg of a 3 week business trip. I just posted on the daily check in and while I normally only check in on days when I'm concerned about upcoming challenges I see these next 3 weeks as the biggest challenge to my sobriety that I will have faced to date so I will be checking in every day. I already know that airports are clearly a trigger for me so step 1 is: to get through my flight today without having a drink!..Things I have going for me this time: ..* I'm traveling with a friend who rarely drinks.* I'm using my flight as major study time for a certification exam I'm taking tomorrow morning.* I recognize how powerful a trigger airports are to me and am planning ahead.* I have you guys in my pocket whenever I need you!..So a huge shout-out to everyone who struggles with sobriety while traveling because the thoughts feelings and experiences you have shared have been so helpful to me already. Oh my gosh - I just realized that this will be my first big work conference sober and I can't wait to enjoy all the growth and learning I've been robbing myself of by spending half the time hung-over! Yay! IWNDWYT!!!.
----------immediate responses--------

My first morning flight w out a hangover was one of the best I've ever had.  Makes a huge difference when u fly and don't drink!  Plus airport booze = $ lost!
When I had to go through six airport adventures in a 48 hour period a month or so back by airport adventure number three when I had not only walked past uncountable bars and boozeries in two capital cities but also strode past free bloody wine tastings I worked out I'd saved enough on not buying booze to hit the bookshop as a reward... and one of the first books I spotted was 'The Unexpected Joy of Being Sober" [hello Higher Power!!] so that kept me sane through the next three airport adventures :) awesomely good book also. Highly recommend it!. 
Excellent job! Well done.
Good luck!
I recently heard on a podcast that you can have a 'friend of Bill W' paged at the airport. They'll say something like 'Bill W you have a friend looking for you at the Cinnabon' and someone like us will show up to chat. It's AA code. I fly this Friday and if I get through security too quickly I'm giving it a shot. Airports are huge triggers for me
YOU CAN DO IT!!!!!..It's really hard and I might have used retail therapy as a replacement for booze therapy but I DID NOT DRINK!..Also having gotten through it I can say that it is totally worth it! What's really amazing about getting to the other side for me is looking back and realizing that it really wasn't *that* bad. Being sober at the airport that is. My brain would only spin these stories about how bad it was because it knew that it could get me to let loose and drink that way. NOT ANYMORE!..Keep reading SD keep posting and stay sober. You can do this!
I haven't had to make any multi-day trips yet since I stopped just one overnighter. But I know the old behavior patterns will try to pop up. I'd plan how many  beers I could get in before having to hop on the plane...Fortunately my current job doesn't force me to travel frequently no more than every other month or so...I will not drink with you today. 
oh my I know Airports make me want to drink..I used to get pretty darn hammered every time I would fly
Thanks for this.  I have to fly to Europe in a few weeks and I've never made this flight sober.  I don't think I've ever been sober in an airport in my life and I've been through *many*...I would be much more worried about the temptation if I wasn't going to be on my Antabuse (which I'm only taking because I'm visiting my family who are all big drinkers).  Even with that though I'm anticipating feeling pretty anxious.  ..Thanks for the encouragement.  IWNDWYT.
Airports + expense accounts are definite triggers for me.  I made it successfully through the last time by just constantly repeating what always follows after I make that bad decision.    And then I listed what I could do with that time instead.  I tried to focus on what would make me the happiest tomorrow instead of what would make me happiest that moment.  It worked but it did take a lot of vigilance...You got this!
Airports themselves aren't a huge trigger for me but other things associated with travel definitely are. Flight delayed? Long layover? You know where you're likely to find me...Made it to the hotel but it is only 4pm and you're too exhausted to workout? Time for a six-pack...That was my biggest concern yesterday. I managed to stay sober though so I think I'll be fine...Thanks for sharing your struggles. I can definitely relate...IWNDWYT.
In LaGuardia the bar is literally right after security as youre walking towards your gate after all the bs. It's the snake pit. 
My realization after a few sober flights is that you don't have to be miserable. Seems like folks step thru the doors and it is game on ready to fight. Not so. It's a choice. Can't do much about much so might as well make the best of it. Treat yourself to an expensive treat or coffee and just sit back and watch the madness. Knowing it is not you. Being drunk just guarantees miserableness.
You got this        so proud of you 
yep. trains are terrible for me too. Walk through the cafe car remember how nice it was to have a drink and watch the scenery rush by etc. etc. etc.
Good for you!!..I'm still dreading that hurdle. Have not flown since sober. Airports planes with tiny seats queues surly officials... the whole thing is riddled with anxiety and claustrophobia for me :/ I especially hope to avoid going through NY where they yell at you like cattle and have dogs sniffing you. I feel like I'm about to be do a life sentence for a horrific crime...I hope I will have someone to travel with when the time comes.
&gt; that had DOZENS of travelers enjoying beer wine and cocktails pre-flight...Enjoying.  Pretty sure that for at least the last year or so of my drinking I never enjoyed it actually dread what I knew would happen.
I like to remember how terrible it was to have airport bar drinks and then get on a turbulent plane that cancelled drink service.  That was the worst feeling.  So glad to not have to worry about ridiculous things like that.
