-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85u0cg/on_being_normal/

After finally getting some quiet time to sit and drink my coffee and read through all of the experiences I missed while mothering a sick household all week I'm taking in a lot of talk about being "normal" and referring to people who don't drink as "normies". I don't post often but I have some opinions on being normal. ..The definitions are "conforming to a standard; usual typical or expected" or "a line at right angles to a given line or surface" also "the usual average or typical state or condition". I don't know a single person true to themselves who fits any of these definitions. To strive to be this in our daily lives is in conflict with the human condition. I prefer to imagine myself (and others for that matter) as a pendulum or more accurately a tire swing swinging around in arcs and circles. We move through emotions and experiences and make laps around our perceptions and memories. Maybe this is a little ranty but I believe that we should all try like hell to love ourselves right where we stand. I am flawed down to my individual cells and I know several people in my life who think of me as someone to doesn't drink. Dare I say they might think of me as ... normal? Meh probably not. But who cares. We all carry a burden. We all struggle. I'm striving to be better but I won't ever be normal. I will however be sober. And after 33 years I am finally becoming okay with that.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree I know ill never be "normal" but I can be sober and thats what counts
Just thought of something while reading your post.  Annie Grace has mentioned before how ludicrous of an idea it is for us to take an addictive toxic drug and think that it will be OK.  Your thought of normal reminded me of that.
Love this.
True. And all the normie drinkers out there are each and every one of them dealing with their own shit. Drinking isn't everyone's issue. But everyone has his or her issues and as far as we know they are likely just as difficult for the drinking normies as our struggles with alcohol are for us. 
One of the keys to me stopping was realising that a part of me still tried to catch up with what my friends were doing growing up their  fun  their  freedom  and their  experiencing life . Normalness (if that's even a word). Then I realised that I can never do that. I can't turn back time redistribute opportunities make other choices. I can also easily argue against the truth or reality in all of those notions but most importantly I realised it was all just ...irrelevant. My life hasn't been better or worse than most of theirs it has been different. That's something to cherish.
