-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85vqj5/whelp_i_decided_enough_is_enough_and_finally/

Hello everyone! ..Please excuse this somewhat lengthy post/rant but I feel as if the time has come for me to stop lurking and start participating. In doing so I also feel it is necessary for me to actually write out before my own eyes the epic level of negativity alcohol has brought me and the disastrous compounding effects it has had on my "return to normalcy" post-service...I joined the military when I was 19 and while I am still technically in (currently Individual Ready Reserve until I'm complete with my final enlistment contract) I consider my departure to have been when I was 30 (currently I'm 31). That time was comprised of being on active duty and reserve serving in two separate branches (started out Air Force decided to transition to Army Infantry) multiple deployments to Afghanistan and an ever-increasing use and abuse of alcohol to get me through the "tough times"...When I left active duty to return to finish my degree I ended up making very hasty decisions to return "home" and live near my old friends and certain family members. I was in an incredibly toxic and self-destructive mental state. No longer having the restrictions and discipline of active duty but instead finding myself in the loose schedule of a student's lifestyle I quickly fell into a routine of nightly blackout drinking so as to not have to deal with the horrendous thoughts and replays of my prior years in Afghanistan. The days were comprised of sitting through incredibly mundane and  unstimulating classes (my fault I picked Criminal Justice as I didn't have a plan and literally applied to colleges while still in Afghanistan) having to repeatedly explain why I was "so older" than my classmates and subsequently answer their unsolicited questions battle with the VA over the phone to ensure they paid out the allocated tuition or housing costs cope with a family that struggled to understand privacy/boundaries contend with a Reserve unit chock-full of individuals who had been in 5-10 years without ever deploying and who still felt the need to be loudmouthed about "their sacrifice etc. However I had alcohol so I just kept "numbing" it out drinking and drinking. ..Except that it didn't numb it out. It exacerbated it. It made me more and more aware I was simply a frustrated bitter and absurdly angry man taking his frustrations out on others. And yet I kept drinking.....After roughly two years off of active duty I drank myself stupid (so I'm told. I don't remember this) got into a car early in the morning and proceeded to drive out of the city (again no idea where I was going or what my intentions were. No memory of this. All I know is where I was mentally-speaking during those years). I awoke roughly a week later in the hospital. Some of my family was around and I came to understand I had horrifically crashed (to the point where the first responders upon arrival at the scene thought I may be dead...thankfully they quickly changer their mind).  I had been taken to the hospital where I was stabilized and then placed into a medically-induced coma to assist with recovery and their operations...I had suffered a traumatic brain injury (diffuse axonal injury) had an inability to comprehend what was going on couldn't read - a whole litany of TBI issues. And yet I recovered. Slowly. I went back to school a month after being discharged (my doctor was not in support of this. He advised taking a term or two off.) Took a year off from drinking (court-ordered so nothing special there). It was tough and I wondered why I was still fighting to keep going sometimes. ..I went in and out of therapy for years eventually finished my degree and have struggled relentlessly to find a job and get my feet off the ground. I went to the VA for help which basically resulted in a "we'll give you some pills and that should fix it" type of situation. So in my distorted and alcohol-fueled mind I interpret as "just keep your mouth quiet because there's always alcohol". Except it doesn't work and I hate myself for using it from time-to-time (since the alcohol I haven't returned to the nightly drinking...which again I somehow am able to convince myself means it's not a problem and therefore okay to continue - stupid broken brain). ..Ultimately I have a job (which I am thankful for but I still REALLY struggle with feelings of inadequacy boredom and self-worth. I'm an office boy - make minimum wage. Yay for that degree! Yay for 10 years in the military!) met the woman of my dreams (been together for over a year - she knows all about my past and she's a wonderful support-mechanism!) but I still struggle with my past and am getting so sick and tired of the constant mental tape that plays: "Hey are you sick and tired of being crushed by debt and literally being unable to pay for meals or take your gal out for a date? Well then go ahead and scratch up some change to go buy some beers! That'll make everything okay!"..Anyhoo if you actually read all this thank you and holy hell you're a more patient individual than I! I'm tired of hating to look at myself in the mirror. I'm tired of waking up hungover. I'm tired of wasting money I DON'T HAVE. I want to stop obsessing over what I once was. I want to stop obsessing over what I wish I was. I want to keep my focus on nothing more than being the individual my girlfriend needs; someone who take that money that would have been spent on some cheap beer and put it towards building the foundation for a long life together...And so it begins today. With Day One - I Will Not Drink With You Today!....
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the club! Lets do this.
Glad you're here...This can be part of your continuing upward spiral...Thanks for your service from a veteran.
Wow. Thank you for your service. You have done so much. You can do this too. I will not drink with you.   
Best of luck to you.  You understand the problem and that's a big start.  You might try to look for an AA group with veterans who could be a big support for you not only in the alcohol but also the service member issues you've had.  You've had some tough breaks.  IWNDWYT
Everyone here has their own story and everyone here had first day sober.  I'll be two weeks sober tomorrow and as anxious as I get occasionally I'm close enough to my quit date that I can still easily remember how awful I felt every day.  My sobriety (even with it's occasional anxiety) is infinitely better than my drunken past.  It's getting easier and it's always better.  Good on ya for taking the step!  This sub has been a great source of strength and I suspect it will continue to be a place to remind me how much better off I am now.  Stick around.  You won't be sorry...I ain't drinkin' with you today either.  Let's be sober together!
An interesting well written post.  I hope you find some answers...I think you should look at your skills that you gained in the military.  Organisation assessing situations completing a job discipline etc...Good luck I'm sure you will crack this.
Go for it. I started here too.
Well written sir. I too will not be drinking with you today. I wish you the absolute best on this journey!
It's so great to have you here! IWNDWYT!
You are an incredibly strong person despite what you tell yourself sometimes. You can absolutely  % do this.
Welcome!  You're in a good place with good folk.  We have coffee and snacks and a sense humour only former drinkers could produce...I will not drink with you today.
Welcome! Day one hour by hour minute  by minute  we got your back!
Hey bud keep on keeping on. I've been where you are with the drinking to numb bad memories and nightmares. I've also felt the utter exhaustion that comes from drinking to numb memories. I spent a week in the hospital after a bad incident and since then I've had no desire to drink. I'm also going to 5-7 AA meetings a week and am really enjoying them. My personal experience was that it was helpful to meet non veterans in AA cause I just needed a break. A lot of my friends are veterans and I needed to get out of my veteran pity party shell. Do whatever works for you and good luck bro!
As others have stated welcome and thank you for your service!  It is so difficult to obsess and replay the past - but all we have is the future. Take your newfound sobriety and all of your positivity one second one hour one day at a time. .Can't wait to read more about your story 
Welcome from a former Army nurse. So glad you are here and ready to do this.  You have packed a lot of living into a very short time.  I always think that my brain has to take the time to metabolize my experiences.  Yes drinking numbed that and probably shut down the metabolizing and now you can start again.  I spend a lot of time here because it's like nowhere else on the internet believe that.  It's kind and supportive and there will be someone who will say the right thing.  You are not alone.  We'll just carry on together.
Glad your here and thank you for your service. You have been through so much! Your in the right place to garner the support and camaraderie to assist you in your recovery. Congratulations on your decision to not drink. It's people like you who decide to stop drinking who help encourage me to continue with you. We can do this!.
This is my and my boyfriends first day too! He is ex military as well and I had to share this with him. It will absolutely resonate with him. Thank you opening up and sharing your story. It's inspiring.  You have much strength and courage. You will do great things and it can only go up from here. One day at a time. IWNDWYT .        
Glad you're here and thank you for your service! IWNDWYT! 
Welcome to the sober club my friend. The past haunts all of us in different ways. I can't imagine what you went thru over seas but as you realized alcohol isn't going to change that or erase it...It takes a strong person to recognize their short comings and take action to correct them. I'm proud of you...IWNDWYT.
Welcome and you've got this...Iwndwyt 
Welcome!! We ain't so bad. .Sir trainee Alcoholic reports as ordered..Sir I will not drink with you today!!
Thanks for your service and for sharing your story (yes I read it all!).  I try to read one or two of these every night and find inspiration in the reminder that no matter how big or small our perceived problems are we don't make them any better with self destruction - this is universal for all of us...Glad to hear you have a girl that satisfies and supports you.   Don't beat yourself up you've done a lot just to come here in the first place (that's coming from a fellow lurker).  It sounds cliche especially given my badge - but take it one day at a time you will feel an improvement.   It may not be clear initially but having your Saturday or Sunday morning back is just the tip of the iceberg!
Thank you for sharing your story and congrats for finally stopping to run away and hide in alcohol. I have just found this wondeful Nelson Mandela quote on here today:  Do not judge me by my successes judge me by how many times I fell down and got back up again.  looks to me like you are getting back up again... ..When I started the books  this naked mind  and  the 30 day sobriety solution  were real game changers. The naked mind taught me the truth about alcohol and the 30 day sobriety solution is a daily program that REALLY helped me to figure out how to find happiness and thrive in sobriety. Please read it it is so so helpful. .Also I struggle with negative self Image and horrible stories from the past too. And I found Louise Hays affirmations worked wonders. There are tons in YouTube and I just put them on all the time even while doing something else. She concentrated on self love and her words have truely changed me from a self-destructive woman into one who loves herself and treats herself with compassion and respect. ..Have faith you can do this one day at the time. I will not drink with you today! 
Thank you for posting your story and thank you for your service. You have a way with words that is compelling to read..I quit drinking almost 3 months ago (drank one time since then but didn't re-set my badge) and I finally went to my first A.A. meeting yesterday. It took me a while to feel ready but after 3 months I wanted/needed support and camaraderie from other people who understood what I am going through..For me initially quitting wasn't all that hard. I felt immediate benefits and I always like a challenge. But now I am left to deal with my life my problems and my emotions without the crutch of alcohol. I have a few big stressors in my life and I am feeling alone and overwhelmed. That's where I think A.A. will help. It's there whenever you're ready- just like we are here now..I'm so glad you took the first step! .You sound like a strong and intelligent man with a lot going for you.  I know you can do this!.
Great decision. This sub has been my lifeline over the last seven months. I read here most everyday just to get inspiration or to remind myself of the depths I can fall or simply to realize I'm not a freak and that this problem is common. Good luck to you!
Impressive.  Keep swinging. 
Welcome along. IWNDWYT.
Welcome! My heavy drinking also started in the army. Glad you are here!
Congrats and welcome.  I also lurked here for over a year.  Now I come here every day past and it is a nice part of my quitting/morning routine.  I had a misstep last week but the power of resetting my badge and communicating with others on SD has been great for me.
