-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/85x7mm/the_only_way/

When I first got sober AA was a great lifeline for me. Going to meetings got me through some rough days...Then as I delved into the program I hit some road blocks. My higher power isn't a Christian god (I know they SAY this doesn't matter but it's still a dominant theme). Defining myself only by my weaknesses makes me feel bad not good. Saying I have no power and my successes are god's makes me feel out of control. My grand sponsor screamed at me for riding in a car with a guy. I was called disrespectful and told I will DEFINITELY relapse if I don't just shut up and do as I'm told. ..I can't handle it anymore. Everyone I made friends with is constantly  worried  about me now...The truth is I'm happy. I exercise and cope with my emotions. I don't think drinking is a solution for my problems and I know it's not even fun for me anymore. ..Am I so wrong? I feel more defeated by the judgement of the AAs in my area more than by my alcoholism. ..I don't want to say  AA isn't for me  because it gave me my life back... I'm not saying I'll never need a meeting again. It's the PEOPLE. ..I don't know what I'm trying to say overall.... is it okay for me to be okay without it? Am I really definitely going to relapse if I move on to other things that help me more? I feel like I'm failing them but I'm sober and happy! Isn't that the goal?..Maybe I'm overthinking this......Thank you all for existing and to this sub for being the place I really find my support! IWNDWYT. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I've never been to AA but I hear mixed opinions on the places.  I don't think I would like it that much.
It was great for me before the  do this or you'll drink   no I won't it won't help that   yes you will. You're an alcoholic and you have no control . Okayyyy thanks. 
Maybe it has served its purpose in your life and you can move on to something new.  I feel like if I enjoyed the routine and group setting of meetings there are other ones out there.  I've heard about Buddhist ones.  That sounds nice.  There are online groups also.  We're here too.  I keep accountable by signing in daily and commenting to hopefully lend out a helping or encouraging hand where I needed one.       whatever helps keep us focused on sobriety right?  Or as I like to put it:  whatever keeps me honest.  ..I will gladly not drink with you today 
What I get most out of AA is community (fellowship) and a program that lets me work on myself (really only the first two steps are about alcohol). I also dont use a traditional higher power- and I don't pray so I have searched for and continue to search for rituals to remind me of what matters. I think you will probably be fine as long as you continue to connect with people (find community wherever you are at) and remember the things you do that lead to the first drink (for me it's isolation and fear) and the tools you picked up to work on that...That said if there is a meeting you like that doesn't have so many obnoxious people- you might want to drop in on occasion... the rest of us heathens do need people like you around to relate to and to not feel so alone! But of course no point in trying to help if your heart isn't in it :) .
The AA I go to is super open minded. They say  God  but it is whatever we want that to mean to us. I think you just need to shop around. I had to go to a few before finding one I liked. 
In my area there are several atheist/agnostic meetings. They're very chill but still a little culty.
Where I live AA is the only face to face recovery program available and as an atheist that has been tough but I need that face to face time. This time around I've been open and non combative about my beliefs and have found people much more open and willing to accept me than in the past...One thing I just discovered yesterday was an issue of the Grapevine from October 2016 dedicated to stories of atheists and agnostics that have found successful long term sobriety and recovery in AA. For me I've hung around AA long enough to see the changes it has made in peoples' lives and as someone who appreciates some eastern spiritual traditions like Buddhism and Taoism I can 100% get behind the idea of being of maximum service to others as a tool for changing my consciousness and in turn my life. If you take away all the god shit in AA's archaic literature that's what it boils down to for me...Admit you've got a problem (I'm powerless over alcohol once I take a drink as in once I start it's blackout city but I'm not powerless over my life or my recovery fuck that). Have some faith that working the AA program can help you stay sober and improve your life. Admit where you fucked up. Admit who you hurt. Make shit right. Stay honest. Help others. That's my secular AA program that fits perfectly with the steps as they were originally conceived (there were only six in the beginning)...If you want to check out some of those stories or any other atheists or agnostics that see this are interested:..http://www.aagrapevine.org/october-2016-table-contents..You can get a free seven day trial with just an email. No credit card required. Shit they didn't even send me a verification email I just immediately logged in with my username...Anyway good luck with your recovery I'm not trying to be an AA evangelist just sharing some shit I've been coming to terms with in my own recovery in the last few weeks.
I feel you. Lately I've been having more and more problems with AA I just sit in meetings with my head screaming. I can't quite articulate it yet. 
I sometimes feel frustrated with AA too but I know it is an important part of my recovery for myself. A good thing that someone told me is 'Take what you like and leave the rest' Everyones journey is different and that's totally okay!
Sounds like the group was good for you at first in the critical stage but now you seem to need a clearing ground for something different.  No harm in that; you can always go back if you want.  As for breaking up with anyone well the fact that you feel you even have to break up with anyone seems that the relationship is not a healthy one.  You are not dating your sponsor.  It is hard to leave any relationship with which we are invested but it seems like it is time to go on to other things.
