-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/860ayy/does_it_get_better/

. Hey guys.. Long time lurker but decided to actually be apart of 'stop drinking' Question for you guys...Does it actually get better? I'm a few weeks sober and I'm having a hard time imaging that life does get better. It just sometimes feels like it's always going to dark and a constant struggle a merry go round of sorts. I'd love to hear some of the things in your lives that have changed since quitting drinking because I feel so frustrated atm.
----------immediate responses--------

Quitting the booze isn't a miracle cure. It's not going to make everything better. It's going to put you on a place where you have the tools time energy to make it better but it's not a 1 stop shop. When we're boozing we neglect ourselves and those around us. When we stop we have time on our side and none of the nasty side effects of that poison preventing us from doing things. Alcohol is a depressant it took a long time to become an alcoholic and it'll take some time to recover from the tangled web we wove. All we can do is stick at it and not sit back expecting life to fix itself that part is down to us. We got this!
It gets so much better. Everything in my life has improved relationships looks money and stress. It's amazing how much has changed in a relatively short time. It feels like much longer then 7 weeks though. More like seven weeks (time went so slowly at first)
It has got better for me slowly but surely. I'm starting to see the difference a series of little changes added together produces once you add a bit of time to the equation...Don't get me wrong it's only by my own conscious effort I'm seeing the change but it's got to the point where I can see a brighter future as long as I keep doing what I'm doing...Rome wasn't built in a day...
I've read that alcohol can change your brain chemistry in such a way that you might feel down during the period that your brain needs to get used to being sober. When you're down many things can feel like a struggle; more than they would usually. ..In the other hand being sober might lay bare underlying issues that you didn't notice before...For example I notice that I get a bit of anxiety about my job (afraid of not performing well enough without there being reasons for me to feel this way) at night and it keeps me awake. I didn't have that before; probably because I numbed those feelings or passed out before they could appear with alcohol. ..Good news is that I now get to work on those uncomfortable emotions.
Yep it's got better for me. I like the analogy of putting my oxygen mask on first before helping others put theirs on. Not drinking is the first step towards happiness aka a healthy mind and body that I can use for good. Slow and steady!
Thanks for asking this question and thanks everyone who has responded! I am several months sober and my early sobriety hopefulness has well and truly work off - I'm scared it's not going to get better...I feel stuck between where I have come from (alcoholism - don't want to go back) and where I was hoping sobriety would take me. Just really hanging on hoping it will get better. IWNDWYT. 
It does get better and it gets worse and it gets better again..I think what changes the most is how we cope with the inevitable ups and downs in life. We mature emotionally after we can no longer rely on alcohol to numb us from everything around us. We roll up our sleeves and we take things on and we learn that everything will be okay. In the beginning you have to have a level of faith that everything will be okay after a while and after some victories you learn that it will be okay. It makes the bad times more tolerable because you know you can tackle them and that there are certainly better times ahead.
Thank you so much for your replies. It truly makes me feel no so alone. 
