-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/864odf/thoughts_from_aa/

Today is my 21st day sober. I've been attending about 4 meetings a week. Recently I heard some things I wanted to share with anyone else who is struggling right now. ..A woman was speaking and said that even when success seems impossible you can do anything you put your mind to. Sounds like motivational fluff right? But she went on: an active alcoholic/addict may find themselves in a position where by all means it shouldn't be possible for them to get intoxicated. But if they're set on it they absolutely *will* find a way to get intoxicated because that's what their addiction demands of them. Think about that. If you put all that energy and effort and motivation into anything else you could accomplish anything. Since I heard her say that I've been asking myself every morning: "Where's your drinking effort today?" It's still inside you even if you've stopped drinking waiting for you to put it to use. ..The other thought comes from my sponsor. I was telling him about how hard it's been but about the productive things I've been working on and that I finally had a really good day. He said this: "You know why you feel good? That's your self-esteem. And we get self-esteem by doing esteemable acts. You had no self-esteem while drinking because you were acting poorly. If you keep doing good things you'll keep feeling good."..So if you're having trouble ask yourself two questions. Where is my drinking effort today? And what esteemable acts can I do today?..Just wanted to share hope someone can get something out of it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't think I have ever thought of it that way. I mean I always notice how productive I am when I'm not drinking but had never considered the effort that goes into trying to get intoxicated. Thanks for sharing I think I will begin asking myself the same question in the morning :)
I love this I never thought of it this way
This is awesome thank you!
Two questions that help put things into perspective one day at a time. Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for sharing! 
Wow this is one of the coolest things I've read here.  Thanks for sharing!
Brilliant!  
