-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86h6pn/struggling/

Today was rough and long work almost drove me to drink but I didn't. It's the first time in the 10 sober days I have that I really wanted a beer. I am irritable and annoyed but finally home here on SD and trying to relax. Going to watch some tv and get to bed thank you for being here to help me get over my cravings. 
----------immediate responses--------

Same for me today but I won't drink with you. Have a good night. 
Right there with you...I won't drink tonight.
Today was rough for me too. I wanted to join in the office drinking so bad. My co-workers call Thursdays "Friday Eve" and it always includes drinking. Then I stepped outside to super nice weather and wanted to drink wine on my deck. I ended up pushing my kids on their saucer swing outside. Thankfully the desire to drink has passed. 
Well done all for not drinking!  The cravings lose so much steam after a while of not drinking.  Hang in there and make not drinking a habit.  It will get easier... even after a crappy day!
Stay strong!!
Nicely done.  Today was a great day after all  
I think we're all feeling similarly.  Maybe do some stretching and breathing exercises pray/meditate take some vitamins and chill until bedtime.  Sheesh I should take my own advice.  Anyway IWNDWYT.  Take care.
This is my third day. I was off and craving some beer. It wasn't a stress response more like a  just take it easy and treat yo self  kinda feeling. But I fought it and kept myself busy and made some yummy food and played some video games with the BF. I'm proud of us both for staying strong! I will not drink with you today. 
Keep at it!  Some days are like that. You are rewiring your brain into healthier patterns - IWNDWYT   
Irritable and annoyed are normal feelings! And you could get rid of them with a drink....or you could just get some sleep because you probably won't feel irritable and annoyed in the morning. .
Good job thus far!
