-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86k8en/i_forgot_my_water_bottle_last_night/

Today is my day 4. I woke up and realized 2 things: ..I forgot bring my water bottle to bed last night and I didn't even notice. This means I wasn't dehydrated from drinking and didn't have to take Tylenol or something because my head was already hurting. ..I forgot to take a half of a sleep aid pill and didn't even notice. I slept so well and woke up with energy for the first time in a long ass time! ..I know that doesn't seem like a lot but for me  it was very exciting! ..Everyone struggling: be strong! I'm proud of you and I will not drink with you today! ..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!  I'm chugging right along with you!  Life isn't easy right now but the pride i have in myself for not drinking this week is helping me get through it. (And this sub!!). We can do this for ourselves!  I will not drink with you today :) 
I know the feeling! For me I know I am doing well when I do not need to chug pedialite and juice in the morning. Last night I fell asleep naturally. You say it doesn't seem like a lot but I find that feeling exciting as well! Keep it up! IWNDWYT
ha!  i know what you mean.  i used to have that middle of the night stagger to the kitchen and fumble around for some advil and drink a litre of water and then try to get back to sleep.  and then finally at some point i would doze off.  next thing i knew the alarm was going off and it was time for work and my mouth was dry as a desert again and the headache although abit numbed from the pills was still there.  ..a couple of weeks ago just after getting sober i wasn't feeling well with a touch of a cold and i didn't sleep well and was up drinking a cup of coffee sinuses stuffed up a bit of a ugh in my throat and i was looking out the window and realized... man even with this i feel so much better than i normally used to.  ..these little things are a lot.  anything that gives you a positive perspective on not drinking is a good thing no matter how big or small.  enjoy each of these new experiences. ..all the best on your sobriety!.
Good more and more little things will come into your life that will make you appreciate sobriety IWNDWYT!
Those things are like "non-scale victories" for a dieter. They are just as important as numbers on a scale or number of days sober! Great observation and good luck!!.
I had a good sleep last night too. Sobriety for the win.
So far the sleep even when I haven't gotten enough of it has been the best part of not drinking. And it's a huge motivator to keep it up.
No it is A LOT those are huge steps and great things happening in your life that you are noticing wonderful job! Keep at it it's worth it.
Today is my day 6 i feel you on not being hungover and not needing pain killers! Today I switched my morning painkiller to vitamins :)
That's great!
Sleep is the best isn't it? :)..I used to panic when I couldn't find a water bottle or big cup to place next to the bed when I turned in since I knew I'd wake up parched and dying of thirst in the middle of the night...Now I often bring a glass of water to bed out of habit but remember not to drink it because I don't want to get up to pee...I'd rather have the second problem than the first...Sleeping through the night was never an option when I was a drunk.  Now it happens almost every night...I love sleep so I love being sober...Plain and simple..
Good sign!!  
Stay on the course it's work but it's worth it. Not drinking with you today.
I wonder if other's who are a little further on in sobriety enjoy the reminders of early improvements as much as I do? :) What a thrill  ture22!
The fact that I can naturally is one of the reasons I'm not wanting to drink. Hold on to these reminders to keep up sobriety. IWNDWYT
Day four too! It definitely feels good to finally be hydrated again. 
"I know that doesn't seem like a lot but for me it was."..Friend...That is everything to all of us.  Your little lightbulb moments and moments of recognizing changes are why I'm here!!!  I remember those moments.  ..Wait for your bowels to get in order.  THE POOPS!  OMG THE FANTASTIC POOPS!
That's awesome! And I used to do the same. I'd fill a giant water bottle and have to refill it once throughout the night get up to pee and take tums constantly. ..So I am happy for us! And everyone else on here :)
&gt; I know that doesn't seem like a lot...I'm sure everyone in this subs knows/appreciates that it's a big deal. No need to qualify or minimize the accomplishment own it and be proud of it!
Congrats. It's all those little things that add up to the bigger thing: genuine happiness.  
I love going to bed hydrated and clean of alcohol... my sleeps are so much deeper. Congrats to you!
sober sleeping is the best
There's hope for me. Haven't slept well at all but only at two days. I am tired but much less dehydrated.
Also my day 4! I'm noticing more energy during the day and I guess that's because of better sleep! So wonderful reading about where you're at! I will not drink with you today!
