-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86kwi7/question_for_all_you_sobernauts_about_a_spouse_in/

Hey all you non-drinkers and aspiring non-drinkers. I've run into a situation where I feel like I could use a little advice and I was hoping someone here might have some productive thoughts. I'm not going to go much into my history with alcohol but please check out my post history if you're curious. Short version is I've been sober for a little over two years...My wife has been extremely supportive and complimentary of my journey all along but was not ready to give up alcohol when I did. I have been perfectly OK with this; we have drawn some light boundaries at things that make me uncomfortable like buying alcohol for her. I prefer her when she's sober but I respect her right to let off some steam...Recently however she has begun dropping hints that she would like to stop and last night we spent an hour talking about how she has felt powerless over alcohol and desperately anxious about life in general especially when our two kids are screaming (totally understandable I think... they are wonderful children but prone to outbursts and mood swings as I think all children are... she just takes their yelling as a personal referendum on her success as a mom) which leads her too often to the solace of a glass of wine. She takes some medicine to help with her anxiety but she feels its not really working for her the way she needs it to so she turns to wine for backup...I've encouraged her to seek out a counselor to develop some coping skills for her anxiety and told her as firmly as I could without demanding action that I would be happy to come to AA with her because in my personal situation I felt like it was monumentally helpful to me especially in my first year. I have been open with her about my own struggles since becoming sober while not trying to be preachy about it and told her I would love to talk about anything that comes to her mind on the subject. I personally believe that her anxiety will feel manageable to her once she has a few months of sobriety and I just want to do whatever is best to get her there...I believe that this needs to be her decision if she is to follow through with it and make sobriety a focus in her life but if anyone has some thoughts on how to support her in getting her over the starting line so to speak I am all ears...Thanks for reading. I will not drink with you today...TL/DR - I love my wife. Want to help her address her sobriety.
----------immediate responses--------

I think your approach so far is pretty much perfect.  You're there you're supportive and you know it's here journey and you can't do it for her.  Don't change a thing.
I agree - your approach is admirable and pretty much perfect. Stay strong and as you say its her decision. I will not drink with you today.
Wow. How you're handling all this with your wife is exactly what I should be doing with my husband who still drinks. I'm only 2 weeks in so I'm still figuring all this out but sounds like you're going at this with lots of care and emotional maturity. 
See /r/Alanon. A support group for you--friends and family of alcoholics. 
Don't know about your wife but alcohol makes my anxiety so much worse. It totally gets better when I drink but when the alcohol wears off the anxiety bounces back harder. And then I get anxious *about* alcohol and the whole thing turns into a vicious loop...I have no advice but you have my empathy.
If she suffers from anxiety then she will need to find another solution to managing it.  Consider breathing meditation prayer or whatever.  
