-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86kz5l/my_active_alcoholic_so_thinks_he_is_attending_aa/

He has been so encouraging to me in many ways. Verbal praise and encouragement over my attendance to meetings and to the program. Support in my struggle with the God stuff but determination to work these steps and make them relevant to me as an Agnostic. He stopped drinking wine around me because it was not just my vice but the only alcohol I drank. He guzzles scotch around me instead. However it occurred to me the other night as I was driving him home that we rarely ever went out before because NEITHER of us could drive (there or back). In fact there are several perks to him with me sober. He admitted after my asking that he finds me "a little less fun" now and yet... I think he is enjoying the quicker dinners (amazing how much faster I can follow a recipe sober lol) the clean kitchen after the unrestricted chauffeur the extra alone time because of my meetings and that only one of is incapacitated and it gets to be him! I feel a resentment brewing. 
----------immediate responses--------

You may be amazed with some patience what effects your Sober example may precipitate...When I own my Sobriety when I embrace an Unimpaired Life I accrue benefits *irrespective* of what others choose.  ..If I act with sober kindness I'm attractive to others...That doesn't mean I embrace criticism.  If my SO was drinking and said I was  less fun  my response would be  please join me for plenty of sober fun. 
You should tell him you have no dues or fees but you do have expenses and make him give you a dollar.
"we rarely ever went out before because NEITHER of us could drive (there or back)"  &lt;--Yup this was me and my spouse!  We were missing out on SO MUCH!
Al-Anon Family Groups is a great resource for people like you who have to deal with people like him. It is an excellent supplement for AA. 
I'd bitch slap him
Give him a service position greeting newcomers so he always has to answer the door.... 
