-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86qdd6/90_days/

It will be 90 days sober come midnite tonite!! Proud to say that I've made it this far sober after relapsing several times in the last two years. The first 60 days were really an emotional roller coaster with feelings of insecurity and a general sense of how life will be without alcohol. As I move along and accomplish a lot of things sober I can confidently say that I don't need a crutch to help me feel good. The only thing I notice these days is a sense of fatigue and sluggishness which usually disappears when I exercise. You can do it folks. And remember no celebrating with alcohol on any sober milestone. I've done that many times and relapsed in the past!
----------immediate responses--------

Nice work. 
Good for you!  I'm nearly exactly halfway to where you are and reading about your success makes me all the more excited to get there. You're right: it can be a real emotional rollercoaster. But even then I'm kind of enjoying it. The  ups  are really refreshing and even though the  downs  are difficult I feel more alive now when the difficult feelings come. Nobody wants difficult feelings but they're a part of life. A part I drank to blunt and avoid. I'd rather feel the intensity of the difficult emotions than to lose sight of my emotional life I guess. ..Anyway congratulations!  90 days is really something to be proud of!..(Every night before bed I comment on a new post to show support. Doing that helps me keep my sobriety on my mind and on track.  Tonight it was your post. Thank you for helping me stay sober tonight.)
Congratulations on 90 days! You got this!
I'm hot on your heels! Having a hard time right now but it'll pass I'm sure all things do. Roller coaster this is but I have a feeling it's gonna be worth it. Congrats! 
Amazing achievement well done!!! I'm nearly at my 60 days and I'm experiencing all those weird feelings of insecurity and a general sense of how life will be without the booze so I'm happy to hear from someone not too far ahead that these feelings diminish over time. ..You must be very proud of yourself we are all very proud of you. I hope you enjoy your 90 days and celebrate with some wonderful food some good company (if company is your thing!) and a beautiful setting in which to enjoy the other two. &lt;3
