-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86qlta/next_step_solid_workout_commitment_anyone/

So...... I am on day 4 of my second sober streak. I was sober from February 15th until March 17th. I was doing well began working out again but eating allot more sugar than I was used to. I drank last weekend I had planned to with it being paddy's day it wasn't an urge and honestly I think it was something I could have passed up. But one drink lead to another and another....  anyway i am back committed to not drinking today or tomorrow or the foreseeable future. Committed to fighting any and all urges which I find are infrequent...I bought an unlimited one month pass to a local spinning studio and would like to start using it this weekend tomorrow morning. I wondered if anyone else is struggling to stay motivated to work out and would like to hold each other accountable to hit the gym go running whatever? If you're ready to take sobriety one step further to make ur body feel even better start to feel more fit maybe drop a few lbs.... let me know.... ..I'm finding it hard to think about moving my ass in the morning!!!
----------immediate responses--------

I worked out every day even while I was drinking.  The wine store was on the way home from the gym...It feels great to sweat all that crap out of your body though!
I would love to. One of my goals is to walk my dogs every day even just half an hour. I used to do it religiously. Now that I don't be spending half my time hungover I miss my walks. So far my withdrawal symptoms have been brutal but I want to walk every day and have no one to walk with or be accountable to. It's not the kind of workout you do but if you're interested I'd love an accountability partner!
Count me in!  Starting an at-home video series (its 80 days in duration - Cardio weights core work stretching) yoga 2-3x's a week and daily walks with the pup.  I know for me to continue down this path of sobriety I need all the endorphins I can muster...and plus I gotta work off all the treats I've been inhaling (I'm ok with the treats...I ate in a restricted fashion for a long time so I could get my wine calories in every day...I'm learning how to enjoy food for foods sake).
