-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86u0f7/self_defeating_thoughts/

This is more of a vent than anything but please feel free to comment and leave your thoughts.  Do you ever feel obsolete and/or not needed/taken for granted?  I get these thoughts occasionally and use them as a test but wish they would stop.  I've got a pretty good life have a great family make a decent living and in good health.  I have struggles like everyone but don't feel comfortable talking with people about them because I'm the one people come to talk to when they have problems and I like that.  I like to try to help and fix things.  The way I see it a lot of the problem is I have worked from home for almost 18 years.  It's so easy to get isolated and never make actual contact with people.  I'm not a hermit but I used to coach my kids sports activities help run some youth rec leagues and volunteer.  My kids have outgrown all that and now I have to wait for grandkids but who knows about that!  I guess I just feel stuck and barely worthwhile.  The good thing is I do have a few good healthy outlets like crossfit running and lots of things to fix around the house.  Like I said I use this as a test and know when I can make it thru a period like this without drinking the other times are easy. Pity party over! I wish you all the best and hope you have a great weekend.  I'm glad this board is here.  
----------immediate responses--------

I have found a lot of joy and I suppose some purpose in writing...Also just plain enjoying life.
If you work from home and if it is on the computer perhaps you could travel to a public place with internet connectivity and work from there?  At least it would put you in contact with more people.  ..Also this is the time of your life that you can get involved with things without having to drag your kids to it or be dragged to your kids' things.  Maybe go coach somebody else's kids sports?
Sounds like a great plan.  I hope to follow the same.  Thanks for taking the time to give out some advice.  I appreciate it .
