-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86w0te/18_beautiful_days/

I wanted to say hello and thank you for posting stuff that lurkers can read and get inspired by. I liked what I saw so now I'm here!..I stopped drinking 18 days ago. In that time I've felt almost like my old self. There is a lot more of the old me still in here than I realized! I thought time and life experience had robbed me of my peace and optimism when actually I had been choosing to trade those things for transient pleasure. I'm grateful that the only thing alcohol has really cost me has been my sense of self. I'll be 30 soon and I'm looking forward to arriving there healthier and happier. I've got a 16 month old son who deserves a present and enthusiastic mother. I was not physically dependent on alcohol but found myself using it as an anxiolytic most nights and basically becoming a wine mom caricature. Looking forward to putting my kid to bed so I could drink instead of looking forward to it so I could cuddle and rock him. Drinking so doing the dishes was less boring. That sort of thing. ..I've been making it my daily mission to 1) not drink and 2) get SOME kind of exercise daily. I've been walking my kid to the park most days which he loves. I've also gotten back into yoga which feels great. And who knows- maybe my butt will slowly start to look less like a sack of potatoes. ..So that's it for now. Thanks for reading this. I've got some pretty significant struggles and problems like everyone but I'm going to save those demons for when they're louder. Right now I can't even hear them over the birds chirping...Also y'all weren't playing about La Croix. That $h!t is delicious. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Hey go you!  My 18 day twin.  It is wonderful to wake up to beautiful days feeling so much better.  Long may it continue Congrats :)
Hey. 14 days here. Today's the first time verbally turning down a drink instead of just avoiding alcohol. I feel like myself for the first time in a long long time. ..Drinking seltzer too. Just not La Croix. First week I drank a ton of soda. The sugar helped. Now I'm done with the sweet stuff. 
You are a good writer and this is powerful  I thought time and life experience had robbed me of my peace and optimism when actually I had been choosing to trade those things for transient pleasure 
