-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/874ftp/day_4_thoughts_of_a_chronic_relapser/

I had seven years in my 20s then I drank. I managed at first. Only (ha) 3-6 beers a day. That crept up to 10 a day but only at night. About six years ago I started ducking out for a couple at lunch. ..One day I took a slug of bourbon before work. Soon I was  working  from home more and more and drinking throughout the day. ..Eventually I stopped working. I would drink from the moment I woke up until I passed out. Wake up drink until I pass out rinse repeat. ..My stomach was a mess. I knew I was in trouble and I went to treatment. I managed to stay sober a few months then drank. Back to treatment this time managing 11 months then I drank. And I've been in this cycle now for five years. ..Most recently I had 14 months sober before I thought it would be a good idea to smoke weed. Any guesses where that led? ..For the past three months I led a double life. I'd drink a couple on the way to work a couple at lunch and 6 or so before bed. When my girlfriend left town I would double my intake...I somehow kept it secret but I was becoming absent from my life. Barely getting work done. Barely showing up for my girlfriend. I lost touch with my friends. I was miserable. ..So I told her and I stopped for a few days. But I kept smoking weed. Bad idea. I was leaving the door open in my mind that I could still control this thing. Back to the bottle I went for a couple more weeks. ..Last Thursday I gave her my wallet and keys and asked her to hold them until I could at least get a few days clean. So here I am. The shakes and sweats have mostly stopped. My sleep is still pretty bad but I'm at least getting 4-5 hours a night. ..I've been to meeting a day and shared about what I've been going through. I've let my therapist sponsor sober friends family and girlfriend actually be there for me. My emotions are all over the place anger fear frustration shame regret. And sometimes a ray of hope and happiness. ..I'm beaten. But I've been here before and I'm terrified I can't hold onto this thing. I know what I have to do. I have to put sobriety front and center. ..It's been a challenge because of old resentments. I've become a cynic. I've forgotten how to connect and stay connected when sober. People come into my life and I push them away. Eventually I've gotten lonely stressed angry. Why wouldn't I drink with all those feelings and no way to manage them? ..None of that for now. I can't control my future self. ..This morning I woke up at 5:00am to go to a meeting. And I haven't taken a drink. That's all I have and need for this moment. This day. ..I know there's hope and I know the road ahead will be arduous. But I have you. If there are any other chronic relapsers out there please share how you finally got it. ..I won't drink for today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing it help not only you but others too.  
Thank you for posting. I see myself in your story. No matter what I will not drink with you today
Damn well written sir. I have no words of wisdom to share but just positive vibes that you find the peace your looking for.
So much positivity coming your way. We're here for you and believe in you.  
I used to drink a pint of cheap whiskey everyday after work in two separate gulps. The weekend was a couple of fifths or a couple of pints per day. The last time I drank I had just under three pints and had to work the next day. I woke up still drunk and lurched my way through the shift feeling terrible downing my existence. That night after I thankfully made it home without anything happening I looked at my life honestly. I loathed my dirty house. My people had long abandoned me with good cause. I was alone. I was destroying myself because I had given up trying to be a better person. I was beyond disturbed thinking this was how my life would end after only 28 years of living. I made a firm commitment with myself never again. I've done some terrible things while drinking. I have no identity without alcohol I am a shell of a person but I'll be damned if I am an intoxicated one. I didn't drink the next day and felt horrible but nothing as bad as a "good" bender hangover. The days add up and I'm still a wreck. I don't feel ill anymore but I have no clue how to live sober. I have hope now and the opportunity to see how this plays out. It is with that hope that life can go on that I will not drink with you today friend. You can do this!
I got it after I hit rock bottom. Then I hit it again. Then for the fun of it I hit it and didn't get up for a while. After the 3rd day sober or so I realized I'm in my 30s with nothing I really want accomplished. The thought of me lying on my death bed in absolute agony thinking of the life that I've wasted was enough of a wake up call that something needed to change and the answer had to come from within. ..&gt; None of that for now. I can't control my future self...The big thing there is for now. You can control your present self. Your future self is an illusion something that hasn't happened yet but it will if you don't make the conscious effort to not drink in the present. ..All you ever have is today. Don't drink for today. 
I feel like you have been through so much that you deserve the best advice there is out there.  It's definitely here in this space and you will find a lot of support and wisdom.  Speaking of wisdom there is a [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7jbb0i/collected_comments_lucky_number_7th_edition/) there that has a lot of really good stuff.  I imagine that you have a lot of good advice to share here and your story will be so helpful to others.  Remember be honest with yourself but be kind.  
Your username is funny and apt. Keep up the honesty and humour. Let it bleed into everything you do...Good luck.
Good luck. Chronic relapser here. Took my first drink at 14 and would spend the next 14 years sinking lower and lower into the pit of alcoholism. Its hard to be honest with yourself and face all of the pain you've put yourself through. Missed opportunities regrets and isolation often haunt me when I make the decision to get sober. In the past I have relapsed on alcohol to mute my inner demons. Today I will face my feelings and live with my mistakes. Today I will not drink with you. This is an excellent support system and always readily available. I pray that you and me and every other user is able to find hope and live a clean and honest life.
I appreciate you and Thank you. I will not drink with you today.
i just got this in an email from Belle. . There are a lot of us who come to quitting drinking with a  try harder' attitude .  I'll begin tomorrow and I'll try harder. .     Think about weight loss instead of drinking. Let's say I am trying to lose weight and every day I start with good intentions and maybe I do well for a few days but then I eat a piece of cake. A few days later I eat an entire cake. I start the diet again with:  I just have to try harder. .     How about instead of trying harder I tried different?.     Different things I could do: remove the cake from the house remove all of the junk or processed food from the house give it away donate to the women's shelter throw it out. (Remove the alcohol give it away donate to friends at work pour it out.).     I could go to the store and get healthy food for an entire week plan all seven days' worth of meals throw in a few snacks and a few healthy treats like raisins and pineapple. (Get sober replacement drinks lots of different kinds and teas and decaf coffee and some sober reward treats like raisins and pineapple.).     I'd tell someone that I'm starting a new eating thing and ask for their support. (I could have a sober penpal and a place where I can be accountable.).     I could find a blog written by someone who has successfully changed their eating and read their blog from day one to see what they struggled with and how they coped. (Hey I know a good sobriety blog!).     I can have an appointment with a food person. (I could have a call with a sober coach a counsellor a therapist.).     I can subscribe to a podcast about healthy eating. (Hey I know a good sober podcast series!).     Or I can try harder. I can get up tomorrow with all of the booze still in my house with all the same stress as yesterday with the court case and the in-laws and the car brakes and the snow and the vacation and the fundraiser and the laundry and the special needs child and I can say that starting today I'm going to  try harder. .     If you've been trying things to be sober you can say this to yourself:  I'm going to quit for 100 days even if I hate it. I want to see how much better being sober is Belle assures me it's worth it. .     And it is.
I never relapsed and one reason why is i talked a lot about how i felt and also all that stuff i kept bottled up inside.  Find people you can trust and start getting that stuff out. Especially the stuff you feel the worst about or that bothers you the most.  You are re-programming your brain. It will take time.  Unburden yourself and you will feel so much better and it will be a lot easier to stay sober. As always that choice is yours.  Good luck and keep trying.
We're all here for you. I was going down the same path (minus the weed) and know how frustrating and depressing it can be. We can do this! 
Wow! I'm blown away! I don't have any advice. I think you're doing everything  right! I think maybe you just need support probably mostly from you. I think often supporting ourselves or self validating can be hella tough. But good luck! I believe in you! You sound an awful lot like me. I feel like we're not lost yet but if we don't find a way to get and stay sober soon we could be. 
