-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8779bp/hit_rock_bottom_again_i_cant_keep_doing_this_late/

I blacked out last night and woke up to find out that I choked my one friend out and dislocated another ones shoulder. All of my friends hate me yet again. ..Don't relapse... very very bad things can happen...So I'm pretty much excommunicated from my friend group... but in a positive light these kids were kind of a bad influence on me in the first place. ..I'm not an everyday alcoholic I'm a binge drinking type. I drink because of severe depression and anxiety that I developed from a very rough childhood where I never stuck up for myself... so now when I black out I go into fight or flight and it's like I'm making up for all the times I ever got shit on and just took it when I was a kid. ..it also doesn't help that I grew up with sociopathic best friends who would slug liquor and get in fist fights with each other almost every weekend so this behavior seems completely normal to me. Apparently that's not normal in the real world...Long story short I'm going to try to get an emotional support animal note from my psychologist and rescue a dog that can help me with my depression and anxiety as well as motivate me to go out less and stay in with the dog more. ..I was doing so well going on 3 months with no blackouts drugs or binges... now I'm back to square one. ..Thank you for listening... IWNDWYTD.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry you're going through this Duck...Sounds like you're seeing a psychologist? Have you spoken with him/her regarding drinking? I also suffered from depression and anxiety and I found that therapy and prescribed medications were helpful (and they worked only after I *stopped drinking*). The med's didn't work when I was chasing them with wine ;)...Now onwards and upwards!
thanks for your research in the field and thanks for reporting back to us :) also real cool that you're back. Take it as an experiment in fuckery and go get that dog ducky :) also don't choke people out dude :) being kind is way cooler..
Hang in there man.  Your story is just like mine in so many ways.  I remember the first time I got sober and my dog was a huge part of that.  I hated myself and felt like everybody hated me but he never did.  On those days like today after another fucking bender he was the only reason I got out of bed and went outside for some exercise.  My life got better and more full and I got a great job and had to leave him behind.  Now I'm back on Day 1--a-fucking-gain--and I miss him so damn much.  I hope you're able to find one!
Thank God you didn't kill someone.  .My best advice is to not bring a defenseless animal into the mix until you get back on your feet health-wise.  Emotional support or not these precious furbabies rely on we humans for absolutely everything.  If it were me I would learn to care for myself first before I added the responsibility for an animal.  Good luck.  IWNDWYT.
