-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/878nwu/to_the_serial_relapsers/

How many times did it take? I'm starting to lose hope here and would appreciate the insight...Despite what my counter says I'm on day one again.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
It took me 3 real tries and several half assed attempts. This time it was me really wanting it for myself. I'm finally not doing it for anyone but myself and I think that is why I feel so committed. Before I would just sit and think "if I can not drink for x amount of days/weeks/months it isn't a real problem so I can indulge sometimes." Which always turned into daily. It was always a threat of being kicked out or a relationship ending where I would stop and start. But now this is all for me. I don't think there is a magic number of relapses or slips. I think it's about making myself a priority and wanting to be a better version of myself...From a picture I saw earlier: Unfuck yourself. Be who you were before all that stuff happened that dimmed your fucking shine. That's really what I try to think about this time around. I can feel the difference in my attitude toward sobriety. It's not this oh no I can't party or have a good time now. It's a feeling that I can have fun without making an ass out of myself and not blow all of my savings and remember things more clearly...I guess what I'm getting at is that it isn't how many times you fall it's about getting back up. It took me a lot of soul searching to take it seriously. I thought I would never be happy without alcohol in my life but for once I'm looking forward to this journey. I still crave it and wish I could be a normal drinker but I know that for my own sanity that isn't an option...It's okay to slip. It's normal. I don't think I've met someone who was able to become sober without hiccups. There's always exceptions to the rule but I'm going off my own experience with other alcoholics. The best thing about my set backs were they taught me where I was going wrong. 
I can't even count how many times I quit. That's why I'm here. I hate it.
So far. Only relapsed once after 32 days ..At the time I was angry and disappointed with myself but I looked at the positive...Drinking every day to relapsing say once a month was great progress ..12 times a year not 365..Yes better to stop!..Getting stronger and more skillful at not drinking ..Reset day 1.... Now day 53 ..IWNDWYT 
Over 4 years maybe 10 relapses?  I've hit over 250 3 times and my relapses are short - a week or less usually a day. ..Fall 10 get up 11. 
This is probably the fifth or sixth time I've quit drinking in a five year period.  To me the most important thing is to not give up because if I give up I know what lies ahead of me and it isn't what I want for my life.  Blind Melon had a song called "Walk" that I think a lot of the about when I start to get down on myself for relapsing it has a line that goes "... And I can't believe that I have to bang my head against this wall again; but the blows they have just a little more space in between them; gonna take a breath and try try again".  So that's what I do.
I'd say... 100 half-assed attempts in which I didn't have any new knowledge or skills and thought that willpower was enough. It isn't. Since I discovered that no relapses.  
Still a serial relapser here.  I'm thinking I'm definitely not trying my hardest because I don't know why I can't make it through an entire weekend.  So frustrating.
