-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/878s34/internal_shift_white_knuckling_drinking/

Welp I made it about 80 days then two weekends ago after several days of an internal shift where easily staying sober turned into constant white knuckling I drank.  Was hungover and had increased anxiety for a few days following that drinking event but told myself that it was a good reminder of why I need to never drink again.  Decided to keep my badge going...Two days ago home alone I drank again.  Had more than I anticipated I would (duh).  Time to get really honest and re-up the accountability.  Put in my request for a badge reset a few minutes ago...Next time I experience that internal shift and start thinking about drinking for several days when I know a relapse is coming on I'm not sure what I should do.  When I had this last time I talked to my wife on several days about my urges and about how part of my brain definitely did not want to drink even though another part did.  The white knuckling continued.  And then the day of leading up to me drinking when I knew inside that I was eventually going to drink I didn't want to reach out to anybody else because I wanted to drink.  So next time I don't know what I should do -- I know I should reach out but when I'm in that state I will not want to reach out because I won't want to be convinced not to drink...I'd appreciate any input.  Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I totally get this.  First off you're back and you're looking to put a stop to that pattern so good on you.  My first couple resets were exactly like that I had already decided and I wasn't trying to stop the slide hadn't even been white knuckling.  I'm not sure how I changed that up and made it to 123 days to be honest.  My husband and I got sober together and I felt an obligation to him so that helped.  I also feel an obligation to follow through on everything I am asking *him* to do.  Other things motivated me too.  Not wanting to see my badge go down to 1 day.  Not wanting a hangover regret remorse.  ..That being said I think those 80 days count.  When I had resets in the beginning I didn't "count" those days and I still don't but those days were still foundational work in the path.  They were days of laying brick.  I hope others have some good advice for you.
Maybe if you come back and read this at a weak moment - particularly where you mention being hungover and the anxiety it will help.  Best of luck...you can do this!  
I get this.  During our most vulnerable moments is when we most vehemently reject outside assistance nobody wants to be convinced that they're making a poor decision.  And that's ok.  You got through it and now the scars are deep thicker but closer to being healed.  I wish you luck friend.  Today is a new day one where we won't drink together.   Embrace it.  
Sounds like you have a plan in place. With every relapse there is a lesson learned. It hurts to reset but you and I both need to be accountable. Good luck on your new beginning. I will not drink with you today!
How about recommitting to the daily check in so you're regularly spending just a few minutes every day  taking your sobriety's temperature' and telling us how it's going with you?  ..Sometimes it can feel almost too late to reach out once what I call  the evil seed' has started to sprout!  Plus you'll have a record of your ups and downs that you can re-read to motivate yourself if you feel the whisper of that unwelcome voice again.....Glad you're back with us though buddy you're far from alone in it taking a few goes to stick.  Stick with it :)
I've been there.  What has been working for me during my current sober streak is reminding myself that at least I only *want* to drink but at one time I *needed* to drink in order to function...Not everyone has been to the point of physical dependency but reminding myself of that nightmare is helping me now.
Glad you're here.  I wasn't successful until I asked for support from others who had gotten sober.  Meetings were especially helpful!
Pardon the long response but I have historically been a chronic relapser and your post has prompted me to think about why it is that I've been able to string together 107 days this time around why this time around feels different. Certainly not easier but I feel far better equipped now than I ever was before. Every time I relapsed I learned something new. I thought I would share with you my insights in the hopes that you find even a word or an idea helpful. Everything I've written is only what has worked for me what I've observed about my own situation. Your path is your own...For me there seems to be three stages that precede a relapse. They are not always sequential but often are. First there is a trigger a stressor -- a cue in my environment that prompts a stress response or causes me to feel uncomfortable. A place a person a thing a situation a memory. Sometimes it's a single trigger but often it's a confluence of factors...Second is the internal shift the way my mind and body respond to the trigger/stressor which for me looks like feelings of restlessness irritability and frustration. I feel like my skin is itchy and I want out. I have a strong desire to flee to escape. I don't want to be me I don't want to feel the way I feel don't want to be in this situation and my mind and body reflect this. It feels a lot like I'm a prisoner pacing back and forth in my cage building myself up until.....Third danger zone. Alcohol presents itself to me as the perfect solution to my discomfort an escape route. These thoughts are not fleeting but persistent. Sometimes the thoughts are presented as offerings: "wouldn't it be nice to just have a beer take the edge off? Come on get a drink. You should drink. Why don't you drink?  Sometimes the thoughts are raw and primal; they come at me like bullets and and suddenly I find myself thinking of booze. I begin to obsess. It's all I think about. If I let the thoughts keep on I start to feel acute physical cravings. I start to miss the taste. I visualize myself drinking think of the warmth in my belly. I start to fantasize about what I'd drink how I'd do it. I want to break out of my prison. This is when I know I am in serious trouble. If I'm going to relapse the decision is made at this stage. A switch goes off and my thinking changes. I'm no longer fantasizing but am deliberately planning. I relapse in my mind well before I take that drink. ..When I finally do drink it feels at first like a great relief from the turmoil and chaos I've created in my mind but the relief gives way pretty quick and I am left in worse shape than I was before. It is an exhausting maddening cycle...I used to think it was inevitable that I'd relapse because I failed to see the many many points of intervention between stages one through three. I failed to appreciate the value of prevention and right action. Awareness has been key. ..Regarding stage one intervention and prevention I became curious about my triggers and stressors. I started to pay attention to the situations that left me feeling less than great paying particular attention to the ones that left me feeling panicked and trapped. Patterns emerged. I made a list. Certain situations/people/places I now avoid. Those I can't I at least know to prepare myself for potentially feeling shitty and uncomfortable after exposure...Then there are the coping skills -- stage two intervention. For me alcohol was THE solution to every uncomfortable feeling. I have had to learn in my recovery ways of coping and dealing with stress. Some useful ones for me are exercise (running) journalling taking hot baths eating chocolate screaming into a pillow helping someone/being of service confiding in friends/family etc. Something cathartic something that tires me out and gets me out of my head. By way of prevention I try to make these outlets part of my life. Helps put a buffer between me and the world gives me a bit of resilience so that I'm not as vulnerable to stage one triggers and stressors...If I wait until stage three to intervene hope is not lost but I need to take immediate action. I'm in AA so this is when I go to a meeting or pray urgently. I call my sponsor or a friend in the program. I come to this sub. Whatever I do I do not keep the thoughts private. I tell someone who knows I'm an alcoholic that I am thinking about drinking. The power of these thoughts is in their privacy. The goal of these thoughts is to trick me into believing that alcohol is the solution into believing that relapse is inevitable. It is not! ..Alcohol is an illusion. It promises to free us from our prisons but in fact it only fortifies the bars that keep us captive. I try to remind myself of this every single day. ..Oufh okay I'm done. Again I'm sorry for the lengthy response. It was helpful for me to write this out so thank you for the prompt. I really wish you the best. I know how hard this feels and how painful it is to white-knuckle. It doesn't have to be this way I promise.
