-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/879zzt/i_flipping_hate_cleaning/

For years I've been a drunk cleaner.  I hate house work to my core. So on my days off from work I'd strut around the house with wine or vodka and blast music and drunk clean.  By the time I was plastered my house was clean.  I haven't drank in 8 full days and I've worked 76 hrs this week alone. My house is beyond a mess and I'm off today: sober.  Im trying to clean but ugh!!! I hate cleaning and know this would be so much more pleasant with alcohol. Any advice on finding motivation to get through those tasks without alcohol?  It's fun while it lasts but by the end of the day i end up plastered and doing something stupid. I never thought THIS would be where I struggled   maybe I should hire a maid with all the money I'm saving by not drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

I would hire that housecleaner so fast I'd just be a blurry streak diving for the phone. Treat yourself!!!
Ohh.. 9 full days. I missed a day somewhere lol 
LOL!! That was ME too. I loved it. I would actually look forward to doing laundry because I would drink beer fold clothes and watch all my cooking shows. It kept me from feeling guilty about drinking/watching TV on weekends because I was still "working". I'm still figuring it out too having just arrived at 2 weeks today but I cleaned this weekend and drank lots of iced tea Perrier and LaCroix and I did drink a couple of NA beers. I know there are mixed opinions on this but for me it's working to curb that desire. I actually like the taste of beer and while it's not the same it has helped me personally when I'm looking for a beer fix. I don't drink 12 at a time like I would with real beer either. And while I was scrubbing the bathroom yesterday I focused on it being a good Spring clean giving it a fresh start like I'm experiencing in my life now after more than 20 years of daily drinking. (minus pregnancies)  If you can afford to do maid service though by all means pamper yourself.
I see this often on SD people who drunk clean. I am the exact opposite. The more I drink the messier my house becomes. I get so lazy and weak when I drink so cleaning it just out of the question. I usually just sit in my chair like a sloth. As soon as I sober up for a couple days my energy comes back and I clean like a madman! 
I'm a drunk cleaner too. I did all my spring cleaning drunk. I associate cleaning with drinking so much that when I need to do a big cleaning project I'm already planning how to get the alcohol. Ugh
Yeah why not hire a cleaner?   
Amen. Hate it too. I didn't clean while in active addiction and I still don't clean while in recovery! Yeah my place is pretty messy.   
Oh I do get it. I am in a rental that does inspections every four months. It really wigs me out and the clean-up to have it extremely nice is horrid as Kiddo is a clutterbug and I work fulltime plus and just don't have time to pimp my house - it's the basics to make it habitable and healthy and that's it. Except for house inspection time. Then I have to catch up to "let's prtend a woman lives here who has nothing else to do but clean her house all the time" look. gack. So yeah vino used to make the whole thing *seem* a lot more like the elbow grease was worth it BUT doing my first pre-inspection clean sober this past week [yes it takes a week in between working - the house is huge the yard is large] I realise it doesn't feel as exhausting physically I am not as pissed off about it as I used to be I am calmer [and firmer!] with making Kiddo wrangle her shit that's all over the place and the results are actually better. Can't say I am *enjoying* it anymore than I have in the past though. All that said - if you can get a good cleaner and afford it DO IT! If there was anyone trustworthy and hard-working in this town who does it that was available I'd have a cleaner in once a fortnight for sure. And think of it this way - whoever is doing that work is someone that probably really needs to earn the money. I used to clean houses back in my uni student days and it made the difference between eating cheap and nasty crap and eating stuff like fresh vegetables every week..
