-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87clrh/having_enough_learning_to_drink_responsibly/

Hi I've never posted on here but am currently struggling quite a bit. I'm not trying to cut drinking out of my life completely but in the past few years I have developed a dependency on the stuff and it's really starting to affect me my life and my friends and family...On Saturday night I had my first accident drunk- I'd drank too much at predrinks (I always do this) and by the time I was out I'd fallen over and today I had to spend 6 hours up at A&amp;E because I completely bruised my face. I feel really dumb by my actions (I want to be a nurse and hate using public services for my own reckless behaviour) and I think I've well and truly pissed off my friends. If I have they will be the third set of friends I have made hate me solely because of my drinking in the past year. It's not really good...My boyfriend is also starting to get at his wits end. I feel awful because I always ruin his nights too; really he becomes a babysitter. My family are starting to see what's going on and aren't happy with me either...I'm not condoning my behaviour at all- I'm fed up of feeling like shit embarrassed confused and now that I have hurt myself I feel anxious- thank God it wasn't worse...I haven't always been like this with drinking. When I was younger I used to drink but just as much as the next person and I never did anything I felt ashamed about the next day. Nowadays one drink turns into 20 in about 30 minutes and no one can keep up. I'm fed up of every mistake I make seemingly stemming from alcohol...I'm not sure how it's gotten like this. My parents drank a lot (both had military backgrounds) when I was a child and I couldn't go near them if they'd had any- from an early age I really hated drinkers and smokers. Now I am a drinker and smoker. I've had a rough few years and have really bad social anxiety (all my friends don't believe me with it but I do) and I think I drink as a crutch. Sometimes I've noticed if I have a problem I won't say anything to anyone knowing I'll let it be known next time I have a drink...I know this sub is about stopping drinking but that's not what I want to do (not entirely). Has anyone else been here and been able to learn to drink socially/comfortably/not like this? I'm never the person invited out for a couple beers. I don't know how to do that. I used to drink loads alone (about 2 bottles of wine/a bottle of spirit) but I've been a lot better lately- however at the same time worse- this is now what I do just in front of other people...I'm sick of alcohol feeling like it ruins my life. I know it's my fault- please don't tell me- no one I know has ever tried to help me with this they only shout at me refuse to speak to me etc. Are there any online groups that might be able to help me with learning to drink at a moderate manner? Would you suggest therapy?..Saturday was the final straw for me. I don't want to be like this anymore. I don't want to cut it out of my life entirely but I also want to live a freer life. A lot of my friends and my boyfriend drink but never get wasted. How can I learn?...Sorry if this comes across confusing or ranting or weird I'm just so fed up with myself and this horrible habit. :-(
----------immediate responses--------

I tried to moderate for years. Sometimes I was successful but there would always be that time around the corner where I drank to blackout. ..When I stopped initially I wasn't intending to stop for good but too many here were saying that moderation wasn't something they could do. I realised I can't either so I accepted that not drinking at all is the best option for me...Now I've got a couple of years under my belt I don't miss drinking at all.
I think starting out just not drinking for a week maybe two weeks maybe a month and just see where it takes you. Everyone has their own boundaries of what it looks like to have too many and maybe for you that means none at all? I've been trying to moderate but have bad nights on occasion and it's just not worth it. You might discover the same thing. Good luck and keep going! .
I suggest reading the book  This Naked Mind . It really opened up my eyes to alcohol and how it affects us.  Give it a try.
I didn't want to cut it out all together either. I still don't really. So I don't focus on that. I don't think about being a year or 10 years or 30 years without a drink. I only think about going today without a drink. Then tomorrow I'll set that same goal. So far I've set and achieved that goal 180 times or so. ..It it unpleasant to admit that I can't drink like everyone else. That even if I were to get away with one night or a few nights where I might be successful only having a drink or two I know that somewhere down that road will be a blackout-say-a-bunch-of-stuff-I-cant-take-back-yell-at-my-wife-humiliate-myself night. I'm sick of those nights and so is everyone around me. So I don't know about tomorrow or the next day but I do know that I will not drink with you today.  And I urge you to join me.
You might want to look into Moderation Management or HAMS harm reduction which are geared toward non-abstinence goals. ..In my case I tried MM and it led me to the decision to quit but that's just my own experience.
After trying and failing for the best part of a year and a half to stop for just six months to  reset' my problem drinking I found this sub read The Naked Mind and finally realised that when I drink now nothing good comes of it! ..The way I drank (and I was like you at one point) changed my brain chemistry and once that happened it was really hard to do anything other than get worse.  Despite repeated attempts to moderate I've accepted it's impossible for me. But I've changed the way I think about drinking and what it does for me and now it's just not something I'd choose to do anymore.  ..I am honestly so much happier as an ex-drinker   and I would never have believed I would be saying that! I wish you every success if you want and need to explore other avenues but if at some point you should find yourself back here asking us and yourself the same questions please believe me that stopping drinking need not be a terrible thing.  It's the best thing I've done for myself in years!  Best wishes.
FWIW all structured moderation programs begin with an abstinent period of six months or preferably a year. That's to let the brain heal from its active addiction. When I was trying to moderate and I learned six months was a required part of learning to do so I just about lost my shit.... and that was my first clue that I had a HUGE problem. So yeah if you are one who can moderate awesome! But an abstinent period is definitely recommended.
Why stay in a relationship with something that controls you :). Try going 7 days then a few more and another few.  You'll see how much better you'll feel without this toxic  thing  in your life! 
