-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87ehsj/45_days_sober_and_anxious_for_business_school/

.This is my first time posting. I am currently 45 days sober. I feel amazing right now. This is my third stint at a sober period and it feels remarkably different than the other two times I had a sober period (29 days and 40ish days respectively) in that I don't want it to end and I'm not counting down the days. ..I decided to go sober under the auspice of Lent (easier to say I'm giving it up to others and it holds me to a structure that doesn't feel infinite) but really I hit a week in February where I knew I needed to clean up my act. I had a huge financial decision to make--whether or not to go to business school. I knew I needed a clear mind to be able to make that choice. ..Long story short my drinking scares the hell out of me. I'm not someone who drinks to excess everyday or even every week but when I go I go. I come from a line of alcoholics. My grandmother sobered up when she was in her late 70s and my mom is an alcoholic. I am conscious of the ways I use alcohol to stunt my emotions intimacy and anxiety. I can't imagine it gets better on its own. This thread resonates with me deeply. I've read countless memoirs about women and their struggle with alcohol and sobriety and when reading each one I know I need to give it up too but I always convince myself that it will be different now that I know things will change etc. You know the drill. I've never had one drink and not wanted another. With my first stint at sobriety I made a list of how many times I blacked out and it was over 30+ (I am 27)...Here's the thing. I'm headed to business school in the fall which has a reputation for being party school. I am going to a top 12 program at a big state school--I say this to add context as to what I'm in for. I know this is the right move for me professionally and personally but I am FREAKING OUT about the potential of being sober at business school. I know I need to calm down and take it one step at a time. I have a weekend for Admitted Students the first weekend in April and I am terrified I am going to break my sober streak just out of anxiety for the weekend. I know I need to stay sober for it but I am so nervous for the weekend. Belonging relationships and making new friends make me really nervous. There are tons of new student receptions I am going to in the coming weeks where alcohol will be there and I just want it to take the edge off of my anxiety. I am a petite white woman who everyone thinks is super nice and would be shocked to know I struggle with this so much. I say that too because it infuriates me and drinking has made me feel accepted when people think I am too nice to swear or some shit like that. I am nervous of getting this moniker of the nice girl who doesn't drink or do anything bad. ..I know I don't have to drink today tomorrow or in business school. I don't know how to start new relationships without alcohol and am so nervous. I also know I am capable of doing it have done it and I love people. I also feel better than I have felt in a really long time too. My anxiety and depression feels much more manageable without alcohol poison and I am also really excitedm I love school. Business school is a crazy time and I know I need to have my priorities straight going in and being there. I am just really nervous right now about my first go at it for the admitted students weekend. I also am nervous too because I hear you're not suppose to make big life changes in your first year of sobriety but I also am best when I am busy and trying new things so I think it could be positive. Omg rambling. Help..
----------immediate responses--------

I hope you stick with your plans and achieve what you're after : ).These days I like to ask myself if I am going to honour my path and my choices with my behaviour.It all sounds like a very exciting opportunity.  IWNDWYT 
I read this quote today:...*All too often our so called strength comes from fear not love; instead of having a strong back many of us have a defended front shielding a weak spine. In other words we walk around brittle and defensive trying to conceal our lack of confidence. If we strengthen our backs metaphorically speaking and develop a spine that's flexible but sturdy then we can risk having a front that's soft and open representing choiceless compassion.*..It resonated with me. Joan Hallifax originally said it and Brene Brown talks about this at length in her book Braving the Wilderness. ..This is an opportunity for you to start off exactly as you want to be. Do what is right for you and draw on your strength without nurturing your weakness. You can do it 
I just wanted to say that I attended the Admitted Students weekend and did it SOBER. So proud of myself. I got so anxious about it in advance and the reality did not match up to the imagined. 
