-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87g3g8/ambivalence_revolving_door_syndrome/

Does anyone have any experience overcoming ambivalence in early sobriety? I had 9 months sober last year and that was after a rock bottom where I really felt I could not go on. Then I relapsed for 6 months. ..I feel like I should stop because I know drinking is not good for my mental health and I have an addictive relationship with alcohol. The last few weeks I've been sober during the week but lapsed again on the weekend. Basically I start to feel crappy so I stop then when I feel better again (by the weekend) I turn back to the booze. ..Without the 'rock bottom' I'm finding it difficult to find the motivation to stop completely. It feels like a cycle of failure every week. How do I avoid this becoming a long term behaviour? 
----------immediate responses--------

I sought help through a mental health organization and did group therapy where they gave us cognitive homework. I later sought individual therapy. While things eventually did get worse it gave me the tools to better understand the values I placed on alcohol and what the decision to drink really means to me. It's usually from a stressed self-destructive desire to escape. So I do other things that help me do that.
It's been hard for me to stay sober knowing I haven't hit bottom yet. Like  I don't have to stop just yet I can have a little more fun!  But it keeps going and going. Do I really want to have something bad happen to me to make me stop or do I want to escape unscathed? Working on that now. 
Ambivalence is extremely common. I would say that most people have some mixed feelings about not really wanting to give it up. I'm guessing you may need some additional help other than trying on your own with willpower. Have you seen a doctor? Have you gone to any support groups? For me personally antabuse has helped a lot on the weekends because I know I won't drink if I take it. I didn't really hit a rock bottom either. but I was spending way too much money on alcohol and I was sick of feeling bad and wasting my life. Do you really want to spend all of your weekends being drink and hungover? Maybe you can think of some other things you'd rather be doing on the weekends instead and use that as your motivation?
