-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87knjv/getting_married_in_may_still_struggling_almost_3/

In 9 days I will be 3 years sober. My sobriety started in a jail cell but it's been uphill every day since then. This post is about how no matter how long you're sober there are still struggles and reminders that everyone is a work in progress. ..I'm getting married May 12th. I'll spare you all the mushy gushy stuff but she is without a doubt the only reason I'm still alive today and I can't be happier to marry her. ..However lately I've been having some troubles with my sobriety. I'm in the process of getting gifts for all my groomsmen and it seems like the only thing out there are drinking related items. Just google "groomsmen gift" and see how many pages it takes you get through the flask the whiskey glasses and anything else. I was getting down on myself because I can't "take part" in these traditions. I can't share a bottle of whiskey with my groomsmen I can't toast my new wife at the reception I can't enjoy my bachelor party. All of this was making me feel like shit the past few weeks and I was taking it out on my fianc e. We talked last night and she said something that brought everything into perspective. she said: .&gt; you're not missing out on those activities you just can't drink while doing it. If you had kept drinking we wouldn't even be getting married. ..Hit me like a ton of bricks. We wouldn't be getting married I might not even be here if I kept drinking. I had it in my mind that if I'm not drinking I couldn't do those things that I was missing out. That's just dumb I can have fun at bachelor party I can toast with sparkling cider and we can share a jug of root beer. We just have it in our mind that if we aren't drinking during these activities we can't *enjoy* them. ..I've had ups and downs through the past three years but it's all lead up to the biggest up and that's getting married. I don't want to be drunk at our wedding I want to be in a clear mind and remember every single detail of it. ..Hope everyone Is having a great day. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am just a month behind you. What your wife-to-be said is very profound and true. Congratulations on your three years and on your marriage.
Such a great post - thanks for the reminder that we can all have fun without drinking - so very true. Sounds like your marrying an amazing woman -Congratulations!!! I'll be toasting you on May 12th with one of my finest sparkling seltzers and I will not drink with you today.
That's such a good point she made! You literally wouldn't be able to do any of those activities if you were drinking because they wouldn't even be happening. Because you wouldn't be together. Your wedding and bachelor party and the toasts and everything else --- being able to have them at all is a gift you gave yourself through sobriety! You can give yourself a heartfelt thanks for those enormous precious gifts by staying sober through those activities. ..Three years is amazing! Plus you'll be present - not foggy not dizzy not acting like an ass - for your whole wedding and you'll remember it all.  The wedding goes by in a second - getting to remember it properly is so important! ..So happy for you and your wise supportive articulate wife-to-be. Much joy and peace to both of you! 
Congratulations on your sobriety and your nuptials!!
Why even do the toasting? Go play golf go eat really expensive steaks go whitewater rafting go get great seats for a ballgame.  Hammered strip club bachelor parties are for amateurs.
She sounds like a wonderful woman and definitely worth staying sober for! All the best to you and your future wife. IWNDWYT.
I got my groomsmen a [leather toiletry bag with their initials embroidered on it](https://www.etsy.com/listing/158013182/huge-sale30-off-groomsmen-gifts-mens?gpla=1&amp;gao=1&amp;utm_campaign=shopping_us_LifetimeLeatherCo_sfc_osa&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_source=google&amp;utm_custom1=0&amp;utm_content=6607847&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQjw1-fVBRC3ARIsAIifYONLmux45VHVYNuSl7PS8TotPqIUK0Vw-RPuK2FpN3R4riw30RpcwA8aAvOgEALw_wcB) and they were a hit. As far as I know they all still use them to this day. 
Congratulations!  She definitely sounds like a keeper.   
Focus on the fact that you will be present for your wedding. The day goes by so fast to begin with that drinking only adds to the inability to remember much of it!..And...you won't be like my husband who spent the whole fucking reception getting shit-faced outside with his friends who were all smokers while I was inside (sober bc I was breastfeeding still) with the rest of the wedding guests. I clearly still haven't forgiven him for this.
Congratulations on both your engagement and nearly 3 years sober! I've been trying to change my mentality about things like this too. I almost feel like I'm letting people down because I can't toast their big occasions or share a beer when they're feeling down. ..I can't count how many moments I've forgotten in a blackout though or ruined because I got sad drunk or talked way more than my share. I'm definitely a better friend/partner/family member when I'm sober!
This is such a great way to think of it. I didn't realize I was hanging my idea of *enjoyment* along with alcohol. The irony is that I always end up feeling worse than I would if I just didn't drink in the first place. 
Silver monogrammed picture frames.  Congratulations on your sober nuptials.  
Money clip!  My bro got one years ago as a groomsman gift like 10+ years ago and he still raves about it. Coach - not cheap but they'll last and they're nice!..GOOD LUCK!  And congrats!
I can relate to all of this. The missing out is shitty and our society so heavily revolves around drinking...That said I know a lot of people who don't drink because they just never did. It was never a **thing** for them. They never romanticized it. They didn't chase a buzz. They don't associate every event with having a drink. ..I did. And it's so ingrained in those of us with an addiction to alcohol to focus on the fun of it not the falling down part. Not the saying things we regret part. We face those consequences early on it sobriety but then months go by and boredom sets in. The feeling of not being able to celebrate like a normal person. But all you need is a little perspective like your fianc  reminded you. It's why we come back to this sub to read and share. It's so easy to forget what all of this means and how easy it is to slip.
Great post! I was in a wedding and the guys got a dope engraved hatchet as a groomsmen gift. They were all pretty stoked about them good luck on your wedding! 
I always thought guys traded cuff links or tie clips or shaving sets.    I don't know much about that stuff!  I do know you're probably going to have a better time being sober and actually participating in every awesome minute!  Congratulations   
