-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87ma1h/how_open_are_you_with_your_alcoholism/

I'm fairly open with the fact that I don't drink... its pretty hard to miss when I'm at a work function drinking a (gasp) O'Douls or ordering seltzer when everybody has wine... but I made up a really bullshit excuse as to why I stopped drinking (I tried not drinking for a month to "get healthy" and I enjoyed it so much I just decided I would stop drinking all together... there's more but that's the gist). Being an alcoholic is so stigmatized especially in the work place and I don't want to be treated like somebody who is perpetually at the edge of a cliff.....So how open are you with the fact that you're an alcoholic? what do you say in work settings if people notice you're not drinking? (I assume most people aren't open about their struggles hence the whole alcoholics anonymous thing....)...Now here is why I ask. A woman at work who is technically a superior has obviously had a problem. I heard about people smelling booze on her a few months back... I suggested to my boss that somebody in HR reach out to her for support but he didn't want to do it. She was obviously drunk in a meeting a few weeks back it was widely talked about - again I said "one of her peers should make sure things are okay." Well then just yesterday she failed an onsite sobriety test. Oh... I don't actually know this they just announced she was taking some FMLA leave but yeah its well known what is going on...A big part of me wanted (and still wants) to reach out to her and offer some support back a few months ago maybe a few kind words and how I beat it back and fight every day to stay sober - but I'm so freaking scared of being found out that I am an alcoholic and not just some guy on a health kick that I am now feeling a bit guilty for not pushing harder... do I risk exposing myself to help a co-worker? especially one I'm not particularly close to? She's a good person Young-ish... was an up and comer. But now I don't see how she survives this. While I never drank at work (or in the middle of a work day) I have definitely been drunk at work events... definitely been guilty of being horribly hung over in the morning... I don't know. What would you guys do?
----------immediate responses--------

In the US being an alcoholic can't be held against you at the work place.  That doesn't mean you can show up drunk it means that if you need to go to meetings or rehab "reasonable accommodations" must be made.  Also it can't affect promotions...Because of that I've been very open about being an alcoholic.  Most people really don't stigmatize it.  Most people are proud of you for getting control.  Many of them wish they could as well...I found when I tried to make up reasons I could be talked into drinking.  That's not hard to do.  I like to drink.  No one ever tries to convince an alcoholic to have a drink ;)  If they did I would not respond nicely...I will not drink with you today.
I am open with my friends and family. I was embarrassed before but give no fucks anymore. We all have weaknesses and see great strength in dealing with it. ..As for non friends and non family. It's case by case. Generally I tell people that I decided that I liked drinking too much and I didn't want to have that part of my life. If a person persists or seems interested I give a bit more detail. 
I'm open if someone directly asks me why I don't drink.  Then I say "I get sick and do dumb shit when I drink."  It NEVER gets beyond that unless the person asking is interested in quitting themselves then I can talk forever to them about how alcohol has impacted me.  Most people don't give a shit.  I don't talk openly about it because it's no ones business especially at work and I don't like telling people my personal business in general.  However there's nothing wrong with reaching out to someone in any kind of pain that means you have a big heart.  I am never embarrassed of my affliction because it's mine and I handle it and I kick ass when I'm sober.  If anything work places should love recovering alcoholics because we are sober and healthy and call in less :P.  I dont know your workplace but mine is open and I don't fear anyone doing anything bad to me over being an alcoholic.  What would happen anyways?  They call me in a room and ask me if I'm alcoholic?....and then what?  I would say "uhhh ya so what..  I'm sober and I am doing nothing wrong at work.."  I truly feel the best way for a recovering alcoholic to help another is to just be a really good example.  Someone struggling will see how well you are doing and want that and work towards it.  I know when I drank nobody could've stopped me.  I had to want it.  Maybe in the parking lot slip her a "hey I know how much it sucks let me know if you ever want to talk."  
I just say "I don't stop well so I've given up starting." 
I would be very wary of reaching out to someone in the workplace to needs help but isn't seeking it out for themselves. Somehow and I don't know why that feels like it could backfire spectacularly. Maybe that seems selfish but... eek. I'd avoid that one at all costs. I wish her well obviously! But as we all know if we weren't ready to get better nobody would have been able to help us. So then really it's down to you exposing yourself to someone who isn't ready to take that information into confidence...I'm open with my family and my very closest friends. My coworkers? Nah. They can gossip about whatever they want but not about my alcoholism. 
I tend to lean on the side of openness about my alcoholism. I don't shout about my sobriety from the rooftops but I do confess to being in recovery if asked or if there's a situation that warrants it. I accept that it comes with certain risks but I'm willing to endure those if it helps reduce the stigma of addiction and/or gives me the opportunity to help a fellow addict...I think it simply has to be a personal decision though. A lot of people have their reasons for keeping their sobriety in the dark; especially in certain professions and professional areas. There's no singular simple answer to how open one ought to be.
I don't really feel it's anyone's business and if they feel such a deep need to know why i don't have a drink in my hand then perhaps they should reevaluate how they view alcohol themselves. I have had people point it out if i wasn't drinking in the past - ohh you're not drinking? *gasp* but if it happens now I'll just brush it off. There's no need to have a conversation with anyone i don't wanna have it with...I have y'all if i wanna be free to talk about alcoholism :) . Safe space right now is really important to me. Not feeling judged and not caring what people think. 
IMHO you did the right thing you flagged it to your manager who should have flagged it to their manager/HR to deal with I suspect that did happen for them to have been given a test at that time (were probably waiting for a reoccurrence)...If she goes into recovery her career will be fine it could even be seen as a strength.  There are also jobs in other companies...Think back to when you were at the height of your drinking now imagine if some fellow on a health kick approached you and said I'd like to talk to you about your drinking.  What would you have done:..a) Fallen to your knees saying you're right I see the light thank you so much.  Then never drank again...b) Said a couple of words one of them being Off.
I say the same as you.  Took a break it was/is working so well I'm keeping it up etc. etc.  It was definitely known at work that I was a drinker no two ways about it.  So for me to not be drinking at work functions it's quite noticeable.  And I know some of my well-meaning coworkers would rib me about it so I personally felt the 'getting healthy' option was best and still kind of truthful!
I am pretty open about it as I want people to feel free to talk to me about those issues if they're having trouble themselves. I don't introduce myself by saying "I'm Solidarity_Forever 800something days sober blah blah blah" but if drinking comes up I will generally address it...If you want to be forthright but without much exposition the comedian John Mulaney has a good line: "I used to drink but then I drank too much and I had to stop." That lets you say the thing without treating it like a Whole Thing and then you can move on to other stuff. This method works pretty well: you're standing in your truth and fighting the stigma and the calm matter-of-factness with which you say this will be all the evidence you need that you're no longer white knuckling it on the edge of the cliff. ..Hope this helps! IWNDWYT
I didn't stop drinking for a long time because of the stigma. It's much more accepted to be a functional alcoholic than an *actual* alcoholic right?...But one day it snapped for me: wait. People who admit their shortcomings and work to overcome them are the people we look up to. What's so terrible about admitting you have a problem and you are going to do better? ..Ever since that epiphany I've made a conscious effort to brag about being an alcoholic like it's my goddamn job. I tell everyone because I'M PROUD. I'm not known for my consistency (it's a big flaw) so being consistent with not drinking has been such a gigantic accomplishment and a self esteem booster. ..Friends and family often don't know how to react when I tell them because they think of it as a secret or something to be embarrassed by. I've had some frustrating comments (my MIL once asked if I couldn't just have a small glass of wine??) but mostly people just pretend I didn't say anything. They gloss over it. ..One of my husband's cousins actually asked me questions about my sobriety and it was refreshing. I wanted to cheer just because she treated it like anything else someone would be working on...like losing weight or learning a language or not cursing as much etc etc. ..Be proud y'all. This is a bfd not everyone can achieve. You guys are special   
I say something along the lines of "I quit drinking for good. Now I only drink for bad."
