-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87octp/bartending_finally_got_to_me_also_i_got_fired/

Hey guys. .First off of you're reading this thank you for the time. So recently I relapsed. Well Sunday night at work I topped it off. It was slow and the GM of the restaurant came over and was all " I'm gonna make you a shot". I was a wuss and didn't tell him I'm an alcoholic I thought I could handle it. Well I didn't. I made like three more shots for other co-workers and myself. ..  I didn't do anything insanely stupid but I was wasted. (Low tolerance as I'd been doing awesome). Same GM drove me home. My husband was so disappointed. I felt so horribly hungover and worse so much shame. We had a long talk and thank God he's forgiving and very calm I've disappointed him with my drinking too many times. So I started all over at day one sober yeaterday and we just hung out as a family. I was fired this morning by said GM. I told him the truththat I'd had a problem with alcohol for years and I had relapsed. He asked me if I was getting help and told me he liked as a person and never would've offered me that shot had he known. But yep fired. I expected it. I think maybe I need to look outside of bartending. It's very hard to not get all depressed with this but on the upside I got to spend all day with my beautiful 6 month old daughter today. Sober. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you had to go through that. It's a good learning experience that shows how important it is to be honest with yourself and be unafraid of sharing that honesty with others. Let go of the shame and look at this as one step further towards being a better you. You don't have to be perfect. Just keep fighting.
ugh. what a stressful thing to go through. but you know whats amazing? you looked at that stressful thing in the face and made the choice to go through it as uncomfortable as it may feel sober...maybe its a blessing in disguise. you're right this could be a great opportunity to look into another job away from the temptation of alcohol (i dont know how you did it sober--I would NEVER have made it)...and your family sounds great. such a blessing and a great motivation to be the best version of yourself :)
I'm sorry to hear this. I'm also wondering why you got fired if he gave you the first shot? 
Sorry to hear that. But good to see that you are taking it in stride. And who knows this could be the best thing that happened. If you and your husband can swing it financially maybe you can take some time off instead of rushing to find something else. Be gentle with yourself figure out what you want enjoy the precious time with your baby daughter. Good luck to you. Stay strong! Believe in yourself and new beginnings. 
You've been given a great chance here. GET THE HELL OUT OF BARTENDING!
