-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87pf48/feeling_really_anxious_3_days_after_alcohol/

I knew what was coming at the end of the tunnel but I still did it. Now I am back at home for a few days again to try and get my head on straight before I head back to University. Luckily my parents are so supportive. I ate a Xanax at the end of my bender and it drove me into deep suicidal thoughts. I have cuts all up and down my arms. I am so ashamed of myself but I know how happy I was literally 1 week ago. I can reach that level of happiness again. I have had 3 days of panic attacks and difficulty sleeping but you know what? It's not the worst I have gone through. I don't want to die I have no intention to die it was the chemicals I put in my brain which when they left caused this. I will go through a few more days of hell most likely but I will come out on the other side stronger and having learnt more. I am only 22 I have my whole life ahead of me. I have supportive friends and family. Some of my friends don't understand why I get so anxious. From now on I am the boss of my own mind and body. I cannot afford to let others dictate my thoughts any longer. Okay I'm just ranting now but I like to write to focus my thoughts otherwise they just race a mile a minute. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey I just did the same thing.  Getting my situation out there and sharing with others helped me out tonight...Things will work themselves out if you stay patient and give yourself some time.  Sounds like you know which way to go...go have some fun or do something you enjoy...I have had some deep ups and downs mental health wise lately.  Those peaks and valleys suck!  I will not miss those one bit.
Last night I went to bed feeling content but I woke up at 2:00am and the panic began. I think I slept 2 more times for a short amount of time the whole night. I remember I had a dream where I had a pet turtle and I was really happy but when the turtle died I started crying and woke up and the anxiety returned. But you know what when I woke up and the anxiety was still there I told my mum I am going for a walk. I had every intention to go get alcohol for some momentary happiness but I remembered that is what got me here so instead I went to the gym. I only had a couple hours sleep and I still went and worked out for an hour. That reduced the anxiety for about 2 hours and it began again at which point I began my deep breathing exercises. Finally had some rest and now my lovely mother is going to take me to the doctor. 
So sorry to hear that. Hang in there. A few years ago I also had some issues with panic attacks and then I found mindfullness. After a few weeks of practice it helped me a lot and now when I feel anxious I can fall back on those techniques. I also noticed that alcohol and especially hangovers are an enormous trigger for my pannick attacks so I try to avoid these situations. ..I will not drink with you today and the best of luck to you!!! Keep checking in here
