-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/87uug0/2nd_dui_within_10_years_and_some_other_charges_i/

Hi all. I've posted here a couple of times always swearing this time will be different than the last. But here I am again. I got my 2nd DUI last Tuesday around 1:30 AM. I had actually been sober prior to this but had a rough day fighting with my family who had recently told me I was no longer welcome to move back home. At that point I only had 2 weeks left on my lease and not enough money to find another place to live so I was scared angry and panicking. I did what I always do: drink. .I had a beer and some food at the bar down the road then went to the liquor store and picked up a bottle of wine. .I finished the wine quickly and decided I needed more. So I foolishly drove to another bar nearby (easily walkable or a cheap uber). I had 2 beers there a shot of jameson and some mixed shot a guy at the bar had bought me. .I don't remember leaving. But I made it home. .However I didn't stay there. I left again on a search for cigarettes. .I pulled up to a convenience store that was a few blocks from my apartment. It was closed. .Then I saw the lights. That's when I really came to..I tried to act as cool as a completely hammered person could and handed the officer my license and registration..It was obvious I was drunk. So he asked me how much I had had to drink. .This is where I went into full fledged panic mode: I knew I was fucked. .I tried to get out and walk away drunkenly explaining my house was just a few blocks down the road. No dice. .Long story short. I refused the breathalyzer- having remembered when I got my last one that it is with in your right to do so before talking to an attorney. However I didn't realize the consequences that went with that decision.. I struggled. They got aggressive. I mouthed off. They got more aggressive. Apparently when they were cuffing me and also when they got me to the county jail I had accidentally kicked one of the officers- I know I did not do this intentionally despite being totally shitfaced. For that and the fact I struggled/resisted I was charged with 4th degree assault on a peace officer and obstruction of justice in addition to refusing a breathalyzer and a 3rd degree DUI. All 4 charges are gross misdemeanors.  .Since I refused the breathalyzer I had to spend 48 hours in the worst jail in the state on a probable cause hold. 23 hour lock down daily. An experience I won't soon forget and one I never want to have again..I was let out on conditional release that requires me to blow into a portable breathalyzer 4x a day. Beats jail I guess. .My car was seized and after talking to a lawyer my chances of getting it back are slim to none. .This same lawyer believes she can get the assault and obstruction of justice charges dropped- because having those on my record would certainly hinder my chances at finding employment in the future (did I mention I'm unemployed?). However since I can't afford a new car in which to put a breathalyzer I still am facing jail time (which will likely end up being served as house arrest) for 30 days. .I don't have the means to afford this lawyer even though she has given me an extremely generous price as she took my financial situation into consideration. .I'm not on  great terms with my family but I hope they'll see that I need proper representation. .I keep on hoping I'll wake up and this will all be a bad dream. .A few days after I got out of jail I was contacted to set up a phone interview for a good company. Not having a car however will make this commute tricky. I can take public transportation but it will be a 1.5 hour commute each way and since I am expecting to do some sort of outpatient  program combined with mental health treatment (whether court mandated or not) I'm sort of freaking out about how I'm going to make everything fit within one day now that I don't have a vehicle. .Overall I'm just feeling really down on myself and utterly stupid for ever taking that first drink out of anger last week. .Today I'm a week sober which doesn't seem like a huge accomplishment since it is forced sobriety. But after losing pretty much everything I had left this time around I'm more determined than ever to never go back to the bottle. .I'm broke without a home and without a car. I hope I can turn this around and make something more meaningful out of myself. I won't drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey Baby sorry to hear about your unfortunate circumstances.  Thankfully no one was hurt.  You've got nothing to lose and no where to go but up.  Everyone here has fucked up in one way or another.  Many here have much darker tales than yours.  Now is the time to ask for help and get on the road of recovery.  In time your life will turnaround.  We believe in you you can do this!
Oh dear.  My heart goes out to you.  Anything I have to say will seem trite in this circumstance.  One thing I can promise you because I am living proof is that things can and will get better but it means you not picking up that first drink.  EVER.  Others can advise you about the DUI and how to react to it from a legal perspective. .IWNDWYT.  Keep coming back.  Your life depends on it and you are worth it!
I've never had a post on r/stopdrinking affect me so much. I feel sick to my stomach because that could have been me if my family wasn't so understanding and I kept drinking. I remember the feeling of not knowing where you will sleep at night sitting in a bar in college. I fortunately found housing. I had money just no apartment. It made me feel sick and I just drank myself into oblivion in the bar. I would have eventually gotten a DUI if I continued to drink. I hope everything works out. Getting sober was the best decision I ever made. It definitely is possible. You can do it.
Damn.  I don't know where you live but I would be hitting every women's AA meeting in your area and telling your story.  You never know when an angel might step forward and off you a place to stay while you are sorting things out.  ..Once you kick this thing please make sure you tell your story to those college age kids that think binge drinking is no big deal.  
You can't change the past.Sometimes we pay dear prices for what we have done.We have to eat it and own it.The great thing about our affliction is we have a choice.You can change your now and future self.It is your choice.We don't need to live like this.Take care and stay strong.
This is a tough spot. I know this probably doesn't help but just hang in there. It will get better. 
I'm sorry you're going through all of this. Take care of yourself and post here any time you need support. 
I had 2 dui's within ten years. Soon after the arrest was stressfull af. What helped me was knowing that in a year or 2 this will all be behind me and life will be good again. And that is and was true. Just remember to focus on the things you need to get done (for court dmv bullshit etc.) and don't push them off. You will get through this as many of us have. I wish you the best of luck my friend.
