-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8828yv/getting_down_about_the_future/

So I'm 8 days in and I'm doing great. I have a sponsor from AA. I just started seeing a new therapist. I feel great. ..But my mind started wandering today to all the things that will be different now that I'm sober. And I keep thinking  How in the hell am I going to do certain things sober?  For instance tailgating. That was always an excuse to drink for twelve hours straight. How am I going to enjoy that sober? Or my friends bachelorette party. I'm going to the be the most boring one of the group taking care of everyone. Even days by the pool. I've never done anything like this without alcohol and I'm struggling and anxious about these triggers and if I'll be able to participate or be able to resist. ..Anyone got any advice on this? 
----------immediate responses--------

This feeling of missing out is something I went through too. I do have a suggestion! Instead of focusing on what you're losing focus on what you can achieve in the future. Set goals and get excited. Maybe you plan to go back to school or take a trip or save more money or get a better job. Sure things will never be the same sober but that's also the best part. Hang in there. It'll get easier.
Anything you did drunk you can do sober. You can't cure a hangover by getting drunk again but then again hangovers are a thing of the past..Only thing i still have to experiment with is dating sober (waiting 'till i hit a year) but all the other firsts i've had and they were very manageable..even a party with a coke fueled afterparty was ok and enjoyable even. Who'd have thought life in and of itself is pretty cool and by not drinking you even get a couple of hours extra a day. We just have to learn to let loose without the booze i guess....congratz on 8 and glad you're here..
Sloooowww down.   One day at a time is how a lot of us handle our addiction. I'm almost 40 days sober and doing well but the thought of a lifetime of sobriety scares the crap out of me. Such that I refuse to even think about it...Regarding all of those experiences you mention prepare and take them one at a time. You'll see a lot of posts here from people stressing about upcoming events associated with drinking; holidays weddings parties work functions. You can find a lot of great advice and support in those posts...I also know exactly what you mean we all tackle these experiences. Luckily one at a time and not all at once. Last weekend I spent on the road at a boys basketball tournament; usually a drink/social fest in the evenings for the parents. No one noticed I stressed over nothing. Up next is opening day on Monday gates open at 9:30. I've always drank with the people we go with and this will be the first time I'm sober around them. A little stressed but I'm feeling pretty secure. They're really good friends and not the kind to joke or judge about my choice. ..Hang in there. Getting through this stuff sober builds a strong foundation. I will not drink with you today.
8 is great!..I found that in scenarios where others were drinking I have actually been having more fun. They are generally looser and my wit is sharper. Never have to worry about having too much driving some stupid behavior that offends someone etc. Always up for more. That said it can get old faster when people are really tossed. So for me it's bothered me a lot less than I thought it would. Gotta take it as it comes. IWNDWYT!
