-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/882rcn/my_sobriety_playlist/

Just wanted to share something that's been helpful for me. On Youtube I created a playlist for myself of videos that help me stay sober. Once when I was having bad cravings I listed to an AA speaker on youtube (Kip C.) and by the end of it I was grateful to be sober. I could see where I was at and how much worse it could get. I saved it in a playlist called "Sobriety" and over time I began to add more to it. Someone talking about how they prevent relapse celebrities that talk about how they overcame their addictions emotional confessions to a camera about relapse etc. Whenever I watch something and think "damn I'm glad I'm sober" I save it so that when I do face those inevitable cravings I can return to those videos for support. ..Might be worth trying if you're struggling :) IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

That's great you've got something working for you! Daily or regular inspiration has certainly worked for countless alcoholics and addicts...I've had luck myself with something similar. I have a video bookmarked. It's a stand-up reading by a guy named Michael Lee. I can recite the entire thing by memory at this point; I've been listening to it at least once a week for years...My playlist for the morning is straightedge anthems. :)..IWNDWYT!
I'm going to do this. Right now I can still feel the pain from my last bender but I'm already aware that by next week my mind will start telling me that "it's fine" and other ridiculous lies. This time I need to start planning NOW for when that moment comes as it surely will. This is great advice. Thank you.
I want to know if there is some type of affirmation that I could listen on my way home from work cheering me on that I will not drive to the gas station and I'll make it home.
Oh thanks for looking!  That's so nice of you!!!   I forgot that I had the audible version of  this naked mind   so I've been listening to it too/from work. 
