-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/885ci7/finally_landed_my_dream_job_all_thanks_to_sd_and/

I'm using a throwaway because I have friends who know my main account who I haven't shared and don't wish to share my struggles with. I have to share my story with a community who will truly appreciate it.  Wall of text incoming. ..To start off I recently turned 30 and my wife just gave birth to our second son. I drank pretty heavily through my twenties. I held down a job and graduated college all while nursing my drinking problem. I was the type that would drink a 6 pack of tall boys on a work night or a 12-15 pack of tall boys on a night off. Every week for 9 years. My health was deteriorating and I was gaining weight. It was a struggle that only my wife knew about and she would just silently go along with it to prevent arguments. I convinced myself it wasn't an issue since I had my degree and worked a full time job and my drinking didn't affect my work. I paid my bills and maintained my familial responsibilities. But when everyone went to bed my true self would come out. I would get hammered and play video games. I would stay up late and borrow time from the next day. We all know the story. Approximately 3 years ago I applied for my dream job. I quit drinking and put my all into it. Just a little about me. I normally don't fail at anything I try.  Well turns out I wasn't a fit for the position according to the company. The blow to my ego was immense. I quickly picked back up drinking and started feeling sorry for myself. This went on for about 2.5 years. It put a strain on my relationship and my health. I had a few health scares due to unknown pains that thankfully were nothing. Right before the birth of my second son I had a heart to heart with my wife about the depth of my problem and my denial. Tears were shed and promises were made. I'm happy to say that that night was the last night I have been drunk and that was maybe 4 months ago. In that small time I reapplied to my dream job and got back into shape. I went into the interview as a clean healthy determined man. Just recently I found out I landed the job and I start next month. I am beyond excited and this just intensified my dedication to my sobriety. I am back in shape again. Running every night. I'm there for my boys every day and for my wife for whatever she needs. I quit eating drunk fast food and binging on snacks and sweets and my weight is on the down tick.  None of it would have been possible without my wife's support and my daily reading of SD. I just wanted to share this story with a community who can understand the struggles I put myself through for nothing but selfish reasons. I actually quit counting Sober days after 100 because I almost never think about it anymore. My life is on the upswing and all I had to do was put down the beer. Thanks to all you fellow posters whose stories would inspire me or help me on tough days. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. .Congrats on getting your dream job. .I'm really happy for you - you deserve nothing less. .I will not drink with you tonight. 
Congratulations! I'm so glad to hear that the collective support of SD and your wife has helped you achieve a dream of yours...I wonder how many others there are?
This is such a fantastic story congrats!! I'm so thrilled for you!!
That brought tears to my eyes. As a mother to two wonderful kids I will tell you that you are giving your family the greatest gift of all: a happy healthy you. 
What a great story.  Have a good time out there with your family and your positive new lifestyle it's good to see you taking your life back  
Amazing!     
Great post!
Well done you! Great story and congratulations.  
