-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/885h5u/one_year_post_rehab/

26 y.o. F. Reflecting on the past year and trying to gain clarity. Due to an incident at my work I checked myself in to an intensive inpatient treatment center for 60 days last May. It was my first introduction to AA and i really felt happy and at home. The program i was in was great and i found a strong support system. I believed in sobriety. I was happy and healthy. I kept my job. Upon returning home I acquired a sponsor and went to meetings regularly. But slowly my step work and meeting attendance began to wane. I started drinking couple cocktails here and there. Then having some binge days. Eventually I quit my sponsor and stopped going to meetings. My alcohol consumption has dramatically decreased since my Pre-treatment days. I don't black out anymore or pee the bed. And I haven't had any huge issues with my drinking in the past year. However i know this is a progressive disease and if i don't start taking my sobriety seriously again I'll be right back to where i was waking up in hospitals driving drunk or worse. I also know that even the little bit of drinking that I have been allowing myself has been making me sick and sluggish shaky and holding me back from accomplishing the bigger goals that I have in my life. I don't know why am so drawn to cocktail bars and restaurants. I'm still struggling with finding a hobby that satisfies me as much as going downtown to socialize with drinks. I recently moved out of my parents house into my first apartment across the country in... Las Vegas. I feel like I'm at a turning point where I can grow into the person I've always wanted to be Or let my vices decay me. I guess what I'm trying to say is that the painful memories of my seriously heavy drinking days have kind of faded and as a result it's very difficult for me to get more than a couple weeks sober without slipping. When I want sobriety i want it with my whole heart but a few days later when I'm fighting cravings it's no big deal in my head just take it. It's like I'm at war in my head. A lot of my identity is tied up in being the bubbly social party girl. But it's hurting my health (physical and mental) and my wallet. I'm just very lonely and unhappy with my body. I've experienced trauma from an abusive relationship and it's so easy to just let it go and drink. I know this just digs me deeper. I need advice for starting over. I'm tired of being on and off the wagon. Getting out of rehab i thought I'd never drink again. But now that i have and the world hasn't burnt down yet it's harder for me to make that teetotaler commitment. Please help &lt;3 
----------immediate responses--------

Don't know how to help but welcome. 
Welcome x.Suggestion: Write a list on what you remember from your previous sobriety stint when you were inpatient. Could serve as a reminder of what you accomplished felt and experienced and allow you believe that if you've done it before you can do it again. .One day at a time. ..Most importantly be gentle with yourself. ..You're here. You've made the first step. .x.I will not drink with you tonight x
Vegas has an AMAZING recovery and AA network. A city full of drinking will do that I guess. Might be a really great place to start recovery over. 
