-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/887i6w/day_4_on_a_long_weekend_but_i_think_im_making_new/

Hello everyone. ..I'm a 32 year old alcoholic who has been on a 10 month relapse. Recently discovered this sub and everyone seems so great!.. So long story short-ish..ok it might be long. I have completely spiraled but have been able to still maintain somewhat at work. ..I am quite small and put a way about 8-10 cans a night on weekdays and maybe 15-18 on weekend days. I kept going while my health and work attendance became progressively worse...I first tried to sober up 2 Sundays ago. A friend stayed with me for the whole day while I went through probably the worst withdrawal I had ever experienced. Stupid me went out the next night...Fast forward to last weekend. I drank an ungodly amount and knew I was in for a brutal Monday. At about 9:30am withdrawal started kicking in and I knew I was in trouble. I finally threw in the towel and decided I needed to have a small meeting with my boss...I told him about my dependency and that it was starting to affect my work. I explained that I would be going into withdrawal and that I would rather be transparent with him about what is happening especially in case other people become alarmed or gossipy about my behavior...He said that he already knows about my drinking problem and that he had brought it up to management as a concern several months ago (..oh) They are all supportive and I don't feel the stress of having to tip-toe around. It's also helped me to be extra accountable. It hasn't been pretty during work this week..but it's a relief to know that they are aware of the reasons why...I just got paid today and it's the long weekend. Instead of making my regular pit stop after work. I came home through a different route and made nachos and took a bath. Now I'm swigging coffee at 9:30pm feeling completely strange but happy that I'll wake up feeling good tomorrow. :) Thanks for reading. I should stop now before this gets longer.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! I won't drink with you tonight!
[removed]
That's really great that you opened up to your boss and he is being supportive. It's a huge step for sure. What are you going to do this weekend instead of drinking? I've been distracting myself by going on long walks reading binge watching TV and drinking LaCroix. Even made it to the gym a couple times!..I won't drink with you today. 
