-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88axli/it_all_started_by_searching_aa_in_google/

...and the Stop Drinking forum popped up in my search. As someone who struggled with quitting drinking I felt a sense of relief when I stumbled on this community because I realized that I wasn't alone. I had a lot of anxiety when facing the realization that I had to stop drinking because I didn't know how to do it and I wasn't comfortable going to AA. But when I saw this forum I knew I found a home. ..The first post I submitted on this forum was discussing how I was hesitant to tell people in my life that I was trying to stop. That post got over 40 comments from a variety of people welcoming me to the forum and offering insight. I was given resources to utilize including a guide to the forum and book recommendations. I read The Naked Truth which helped me realize that I wasn't a problem but I was someone who HAD a problem; there was hope for me. ..I'm coming up on two years sober and I look back to that low point in my life when I was desperate for guidance and support. I remember feeling helpless after getting off the phone with my boyfriend who told me he would leave me if I didn't change my ways. ..All it took was hope. I went to Google hoping that I could find a group that fit my lifestyle while encouraging me to make a permanent life change. SD you did that for me. You helped me get my life back. Thank you. ..My advice to newcomers is always to have hope that your life has the potential to be better. There may be rough days ahead but don't let your shame keep you quiet. Shame cannot survive being shared. Open up and be vulnerable to the SD community. Also don't lose faith: keep fighting because sobriety will always be the best gift that you can give yourself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!!!  thanks for posting.
Congratulations. To read your post give me hope .  During hard days it seems all impossible but the sun will rise and bad moments will pass away ! Thanks for your post . IWNDWYT 
Thank you for an uplifting and inspiring post!  It's amazing the turnaround we see in our lives.  Congratulations on your 672 days.
Congratulations. To read your post give me hope .  During hard days it seems all impossible but the sun will rise and bad moments will pass away ! Thanks for your post . IWNDWYT 
Thank you for your post. SD too has been a valuable support system for me...A sincere Thank You to all those here for having the courage to get help and supporting those that are going through many of the same struggles learning experiences and successes.  ..OP congrats on your sobriety. ..
SD helped me save my life. This place is the best! I'm so happy you found it. Congratulations to you! 
Thank you for sharing with us and for being here in the community! What would you say to someone who has the same hesitation you did when you first started out about telling people? Thank you! I will not drink with you today my love!!
