-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88b8ia/24_hours_in_headed_to_rehab_tomorrow/

I've been lurking here for over a year probably. I've never posted because I never had any success to speak of. There was never more than 24 hours of time I could stay sober. I just fled an abusive relationship and moved back in with my parents at age 29. I started waiting tables to get back on track but in less than a month I started using my lunch breaks to run to the gas station and chug canned cocktails and wine in public restrooms before running back to work. Yesterday I asked to be dropped off early to get breakfast but instead the voice took over and i found alcohol again before the restaurant opened. My manager pulled me aside and said she knew something was going on and that she could smell the alcohol on me and encouraged me to take time off to get help. I'm really thankful that everyone wants to help me even though I feel like I don't deserve it. ..I'm a 29 year old woman with no car or home of my own or husband or children or college degree any of the things I thought I was SURE I would have by now but I'm pretty sure i that's from drinking every chance I got from age 15 to now. That's half of my life. I'm so tired of it all...So tomorrow i'm lucky enough to have the means to go to rehab. The first time I went at 19 it was involuntary and I relapsed immediatley after being released. This time I want to because I can't survive much longer if I keep this up. I feel very hopeless and pitiful. I really want to break this cycle. I don't even feel like I know who I am. The inner voice that drives me to drink is cold and heartless and stronger than me. I'm scared. But her time is up...I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Best of luck with the rehab hope it can be the beginning of some really positive change for you!..Keep us posted on how things are going?..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Keep us updated. Best of luck to you. I won't drink with you today. 
Good luck!  Everything changes in time!  There are really encouraging stories here of ordinary people who turn their lives around. Be patient and great things can happen!
