-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88eq8q/you_know_what_were_all_heroesa_rant_and_a_thanks/

Either we get forced or we find out ourselves but we've all acknowledged there was a killer in our midst..We identified the problem and we chose to combat it head on. Most of us with the risk of losing all that we have or have known for years. We choose the free fall into the unknown very well aware of the difficult road ahead and most of us probably scared shitless. Yet we go forth we fight we struggle we accept we hurt some break and some fall some come back and every single one of us gets welcomed back with open arms by all the brave sobernauts here. We assist we advice we cry out for help we share we learn we teach and we create an amazing family a band of brothers and sisters all with a shared and brave goal of accepting and improving our lives. Show me one other community where you can find support and a welcoming smile like this one and i'll buy you a soda and a kinder bueno..The diversity here on SD is astonishing and we all find each other around a shared interest and with respect. our own secret campfire. Thank you all for your war stories your Intel your jokes your reporting back to us and your saying hello your letting us know you're still here and kickin' ass . Your brutally honest hopelessness your cries shame guilt and regret showing us that hey its okay you're not alone in this. I am undoubtedly and unmathably thankfull to have found this place and gratefull for all the amazing people in here...I've been here eight months sober for nine and fuck it I consider each and every one of you a friend. I have told you things i haven't told my closest friends i have found support in a way i could never find anywhere else and i have learned lessons no mentor irl has ever taught me...Each and every single one of you helps me be a better man a wiser human....You're all heroes to me and i salute you with the kindest regard....Hi 5 buddies..
----------immediate responses--------

Hear hear! Lovely words. .I will not drink with you today x
Right on!
Well said matey! :&gt;)&gt;
Lovely positive heart-felt words right there... thank you and well done! You are winning :-)
That was emotive. I really needed that today. ..SD is indeed a fantastic and magical place thanks to people like you...I will not drink with you today.
Beautifully said. I am proud to be at the campfire with each and every one of you.
I love our secret campfire and the folks who gather around it. Well said!
Very well said. 
Virtual high 5 back at ya! 
This post... this stopped me from giving in tonight. .Thank you. Thank you so much.   .IWNDWYT 
Great thoughts there.  Thanks.  This place is amazing.  I'm pretty damn sure I would not have stuck to not-drinking without all of you.
This was inspiring to read high fives from Ireland! I was feeling pretty low yesterday and this really helped when I woke today...I will not drink with you today and I hope you have a great weekend.
I totally agree with you. Anyone who tries to improve themselves by making hard choices is a hero. It isnt the easy way. That comes later. But it is the way that makes less hurt in the world.  And increases hope.  We all hope for a better life. And we can all have it. IF we do some certain things. Dont pick up.  Dont do it alone.  Get yourself in front of real people and open up about what's going on in your head. Dont drink.  Feel your reality.  Take baby steps. Keep trying.  When something works for you do it more.  Listen to others.  Learn from other's mistakes.  Dont do those things. Dont drink.  Look inward to where the answets are.  Give yourself credit for getting this far.  Dont drink.
&lt;3 Bless you for those beautiful words and for being here :).
