-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88ftpw/encouraging_words/

Hi All...I am new at this. I've looked all through Reddit on many subjects for hours and hours; especially on drinking relapsing and withdrawing. I have found "stopdrinking" especially comforting in the past.  I will write more when I'm feeling up to it tonight I was just hoping for some helpful words to help me through my first night without alcohol in 4 days. I was a severe alcoholic who was abstinent for nearly 3 years before relapsing early last year (only 1 day of heavy drinking and almost catastrophic behavior). I was abstinent again for over a year before relapsing for 2 weeks late last month then again for the past 4 days. My last drink was  about 11 hours ago. Physically I think I'm okay (though I'm very wary of the "kindling" effect and having have been hospitalized  for detox many times before I know what  to look out for). It is really the depression and anxiety that are horrible tonight. I struggle with both anyways even in sobriety/recovery. I feel hopeless as I see myself sliding down this slippery slope. I hope I have the strength to turn my life around before this happens again. I don't know how I'm going to pull it together trying to do family things this Easter weekend starting tomorrow feeling so awful. I'm embarrassed about the way I've behaved and things I've said over the past few days (not to mention the relapse before that and my entire  drinking career) and needing to call out of work for a day. How do you get through your nights after a relapse? What do you tell yourselves? I feel so alone having not confided any of this to anyone. It took a lot of lying and careful manuevering for my live in boyfriend not to catch on. I'm so sick of lying. Any encouraging words would be much appreciated. Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm not sure what to say friend.  All you can do is move forward and keep trying.  You have it in you.  Try to relax and not to think about anything.  Sleep if you can. Pound some water too
I'm so sorry you're dealing with feelings of depression and anxiety. I  want you to know how impressed I am with your previous 3 year streak of sobriety. I haven't had a streak that long and it's amazing to me. I hope you can be kind to yourself and not worry too much about feelings of embarrassment &amp;etc. ..This is a quote that helps me when I am struggling with feelings of anxiety and depression - ..It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat. Teddy Roosevelt .
I understand where you are coming from 10 days ago I posted something similar after lurking on this sub for so long. At that time all I knew was that I needed encouragement. I seriously did not know how I would stay sober but I have completed 10 days now. Checking in each day has kept me sober on days where I become tempted. During those initial days of self-loathing I kept reminding myself that negative thoughts are not going to fix the problem. Self-love is the only thing that has ever worked for me so I counter those thoughts with acts of love like buying my favorite snacks and find a quiet activity to distract myself. I don't know if it is the same for you but when I would go through withdrawals my self-loathing was so bad it was as if I did not think I was worthy of the self-care that would help me recover from the hangover. That only made me feel more pathetic and likely to relapse within days...I do not know what will help you but please know it does get better. I had gone 6 months without drinking and recently began reflecting on what triggers led to my slip-ups. Journaling has been great for me especially because like you I often feel alone with this. Posting here has also helped me with feelings of isolation. You are not alone. Keep us posted. I will not drink with you today. 
