-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88j7zq/i_relapsed_big_time/

I'm scared I don't have much anymore I drank it all away. People would like to help me but I can't help myself. I want to see a doctor but I also don't want toleave the place messy and what a mess I made. Puked everywhere let  food rot let myself go. I'm sick of myself I do it all over again. I feel guilty. 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah the guilt its pretty normal and it will subside. If you can't help yourself let others help you and maybe you will follow yourself. Its definitely worth it compost :)
Reaching out and asking for help is a big step if you have people willing to help please let them .
The guilt can be a sign that we know we're totally capable of better. People can change. I did by making one small better decision at a time. It wasn't fast. But there was true satisfaction in making gradual progress...in part bc -- and this sounds funny --- I let myself stay sober long enough to truly experience and appreciate not being drunk. It made me better at life and it was impossible not to notice.
You totally deserve to be cared for by a doctor--perhaps you could make an appointment or go to an urgent care and let them know you may need support for alcohol withdrawal today? ..We're with you if you want to go ahead and do that--you can check in as much as you want all day if it helps and we will walk through it together. I just want to make sure you're safe and not feeling worse than you have to. I'm sorry you're in such pain. There is a way out even if it doesn't seem that way today and even if you can't see very far. We can start anyway. &lt;3
Go see a doctor or go to the ER. Call a friend if you can and worry about the mess later.
Good start that you told us.  Check out the work of Jack Canfield; he has a similar story and he created the Chicken Soup for the Soul series.
Don't worry about the mess. Just get help. Go to a ER. Call a help line. Call a friend. 
