-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88otoz/every_time_i_get_angry_i_lose/

I think one of the hardest parts about getting sober is having to feel things again. I find myself struggling to deal with my emotions at times especially at work. I work in a failing restaurant and we are closing but no one knows when so we're all on edge. Everyone is constantly drinking around me it's so tough when they start getting out of hand because they're drunk after or during their shift and I just want to lash out at them. Tonight I did lash out a little bit and it reminded me of when I was drinking how I would have no filter and would never pause to think about what I was going to say or do- I just reacted. Now I'm sitting here feeling so guilty and it sucks because I have no excuse to act that way anymore and I can't even use the famous  sorry i was drunk  line. It reminds me too that I was always angry when I was actively drinking. Those moments of rage are getting fewer and far between. ..Sorry for the rant :( ..I am grateful though that I can even remember this interaction. What a blessing to be able to learn from my mistakes. I hope tomorrow is better. ..IWDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you. IWNDWYT
That sucks.  The stress of not really knowing what's coming up ahead sucks.  Instead of the "sorry I was drunk" perhaps "sorry I was stressed" could work?  ..I like your attitude about being thankful that you can learn from this experience.  That's pretty huge and an excellent way to react to what happened.  ..I still struggle with anger and rage and I need to come up with a better way to deal.  Usually I go out hiking to blow off some steam and the other day I show up to my neighborhood trailhead and someone had left a bunch of trash in the parking lot.  It really pissed me off and I realized half way up the hill that I was fuming and ruining my own hike.  Ha.  ..So yeah anger... tough one.  It's hard in the moment.  Keep us updated as you find useful techniques. 
It will get better the longer you go without a drink..Alcohol causes mental imbalance..Work on it though. I had been sober for more than 40 days when my wife pushed me to the point where I punched the car windscreen..We got it replaced and all but she is still angry..She could at least atop making me angry.
Managing emotions is the hardest part for me too.  I got so used to just using alcohol as a blanket to throw over everything.  "Work was awful today I can't wait to have a drink."  And then I would drink and it would cover everything up which was nice temporarily but I feel like I have a learning delay when it comes to processing difficult emotions and situations responsibly and patiently...I don't think it's a coincidence that I quit my very toxic stressful job only a few months after I quit drinking.
That's why I fail constantly at staying sober. Atleast I think so. I'll be good a few days and then one thing just really gets to me and boom I'm driving to the liquor store. Ugh
I don't have great advice but I thought I was going to lose it at work last night. I work at a restaurant too. I was trying to get work done in the kitchen and coworkers (front and back of the house) were having a food fight. It was so annoying and obnoxious. One girl just kept screaming because she was having so much  fun . Even the manager was in on it. I finished up and left before we closed. 
