-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88qdc4/im_afraid/

I just sent a message to get my badge reset to zero...where I have been for months.  I've posted here a bit in the past but mostly just read.  Im in my late 50s and have been married for 30 years.  I've struggled with booze my whole life.  My wife and I have been "socially" drinking since we met.  We have 2 grown well adjusted kids.  5 months ago I changed jobs which caused my wife and I to move out of the US and to SW Asia.  The stress of the new job and being away from home has been a toil on both of us.  I started drinking heavily.  My wife still drinks but keeps it under control better than I.  My work performance has been bad my home life is a mess I very anxious when I'm coming off a binder and I truly feel like I'm losing it.  I have been drinking about a quart of Bourbon every two days and drink until I'm knocked out.  Then the next day I swear it off until I start getting the jitters and then decide to have "just a couple" to calm down.  Next thing I know I'm bombed again.  Because of all of this but especially what happened the last couple of days has me truly frightened.  I went back on some anti-depressants and the urging of my wife at the beginning of last week because of my low moods.  The doctor told me to stay away from booze while taking them that booze would nullify the effect and could be potentially dangerous.  So for 4 days I didn't drink anything and was starting to feel at bit more confident.  My wife and I made plans to go out to dinner the other night and I was really looking forward to it.  When I got home my wife had already had a couple of beers and asked me if I wanted a drink.  I said no that I was going to pass on drinking "until this medicine kicks in".  She lost it refused to go out with me and we stayed home.  I grabbed a bottle and have gotten loaded the past two nights with last night being particularly terrible with me treating my wife horrible.  My wife and I have no friends here and she wants me to be her drinking buddy like always but it just can't work for me anymore.  I hope someone can please provide me some advice.  I'm lost out here my only friend my wife is disgusted with me because I can't drink and when I do I become a complete ass.  I can't go on at work like this and I feel I'm at the end of my rope.  I'm sober now and hope I can hang on all day.  I don't think theres too many failed attempts left in me.  Thank you for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

Can you guys get to a couples therapist and to individual ones?..I'd stay sober and next time she freaks out leave the house for a while and do something you find relaxing(gym hobby etc.). She'll hopefully have calmed down(or passed out) once you get back...r/relationships could help too.
I am sorry to hear that your wife is giving you grief about quitting but my dear sometimes we have to stick to our guns no matter what.  No matter what.  You'll find peace in it maybe not this week or the next but if you hang in there your work will improve and you'll be able to at least find peace there for the time being which will in turn find you making better decisions all around.  We're here for support I won't drink with you today.  
God bless you. Thank you. 
You are totally right to want to use the anti depressants and wait for them to work properly and I think you will need to stay really strong to stand up to your wife. You need a proper conversation about this so that she knows you are worried about your drink problem and want to do something about it as well. It sounds as if she has her own issues with drink that are only just showing up fully but leave her to carry on drinking if she wants. She has obviously had some real concerns about you to encourage you to see the doctor so she should be pleased you are sorting it out and she probably will appreciate the new you in time. All I can say is stay strong and don't give in to pressure. 
Glad you're here and sorry to hear about your struggle...Thats a daunting list of issues each alone an important life aspect - uprooted geography relationships emotions professional life marriage antidepressants support of community.... all with alcohol poured on...Alcohol affected all areas of my life weaving a thread of misery throughout...Removing alcohol didn't solve all my problems; but sobriety made all my problems solvable...I had to grab it with a tenacious hold.  I had to put it first.  I asked for assistance went to meetings and sought counseling...Once sobriety was established I solved all the other issues...Have access to meetings?
Thank you. I don't know if meetings are available here. I'm going to check. I've got to do something. 
Alcohol has caused a lot of problems in my marriage too. I feel your pain. I used to live in India and there were meetings there I bet.You can find something. They help. I just got my license back (DUI  not guilty at trial etc etc ) and plan on going to some when I pick up my new car next week. ..Hang in there. You got this. 
Thank was so thoughtful. Thank you. 
