-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88qiu0/anybody_here_workout_with_weights_and_notice_a/

I quit drinking 8 months ago and I picked up working out with weights almost immediately. I have to say that most of that time has been smooth sailing. I was loving working out and getting stronger. I injured myself in my shoulder and my elbow from getting cocky and trying to lift too much weight too soon about a month ago so I haven't been able to workout at all. I have noticed my cravings to get drunk are way high higher than they've been since the first month off drinking. I go for long brisk walks and that helps but it's not the same as weights. Also I want to say that if you are struggling with your temptations and cravings try working out with weights. Don't be intimidated or anything I'm over fifty and I totally reaped the benefits of weight training and I can't wait to get back at it. Just wondering if anyone here noticed the same thing as I did. 
----------immediate responses--------

For sure! Exercise helps a lot. For me I've found even a bit of physical activity will help quiet the cravings. ..Yesterday evening I was having a particularly hard time and some folks on the chat were talking about doing push ups. I decided I would go do some sets drank some water after and the cravings eased up!..Hardest thing for me is to keep some consistency since in past I've let emotions/work throw me off track and then I would give up/resort to alcohol (which we all know is not conducive to exercise)...I intend to get back to the gym to start lifting tomorrow though.
Yeah I need to exhaust myself most days or else I get super antsy amd need some way to calm down...
Maybe your body is missing the post-workout endorphins? I need to start exercising again. I have everything I need here at home to start out slowly since I'm so very out-of-shape. Manual treadmill videos stepper machine and dumbbells. When I've built up my endurance a bit and am earning more money I plan on getting a gym membership so I can swim and use their big weight machines. I actually dreamt about it last night. (Way better than the weird post-alcohol nightmares! LOL)
Get yourself a bike..its real fun getting into that and i use it when i can't lift weights aswell..
\+
