-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88s9i9/what_fills_the_void/

Hey guys. I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this but I feel like you are most likely to understand. For the first time in over ten years I have been sober for months or atleast that's what I'm telling myself..Because I have stopped drinking entirely but only to realise just now that I've been using other substances pretty much every single day..I used to only smoke weed to help me sleep and it did for a while but now I tend to start around noon because I get annoyed and agitated if I don't. I noticed that I'm almost planning ahead to when I can get high just to not be sober..I believe awareness is key so realising this problem is probably step one but what I guess my question is: have any of you struggled in a similair way? Subconciously replacing alcohol for another substance? And how do you kick it?
----------immediate responses--------

I'd also like to know. Yoga/meditation helped for a brief period in my life but it turns out chemical solutions are much more effective and instantaneous. I think part of the key is accepting feeling empty/shitty sometimes?
Hello and good job reaching out ....Oh hell yes.   My weed use skyrocketed in the months following quitting drinking.  ...And It got to be almost as big a problem.   I could only get high for about 20 min.   But I'd smoke all evening and into the early morning.   My sleeping was screwed up and I was horribly depressed.  ...I'm an all or nothing guy for most things in life
In all honesty there's no easy way around it ; you just have to come to terms with the fact that everything can't be awesome and fun all the time...I've been sober for a month and I'm just now starting to enjoy  some  things. I'm a bit of a workaholic so I replaced drinking by spending more hours at the office/university. My girlfriend isn't too happy about me never being around the house but it beats being bored senseless...I'm an avid PC gamer and decided to treat myself so I've invested the same amount I would've wasted on booze in the last month (roughly 300$) on a new monitor and keyboard so I'll be spending a lot more time being a nerd at home...Feels weird and geeky at first to think I just to get wasted sleep with girls and bang rails of coke on Friday nights.  Now I play Dota 2 eat chips/Kit Kats and go to bed at midnight...Truth is I would never go back to the way I used to live. For a time I thought I'd never want it any other way but finding new less destructive hobbies has honestly changed my life for the better and I'll never let myself go back to that dark place...May the force be with you mate. ..IWNDWYT.   
I had to get used to sobriety being my default state which really just takes some time. That meant getting used to feeling and handling the emotions that weed/booze helped to cover up. ..Maybe give full sobriety a shot for 1-2 months?
I was a pinball junkie bouncing between addictions. Drinking weed ketamine cocaine excessive video gaming excessive hardcore pornography multiple casual sex partners or even violence at times...I'm sure you know the pattern. At first I would tell myself it was all just for the buzz then it became the norm until its grip on me was absolute and I lost all hope. I wanted desperately to be a better person but simply could not help myself so I got down on my knees and I prayed. I was not religious but I could not think what else to do...Today marks 3 months sober I have since bought a bible attend church regularly and feel like the good work is only just beginning. 
