-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88wif4/struggling_with_passions/

I am a little more than six months sober but I find myself struggling so much with needing an outlet. I have been good I hope in pursuing new hobbies interests and friendships. I attend a non-affiliated recovery group at my local Buddhist center. Most of the time I feel really good. But I also feel a deep desire for something that will reward all this good wholesome behavior. The thing I want is pretty specific it's not a mystery. I have had intensely passionate relationships with a variety of men. Very physical very wild. Very not-vanilla. It brings a similar and more prolonged high than drinking ever did. And yet I know it's bad for me. I know it could mess up my life. I feel like I exist in a sort of equilibrium right now and I want to burn it all down sometimes. The rage is new in these last six months. And while I do want to be a wholesome and upstanding woman I also want quite the opposite as well. Drinking gave me what was in some ways a safer outlet for these desires than actually acting on my impulses. I don't want to drink but my own intensity scares me sometimes. 
----------immediate responses--------

Are you a Scorpio too?
For what it is worth the biggest threats to my sobriety over the years have been to intimate relationships.  Whether it is while getting excited during the initial few days/weeks/months trying to decide how to keep from being consumed by the relationship remembering that my sobriety is non-negotiable in a relationship keeping the flame lit during a lengthy relationship or dealing with the aftermath when/if the relationship falls apart. ..My relationships are generally not casual. They are at least from my perspective pretty much all-encompassing. ..I am reminded of several times that I had to end a relationship in various stahes to maintain my own sanity.  A few times my partners have told me the same thing.  ..I don't know if I have any wisdom for you other than to be careful and grasp your sobriety with both hands.  
Desire lust passion...lead these to the dark side they will...Just messing with you!  It's difficult though to express and explore those in a healthy manner sometimes especially in some cultures.  At least for me I can find myself acting out chasing the high and crashing just as bad as when drinking.  Unfortunately or fortunate it tends to lead to substance abuse so I have to be vigilant even in my thoughts...At the root for me is some state of mind/being that I'm after. Quell or satisfy that in other ways and reason returns.
