-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/88xmau/sd_i_need_an_opinion/

I'm sober again for about 4 weeks after a very mild relapse.  I allowed my drunken fianc e's  friend  who's not good for her to ruin my elaborate engagement plans by buying into her lies while they were all drinking heavily one night and I wasn't.  I had about a month then and I was so angry that my month long planning and money I spent was wasted that I had some drinks.  Moving forward what I drank was my SO's vodka that night.  I personally believe she drinks too much.  She drinks almost every day up to at least the last week straight. She exhibits all the classic behaviors of an alcoholic (I know because I am one) and from therapy AA and this sub it's not hard to deduce.  Her most prevalent thing is placing blame for any situation on me or whoever else is around.  The next day it wasn't about how much she and her friend drank which put me in an awkward spot being sober but it was her saying   I should've hid the vodka from you  like I'm some poor charity case.  She drinks around me often but it's usually just beer or wine which doesn't bother me because I honestly have had a fairly easy time quitting these last couple of times in sobriety.  Wouldn't matter what it was anyway.  Booze is booze. I can always tell when she's drinking or been drinking as sometimes she still hides the wine and beer.  I've told her my problem is my own and I've never pointed fingers at her or confronted her about her drinking but tonight I'm really frustrated.  I came home to find her sitting on the patio all night and not saying much to me as we had a disagreement earlier in the day and I went to the gym.  I could tell by her speech and her movements in the house that she was drinking and probably hid the alcohol.  Sure enough I just found a half empty bottle of vodka in the laundry room hidden away.  She is asleep and this has kept me awake all night.  Even if I asked about it she would just say that she hid it so I wouldn't drink it.  I know this is a silly question but this is not normal right?  I almost get the impression she's self conscious about her own consumption amount.  At first I could tell she tried not to drink when I quit but it's gotten worse by the day.  She doesn't remember snarky comments and if she asks me why I'm quiet the next day she discredits my feelings when I tell her what she said after a bottle of wine.  Ugh I don't want to even bring it up.  She will flip it on me and tell me I'm crazy for snooping blah blah etc or tell me it's my fault she has to hide it.  Or that she's doing it for me.  Just because of that one night that I relapsed because I was so hurt and never could've been prepared for that.  It's insulting she thinks I don't know.  It's obviously frustrating.  Do you guys agree?  Any thoughts or opinions are welcome.  I love and adore her.  She's my best friend but this poison will ruin anything as you all know.  Thank you so much for reading!  This sub is amazing!
----------immediate responses--------

Since you ask for any thoughts my thought is that she doesn't sound like a good person to be around. You said:..* her lies ..* She drinks almost every day ..* Her most prevalent thing is placing blame for any situation on me or whoever else is around. ..* her saying   I should've hid the vodka from you  like I'm some poor charity case...* doesn't remember snarky comments ..* She will flip it on me and tell me I'm crazy for snooping..These are not aspects of someone I would want to be around. And having been around someone like this I have found that the necessity of separating my sober self from the stuff that a drunk partner presents--all that serves to build walls between two people who supposedly are committing to a partnership. It's planning to live with a failed relationship. Not one that fails over time but one that *starts out* in a failed state and continues from there.  ..You also said:..* I've told her my problem is my own and I've never pointed fingers at her or confronted her about her drinking but tonight I'm really frustrated...Again since you ask my opinion is that you would be wise to listen to yourself and decide whether this is a good relationship for your sober self; whether you want be involved with a daily drinker who gets nasty blaming takes little responsibility and is basically the most unreliable of partners. Or at least that's what it sounds like to me...Note that I am not saying anything about "oh you can help her have patience and empathy." I don't say this because I don't believe it and particularly for someone who is trying to be sober--for me my sobriety would come first no matter what. ..I don't mean this all to be a downer--but I am protective of my sobriety. Part of that is not making allowances that hurt me for drunks being drunks.
Keeping in mind you love this person despite her bad habits . . . Be honest but gentle. 
You need to get real and my advice would be to seek advice . See a therapist in life or marriage counseling and be real with yourself . sounds like a failed marriage before it starts and that hurts for years  I know  I've been there .
