-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/895thw/im_scared/

And it's okay to be scared. I'm on day... whatever and I'm still scared. (On mobile and won't know exactly which day until I post this haha)..I thought success and perfection were synonymous for the longest time. Like the people I admired and envied didn't make mistakes or struggle. And that's so crazy...Getting sober has been the most ugly jagged bumpy unpredictable and 100% authentically human thing I've done. I've discovered strength in myself I never knew was there. In contrast I've cried a lot lol. I have some serious flaws...The future scares the living s$#t out of me but I also have hope for it. Somehow I think that means I'm doing it right. I don't want to hide from it anymore...Not drinking with you tonight.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'll hang out with u and not drink 
Thanks so much for posting this!
Hey! It's like that here too. Not always smooth sailing not always easy. But ALWAYS worth it. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm scared shitless too friend. It's ok.
I learned that I have no idea what success even means.  And I no longer even care.  I hated who I was when I was drinking and thought I could make up for it if I 'achieved' enough.  I couldn't and liking myself is way easier.
Been waiting to live long enough.
Not drinking with you! 
Not drinking with you too
I always like to live by the mantra:  if you're scared it means you're doing something right . Now not ALWAYS true but every big life risk of decision I've made when I've been nervous or scared has always added so much colour and joy to my life. ..You're doing the right thing.  
the future was fucking terrifying for me too but I try not to worry about it. Love u brother &lt;3 ..((#
Yep.
What a beautiful post. Thank you for sharing xo
Im scared to get out of bed today. I think when I don't drink I see the real me a weak scared failure. I have no idea what the answer is but I can't drink today. I feel so alone. I've tried to quit and failed so many times. I think I hate both the drunk me and the sober me. What's left? 
The future is a scary thing. I'm scared of the unknown I'm scared for impending changes like having to find a new house and move. Mostly I'm scared for my teenage kid who is going straight down the self destructive path I went down at that age which is fucking terrifying to watch and deal with. But I know sobriety has given me the tools to help deal with the fears. I could never handle all these intense life changes and situations if I was drinking. I've had a few slip ups which is why I'm back to Day 2 (damn holidays not worth it!). But I've made a lot of progress and that's worth something. Just gotta keep on keeping on! 
Being brave does not mean having no fear. It means moving forward despite of the fear. You are doing amazingly great! "If you're going through hell keep on going!"
Thanks I'm trying. 
I do feel scared but I think of the fact that I have 100000 Sobernauts right here to help guide me and I feel better.
Thank you for posting. I feel this so much recently. IWNDWYT  
It is normal to feel worse after quitting. You are no longer numbing out with booze and drugs. Now you are facing your emotions.  It is scary.  I was scared shitless about everyon and everything in the beginning. This is a big part of why i drank. It took all the fear away. Hang on. It will be hard and painful for awhile and then it will get better. Eventually you will be amazed at how good your life is and how awesome you feel 97% of the time. Just hang on. This is one reason so many give up or relapse in the early days. As someone else here said true bravery is when you are scared and do it anyway.  We are with you.  
I am terrified! I needed this post this morning.....Thank you :) 
Get the I m sober app to keep track of ur sober days/money saved. IWNDWYT.
