-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/896pjw/lost/

Hello everyone..Bear with me because I've never posted in anything like this before but I've been reading some of the posts here and can relate to a lot of it. ..I currently have a little over 18 months sober and I've been attending AA semi regularly for the past 3 years and relapsed after a year and a half. I went back to treatment after my relapse and it was a 12 step based rehab and then I went into a halfway house for 9 months after that and was required to attend AA. Now I'm living on my own and I know I want to be sober and my life has improved drastically but I am sick of AA and feeling like no one has ever given me any alternative options. I've been in therapy/seeing a psychiatrist for 8 years now and am still keeping up with that it just seems like the only thing I struggle with is attending meetings. I feel very alone in this right now because I just haven't been connecting to anyone in AA in the small town I live in. I would love to hear what some of you have to say and if any of you can relate to this. I've been doing research on RefugeRecovery and I really like what I've seen so far sadly no meetings are available near me but if you have any tips on starting that path it would be much appreciated. I know I don't want to get complacent in my recovery but I've love to connect to some people on here because my depression and social anxiety has kept me from connecting to people face to face in AA...Thank you for providing this outlet
----------immediate responses--------

If you find a post or comment that you really relate to maybe direct message that user and see if they'd be ok with corresponding directly? Or share up what's going on that you would like to talk about or talk through and I'm sure someone will relate and comment as well. I wish you the best and don't ever feel like you're alone.
i stopped going to meetings a while ago. i am able to maintain my sobriety without them. this sub intrigues me from time to time and gives me fresh perspective and reminds me of the struggle i went through. ..meetings and therapy for me were very inconvenient and it was almost intoxicating (sorry for the pun lol). ..my life went from being all about drinking to being all about sobriety. it was like swapping one addiction to another. i now live my life normally without having to constantly think about the previous or next meeting my ears no longer ring with the voices of my therapists and i no longer have the urge to drink. ..i felt "trapped" in recovery for a long time and honestly frightened me at times. i often thought "is this how the rest of my life is going to be? going to meetings and reliving all the bad i've done in my life?"..i've put it ALL behind me. the thought of a drink does cross my mind from time to time (hardly) but i don't run full speed to a meeting afterwards. i can diffuse the situation myself. .. 
Have you checked out SMART Recovery? They have online meetings and a workbook you can order to go through on your own time. I've only been to one meeting but found it helpful. There's also an IRC chat on this sub and a list of book recommendations in the sidebar that are worth checking out. I'd recommend This Naked Mind if you haven't read it already or any other of a number of books that are listed. IWNDWYT!
Welcome aboard. ..AA isn't for everyone and in a small town your options for it are also limited. Each AA meeting tends to have its own personality and if you don't like the first couple of them you may not have an alternative. ..For Refuge maybe you could contact them through their web site and see what they suggest. ..Some other options are Rational SMART Lifering and Secular Organizations for Sobriety (SOS). Many of these have forums or chatrooms. There are also some good system-neutral online forums like recovery.org and Sober Recovery. ..Finally you might consider ways to meet people outside the recovery community. Can you find anything on Meetup your town's Reddit or a Meetup alternative like EventBrite? 
