-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8971l6/how_do_you_relax/

My biggest cause of drinking is that I just want to relax and that turned into relying on alcohol to get relaxed. It's my first day today (I've had several month/2month sobriety trips before) and I always end up relapsing out of just... boredom I guess...So what do you all do to relax? To get your mind off the day at work and unwind/de-stress?
----------immediate responses--------

Exercising to the point of exhaustion than getting home taking a hot bath than chilling on Netflix sipping chamomile makes wonders to me. I'm almost sleeping already.
Very good question. Therapy helped me. I found that a lot of my inability to de-stress was loneliness I hadn't identified. Just kinda took that 'soldier on and don't whine about it' approach...Just talking to anyone helps me tremendously. I'll text a friend post here call my parents. Just a few thoughts...Audiobooks work well for me too!
20 minutes of meditation every day. It has had a profound effect on my anxiety levels.
With a 12 pack of ......oh wait. Wrenchng on my old Jeep home improvement projects relaxe me now adays. And IF it ever warms up in Michigan I enjoy riding either my 29r mountain bike or Cannondale cyclocross.
Reading and green tea do wonders for me. 
I find watching TV and movies not as  relaxing  anymore. I really found interest in cigars cigar history and the accessories. I like hunting down the tough to find cigars reading reviews and all the like once my daughter goes to sleep. My wife actually takes interest in hunting down the limited release. I've made some good sober friends through online groups and such.
I read that it can takes weeks and sometimes a month or two to really develop new habits. I've never really enjoyed hot tea but made myself have it nightly to bring up to bed for a month every night. I grew to look forward to it and now I don't feel totally relaxed for bed until I have a hot cup of herbal tea... it's so weird. So tea by my nightstand my phone for this sub a good book on kindle or listening to ASMR videos on YouTube with sleep headphones. All of these are about creating a really relaxing bedtime that now I look forward to. Oh and I bought myself new pj's... nothing fancy just stuff from target but I look forward to putting those on too. And a nice mug or two that put a smile on my face for my tea. Basically a grown-up bedtime routine has been totally a saving grace. And running when I can. And today's 103 days.
Lol no leaving the house just online and forums. But the cigar thing is just something I like for example. Staying busy and productive is a key area to my sobriety. Im currently building a baby gate in the garage so I'll have a cigar listen to some music and relax doing something that I enjoy that is available to me...Ideally I would like to be on a beach with my wife and daughter fishing all day lol. But I live in Wisconsin so I make due with what I have.
Lol I feel you on the  me  time!
I second meditation. The best part is that when you get a bit better at it which takes a while you can bring mindfulness into your everyday activities.
Another vote for meditation. I wish I'd started years ago!
I prepare simple food stuff for the next day and i am not a "cook" in any sense.  I look up new recipes and change it up.  My regulars are Overnight Oats Cold Brew Coffee cold brew or Sun tea clean and chop fruit Brew my own Kombucha (more difficult but very fun etc.).
Sometimes it's like I don't really feel like doing any number do things that sound okay or distracting - walking reading meditating coloring cleaning the car - whatever it may be.  In this case I tell myself  5 minutes .  Start to do the not-that-compelling-but-probably-a-decent-use-of-time thing for 5 minutes then I can stop.   Usually getting started on *something* gets me in motion and a I get into a groove of activity that can be relaxing. Time goes by I'm not in circles in my head enjoying myself a bit.  
Mindfulness meditation does wonders for me 
This is a weirder one but I personally love ASMR videos. Especially accidental ones. I just put those videos on before bed and it totally helps calm my brain.
I'm pretty into herbal teas and a good workout. 
All the self care things that end up being profoundly more relaxing and nourishing than alcohol because I actually feel better after rather than much worse. A morning cappuccino listening to music lighting a candle taking a bath spending time with friends binge watching netflix (I watched all of GOT in 2 months at the very beginning of sobriety ha) cooking &amp;  baking shopping pinterest treating myself to some chocolate going to the gym walking around the 'hood going to a meeting or yoga class. I love sobriety.
