-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89c9vn/failed_my_test/

So I just found out I've failed my test so am really struggling atm. Just posting this to express my feelings but I'm not drinking today
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you failed your test.
Glad you're here.  Hang in there.
Ugh.  Not a good feeling. I'm sorry. I am glad you are not drinking with me though. This way you can think and process clearly to move forward. I am proud of you. 
Sorry to hear that but I will not drink with you !
I'm sorry. What test? ..The obvious stuff in response... Drinking wouldn't change the outcome of the test. And if it were me after drinking I'd have more negative shit to deal w -- the test result + however I feel emotionally about having caved and drank + however I feel physically (hungover? tired?) depending how much I drank + the post-drinking (withdrawal) anxiety irritation and lack of focus that would characterize my state of mind generally + potentially dealing w consequences of any wayward behavior or bad decisions during drinking...Granted I'm someone who doesn't drink more easily when things are bad than when things aRe good. But wanted to share that stuff in case it could help.
Play the tape forward. Temporary oblivion will lead to guilt and shame. I'm sorry to hear about your test. 
Sorry to hear this!  I know it must be hard for you and for us all but stay strong.  You can do this! Best of luck to you! :)
Drinking won't make you pass a test that you already failed.  Never makes anything better.
Sorry about the test...get up and *do* something to put your thoughts elsewhere.  Fuck that bottle TryX. It lies. Won't change a thing...Keep coming back here for support  ..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Hi first of all thanks for your responses. .I did not succeed in not drinking. But I'm here and still motivated to quit. I'll reset my badge and continue my journey. I will not give up after 1 failed attempt 2 3 or ever. Thanks again everyone...TryX
