-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89i3mp/stupid_question_has_anyone_ever_found_value_in/

[deleted]
----------immediate responses--------

Well I had 9 months of sobriety and decided that I had things under control and could drink in moderation again. That was 2 1/2 years ago. It went predictably awful and I went full blown back into the drinking abyss. Gained tons of weight depressed anxious. Those 9 months of sobriety were some of the best of my life. The time that followed were easily the worst darkest days. So no there was no value in drinking again. Doing so is playing with fire...take it from someone who got burned - it isn't worth it.  
I had 30 days sober and relapsed. That relapse lasted 15 months. I wish I never had picked it up again. The first 2 beers I had to force myself to drink then it was like I had never stopped at all. My drinking escalated to a more dangerous point than it was before I initially decided to stop. Quitting this time was so much more difficult than the first time. The kindling effect is real. Honestly if I ever drank again I dont know if I would ever be able to stop. 
Have you felt like this for the whole 8+ months?  I can say that there have definitely been stretches (weeks) where I felt like a blah zombie but then I would come out of it.  ..I have read that it can take upwards of a year for the brain to start working properly again (producing dopamine I believe?) so I haven't gotten too down on myself when it happens. ..I do try to get good sleep I eat chocolate (something I never used to do but seems to improve my mood) and I do a lot of cycling which tends to give me a natural high both with the endorphins and the rush of going down hills fast.........
No I've never decided to drink to remind me of why I quit. ..But I HAVE dealt with significant periods of time--which happened a lot during the first few years--where I felt horrible mentally. The solution for me was to spend quite some time in therapy and take antidepressants. I have to admit that the therapy was painful as I had to get to the root of why I started drinking to numb out at a young age but in the long run it was the best thing I ever did and led me to a place where I am comfortable with my history and who I am. 
So here's the problem with that... that's predicated on the assumption that you can drink again just once and remember how bad it was and go back to being sober the next day. For some people this is possible but for others like those who have posted it doesn't work that way.  There's no guarantee that it will stop at a day. Or ever. 
As a first_timer and also at nine months i've also been experiencing thoughts of "hey why not test the waters"..But seeing how every single person that ever relapsed and came clean about it regrets it beyond measure and every single person keeps telling us it's not worth it fuck it. I just won't do it. Seeing that huge number going all the way down again? The kindling effect? Fuck all o' that shit bruh :) What if i lose myself and can't come back? Thats a risk i'm not willing to take..They say it takes two years for the brain to really find its folds again. Give it time..someone posted yesterday about the armchair expert where the podcaster explains that after seven years he suddenly found his childlike wonder again. I want that..I've felt glimpses of it..i like it..Alcohol is an asshole buddy..kick him in the balls and walk away.. 
[deleted]
Yep I have! But not in a premeditated way. ..When I had two months sobriety I went out for a work Xmas lunch and got poured Champagne had a sip bc I was toasting had more had another glass and kept going. Ended up drunk then did my old trick of going home to drink beer solo. I felt awful for days after hungover and shamed and so sad I'd  lost  my sobriety. ..That's the moment I really realised that I WANT sobriety and DO NOT WANT to be caught in the alcoholic loop anymore. It was really illuminating. Of course I spent the next 8 months relearning that lesson over and over again as I lapsed loads but now I'm here and I'm not scared of relapse at the moment - I know I'm done drinking. 
[removed]
