-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89i7f2/almost_been_a_week_now_things_are_going_smooth/

Hey guys!  It's been great getting to this point but I just wondered if any of you had this problem when you quit.  I'm still breaking out into armpit drenching sweats during the day whether i'm in stressful social situations or sometimes for no apparent reason and it's a bit frustrating.  Maybe I'm not being patient enough after never going a day without booze for 9 years but I have a very important job interview tomorrow and I hope I don't drip all over everyone!  Anybody else had a struggle with the sweats?
----------immediate responses--------

I struggled with this exacerbated by stressful situations. It took me a few weeks for that to pass and life is so much easier now...Perhaps wear something light tomorrow as you'll I'm sure be stressed with the interview and with not drinking...I hope it goes well! I'm sending you positive vibes!
I'm a sweater. I can't say if they ever stop because of this. But I used to have night sweats and those are gone! ..Because I'm a sweater I always wear an under shirt. You could even try wearing a tank top on your drive in to the interview. The put on an undershirt and your nice shirt right before you go in. That way your pits stay dry(er) as long as possible and your shirt hasn't had the chance to soak yet. ..GL on your interview! ..EDIT: by undershirt I mean one of those dry wick shirts like an underarmour type shirt.
Ohhhhh the sweat. I remember that all too well. It took a couple weeks but during that time (speaking from the "I" in my experience) I used foot sprays/powder and Certain Dri antiperspirant along with a second deodorant. I drank TONS of water that helped a lot with detox and sweating out the toxins...I wish you the best of luck with the interview - *DON'T SWEAT IT*! You're gonna kick ass! I'll be looking for your follow up post tomorrow dear Schmidy ;).
Oh my god the sweating! Mine took about three weeks to ease off. Just remember to hydrate thin layers of clothes will help (i was hot and then cold all the time) and I like to run really cold water over my wrists when I'm really hot as it cools you down fast...It will pass. Just think of how much toxic stuff is coming out and leaving your system!..  ...Good luck for tomorrow!
For me the night sweats were the last withdrawal/detox symptom to go. Took about 3.5 weeks for those. I didn't have them during the day though so can't help you there. I think the advice others are offering sounds great.
This too shall pass.  Hang in there.  IWNDWYT
On this time around my sweats were done at about 6-7 days. But I soaked in very hot baths. So hot it was barely tolerable. When I got out I was sweating... I may be wrong but this forced sweating at night and at home may speed up the toxins flushing out. I would have tried a sauna if I had one. But for me the sweats ended quicker this time than they did the last time I quit.
