-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89j20n/day_2_sucks/

Today would have been my dad's 55th birthday. He died 5 years ago after being found on the side of the road. He was an alcoholic for most of his life and because of that I didn't know him very well. My mother eventually left him because she didn't want her kids to be raised in that kind of environment and I thank god every day she did. But even with her taking me out of that situation here I am struggling with my own drinking problem. I feel like a failure and like I've disappointed my mother who always begged me to never drink. I can't tell my family about any of this and it's so easy to shut them out because I live across the country from all of them. Idk what exactly I'm trying to say here but at least here even if I am talking to strangers I'm not hiding or lying to myself anymore. 
----------immediate responses--------

We're here for you. Well done on day 1! Just you being here shows you're not a failure.
I'm right here with you. Stay strong with me tonight. IWNDWYT!
Good luck to you.  IWNDWYT! 
Genetics is a big part of alcoholism. They are finding out more and more about that. Glad you're here and glad you're not hiding. Don't blame yourself! 
I'm going to reach into my bag of cliches here and say that nothing worth doing is easy...You're definitely not a failure. You're already a better version of yourself than you were 24 hours ago. That's freaking awesome! ..Quitting drinking is going to take some practice but it will get a little easier with time. Stick with us and I promise you'll like where you end up. The best thing I've earned in my short sobriety is being more kind to myself. The confidence boost from actually sticking to what I set out to do is nice too.  ..I will not drink with you today. Always reach out here if you need someone to talk to.  
Being on SD is such an honest experience. I am here not drinking with you. Hugs! 
I found myself trying to find things that are depressing  because I'm so used to being in a upheaval . Always upset with myself . I'm trying really hard to talk myself into all the good that's going to come out of being sober . I used my life's issues to drink  I need to try to deal with my life's issues completely different now . That's the trick to getting sober for me . I wish you peace . I won't drink with you today !!! 
Hey it's great that you got motivated and joined us.  Now you and 106430 people are here to support and encourage you.  In the sidebar you can request a badge if you want one.  There is a ton of stuff to read plus book recommendations. IWNDWYT That means I Won't Drink With You Today. Solidarity!
