-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89qbs5/trying_to_quit_drinking_before_bed_sleep_is/

I am 28F and suffer from anxiety and depression. In college I started having bouts of insomnia which I have struggled with since so about 8 fucking years now... damn. Anyways in the last 2 years I have been through several really stressful events and started drinking more and more and combining the drinking with benzos at times. I know this is incredibly dangerous but it was the only thing that filled the void. ..For the past 2 months I have been drinking every day maybe a couple glasses of wine or a couple shots of whiskey right before bed just to sleep. Well it will make me sleep but I wake up all the time and I know that this is generally a bad habit to get into...I have decided this week I will not drink before bed just to see what happens but my alcohol cravings are soooo bad at night. I just want to sleep. Will sleep improve as I continue to have less and less alcohol in my system? I wake up like every 2 hours and it's so frustrating!! Has anyone been through this or can relate?
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is actually super terrible for your sleep. It might feel like it's helping you fall asleep but it stops you from getting any meaningful rest. Right now your body is having to relearn how to function without alcohol so it can take a few days to a few weeks for it to balance itself back out. I slept like shit when I first quit and it sucked. Eventually it got better and I was sleeping better than I had in a long time but it can take a while to get there and any drinking in the interim will delay it. Stay strong and hang in there. It's tough but it's worth it!
I tossed and turned last night as well it's incredibly frustrating..I wish I could say for sure if cutting down would help or not but once you completely mix booze from your days it will definitely return to normal! 
Alcohol is ruinous to sleep.  Way back I used a glass of wine or two in the evening to relax.  Fall right asleep.  I never realized that waking up 3-4 hours later and being wide awake was because my body put out uppers to try and balance the downer wine.  When the BAC goes down the uppers my body make now woke me up. I think sans the booze after a week or a few you might be sleeping like a baby again.  IWNDWYT
I used to drink exclusively to fall asleep for close to a decade. At the time the thought of falling asleep without it was near impossible. This group helped me find the motivation and accept the possibility that I could do this. The key parts for me were to accept the fact that there might be nights that I wouldn't sleep much at first and if I couldn't sleep I could get up and read or watch tv until I was tired and try again. That happened. I was a zombie some days but that's okay. I started drinking chamomile tea before bed to replace the alcohol and started using CBD oil to quiet the anxiety in my life. It's a weird thing to have to re-learn how to fall asleep again but eventually you just get to a point where you can be in bed close your eyes and be out for the night. Now it's weird to think that I used to live like I did especially when traveling and having to always figure out where my nightcap(s) were going to come from. So you can do this. You just have to decide you're ready and willing to and execute. It might take a few tries before you find something that works for you but don't give up. It's way better on the other side of this.
