-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89tzwt/just_checking_in_after_months_of_heavy_drinking/

I have been struggling with drinking for a long time as you can see in my previous posts. Since my last post I have fallen pretty hard off the wagon. I have been day drinking and putting away anywhere from 1 to 3 pints of liquor almost every day. I want to quit so bad cause it just makes me feel like shit. ..I am just about to 48 hours since my last drink and I am going to just take it one day at a time. I also plan on getting some counceling and maybe some detox if I continue to have withdraws. The worst I am getting now is hot/cold flashes and some minor shaking in my hands. ..I will not drink today. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Great job returning here and making the effort. I wish you the best of luck peace and happiness. IWNDWYT 
Good luck
I'm so glad you made it. ...It took me an 18 year relapse to realise that I needed help. ...There are heaps of IRL support options outlined in the side bar - I needed something face to face in addition to the support here. ...We have your back - look after yourself today. 
'Just'?  Dude welcome back.  It takes real courage to break the cycle and reach out for help.  There are people drinking themselves to death today.  I know you've heard it before but you can do it.  Get help and  stay sober. 
Congrats on your 48 hours. And on checking in. You are a warrior. 
I am nearing the end of day 3 after tapering off 30 units a day in the form of vodka for years. That is basically 3 pints as you describe...I tapered for a week before those 3 days and made sure to monitor my temp heart rate and BP. The latter two were not good most of the time. The hot / cold flashes are the worst man. I feel your pain but can offer some hope that at least my body now at the end of day 3 totally sober is having less and less of them almost none at night!..Do you get a quick rise in heart rate and the hot flash / sweating when you do even something remotly physical like walk a few blocks or do the dishes? It was 10 degrees F outside and I would sweat like hell and still can mange too a bit...I hope you feel better. You can make it this time! You are so close to being done with the worst of it. I will not drink with you today.
I wish you peace and sobriety my friend.
