-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89x0xm/ninth_day/

Boy do I feel like about five or six ounces of bourbon! Heavy work day (public defendering). My second day back to work after a week of heavy duty solo home remodeling. I resolved a few trials for next week continued a couple. I still have a felony set that I'm not sure will go to trial or not. ..That said I got the kids to bed after a pretty good evening made dinner. Not too bad. Then my dad calls mid toddler bedtime. Anyway long story short I'm a sandwich generation with two long divorced parents who are struggling financially. My dad reaches out maybe four times a year for help and tonight he called and asked for a little money. ..When he first called I was putting the kids to bed and I texted to let him know I'd have to call back later. Meanwhile given that he's in a transition now and has had a tenuous housing situation for a few years I'm panicking a little inside worried about what recent disaster has befallen him etc. (Last year he had a stupidly caused injury that was pretty crippling for a few months. He's mostly recovered. The future fears are real with this one. I guess any fear is not "real" but there are definitive actuarial concerns you might say.)  I call him back and agree to send him some money. He has a good plan for moving forward and I actually think this is a positive transition for him so I'm 'glad' to help. ..Except for I'm kind of mad at both of my parents for not having a more stable financial picture etc etc etc. My sister stopped talking to my dad because of their issues so I'm still mad at her too for leaving me alone in this struggle. Etc etc. ..Anyhow I hang up the phone and realize that all of this family dynamic has rocketed my neck muscles into super spasm and starts bringing on the old stress headache. Even now a little bourbon would be mighty nice for a few minutes...I've committed to at least three weeks dry sort of a late lent. I think this fast I'm taking is a way for me to get in touch with healthier ways to deal with this stuff. I'd like to ingrain those more solidly exercise stretching writing communicating meditation whatever it is. I hope just saying hello to you all tonight is a way to center a little and smooth out the rough spots some. ..I suppose I feel a bit better reaching out. The fatigue and neck stress is still definitely there. I will be taking some bedtime naproxen and watching a little scifi before bedtime I think. ..But I won't be drinking with you tonight. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Goodnight kiddo. Personally I hope 3 weeks turns into 4 and more. 
You hit the nail on the head when you said "a little bourbon would be mighty nice for a few minutes".  Those few minutes may be sweet but they are not worth it.  Better to face things sober and find other ways to relax and cope with what life throws ya.  Good night and sleep well.  And I won't be drinking with you tonight.
You're doing beautifully! This is a lovely example of NDV (non-drinking victory)...&gt;. I think this fast I'm taking is a way for me to get in touch with healthier ways to deal with this stuff. ..Yup 100% my dear. Hang in there!!
I found that the longer those 'mighty nice for a moment' moments came with too steep a price tag. IWNDWY.
