-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/89ys9j/30_days_sober_after_15_month_relapse/

I got so busy with work I almost forgot how many days I had but I've been waiting for this milestone and now it's here!..I was sober six years and tricked myself into thinking I could be a moderate drinker since I was  better ? No idea but of course trying to moderate was a mental (and physical) hell. Finally after 15 months I decided to give in to the fact I cannot be a moderate drinker...What's new for me this time around? The allure of  moderation  no longer exists. I no longer feel like alcohol is something I'm missing. I feel like it's an addictive poison and truly a marketing ploy that I can now make an effort to avoid. This sub and finding out about books like This Naked Mind has really shaped my new perception this time around and I feel confident my new outlook will help me be free of alcohol. Grateful for you all by the way...Things I've noticed in 30 Days -..Confidence restored.Skin is clear.Thinking more clearly.Less anxious / less irritable .More creative.Refusing drinks gets easier and easier and each refusal feels like a mini-victory..It is STILL hard but so worth it. I remember the magic of being sober before and know it gets easier with endless rewards so I'm being patient. I keep reminding myself - you gotta retrain the brain. The mind is very tricky. But one thing I KNOW for certain... I will never ever be happier / healthier / better off in any way shape or form if I have even one drink...Therefore IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm there with ya all the way . I'm even trying to quit smoking today as another "get a better life" goal .
Awesome!
Nice!  I was thinking this morning back to how I used to feel about alcohol.. I didn't like it and I didn't want any.  So that'll be my benchmark to know if I'm cured.  I won't drink it I won't want to drink it and I won't even consider drinking it.  Looks like I'm in a double bind here   .Thirty days!!! Yes!      iwndwyt
Welcome back and [Congrats on 30 Days!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT94urc-MVw)
Welcome back! IWNDWYT
"I remember the magic of being sober before and know it gets easier with endless rewards"  I like this.  Thanks for sharing. I don't want to reset my badge again.  IWNDWYT
