-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8a0nkm/back_to_work_tomorrow/

What has gotten you guys through your first day back to work after a relapse? I did drink at work for a week tapered down to nothing over the weekend then the stress of going back to work wondering if anyone knows and having completely slacked on my work drove me to pick up again Monday and Tuesday heavily (I know that makes no sense but I know you guys get it). Tue night my bf found me after work and took me to the hospital. I have been sober since then but I'm dreading work tomorrow- mainly bc I called my supervisor before I was admitted and was honest and told him I relapsed and wouldn't be in for  a few days. She was incredibly supportive and couldn't have been nicer. She said she would talk to HR keep it  discreet and only tell those who need to know. Just the added anxiety of worrying about getting in trouble for skimping on work and also that I don't think anyone knew but who am I kidding it's highly possible (though no one said anything to me) is filling me with dread. I wish I was a stronger person and could face emotional pain better. I'm just so humiliated and wanted to vent I guess. Thanks for listening. .Also- I did restart my Antabuse today and signed up for Intensive Evening Outpatient and a consultation with prescribing Dr to recalibrate my meds so I am working hard on this this time around the prevent this stupid cycle from continuing.
----------immediate responses--------

All the best to you! What helps me the most is focusing on one minute at a time some days.  Sometimes I say to myself "Jeez I've got a few hours of sobriety! Good for me!" I understand drinking at work due to anxiety then being sober when the pressure is off!
This is my strategy. Pick one or two tasks that are not overwhelming but that it would be great if you could knock out. They don't need to be entire projects; just a chunk. Knock it out and by all means SLACK if you want to or if you feel like it naturally move on to another task. Being there; being aware showing face and getting a small thing done is AMAZING after a relapse and will set you up for more forward motion. You do not need to be a super hero. i w n d w y t. 
Just get through it! I usually find that the (alcohol/hangover induced) anxiety usually goes away once I've dealt with the issue. Sounds silly but try and not think about it too much - you've got this. ..You sound like you have an understanding workplace which is great :) You're not the first and won't be the last person to do this! 
