-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8a43hk/pros_and_cons_of_aa/

So I have been in AA for a few months and I recently made the decision to leave because I felt it was too much of a commitment for me to make and I also feel confident in my own abilities to stay sober. The 12-step program just isn't for me and I am currently seeing a therapist and checking out SMART recovery. I would like to point out some of the pros and cons of AA from an unbiased viewpoint. .Pros.Having a support system of people who can relate to you .Being able to rebuild relationships through making amends .Keeping you busy so you don't go out and drink .Meeting a sober social circle.Being held accountable.Practicing meditation .Being able to help others get sober.It's free .Cons.Higher power as this can be a struggle for atheists .The idea of being powerless this can be used to make you feel hopeless(it could also be used in a positive way depending but for me I want to feel like I am not powerless).4th step can really make you feel like shit about yourself .Dogmatic rhetoric.Fear mongering(people say that if you leave or don't practice the steps you'll relapse).13th stepping(sexual predators in the program) .Here is a non biased view I am not trying to encourage or discourage people from going to AA. It can be a great tool to get sober but it certainly isn't for everyone. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry I know this isn't the point of your post but what.Do you mean by step 13 sexual predators? I only went to a few meetings it wasn't for me either. 
The commitment part is what got me - I was busy and didn't have the time to devote to the steps like they wanted me to. Longest I've made it sober using AA is 47 days; without 103 and counting. So it is possible to do without AA like you said. Best of luck to you. 
Sounds like it helped keep you sober long enough to seek out other solutions. Good for you. 
The biggest pros for me are:.* affordable .*available.*better than isolating.*networking with people committed to being sober.*it is good to help have compassion and be reminded how bad things can get..The cons for me are:.*people really getting in your business.*a lot of very ignorant preachy things said at meetings (yes there are wise practical and tolerant things said too but the ratio can be abysmally negative.).*There is way more interpersonal drama in AA than I ever experienced in bars..I'd never discourage anyone from going to AA and haven't ruled out utilizing AA again. I had a run of terrible meetings and negative experiences with AA folk. I let the my negative AA experience be a motivator to relapse. Lesson learned- don't keep going to shit meetings that leave you resentful and unhappy. Find different meetings or just don't go...
You nailed it!  What a balanced view.  Like most things in life there are shades of gray a mix of good and not so good.  A.A. is no exception.  I like that you have described the upside and the downside. Often 12 Steppers and treatment addiction counselors get very upset if someone criticizes the program fearing that it might prevent someone from getting the help they need if they know the whole truth.  To me the worst thing is to get told the 12 step cult is the answer and the most amazing best thing ever and have to be let down and disappointed and confused to see the downsides.  People should know what they are getting into.  And good for you for keeping a clear head.  Best wishes.
At the thought of going to AA meetings I said "Oh great... now I get to burn my candle at both ends even more..." But I lucked up and found an AA hall right around the corner from where I work and they have noon meetings where I can slip out at lunch and go there for meetings. They're mostly open discussion meetings and attract a good audience and the vibes are pretty good and empathetic. Many of the "elders" (as one of the younger members referred to the chairperson and committee members) have gone from gang-banging to becoming ministers but they don't go overboard with the preachyness. And even though they don't come right out and call it 13th stepping they do re-iterate at every meeting that sexual harassment will not be tolerated. (Something tells me that must have been a problem in years past.)
