-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aa7sb/relapse_can_happen_to_any_one_at_any_time/

I had been sober for 322 days. I was so close to one year. ...However....I went out with some old friends last night. Though I didn't get very drunk and I spaced it out while drinking water I still drank more than I wanted to. I went out saying "I'm only going to have 3 beers tonight" but I ended up drinking around 7 or 8. Given it was over the course of 7 hours but it was still more than I wanted to drink and more than I said I was going to. ...And this morning all the familiar feelings are back: headache nausea blurry vision anxiety. ...This shows I don't have control over it. I still can't stop. I stopped myself from getting wasted yes but I didn't stop where I wanted to stop. ...Let's this be a word from the wise: don't think just because you have gone a long time without it means you can control it. It's a constant struggle and a daily fight. ...It's a fight I'm starting over. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to have you back with us! Sometimes the learning curve is steep...I will not drink with you today.
Thanks so much for posting this take comfort that your experience makes me once again realise it's just not worth it (and one is never enough)
You're not starting over.  You slipped but recommitting to sobriety.  You are still very much in recovery.  The silver lining is that you learned from your slip.   ..I had to learn via relapse that moderation was simply off the table.  Case closed.  I will never be able to moderate.  If I try drinking again my addiction will quickly return.    ..You might get an urge or two but you know how to handle them.  Before you know it you will be back on plan.   
Awesome post. I really believe that one slip up does not ruin all the good work you have accomplished. If u fail one class do you fail the entire school year? Of course not. If anything you have learned a valuable lesson of how you handle alcohol.  I believe in you!!! IWNDWYT 
Good insight Zeus... No matter how far along the road we travel we are all the same distance from the ditch. ..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Just out of curiosity after all that time you were planning on and ok with having 3 beers?  What brought that about?  Not judging just curious on how that transpired.  Glad to hear you are back and congrats on everything you've accomplished and learned!
I'm impressed that you are looking at what happened and figuring out how to move forward..But you PLANNED on 3 beers? Just curious as to why when you'd had such a long stretch of sobriety. No judgement here. I've more relapses than a shark has teeth. Glad you are back on track and I'll gladly not drink with you today!
I'm glad that you're getting back into the fight and not giving up because of this slip you'll make it to a year! IWNDWYT!
Hello this is a very powerful post. Most people will not have the courage to post. .Thank you. I will not drink either.
You aren't starting over. You did an experiment and it doesn't negate all that time sober.  And frankly you spaced it out.  
Those 322 days are still under your belt. Don't let this little slip-up be an excuse to drink again. Get back up on that horse soldier.
Thanks for your perspective. This is *just* what I needed to hear. FWIW I thought the one-year anniversary would *feel* like something ... and that I'd be home free or something .....Yeah it's not. Not being a downer or anything it's just not transformational. So you had 8 beers in the last 10 months ... congrats?
You're gunna be okay. Sending hugs!
Relapse happens well before we pick up. Thoughts and feelings left unchecked culminate into drinking and that drinking knows no bounds. If I were to pick up today that decision wouldve been made days ago. Onward and upward my friend. 
I'm so happy you didn't get sucked back in!!! IWNDWYT 
From my point of view this is not a relapse... This is a totally focal experiment that you needed to do to reinforce your quitting position... Thanks for sharing! Congrats!
[removed]
Thanks for posting this. It's a great reminder for everyone here new and with a lot of time. I tried moderation a bunch of times and failed and it really seems like there is some truth to what they call the diseases model or an allergy. Not everyone likes those terms but it does seems like something is at least broken in me ie- my "stop" button doesn't function as it does in non-alcoholics. SO many times I would feel perfectly fine/good/drunk where non-addict friends would stop but I would continue drinking. Or I'd get up and have a glass of whisky or tequila in the middle of the night. Or I'd tell myself I'd only have a certain amount and exceed it. From an objective biological / neurological analysis it just doesn't make any sense. Regardless abstinence is the only solution I've found which works. It's the only road forward for me at least and can't say I've ever met anyone who self-identifies as an alcoholic and/or addict who has suddenly been able to take said substance in moderation. Beyond all the psychological work ACE's and such it seems there is just something off in our brains. Good luck on this next journey forward friend! Gotta keep trying. :)
