-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8acums/after_almost_a_year_of_sobriety_im_back/

So today's day 2..I'm both ashamed and a little stunned how quickly I relapsed.  Working in a high stress restaurant where drinking on the clock was heavily encouraged did not help my weakness. For 2 months into that job I stayed strong.  Then everything slowly...then very very quickly went downhill. ..I guess I'm just glad that this time I recognized my decline before I totally broke. I sat down and had a long honest conversation with my boyfriend and he's been nothing but relieved and supportive.  Ive decided to remove myself from that place of employment and haven't had a drink in two days. I'm scared but also hopeful and I already know that if I could get sober once...I can do it again.  And as the days that I don't drink continue to pass life will only...once again...begin to look bright.  ..I will not drink with all of you today..Wish me luck on the start over.  
----------immediate responses--------

That's the worst! I worked at a liquor store shortly before I relapsed. Really stupid I know. Everyone drank there so I started to as well thinking I was able to control. Nope. Really awesome of you to quit the job that must be stressful but in the long run the best choice. That's awesome you have such a supportive boyfriend. :) ..Good luck 
I know how you feel and you're right life will look bright again after a while. It did for me at least. I think you've made the right choice and that shows how strong and committed you are. I will not drink with you today.
I do wish you well and let's be glad you were able to catch yourself. You had a lot of time under your belt that time's not wasted just because you drank...IWNDWYT!
Well done for getting straight back on the wagon
IWNDWYT! You're taking the right steps finding new employment is probably wise. I was working at a brewery a few months ago and believe me when I say the beer flowed freely. It's much easier to abstain when you aren't surrounded by it. Try not to beat yourself up about the relapse too much you're only human. What matters is you're back now and working hard for your health today! 
Jump right back onto the wagon with us Imbetc!  It's a bumpy ride and there ain't no first class but there's *always* room for more . Good on you!..I will not drink with y'all today.   within  
Good luck on the start over! :)
Probably the best decision of your life.  I never worked in rest/bar business.  It's shocking that the manager encourages people to drink.  I just can't imagine it.  IWNDWYT
As someone who's always worked in the restaurant industry and is good at it and can make good money I suggest trying a restaurant that serves breakfast or brunch or a reputable chain and work only day shifts.
Welcome back 
Don't disregard your time on the wagon.  That's an accomplishment. We're only human. Welcome back!
You're here and that's the main thing and don't forget you managed almost a year that's not going anywhere fast and is something you can be proud of still...I will not drink with you today and well done for getting back in the fray. You've got this!
IWNDWYT. Good luck OP. 
I'm a server  just left my job after 8 years bar / restaurant . Course  I was on a binder and there were a lot of reasons but now I'm realizing how much the insanity of the room packed with drunks was at times . I wasn't allowed to drink but sure did when I got off ! I'm gonna look for something less bar more food . Good you are back and know what's best for you !! 
&gt;I know that if I could get sober once...I can do it again. ..Wonderful attitude. Welcome back I am happy you are here. We got this! 
You've got this!  
Wishing you good luck!..Never heard of a workplace where the workers are encouraged to drink.  I would have been a stumbling loudmouth and fired for sure.  The first day.
You got this. I've been on a path of healing and it has been up and down but well that's how healing is. This is all a process. Thankfully we are not alone in it. :) I wish you well and here's to always being able to start anew. 
its a tough business to stay sober in. best of luck and good job on the self awareness.  IWNDWYT
Welcome back. Good on you for being willing to make such a. If change in support of your sobriety. 
I'm glad you made it out!  IWNDWYT 
OF course you can!!! You made it ! Almost a YEAR !!  Welcome back!!.You know how to do it!! IWNDWYTD
Hey i'm right behind you!  Quit for a few months and started this busy restaurant job as a bartender.  Well that went as well as you could have guessed.  Had a really good talk with my SO and we both realized it wasn't the best place for me.  Gave my notice and my last shift was last Sat.  Haven't had a drink since Monday.  Let be sober ex-restaurant buddies!
Staying sober with alcohol around you all work day is twice as hard..I'm kind of in the same boat..Changing business is probably the best option but I'm really worried if I can pull it off...Either way IWNDWYT!
