-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8agnnj/six_weeks_sober_what_to_do_next/

Hello.first of all sorry for possible mistakes. I don't speak English in everyday life. It's the longest piece of text written in English since school years and now I'm 29...I'm sober for 42 days (six weeks!) since I have nearly frozen to death in the forest next to my house. It ended with severe frostbite on all fingers; no need to amputation fortunately but doctor said that it was really close. Now I'm returning to health most fingers are in good shape now and using computer is not a problem anymore as you can see. Long story short I was going home from a party really late at night (2am?) with a few beers in backpack and then well blackout - on minus 15 degrees Celsius. In the morning afterwards I found a lot of cigarette tips in the snow all around me (and empty bottles ofc) so I suppose that I'm alive only because I was smoking all night and not really sleeping besides being drunk as fuck (I don't smoke and have no idea why I have had a pack of cigarettes with myself). I'm not religious (rather agnostic with some buddhist inclinations) but I think some people would say that this was a divine intervention...During last two years I was trying to maintain a control over drinking but I was failing every time when I was saying to myself: "only one beer and I'm coming home" or "this is the last shot" and so on you know this story. My biggest achievement was reducing frequency of drinking in last months to only one day a week (usually friday) but of course to complete devastation. I also realized that drinking is not fun anymore - I was always craving for more and never felt really drunk only more and more sleepy and talking stupid shit to people till the lost of consciousness and falling asleep in some random place. But I was unable to stop and friday night was the most important day in whole week. I was waiting for this like a virgin for defloration couldn't stop thinking about it. It was like obsession. Then I realized that my problem with alcohol despite drinking once a week now is severe. Or if it is not really severe than it would be in next weeks months or years and it wouldn't magically vanish. And I get drunk anyway because drinking seemed to be the best way to forgot about all problems with drinking...So I had been trying to quit drinking before but this event with freezing nearly to death was a trigger; I hit my personal bottom and don't want drink. Now I'm sober for the longest period since 2012 when I realized that I probably have a problem. Things are going good now. Cravings are not as hard as I thought they would be. I observed that every weekend (today for example) my mood is shifting rapidly: I feel sad and nervous and couldn't find a place for myself and I'm sure that it is a sign of unconscious need of alcohol even if I'm not thinking about drinking consciously. The same with dreams - they're not really frequent fortunately...I practice meditation every day it's helping a lot as I'm more aware of my feelings and needs. I have a lot of work to do with my PhD dissertation so I'm busy; it's good for me I think...And of course drinking with frostbitten fingers is quite challenging so it also helped me a lot because for whole March I was at home 24/7. For two weeks I was unable to use bathroom without help of my girlfriend who let's say it diplomatically was not happy with this and didn't hide it from me constantly reminding during every visit in toilet that I'm an irresponsible idiot. She did not leave me though and I'm very grateful to her for that. I had my second chance...So now I'm clear and wondering what to do next. My fingers are getting better every day and I'm self-reliant again. I feel good; no really severe cravings much less anxiety I sleep better than anytime in my life and day after day I'm more proud of my increasing amount of sobriety days. But I often feel that besides quitting alcohol nothing really changes. I'm still the same man with the same problems as always and these problems are more and more obvious for me; my drinking was an attempt to escape from them. My fingers are reminding me that I don't want to drink but I'm still afraid that in future it will change. Maybe in weeks maybe months but I'm afraid that maintaining sobriety will become harder in future and I will forgot all this drunken shit I've done to myself my girlfriend and other people...I probably need a psychologist an AA meetings or something but I'm not sure if I want to do this. I'm afraid of the confrontation with my problems probably. Yesterday I thought to myself something like this: "oh no problem you're now sober for six weeks it's really easy and you don't need to do anything more with this; if you relapsed - what of course wouldn't happen right? - then you would go to AA but there is no need now chill man". This thought worried me - maybe my brain is searching a way to get beer - so I came here and wrote this wall of text. I feel better now 'cause I know that this will be read by people who know what's going on with /stopdrinking. If you think you can say me something useful feel free to do that.
----------immediate responses--------

Hello. I understood all of your thoughts. Your English seems very good. ..AA is the only recovery program that I am familiar with. It saved my life. If there is AA in your locality then I highly recommend it. There is a lot of brutal honesty in your assessment of your condition.  ..AA taught me that this  allergy  we have for alcohol was not my fault but it was my problem.  I went to meetings and read the big book. It is available in many languages.  Going to meetings got me sober but to keep me sober I had to work the steps and get a sponsor.  Soon after finishing the 12 steps my obsession was lifted and I have not come close to relapse in almost 25 years.  ..I congratulate you on getting sober by yourself. That is more than I could have done. Also on your PhD work.  I think you know that if you stay sober you have a better chance of completing your PhD.  ..Good luck and post often. 
You're incredibly self aware which will help you  get through it. You've realized that you're hiding from something and now want to address it. Stay strong!
Hi..Congratz on your 6 weeks. I am very glad you shared your story with us...I also have the feeling sometimes that a relapse might not be far away but then I come to this group everyday and find the support that I need. Just a daily reminder of the negative effects of alcohol and the postive ones of not drinking go a long way with me. It does not take a lot of effort to read some stories and the rewars is high: another day of sobriety!..Hope you have a nice day and good luck with your phd!
You sound like you're on a good road and I wish you the best on your Path! On a side note you speak better English than many Americans I know so don't ever feel like you have a communication barrier here! 
[removed]
I have no profound advice to give you just some moral support &amp; aloha  
For me that fear that you speak of is a good a useful tool. I should be scared to drink again. It's stories like yours that remind me how real my fears should be. I have had more chances than I believe I deserve and I am terrified to give up my reward which as been Time. As for what's next your heart knows. I put off counseling for a long time with lame made-up excuses that let me keep all of my walls in place. In reality what's an hour to give anything new a try? A meeting a counseling session a new hobby a new book. None of these options require a commitment unless you are getting something positive out of it. I've gone to 2 therapy sessions so far and am pretty disappointed in myself for waiting so long. "Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid" 
It takes at least a year for the brain to heal and often even longer. Six weeks is great but it's sooooo early. 
