-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aiafp/military_and_the_urge_to_drink/

It seems every time it comes time for me to go back on base I get filled with a sense of dread and loathing. I like the people I work with but a lot of what I do is so monotonous. I've only been in 3 years but it feels like it's been much longer. ..In December I had a big slip up. My squadron leadership found out about my drinking problems and other issues and came and brought me on base. Had to talk to the Chaplain and everything. Didn't say much because I couldn't admit to myself what was going on and I wasn't sure what they knew. If I had come completely clean on the stuff I had done I'd for sure been in deep shit. But what I did say to them and others all I got was  we were all 20-21 once!   oh I drank like that too! It's all about the college experience   I wish I could go back to those days of being able to drink that much and still function in the morning!   ..A lot of people heard through the grape vine about my issues guessing it got mangled up as it got passed around and I've slowly have gotten a bad name for myself. People have stopped talking to me because what they've  heard . ..So the night before I go on base I have the strongest urge to drink. Same for when I get on base. I just want this shit to stop. Didn't drink last night but it's been hard. The rumor mill about me makes things all the more difficult to go up to a person and ask for help. ..None of my friends understand the struggle either they just think that we should drink more and more! Or how can one drink hurt me! But for me it's never just one drink. ..So I don't have people in real life to turn to because no one I feel like I could trust understands. That's why I come to you all. I had someone I met on here I really connected to and for a few weeks she helped me through a lot of shit. But now she's gone and I'm left alone again. ..Not begging for friends I just am unsure where to go anymore for support/friendship because I have nothing left. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. Glad you're back. Since you feel like you've got no one to talk to use this site as a crutch when the urge arises. I won't pretend to understand the military and base mentality but if you can socialize with one or two people during the day and then just spend the nights retiring early to get some sleep perhaps it's a starting point. .Best of luck to you and thanks for your service!
8 year air force vet here.  I couldn't quit on my own.  AA taught me this wasn't my fault but it was my problem.  I would go to some meetings and find some support from people that are going through exactly what you are going through. 
Hey kiddo! 20 years in the Air Force here! Try not to get over concerned about others. There were people that I real thought I could murder at times over the years and now I can't remember their names to save my life.  I took classes off base joined the town tae kwon do school etc.  You don't have to be religious to hang out with chapel activities.  Stay strong. IWNDWYT!
We can change our reputation with time.. I wish you my best!  Sounds like you've got some pretty strong sober people here at SD who do understand military life too   iwndwyt 
