-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ajf39/i_thought_i_could_moderate_but_maybe_thats_a_myth/

I was so proud of myself for getting all the way through March. Then when April and my first vacation in ages came around...I stopped caring. I haven't had a really bad relapse yet - just a few cocktails more than I planned on - but I feel like it's lurking around the corner if I don't change directions fast...I've been having a really rough time with the constant messages all around me that "booze = fun!" and "this is how you relax" and "it's just part of social events". I know better but it's overwhelming...I'm finally admitting to myself that I've really messed it up this time and I'm resetting my badge for the first time and it feels shitty. I feel like a fraud for all the reassuring posts I made while I was sober - like I was just faking that I knew what I was talking about...But I guess there's no benefit in beating myself up all day. We're still on vacation; going to a wedding tonight that was the whole reason for the trip. My partner has been really great and supportive and yesterday while I was drinking and feeling really conflicted about it he had the good sense to straight up ask "do you not want to drink for the rest of the trip?" Which was something I could say yes to! So he's backing me up for that...But I think I need to re-commit to more than that. I can't just stop drinking for the next three days or I'll be right back in this state of mind when I get home. I think the truth is that I shouldn't drink. I can't. Every time I think it's under control it's not for very long. Sober me knows better but two-drinks-in-me is not good at thinking about consequences or planning ahead. So two-drinks me has to go away if I'm ever really going to feel at peace with myself...This is kind of a rant thank you for reading. Any messages of support would be really good right now. I want to go tell my partner that I don't want to drink again after vacation but I'm anxious for some reason. I guess I'm afraid of screwing up again...For what it's worth...IWNDWYT. Even at the wedding.
----------immediate responses--------

Its the perfect time to quit drinking..if you start now you'll be kindoff used to it by summer....The time is right baby :) go for it..you clearly have your husband for support and that a huge leg up....enjoy ;)
&gt; I feel like a fraud for all the reassuring posts I made while I was sober..May I suggest a little more self-compassion for this. You're not a fraud. Not by any means. The temptation to want to moderate is something everyone deals with sometimes "control!" sneaks up on us it doesn't mean our sobriety has been insincere. Don't erase the time you had get it back...Wishing you all the best this time around. I understand the anxiety but keep pushing one day at a time and you'll have this in the bag...IWNDWYT! &lt;3
It sounds like you're on the right track for what you want. I remeber early on when I'd abstain for short periods. The sober me was immeasurably more enjoyable productive social intelligent etc. And yet I'd think that's great I'm really like that as I drank the first beer or glass of wine which led me right back into the darkness. ..You may see this repeated around here as it's nothing new. For me when I commit to not drink it's just for today. That's something I know I can do even if things get tough. I tend to derail myself when I  look down the road and try imagine staying sober at my friend's birthday next week the office picnic in June or anytime on or around Independence Day. When I stay focused on not drinking today I  find the day more enjoyable. I can stay in the present...I wish you good luck and great days ahead!..I will not drink with you today.
Good for you for staying honest with yourself keep it up! Weddings are kinda fun without alcohol but are definitely a test of will in terms of staying sober...I didn't have a true chance of getting sober until I realized that I needed to quit for life. I am fairly certain that I can't moderate and that is fine. Once I resigned myself to the fact that I can't moderate then I removed the uncertainty that threatened my sobriety. You aren't going to nail getting sober on your first try either. This is a lifestyle change that is meant to last the rest of your life; most people without drinking problems wouldn't be able to it. Keep your head up and be relentless about it learn as much as you can about yourself and how to live sober and something will stick.
I'm all in or all out. If I fall off the wagon I'll have a few then I'll drink the next 3 or 4 days in a row then I'll drink a shit load and risk having another bad episode and then I'll be back on SD. I might as well just stay here and save all that hassle lol! No need to bash yourself up just climb back on board and carry on! As you were!
"2 drinks in me" me never makes good decisions :-)
I will not drink with you today!
Thanks for posting this.  I have thoughts sometimes that I'm out of the woods and I can probably handle hanging with my family and drinking in moderation now but what you said has made me realize that I undoubtedly cannot.
"Therefore it is not surprising that our drinking careers have been characterized by countless vain attempts to prove we could drink like other people. The idea that somehow someday he will control and enjoy his drinking is the great obsession of every abnormal drinker. The persistence of this illusion is astonishing. Many pursue it into the gates of insanity or death." (BB p. 30)
I feel like I can relate to you. I was always so on the fence about quitting. For the most part I was a  fun drunk  and mostly have positive memories from drinking (although after becoming sober I question this playback...). But I also had the tendency to be a wild card. My blackouts/mess ups were completely unpredictable of when and what would happen. Sometimes I would instigate. Sometimes I would over share. Sometimes I would lose all balance/control over my physical body and fall all over the place. These happened only every once in a while but became more and more intense as the days went on...Although my  wild card ness is what led me to quit it's also my saving grace. My party self is part of my natural soul it just gets misguided when I'm drunk. I'm social outgoing the life of the party- and I don't even have to be drunk. I bet you're pretty cool too even when not drinking! Give it a shot and see who you truly are. I bet you're just an enhanced version of your drinking self plus more! 
