-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8akqt6/badge_reset/

I put a reset request in because I drank on Thursday. A Vietnam war buddy of my father's called out of the blue looking for him. I had to break the news to him that my dad passed away two years ago from ALS and other complications from exposure to Agent Orange. During the call I found myself bawling to this complete stranger. I haven't done the healthy grieving considering I've been drinking heavily since his death. I snagged a bottle of champagne I'd left at my boyfriend's while he was at work then went to the liquor store for a bottle of Tito's. Later that night my boyfriend called and could tell I was drinking. I wasn't hammered but brazenly asked if he was at a bar because there was ridiculously loud music playing wherever he was. He blew a gasket and started screaming at me. I was crushed because he wouldn't acknowledge the two months sober I had under my belt wouldn't talk about why I relapsed and simply resorted to the "You always pull this shit! I can't take anymore of your crazy shit! It's over etc." He has anger issues and my drinking has always been his biggest trigger...I spent yesterday very upset with him. I was surprised by how quickly I could forgive myself for the relapse but he couldn't. It's not the end of the world. I can start over. But I think my revisit with Tito's has now cost me a relationship I was heavily invested in for the past 3 years. Not to mention I was depressed and felt useless all day. Still dragging ass today...While I was drinking I wasn't really that into it. There was no seductive voice of alcohol whispering false promises. It was more like I'm in a lot of pain over my dad and this is what I know to do when I can't control my emotions - erase them temporarily with booze. I knew it wouldn't help anything and only make things worse yet I did it anyway. I felt so strong over the past two months. They still mean something to me. I'm not going down the binge road again even if it's over with my boyfriend. Parts of me have often wondered if the relationship was a contributing factor to me drinking anyway. Maybe it's for the better but for now I feel very alone.
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT 
Keep posting and reading these posts... ?? think of some counselling if you feel that may help re: your Dad... Love and support is what you need and focus where you can get that.... Tomorrow is a new day..be kind to yourself and write down all your goals and dreams and how you can achieve them...Your worth it...(((hugs)))
It's so great you are back on track . 2 months IS huge . I know that I have used alcohol to escape dealing with real life issues. I think that's  very common . Ive relapsed more than once . The thing I've realized is that there's no going back to drinking for me .  I just try to out do the last drink every time . So it gets worse . My disappointment in myself just makes my life seem like wasted time . Sober  like today  I'm feeling like there isn't enough time to start really living my life . Why would I choose alcohol over life ? I wish you well  You are very smart I can tell . The BF seems a bit too much . I won't drink with you today !
