-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aov10/ive_relapsed_after_8_months_of_sobriety/

Last year I was having a hard time with my depression and my binge drinking and made a decision to do something about my drinking. Of course this was after I went to hospital because I was scared to stop drinking. I went to treatment for 7 months and was doing great. I then made a rash decision on a bad day to leave. I lasted one month outside of treatment before I started drinking again with old friends. It's been 3 months since I left and I am back living at my step dad's and up to the same old shit. I had it in my head that I can control this but I was wrong of course. I am laying here in bed having cold sweats nausea anxiety paranoia and guilt. I miss my sobriety. I don't even like drinking and everytime I do I think "why am I doing this? I don't want this" but then start taking shots anyway. I've lost so much to booze yet I keep going back. ..I had a breakdown today. I admitted to my sister that I've been secretly drinking at night and that I've been binging on weekends when I go out. I want to stop this time indefinitely and be here for my sisters who are my whole world. I want to be sober for my mum who passed away from her addictions. I want to be sober for my sisters who need me here. I want to be sober for me. ..I never pray but I'll be praying tonight for strength. ..
----------immediate responses--------

We will be here for you kiddo. Sorry to hear you are in a bad way. ..
Well the good news is this is nothing new to those of us who drink.  You're just a part of the worst club in the world lol.  It sounds like you maybe need to get back to treatment?  I say stick with what works.  This thing that we're fighting is a beast and we need all the help we can get can.  Hang in there friend and know we are all pulling for you!
You can do this! We are here for you!.And I am praying for you   
Prayer is underrated. It helps me a lot but the old saying goes "Pray for rain but dig a well". Now is the time to think about all the things you didn't do in the last 8 months and is there something different you could try perhaps something you've though wouldn't work for you. Try it - it might.
Welcome Thereasa... I miss my sobriety.  ..*then take action*. I found that I couldn't do it for others...I had to do it for me first. Grab the airplane oxygen mask and put it on yourself before kids...you'll be able to help your family after you get to a better place...      within  
