-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8aqn4o/today_is_30_days/

F/24 10 years drinking 30 days sober. ..This is the furthest I have ever made it without drinking. Today I am insanely proud of what I have accomplished in 30 days and can't even imagine what I will be able to accomplish with more time. ..I grew up with sober parents. My dad by choice and my mom in support of my dad. When I was 14 my parents had a nasty divorce and it had a pretty big effect on my mental health. I was always sort of the  wild child  in my family and this took full form during my high school years. This is when the most damage was done. I went to parties every weekend got blackout every time started smoking weed hooked up with guys I didn't want to and just flat out made risky decisions and lied to my family. ..Even with that I knew enough to get out of my hometown after HS. I went to college and a whole new era unfolded. My freshman year I partied like any other  normal  freshman. But in the later years I got blackout drunk on a consistent basis. This is also when I started chain smoking cigs. I damaged a lot of relationships and probably hindered my potential at the time. ..Again I knew enough to get out of my college town and moved away after graduation to get a job and start on my own. Blackouts were less frequent but SO much worse. I said stuff to my family and friends I would have never dreamt about saying sober. I drove drunk. I bailed on commitments. I didn't respect myself. ..The final straw was last thanksgiving. My future in laws came to visit and I took them to meet my family. The day was going great until I hit that point of no return and blacked out. I was stumbling tried to drive ALL OF US HOME and don't even remember half of the things I said. I thank god my family and my fianc 's family love me the way they do because that could have really broken a lot of things. After this I didn't quit drinking completely but I was thinking about it more...I probably had 2-3 more blackouts before I decided to quit. On feb 15 I quit drinking and smoking. I made it 2 weeks and relapsed. I was quitting with my conscious mind and it didn't stick. Next day I was back on the wagon determined to quit. I read Annie Grace's book and realized that in order to quit I needed to continue my normal life but without alcohol. I needed to show my subconscious that I was just as much fun sober as I am drunk if not more and I couldn't have been more right. ..I hit the ground running and realized that I needed to put my blood sweat and tears into this if I l wanted it to work. I started running lifting weights spending more time outside of the house and making plans with people doing sober things so I had accountability. Now I am at 30 days and feel on top of the world!! I know I have a long journey ahead but I feel like if I can accomplish this I can accomplish even more. ..To anyone out there considering quitting it is so possible!! Take it one day at a time and realize that it does take WORK and VULNERABILITY to truly make a change. Use your resources and be HONEST with yourself. You can do this!!..Here's to 30 days and 30 days more! Thank you universe for allowing me to see! IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Killing it! Great post!
Nice post - thank you! Congrats on 30 - wishing you many more one day at a time. I will not drink with you today.
Great news....well done ...you got a star    
I know that is an awesome feeling it feeds off of itself everyday and it only gets better and you only get stronger.  Keep that feeling  I will not drink with you today.
Congrats to you.  You should be so proud!  I will not drink with you today :)
Good shit soon enough you will have 3 digit days!
Great work!
Brava!!!
Also 24/f with 30ish days and 10 year addiction. Great post. We got this. IWNDWYT.
