-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8arbza/there_are_three_bottles_of_red_wine_in_my/

...and none of them are mine. ...Well that's to say two of them are leftovers from yesterday's birthday party and the third was a present. They gave me a bottle of red wine for my birthday and I really don't know what to do with it. I'm not extremely fond of red wine in the first place and even though I relapsed (have drunk a lot this weekend of course I regret it as I burn in depression-hangover-hell) I don't really feel like drinking it. Unfortunately it (and a book) was a group gift from my friends so I'm hard pressed to find someone to donate it to. ...I'm just scared that all of this alcohol around me will tip me from weekend-drinker to 'oh well it's open and it's here might as well'-drinker and I'm a little upset that none of my friends know me well enough to say that no a bottle of wine might not be a great idea. ...I'm also extremely frustrated with my own setback - it's not the first nor the second nor even the third relapse in my attempt at sobriety. I just feel like I'm never gonna get there. I get two months in and some event is happening some party some "I deserve to have fun too"-feeling and my non-existant self-control just completely crumbles. It's not that I even drink that much - rarely more than three beers in a night - but I get very badly affected by alcohol as I'm also mentally ill and even a little can tip me over into depression. I feel like I'm set up to fail and that I don't deserve to hang out on this sub where people are actually serious. ...EDIT: I poured out the two opened bottles. If anyone asks about them... well they're the ones who left it here so their bad! I don't feel I can pour out the unopened one though that's just a bad waste of money.
----------immediate responses--------

I would pour it out before I'd keep it iny home. 
&gt;I'm a little upset that none of my friends know me well enough to say that no a bottle of wine might not be a great idea...Maybe returning the gift of the wine to your friends and letting them know that you really appreciate the sentiment but that you feel that you need to take a break from alcohol and would appreciate it more if they enjoyed the bottle themselves?  One thing I've learned is that hints and expectations don't get me what I want.  I've had to be pretty direct with people and even then sometimes folks need to be reminded.  
I'd dump it...Their hurt feelings over a bottle of wine are far less important than sobriety.  It will remove a temptation and they will have learned a valuable lesson.  So really it's doing then a favor.
Happy Birfday anywaze...  sorry you're feeling junk. Proud of you for dumping the leftovers! In your shoes I'd respectfully return the unopened bottle with an explanation similar to what you posted here. Maybe they'll see that you're serious about getting healthy &amp; be more supportive. It's poison disguised. Don't beat yourself up let this be a lesson &amp; keep trying! IWNDWYT Aloha 
&gt;I don't feel I could pour out the unopened one though. That's just a bad waste of money. ..Imagine you come in to r/stopeatingratpoision. ..You complain. Your rat poison eating is out of control. It's making you depressed. It's fucking up your mental health. It's totally fucking up your shit. ..You have one can of it. ..But you're not gonna throw it away. It's unopened. ..And that's just a waste of money. 
I also got a bottle of wine for a gift recently. Said thank you then poured it straight down the sink as soon as I got home. If it's there I will drink it- simple.
