-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8at1q7/55_days_sober/

These 55 days have been remarkably bizarre... I've had no cravings and it has been very easy to stave off alcohol even though I still hang out in the same places where I used to drink. In these 55 days unlike many others I have noticed virtually no difference in my health life sleep relationships anxiety. The only physical change I have noticed is my silky smooth back. And the only mental change is a sense of confidence that I am able to stay disciplined in this area of my life (and the serenity that comes with it).  ..I tried quitting many times in the past. During those trials I never felt it was permanent the way I feel now. Although I am fully aware of the danger of becoming complacent there is just a different feeling this time...The one and only difference?....Reddit/SD. Something just clicked after discovering this place in a way that I'd never experienced before. So thank you. I promised myself that if I ever feel the temptation to relapse I will come here first. ..I am now looking at my other habits I want to tackle. Coffee is likely to be on the list (even though I only drink 12-24oz a day). Then refined sugar. Admittedly sugar will be much more difficult as it is pervasive in a lot of what we eat but I am looking into it...Anyway if you have drinking under control have you been able to focus on other habits? If so which ones and how is that going?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on that silky smooth back! ;). Seems like things are going great!
Coffee's a good one!!   I go off it for periods of time like when doing a cleanse or when summer hits I'll cut way back.   Then during fall and winter I get back to the daily habit.   I don't put much in it either cream (the real deal) ghee or I'll drink it black.  I typically taper over 3-7 days depending how much I'm regularly drinking cuz the headaches can be killers.   
Congrats! Try not to get complacent though. I also have almost no desire to drink because of this sub &amp; This Naked Mind but I don't want to get over-confident. 
