-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b1x66/relapse_again/

Last week I relapsed and I have been struggling to stay sober. I am currently dealing with some court that results with 1 year of jail time. Honestly I am really afraid. I am 24 years old I have a great job apartment it's just I have this problem with alcohol. I know I can do it it's just I got scared when my attourney called me saying that I will be going to jail for 1 year. I stayed sober from 1/08/2018 - 04/03/2018. I did a 5 day binge with drinking hard alcohol. And this weekend I had a few beers. I feel really shameful and guilty.
----------immediate responses--------

Your here ! I'm 2xs  your age . I just came off a 2 week binge . I'm hopeful it's my last . I still don't know what I was doing to myself . I do know that I was blacking out and my drinking has reached a point of no return . I've taken it as far as I ever want to go again . I don't believe there is a reverse once you've developed a tolerance . I wish you all the best and 24 is a great age to be free of that burden .
You know what the first 24 years of your life have been but you don't know what's to come in the next 76! Stay curious and keep a firm grip on your agency. You have the power to make the next 76 years exactly as you please no matter if jail is in your future or not. ..Also I just finished reading Malcolm X's autobiography and he credits his time in jail with giving him his life. He was a hustler in Harlem before he was jailed and once in jail he used his time there to reinvent himself as an intellectual and a master debater. He says  where else in prison could I attack my ignorance by being able to study sometimes as much as fifteen hours a day?  And he did! He taught himself to write (and improved his vocabulary) by copying the prison dictionary word for word to start. He took a hold of his life and made it what he wanted it to be...from prison.  :)..Don't fear what you can't change but roll your sleeves up and make it work for you! ..I believe in you (just like I have to believe in myself: we can do this! I will not drink with you today).   
Hey sorry you got legal stuff. That is really shitty terrible...But no point feeling shameful and guilty about the past. That will just make your future worse...If you're tempted to drink just try and play it forward you know the route just one drink turns into many many more...Good luck. Keep your head down and focus on your recovery and sobriety.
