-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b3mqz/three_years_ago_on_a_thursday_i_woke_up_knowing/

I stopped drinking 3 years ago.  In that time the Earth has traveled 1.752 billion miles around the sun.  I don't know how many miles I've traveled here on the surface during that time but I know that I am 1.752 billion miles away from my old life.  ..Three years ago on a Thursday I woke up knowing that I would drink again.  It wasn't going to be that day or maybe not even the day after because my wife and I agreed to stop for a week or so to kickstart a healthier diet. But eventually I was definitely going to drink again.  ..I was pretty sure this healthy kickstart would last a few shitty days and by Saturday night I'd make a quick trip to Walmart for a handle of smirnoff and some junk food and we'd be back at it.  This same scenario had played out several times in recent years and always ended the same way.  ..I knew I had a problem.  You can't drink two handles a week and not at least consider the possibility that you are an alcoholic.  I never dwelled on it though and certainly never said it aloud to anyone.  I knew I had a problem though because I knew what having a problem looked like.  ..Many years earlier when I was still just a kid I used a lot of pot and psychedelics.  Alcohol too but it was always harder to get and harder to hide.  I immersed myself in the lifestyle and did little else with my life.  When there was pot I smoked it. I was always the guy that wanted to pack one more bowl or drop two hits of acid while everyone else did one.  I was so proud of my joint rolling ability.  Along the way I developed some crippling anxiety and paranoia that persisted even when not intoxicated that took a long time to recover from.  A bad acid trip capped off the abysmal failure of my freshman year in college and just wrecked me from the inside out. The silver lining was that the paranoia became so strong when I was high that it became really unpleasant to do any kind of psychedelics and getting sober was surprisingly easy.  ..I cleaned up my life started making better choices and got myself on track for a brighter future.  I started drinking again a couple years later when I turned 21.  Nothing extreme right off the bat just the slow steady consistent  increase in consumption.  Year after year after year.  ..Fast forward through the years and I thought I had things under control.  College degree good job wife better job kids promotion another kid . Life was progressing as it was supposed to...  Sort of.  I had a good job but I was always hungover at work.  I had a great family but my kids saw me drunk more times than I can count. I loved my wife but our arguments were overblown irrational and absurdly hostile.  I started thinking about smoking pot again which was disturbing since I still vividly remembered how terrible I felt the last time I did it.  Despite the negatives I could continue to avoid the whispers in the back of my mind telling me I had a problem.  After all I never got a DUI I never got drunk at work my wife hadn't left me ..So that was the state of me on Thursday April 9th 2015.  I woke up hungover (of course) and went through the motions of daily life sans alcohol.  I don't remember if it was that first day or the second but at some point I found /r/stopdrinking.  I sorted the posts by  top' and read them all one by one.  That's when I found [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) and I can safely say it was nothing short of life changing for me:..&gt;An alcoholic is characterized by how they react to alcohol not by the type of bag around their bottles or their tendency to embark on movie-cliche-drunk behavior or the amount of cars they've wrecked or marriages they've ruined or jobs they've lost or nights spent in jail or on a park bench or amount they drink or the amount of time they've been drinking or anything else like that...&gt;An alcoholic is someone who experiences a fundamentally different reaction to alcohol than your "normal temperate" drinker. Once an alcoholic takes a drink the phenomenon of craving is set off. A physical compulsion and mental obsession for more kicks in after the first drink / drug. An alcoholic is someone whose body and mind react to alcohol in a way that makes it hard or impossible to stop once they've started or stay stopped when they put it down...It's difficult to capture its essence without copying the whole thing so just go ahead and read [the whole post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/17hwpk/for_those_struggling_with_the_label_alcoholic_and/) it's worth it.  ..  .....Done?  Ok.  That post rang in my head like a bell and made it impossible to ignore the truth of my addiction.  It was an awakening.  I read it over and over again.  It was like realizing you have no idea where you are after unknowingly driving the wrong direction for hours.  It was like stepping out into sunlight when you thought it was night.  There was time Before and time After and those periods are forever disjointed.  I went home and told my wife that I was an alcoholic and I needed to never drink again. If she ever saw me drinking it meant I was in trouble.  I don't know if she believed me at the time but she supports me as best she can.  ..So I quit.  For good. Here's what I have learned:..The first days are rough.  There's no denying it.  I got through with some white knuckles junk food herbal tea and lots of exercise.  Falling asleep was ridiculously difficult but I managed to get by on 4 hours of sleep for a few nights then 5 then six and after a week or so I was sleeping better than ever.  I made a routine of having a cup of  sleepytime' tea every evening even though I'm pretty sure it's just a placebo.  I made new routines to break the old routines...I changed my habits right away.  Before quitting I would often stop at the grocery store after work for snacks/dessert and oh-what-the-heck-as-long-as-I'm-here-I-might-as-well-get-some-more-vodka.  I stopped making any stops at all after work.  I stopped going to grocery stores alone for a while.  It was a little inconvenient but it definitely helped.  ..I didn't do AA or anything but I came to SD for support and inspiration and I made posts here as needed. .If there comes a time where I can not stay sober I will seek out more help and [I'm not going to let my lack of religion be a roadblock.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3w81es/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_the_12th/).  .I learned about [the importance of not making decisions.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/381vwp/on_the_importance_of_not_making_decisions/) I think of this as having an emergency response flowchart.  Simple to understand easy to act upon when situations occur that might overwhelm my defenses.  ..I learned that if I do relapse it will probably be because I have disregarded the importance of not making decisions and [made the decision to drink long before it touches my lips.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h1e80/question_for_people_who_ever_relapsed_after_2_or/cu3g38u) I need to be mindful of my thoughts and be aware if I am leading myself astray. If I ever drink again it won't be some external event that forces me to do it it will be my decision to do so. I am not separate from the decisions I make.  I am not a gun where the bullet is fired when the trigger is pulled.  I am not a machine programmed to drink following certain inputs.  It will always be my decision to drink or not to drink and I find that reassuring because of how I feel now but frightening because there are some terrible situations that I can imagine where I might decide to say "Fuck it." I worry that this is something where I have already set myself up to relapse should tragic events occur.  I don't know...and it worries me. I'm not sure how to prepare for tragedy. :( ..I learned that I'm not a special snowflake and [moderate drinking is probably not something I can do](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/3h74ci/is_there_freedom_from_booze_without_12_steps/cu4tgbu). It is [ easier to keep a lion in a cage than keep a lion on a leash. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2k2nug/abstinence_is_easier_than_moderation/) ..[Dry people and dry places](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2szkp8/the_least_popular_advice_dry_people_dry_places/) was critical for me in the first few months but it doesn't have to be forever.  I am much more confident that I will refrain from drinking in social situations and I know that if I am ever seriously tempted in such a situation I will remove myself from the place before I drink.  That being said I have zero interest in going to a bar for any reason.  ..For those just starting out the physical discomfort and obsessive thoughts get better with time.  They really do.  But you have to work at it.  Whether you do therapy or group meetings or some serious introspection just remember that nothing changes until we change ourselves. Persevere and we will succeed.  ..1053 days ago I asked [ When will I not think about it so damn much? ](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/36xyfi/when_will_i_have_a_day_that_i_dont_think_about_it/) One of the responses I got was .&gt; When will my garden grow? ..My mind is my garden.  It is not yet grown but it is growing.  In the meantime I will continue to pull the weeds of addiction prune the decay of doubt and fear and nurture the thoughts and habits I wish to make a permanent part of myself.   .............
----------immediate responses--------

Outstanding!..Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!!
Wow! This post and all the posts you linked are amazing. Thank you so very much and congratulations on having so many days under your belt.  IWNDWYT 
Woohoo! You're 6 months ahead of me and it sounds like the view from there is great!..Keep on keepin on. Happy soberversary
Thank you - for being such an inspiration with that refection. And congratulations for doing the hard yards and getting to three years!!! And deepest gratitude for laying out your roadmap for those of us following the sober path. Bless you xxx.
Congratulations. 
I'm just over halfway through reading your post and it already one of my favorites ever. Keep it up!
Thank you for this post and the link.  I needed that!  
Absolutely fantastic! Great work. Thank you for sharing this.
Saving this post. Thanks so much for posting /u/Proton_Driver and congratulations on 3 years!!
Great post really puts alcohol mind in prospective.  Now I have a post to read when I need a reminder on way I stopped drinking and to help began and to clean up the garden in my mind!..I will not be drinking with you today! 
Fantastic post! I am reinvigorated in my sobriety by what you wrote. Saving this one!
Thank you thank you thank you for this.
"An alcoholic is someone who experiences a fundamentally different reaction to alcohol than your "normal temperate" drinker. Once an alcoholic takes a drink the phenomenon of craving is set off. A physical compulsion and mental obsession for more kicks in after the first drink / drug. An alcoholic is someone whose body and mind react to alcohol in a way that makes it hard or impossible to stop once they've started or stay stopped when they put it down."..This is what has taken me far too long to grasp. I have taken stabs at sobriety in the past but never really accepted that I am an alcoholic until recently. I had to realize that there is no sense in blaming myself. Did bad decisions contribute to my alcoholism? Probably but it's irrelevant. It is a disease that I can't control and that in and of itself is not my fault or something I need to feel ashamed of. In some ways it's like a peanut allergy. It's just something I can't consume and have to avoid. It's hard for me to explain to people close to me who have seen me quit for a while before but things really are different this time. I've grown as a person and can do it now...We are very similar and your post reassures me that this really is possible. Thanks for sharing..
Thank you for sharing. You really helped me today. IWDWYT. 
So much YESSSSS.   
 It is not yet grown but it is growing. ..Yessssss. I feel this. Thank you! I was having a day where I needed a little SD validation that indeed I am on the correct path - your post did that for me. 
You're a great writer and I can't help but feel so proud of you. I hope that doesn't come off as patronizing because I truly mean it. Thank you for being such an inspiration!
This was the post I needed to read on my 1 year anniversary. Thank you for sharing the chronology of your journey here. I'm staring down year 2 like it's day 1 but I feel better now! Very inspiring.
I needed this! Thanks
I love this so much.  Happy three years to you!  Very excellent job pulling your resources together to help others I appreciate that.  
Saved definitely coming back to your post in the future. Thank you for putting so much work into it.
Thank you for this. I am currently battling very bad cravings and this is helping me very much. I'm going to read all the posts you've linked.
Really great thank you! 
You stopped drinking the day my wonderful best friend doggo was born. Great post buddy.
&gt;If I ever drink again it won't be some external event that forces me to do it it will be my decision to do so. I am not separate from the decisions I make.  I am not a gun where the bullet is fired when the trigger is pulled.  I am not a machine programmed to drink following certain inputs.  It will always be my decision to drink or not to drink ..Recently on the r/alcoholism subreddit there was a discussion about Lisa Robin Kelly the older sister on That 70's Show an alcoholic/addict who died in rehab. .Someone had commented to the effect that she had become an alcoholic/addict due to bad luck.  I responded that I don't believe anybody ever became an alcoholic or addict due to  bad luck  and got severely down-voted. .What I meant to say is what you said so much better.  There is a decision there that can't be downplayed over-looked or ignored. .Epic post my friend thank you. IWNDWYT. 
Congratulations. Really helpful..IWNDWYT 
Thank you! Such good knowledge in here. 
Hey congrats on 3 years. Awesome.  We have a lot in common. I also quit weed young.  I would het tremendous paranoia when stoned. I also did a lot of hallucinogens.  There is no way to fully describe a bad acid trip to someone who never had one. I drank young too but preferred getting stoned in those days.  Then i also switched to booze. I also want absolutely nothing to do with toxic dysfunctional organized religion.  Although i do believe in some type of higher intelligence.  We do not react the same to alcohol as "normal" people. That was a very nice post.
This is without exaggeration one of the most helpful things I've ever read on this topic.  THANK YOU for this.
Saving this. All the links are so spot on and your words cut straight through to the truth. I can happily link to this post to try send a lifeboat out to anyone at anytime. Including myself. Thank you and congratulations!
 
Wonderful post thank you.
On the verge of tears of gratitude here. So much that I needed to read right now and know I will am already planning to revisit. My sobriety began in support of my husband's low-carb diet just over two weeks ago. I realize now that I was looking for an excuse to stop drinking without having to tell anybody. The more I read and the more time that passes the more I realize how problematic my drinking was. I don't know that I would be making it right now without the support of people like you with longer-term sobriety reaching out with your support. Thank you. 
Awesome post. You are an inspiration.
Thanks and congratulations. ..It is my day one - this post has helped immensely as have the links within. It begins...
Great post. I kinda think the same way in that I never said I would quit forever but I know I can't go back to my drinking habits from before. If I do drink it will be something I totally plan it won't be from circumstances. Although like you if something terrible happens in my life I don't know how I would handle it. Congrats on three years man!
Wow thanks for sharing. Such an epic post full of goodness thank you and keep up the great work my sober buddy
thanks for this.  
I am so so so so grateful to you for this post - I can't tell you how much I needed to read this and the posts you linked to. It's more like I didn't know what I needed until I read your words and they hit me so hard in my heart and soul. Thank you for your willingness to share this - thank you for taking the time to write it - thank you. I will not drink with you today.
Great post friend!  
This is an awesome post! Thanks for sharing and congrats on three years. 
This is such a good post thank you for sharing your wisdom and experience here.  Congratulations and IWNDWYT!
Awesome post brother.  Inspiration to us all!
Amazing post and amazing to read thank you so much for telling us your story &lt;3 much love
Awesome just what I needed to read today.
This is absolutely the most inspiring post I've read on SD. I could feel my thinking shift in a refreshingly new way as I read your post and the links you included. Everything just clicked. I decided to quit months ago but I could tell there were still parts of my thinking that I knew needed to be changed. Thank you so much for your story and insight you've really helped me tremendously ;)..Someday is not a day of the week. I know what the right thing to do is...I will not drink with you today!
Thank you for posting. 
Very inspirational post and description of what alcoholism is. I sometimes see people who think they're alcoholic because they drink a few beers every day and even though I shouldn't I envy their self-control. Once alcohol touches my lips I will fight like a lion to keep it coming. ..Last week was the first time I could not just stop after tasting it but also empty all the bottles down the toilet. A small victory that will most likely fuel my sobriety for days to come and when those days are over I'll work on it then. I'm sure my mind will be better equipped for it at the time. ..Today I'm feeling slightly tempted but I have already made alternative plans to deal with it and seeing this post has helped confirm my decision not to drink today. 
I love this post. So much information a backstory a lesson and some great refr material..Thanks for this buddy you seem like a great and kind person...excellent post and congratz..also thanks for stopping by to show us it is indeed possible to better our lives..see ya next year..
thank you for sharing this today. ..way.to.go!
Congratulations on your daily success story 
&gt; I'm not going to let my lack of religion be a roadblock...I'm glad you've got so far on your own but if you find you want/need help in the future I just wanted to let you know that AA is NOT a "religious" program; it is a *spiritual* one and there is a big difference. ..At AA we don't care if you pray to the Christian God or Yahweh or Allah or Vishnu or no god at all. We do believe that there is a spiritual power that all humans can tap into but you *must* let it in. I fought AA for 13 years and lost everything. When I finally let go and stopped fighting it everything was easy. ..And I do disagree with the quotation that says "Once an alcoholic takes a drink the phenomenon of craving is set off. " I know alcoholics who will have one drink from time to time - like a wedding toast - and don't immediately go on a bender or go on one later. You have to drink *wanting* to get drunk to start a bender IMHO. 
That was a great post.I had a different brick wall I hit but the same moment of clarity.It is quite different than when I quit before despite that that sobriety lasted 10 years.My first words to my wife were" I'm done" I have never had a more clear moment in my 60 years.I also agree with what you have said about putting in the work or as I think about it as using the tools that are right for me to succeed. Thanks Proton Driver that was well done.
Congrats on 3 years! This is an awesome post filled with so much wisdom. 
* "An alcoholic is someone whose body and mind react to alcohol in a way that makes it hard or impossible to stop once they've started or stay stopped when they put it down." *  ..This! Sometimes I feel like a weak person for not being able stop after having a few drinks and I'm sure others will make this assumption. But You have to do what best for yourself. What is truly  weak not to mention stupid is having that one drink knowing full well you might spiral into a binge. ..Congratulations and thanks for sharing your amazing journey so far.  
Cool post!
I needed this today. Thanks. 
Thank you so much for your post and for linking to the posts that helped you. IWNDWYT
Thanks for this. I remember the days of holding the leash thinking I was leading the lion around. And then after getting mauled I'd go replace the leash.
Thank you! lots of very good insights! I also read most of the linked posts (for example the importance  of not making decisions is very helpfull) and will read the rest later. I needed this today and will use it to keep going strong in the coming days weeks and more! Thanks again this helped me a lot!
Thanks for this post.  Really insightful
Wow great post ..I just wrote this down to keep with me ..An alcoholic is characterized by how they react to alcohol not by the type of bag around their bottles or their tendency to embark on movie-cliche-drunk behavior or the amount of cars they've wrecked or marriages they've ruined or jobs they've lost or nights spent in jail or on a park bench or amount they drink or the amount of time they've been drinking or anything else like that...An alcoholic is someone who experiences a fundamentally different reaction to alcohol than your "normal temperate" drinker. Once an alcoholic takes a drink the phenomenon of craving is set off. A physical compulsion and mental obsession for more kicks in after the first drink / drug. An alcoholic is someone whose body and mind react to alcohol in a way that makes it hard or impossible to stop once they've started or stay stopped when they put it down.
Incredible post thank you. 
Saving this for sure! Thank you so much for your honest and open sharing............. tears in my eyes and joy in my heart  you are an inspiration. IWNDWYT
Thanks for your story and your honesty and your great perspective.
What a post!!! Thank you for tying these all together 
Saved! This post is incredible and so helpful. Loved the link you shared about minimizing alcoholism. I of course have done this and sometimes still think I'm not bad enough... when really on paper I am. ..IWNDWYT 
Great post! Congratulations and thank you for the inspiration! 
Thank you for sharing this. So much good stuff here and since things I really needed to consider. The post from u/strangesobriety is the post that pushed me to finally FINALLY quit  as well and I really needed to read it again today. ..Congratulations on 3 years! 
