-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8b7vie/life_is_hard_right_now/

I decided that I needed to stop drinking two weeks ago but I it may not have been soon enough to fix my relationship we have been struggling for some time and think that my depression and unhappiness with my life has lead me to drink more to bury my feelings.  I have been sober now for two weeks trying to fix my relationship but she has been blocking me out and keeping me at arms length.  She said she wants to talk but will not until I finish my exam this Friday she does not want to effect my mode before I take the exam.  ..I really want to drink to block out the feeling and worried that once my exam is over I will not have the strength to not drink.  It is easier to stay sober when you have a reason and I think this weekend is going to be the biggest challenge to my sobriety.  I really don't have anyone else to talk to about my drinking problems that understand it all my friends and family don't believe I have a problem and it is hard to deal with everyone telling me that I am overreaching thinking that I have a drinking problem...I just needed to share thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your Sober progress!  Hang in there!  Nail that exam!
Welcome. .I hope you find the strength within yourself to keep going on this sober path. .I agree it is easier when you have a goal or reason "for me" is a hard promise to keep! ..What really worked for me was focusing on a 30 day "reset" or "cleanse" and then seeing how long I could keep it going. At about 3 months I was doing so well and had so many good results I decided the sober path was my best choice. ..What also worked was *choosing sobriety*. Not "avoiding drinking". I chose to bounce out of bed at 7 on a Saturday to take a weekend job because I was never going to be hungover again to invest the extra money I saved in cryptocurrencies just to see what would happen to work on my side gig to treat myself to nice clothes and nice makeup and skin care. ..I chose to embrace healthy living and sobriety and see it as a "net gain" in my life. ..I did go through a mourning period and I do miss drinking occasionally. But it really did work better to be going *towards* something (that one year goal is right around the corner for me!) than basically emotionally tiptoeing through life trying to avoid the time bomb of getting drunk! ..Best of luck you can do it. 
Hang in there! Hone the extra energy on the exam. Let your actions do the talking with your relationship. Words won't work now. Wishing you the best.
