-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bba5y/i_dont_like_who_i_am_sober/

I'm awkward; I feel awkward. I'm anxious in social situations. I find it hard to start and hold conversations. I'm self-conscious. I'm fidgety. ..There are obviously some things that I like. But I'm struggling with the parts of my identity that I thought were genuine and real but I'm now realizing weren't. ..I feel like I'm really mourning for an old me... the one who could get along with anyone at any time. Now I feel the part of me that struggles to trust coming out more and more. Conversation doesn't flow as freely and I feel overwhelmed by what people think of me... something that I always drank away. ..I'm glad I have a new therapist now so I can work through these things but I'm feeling a little melancholy today about it all. I always found it easy to make a stellar first impression (if I wasn't too sloppy that is). And now I feel like it's so hard to connect. I know those connections weren't necessarily all real. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you read The Naked Mind? I really liked the chapters on how alcohol affects your personality and the use of alcohol for stress and anxiety. I just listened to them on my walk today I think it's chapters 10 and 11 or so.
I can relate to this so hard.  Drunk me was an outgoing funny person I could show up to parties and make people I just met laugh and have a great time.  I relied on alcohol though I had really bad social anxiety and used alcohol to cope with it and it ended up being a really bad addiction.  I'm slowly learning how to be talkative again it's really tough and I feel uncomfortable but I think being uncomfortable is just a huge part of the early stages of sobriety and recovery.  I think given time I'll feel and hopefully you will also feel more comfortable in your own sober skin we still need some time to adjust and fully learn about our sober selves.
Wow thanks for sharing meggnay and I can so relate. As I prepare to finally say goodbye to booze I see how superficial so many of the relationships I have with people. I too have a therapist and it's amazing -- in working with her about my drinking and why I view most of my relationshups as superficial relationships -- how I was willing to develop these friendships because of a fear of being my true authentic self. The booze distracted me from it. Slowed down my senses effectively speeding up reality making things seem interesting. Not sure if any of this makes sense but I hear you on and support you. Let's not drink booze today. Deal?
Hang in there kiddo.  It gets better.  Goad to see you are working with a therapist. ..In sobriety we become enamored with the thought of introspection and personal growth. We want it and we want it now. We are the ones that tap our foot at the mocrowave. It never took this long when we were drinking did it? While we were drinking we numbed the things that we now yearn for. ..IWNDWYT 
Wow I hear you meggnay. I just this minute posted something that reads along similar lines to what you have written here. Who am I without alcohol to numb the overwhelming feeling of anxiety I get around other humans? ..For me I have decided that at least for now I'm certainly healthier without the alcohol. And not drinking will give me a chance to try to work my feelings through. Or at the very least to begin to see them with a clearer head and try to understand who I am. 
I like the way you put that -- mourning an old you. That's really accurate and I went through it too. I had been drinking daily or almost daily for years before I decided to quit. 99% of my social engagement started with the words "let's grab a drink." My approach to tackling a tough work problem (or other projects) was "have a drink and get to work. And then keep drinking until you can't work." My approach to cooking was "have a drink and start slicing onions." My approach to cleaning was "have a drink and start vacuuming." I related to other people and to many of the tasks in my life through drinking...In the first couple of months I felt totally adrift. I didn't recognize myself. I took away a huge part of my identity and nothing rushed in to take its place. I felt the loss acutely. But over time I started to find that different parts of my sense of self -- parts that I hadn't really identified with in a very long time -- started to reappear. I think of myself as a fairly even tempered person. I was not even-tempered when drinking. I'm much calmer now. I thought of myself as a pretty kind person. I could be a selfish jerk when drinking. Bigger picture I thought I was someone who cared about doing something positive with my life. I had been working a reasonably high-paying job that had ethical issues I tended to ignore because I could just drink it away every day. That is no longer the case and I'm heading in a direction much more aligned with my values. I didn't have much of a sense of what my values were when I was drinking. I'm figuring it out now...It's a huge adjustment. It was like learning how to be a person again. There are still parts of my identity that I'd consider pretty shaky. But I like knowing that when I connect with someone it's all me. It's not me with some chemical help; it's me in control. Even if "in control" feels a lot scarier sometimes. I'm getting better at it. I firmly believe you will too!..I will not drink with you today.
Oh wow thanks for sharing this. I have this struggle as well - nice to see that you and other commenters are also working through it. Thanks!
Thanks for sharing this.  This is how I feel  I always thought I was quite social and on this sobriety journey realised that I was always filling myself with booze to overcome my social anxiety. This pattern had become so ingrained that I forgot the how I was before I became hooked on booze.                 ..I went out with friends last weekend and instead of being the bubbly drunk me I felt on the fringes and extremely awkward.  I guess it is going to take time to get used to the new person I am without alcohol. I may no longer be a bubbly drunk but I am no longer crippled with anxious thoughts and dread the next day either.  
Seriously it just takes time. When I first quit I totally panicked. I realized that there were all sorts of things that I  no longer enjoyed since I couldn't drink while doing them. Even my favorite pastime or going to shows wasn't as fun because I didn't know how to talk to people and I felt too self conscious to dance and I bitterly hated all of the drunk people for having fun and being annoying.  I really thought "well turns out I hate everything and everyone when I'm sober. I guess I just have to choose between happiness and not Killing myself. Shit...."..But amazing things started happening in my life because I was sober. And I started to get really high self esteem and learned to chill out when I got bored or anxious and daydream about all the good exciting things happening in my life. I'm about 8 months sober now and I'm in a really good place. I no longer feel weird trying to talk to people because I have stuff to talk about. ..It just takes time. Hang in there.
Have you considered using the INSIGHT TIMER app for guided meditation?...They have so many different meditations and you may find some useful for peace and confidence. 
2 thoughts to get started:..I believe the most widespread fear in the general population is public speaking...Individuals who are preternaturally fluent in interacting with and swaying strangers tend to be engaged in noble endeavors like politics and cult leadership...My point is- this is hard for a lot of people.   The anxiety that is often alluded to in this sub is not some aberrant condition but just human nature...You can develop skills to more easily navigate these scenarios.  Will you get to the level of having you own cult one day?  Probably not.  But a few skills can make these thing less gut wrenching ..Good Luck....
Omg I could have written this post.
I understand this and feel this way often as well. But particularly with alcohol towards the end of my daily drinking days my memory after drinking was awful. I could barely remember what I'd done and who I'd spoken to while drunk. Sure I was probably much more confident and relaxed but... honestly I think I'd rather be nervous and have to fight past anxiety and remember all my moments than remember nothing of the good. ..This is one of the things that prevents me from returning to alcohol to seek relaxation and anxiety relief. 
I felt the same way.  Getting to take the mindset of how I thought when I was drinking (lightly) and finding those sides of myself helped. They're definitely there  I just don't have the shortcut of alcohol to jump me to them. 
I hear you and felt/feel the same. One major reason I drank was to ease the social anxiety which is so common. I felt like a shinier more socially skilled version of myself. But that was faking it and I'm sure it looked more sloppy than shiny...I've realized that the core problem for me was that I was mostly validating myself based on the feedback of others not actually liking myself in my own. I kind of hated me. Now sober the more time I spend mindfully with myself the more I can appreciate the good and accept the less-good in me and the more I'm gaining confidence. That confidence is helping a LOT in social situations because now I can focus on the other person as him/herself and not as a mirror for me to see myself. I'm slowly getting better...Not sure if that helps but agree with the others that it takes time. You'll get to know yourself again and that can be quite a mental/emotional journey!
It's totally normal to feel this way when you're new to sobriety. You're mourning the loss of you're old self and you're previous lifestyle. Trust me it gets better. After awhile beibg sober will become the "new you" and you'll wonder what you were ever afraid of. Keep up the good work!
It's so crazy reading someone else's post when it's almost word for word how you feel/felt. I'm still working on it honestly but it definitely gets better!! .Thank you for posting! And I won't have a drink with you today. Going nite nite..sober. :)
I connect very much with your feelings. I have gone through several "phases" of drinking and not-drinking over the past couple years. I had a couple months where I was very upfront about quitting drinking but that didn't last long or turn out well. Next I tried to avoid alcohol and all situations which may involve it that helped but I missed out on some important family gatherings because I selfishly stayed away in the end though I still drank again after about 5 months. Now I am just focusing on the fact that at 30 years old I'm getting kinda fat and want to lose weight so I stopped drinking beer because it has so many calories. I was drinking like 10 beers every day my aging body couldn't keep up its metabolism like it did in my early 20's!..I know that was a bit of a ramble so I apologize for not keeping on topic but just know what you are feeling is normal and don't be afraid of who you are if you feel a bit different then think more about how you feel and get to know this person because I'm sure they enjoy plenty of things as well.
I've really struggled with this too. Therapy has helped. What has also helped immensely is getting that critic in my head to start being nicer. The truth is people aren't nearly as critical as you are to yourself. I've learned to accept that I'm a little awkward and that I sometimes nervously stumble on my words around new people. When I feel like it's becoming really obvious I usually laugh at myself and make a self-deprecating joke like  yeah if you haven't noticed I'm a little awkward.  People usually find it funny or say that they didn't even notice (turns out I'm overly paranoid about it sometimes). Self-consciousness is universal. Even the most sociable and confident people are self-conscious or awkward sometimes so in my experience I've found that as long as I'm true to myself people are generally nice and receptive. I think the more I try to *not* be awkward the more awkward I actually am. Hopefully you can relate to some of this and it can be of help! IWNDWYT.
Hey man I've been there and done that even way before I quit. ..A big part of my problem with this was focusing on what was awkward or not right. Changing my focus to what I did well in social situations connecting with people where our interests aligned and trying new things did wonders for getting rid of awkwardness and being confident! No alcohol needed!...
This is me to a T right now unfortunately even after all this time. It's different for everyone though so good luck!
I felt really out of touch and awkward for at least the first two months. It has gradually gotten better. Reading your post made me realize that it's improving. Hang in there it'll get better. Getting past 30 is huge! Keep it up! 
Think of it as going through sober puberty...you're pretty early into being sober so it totally makes sense that you're gawky and awkward in your own skin. A lot if us drank at least partly to short cut to being sociable and gregarious; when you're sober you have to tolerate the awkwardness and figure out how to socialize with people in a more authentic way. At first that feels super vulnerable. ..It's hard to do but if at all possible try to have a sense of humor about learning how to be you. Like how there are super cringey parts of a movie early on that hurt but are also funny cause the person is destined to get their shit together and do better? ..Good luck!!
I felt a similar way. It took time for me to adjust to not having 1.5L of ethanol laced grape juice in the daily mix and get comfortable with my feelings. It is called recovery for a reason. Rooting for you.  
This sort of feeling is why many of us start drinking to begin with. We're not comfortable with who we are and the alcohol lets us become the person we think we want to be. We're comfortable relaxed gregarious funny etc. But that's not who we really are. And often our drinking self is not all that great. My wife tells me that I'm much funnier sober but I believed the opposite for a long time. ..Self-acceptance is HUGE in the sobriety journey. I hope that your therapist can work through this with you. Maybe the real you is the person the world really needs. 
