-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bds8z/what_next/

I started coming here back in 2014. I've always known that I need to be here. I cant seem to get over the 90 day sobriety hump. I guess my question is does anybody else struggle with speaking after coming down from a binge? I find it very difficult for days to communicate. Talking on the phone or even to the 7-11 clerk produces anxiety and fear. My voice shakes. I keep coming back but cant seem to get past this. I've had severe panic attacks trying to get a cab or even tell them where I'm headed. I've read all of the books. Any suggestions for getting over the hump. This last breakdown was because I really liked a girl I was dating and wanted to connect with her. I'm starting to overanalyze and think it might have had the opposite effect. She just wasn't feeling the sparks.
----------immediate responses--------

I would discuss those symptoms with a doctor. But you will need to be honest about how much and how often you drink.  I don't think those symptoms are something you should ignore. 
Agree w AllGravitySucks  I have heightened anxiety and guilt feelings and my synapses seem to fire too slowly after drinking (once sober) but agree that the symptoms are important to discuss w a doctor  Good luck on this .
Hi there!..Speaking with your doctor is always a good idea!  Like you I'm also working on my sobriety. As luck would have it I'm an almost psychologist (graduating with my doctorate in May) and I spend a lot of time treating people with anxiety problems (as well as PTSD which is kinda an anxiety disorder cranked up to 11).  I think I may be able to offer some words of comfort. Here goes!..1). Unless you have serious health problems anxiety is NOT dangerous. Panic doesn't damage the body. If you're generally in good health take heart: you won't pass out throw up lose control whatever. That kind of thing is extremely rare. It will pass!..2). Of all mental health problems anxiety (and anxiety disorders) are among the MOST treatable of mental health conditions with psychotherapy alone. That's right: no medications at all.  Doing this kind of therapy work can be really uncomfortable but if you find someone good at it and really knuckle down and dig in it can help you!..3). Alcohol and anxiety are certainly related in many ways: socially neurologically hormonally behaviorally emotionally psychologically etc.  People with anxiety problems that stop drinking are often in for a tough ride in the short term. A lot of physical changes need to take place under the hood. Fortunately that happens pretty quickly though. ..One unfortunate problem with the brain is that it can do an awful lot of repairing but for people who have overdone it with alcohol in the past the brain can be pretty sensitive to the reintroduction of alcohol. So no you're not imagining it. It sucks but it's to be expected: if you go back to drinking it can trigger anxiety all over the place all over again.  There's no way to speed the brain's healing process when you stop drinking. All you can do is wait. ..4). Many people - probably most! - with drinking problems also have an anxiety problem. Alcohol is a very effective treatment *in the moment* but it is a terrible medication in the long term.  It might get you through a night but it's going to come roaring back in the morning.  I would seriously consider talking to a mental health professional about the drinking but also about anxiety which can take many forms: low-grade generalized anxiety social anxiety panic symptoms agoraphobic stuff and phobias more generally etc.  There are specific highly effective evidence-based treatments for each which include exposure and response prevention relaxation training cognitive restructuring social skills training and so on. Don't be afraid to get specific and to ask for an evidence-based treatment if you wind up diagnosed with a disorder. ..One final thought to keep in mind: many of us don't mean to but we use alcohol to treat anxiety. For better or worse drinking is a coping strategy and a very tough one to get away from. For many people they simply have skills deficits and so they flounder when their one trick is taken away. The very good news is that skills deficits can be corrected. You can learn all sorts of new things that can help you.  I've been helped tremendously by many of the things I help other people to learn. This stuff WORKS but it can take some time and hard work to find what works specifically for you!..I wish you well. Try to keep a positive thing in mind: you're unhappy with the way things are and it sounds like you're unhappy enough that it can motivate you to action or else you wouldn't be trying to read up and to learn more. You've already taken the first steps!  Trust me (well all of us): it can get better. There absolutely is hope!..(Every night before bed I comment on a new post to show support. Doing that helps me keep my sobriety on my mind and on track.  Tonight it was your post. Thank you for helping me stay sober tonight.).
