-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8biu7o/my_brother_is_an_alcoholic_who_denies_he_has_a/

Hi SD. I don't know if this is the right place but I saw this sub and it seemed appropriate so I thought I'd ask. My older brother is an alcoholic. No question about it has been for probably 4ish years. He sneakily buys cases of IPAs and will drink them when everyone is in bed. He used to poor vodka into soda cans while we would be playing video games together so I wouldn't notice (I caught on quickly). He won't admit he has a problem and outright denies it at times. But he also seems aware if it because he will be sober for a while but has always relapsed. He also once said something about how he'd do anything for this girl including stopping the drinking. Which could mean he knows it's a problem or just knows that it's perceived as one...Anyways he's still getting drunk on a regular basis I've caught him chugging beers before going to a part time job (20min drive...). We both live at home currently I'm in college and he recently graduated. I know he struggles with depression and anxiety but refuses to see a doctor or counselor. ..I personally haven't said much to him about it my parents have but I don't know what to do. How can I help him? Did you deny your problem for so long? What was your wake up call?
----------immediate responses--------

What I've seen be helpful is to offer to attend in support of the person an AA meeting or some other recovery meeting...Hearing it not from a friend or a family member but from a complete stranger the affects that alcohol creates is something that I can't "Unhear".  I've seen instances when they don't "change" like a light bulb but the seed is planted...A marker for you would be when you offer such a suggestion and whether or not they take you up on it or reject it...If they reject it they're not ready.  ..I can't get sober for someone else...I work on myself.  
AlAnon helped me when I was in the same situation with a significant  other...What got me was my family setting up boundaries. If I was drunk I was not welcome at family events. They refused to loan me money. It didn't stop me unfortunately they couldn't do that for me but their boundaries made me realize what I was losing out on. Setting boundaries is easier said than done which is why I support groups like AlAnon and other resources for family members of alcoholics.
It's very common for sufferers of addiction to deny the reality of something which is blindingly obvious to everyone around them and unfortunately there's not a great deal anyone can do or say to *make* them change until they come to want it for themselves - in other words when the pain of continuing the addiction becomes worse than the prospect of giving it up......r/alanon is a sub where you can find support from other friends and family members of addicts and there are IRL meetings too.....Make sure he knows that you are there for him if he wants to talk about it and perhaps offer to take him to an AA meeting or direct him to this sub.....I'm sorry you're dealing with this situation and wish you and your brother the best of luck with it!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Recommend this sub - it's a great way to see that there are other people who are going through the same experience 
One of my favorite sayings is .. I'm powerless over alcohol no matter who drinks it. 
What do you risk by confronting him? That's your call... but it could set him on a much happier path in life. This sub - for me - is a much less intimidating way to combat a problem with drinking than say AA. At any rate a toe in the water... AA has a lot going for it but not 24:7 convenience of SD.
