-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8blb9f/when_you_start_convincing_yourself_it_was_never/

What do you do? ..I'm reading through my old posts on here from when I was really struggling to get sober to try to remember how it actually was.
----------immediate responses--------

I volunteered to lead a 12 week step study. I wasn't convinced I was an alcoholic but I was convinced I was feeling a hell of a lot better than I was the day I checked myself into the psych hospital. That 12 weeks convinced me I should stay sober. 
"Oh Hi Brain thanks for reminding me I'm an addict. Now Fuck OFF!"
After going to less meetings and slowly drifting away from other alcoholics I began questioning whether the physical allergy to alcohol--like they talk about in AA-really existed. I decided it didn't matter because I didn't have it anyway. That's the funny thing though because it really DOESN'T matter. This was just a way to convince myself that I was not an alcoholic. So of course I believed I could control my drinking. But I couldn't have been that sure though because I went to 6 different liquor stores before I could gather the nerve to buy a bottle. Then I tossed away a year and a half of sobriety and went right back to the absolute misery of daily drinking. I have a long enough track record now to know I'm incapable  of controlling it. Easy for me to remember here on Day 11. Hopefully I can continue to do so one day at a time.
I still occasionally notice a similar thought popping up... It's always just the Booze Goblin talking and there's never any good reason to *act* on it!..I don't have a drink problem any more... I could *get* one again really quickly though all it would take is a few drinks!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Reading through my post from 8-9 months ago to now is what grounded me and reminded me I tried moderation and I really really fucked things up. 
I quit in my early 30's for 6 months-decided to try moderation-only took me another 35 years of heavy drinking to decide moderation probably wasn't gonna work for me. Once one starts it is pretty hard to get stopped again. Don't weaken. Good wishes.
I sometimes think about abnormal habits I had or unusual or dangerous circumstances I got myself into and then I imagine talking about them to my coworkers and what their reaction would be. For a while I got myself into a bad place where dysfunctional was normal "as long as I paid the bills" or "as long as I still do xy or z" so it's helpful for me to remember that in reality it was so dysfunctional that I'd be extremely embarrassed if anyone knew about it. There was a really great post on here called "a list of things I don't do anymore" or something like that and I identified with that a lot. It was a good reminder. Keep hanging in there and stay strong and healthy :)
I think about all the explorers of moderation territory that have bravely returned here and described the place. I read those posts and remind myself that I am unlikely to be any more successful at moderation than any other alcoholic has been. Then I tell my lizard brain to fuck right off..
Just read all the post here written by people who thought they can moderate and couldn't ..Do you feel you have some secret knowledge that they don't?..Me neither.
I remind myself that anyone who could have controlled it wouldn't have ended up in an ER to detox. 
I've taken that ride on the " I'm not that bad  " I can handle it now "train . Run away train ! I never could handle it and I am a bad drunk . I won't drink with you today .
