-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bmiws/i_have_been_more_patient_with_my_kids/

I watched my kids today while my wife was gone. I'm usually very sensitive to their completely normal noise levels and quarreling causing me to snap and be short with them. Today we removed sod cut lumber and posts cut screen shoveled gravel applied landscape fabric and got our raised beds installed. I didn't snap at them. I incorporated them into the tasks without getting impatient and taking over. We worked hard together all day and had fun. I was more patient and present than I think I've ever been with them and it changed the dynamic in a really positive and meaningful way. This alone makes it worth the struggles. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

This is beautiful. Congratulations on getting all that work done and being present to your kids. It's priceless.
Awesome ! Well done !
Well done.
Aw!!!   
That hope is what keeps me going - being a more patient and present parent who will not teach her kids that booze is the answer. Good for you I'm glad you noticed how much more you connected with your kids today. Good work Dad!..IWNDWYT!
This is awesome. Being present is something your kids will always remember as well. Great job! 
This is awesome. I am going through some depression and occasionally snap at my son. I have been working on staying cool. Today was like your day. My son and i went to the playground with remote control cars and his roller blades and had a lot of fun and came back and had tea. Great day. Thanks for your post. 
They will have such good memories of this! Doing something fun outside and I bet you taught them a thing or two :) 
This is so wonderful. I have a three year old and have noticed this change in myself as well. Instead of putting him in front of a screen while I cook dinner and down a bottle of wine I pop open a la croix get him a step ladder and pull him up next to me at the kitchen counter to help (with tasks that don't require knives of course! :)
