-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bna6t/i_will_not_drink_over_this_news/

I'm typing this post here and now because anyone I would discuss this with is sleeping. I need to get it out of my head before I go to bed.  There is this girl I worked with extensively last year. I played a mentor/supervisor role in our dealings. I got to know her family while they got to know mine. This girl was a very positive influence in our setting. She often struggled to take her skills to the next level but always tried her best always with a smile and great attitude. In the end she definitely came through for us and her growth process during that time is one of my best memories of that particular project. Tonight I found out her father killed himself.  Supposedly there were no obvious warning signs. But I don't know him well enough to know anything about his possible mental health or substance abuse problems. Whatever it was he commited that act of absolute finality--only for himself of course as now his family will have to go on searching for anything that looks even remotely like an answer.....I can't stop thinking about this girl and what she is going through.  She begins her day probably like any other is halfway through her morning business then gets the phone call that her father no longer exists. Period.....This is like the final chapter of the story I'd been creating for over a year now since I relapsed. My daily drinking was heavier than it had ever been. When I drink like that my health goes downhill so fast (typical stuff nothing new here). With my family history and total inability to stop drinking it was only a matter of time until I was suddenly gone. This is where I imagine how my own daughter (similar in age to that girl) would try to make sense out the fact that her father was dead and that he drank himself to death. My suicide would have taken place over an unusually long period of time but clearly it would be suicide nonetheless....As an alcoholic I can never possess so powerful an understanding of how my death would devastate my daughter that would enable me to quit drinking. But through no specific power of my own I put the drink down April 1. Now that I'm sober I will definitely use all of this as defense against alcohol. I am so grateful to be free from the maddness today. I can be here for my daughter in whatever capacity. Hopefully I can help out that girl in some way too because she has way too many days of pain ahead of her. Thankfully I don't have to drink over it. ....I hope this post doesn't come across as glib in any way. I'm just trying to work through my thoughts on this. I'm still so close to when I was actively drinking myself to death. When I heard the news all of my behaviors and life choices caused me to very much identify with the girl's father rather than be revolted by his act. There but for the grace of God go I. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Peace bro..IWNDWYT 
Rest tonight.  I won't be drinking with you but I will be sending positive thoughts your direction.
I'm glad you chose life too.  IWNDWYT 
I'm moved by your empathy and understanding and your self-awareness. It sounds like you will be able to be a support to her and that work will also support you in your continued healing and sobriety. IWNDWYT 
Wow! Sending peaceful thoughts your way! IWNDWYT!!!
Thank you for the support! As I think about it today I'm amazed at how clearly this terrible event puts things in perspective. All the petty resentments and drama of yesterday become so absurd and pointless--a complete waste of energy. ....We've actually started another project this week of the same type I mentioned above. The girl I discussed is supposed to play a substantial role though she will be in another group not mine. I'd spent the better part of yesterday dealing with another supervisor who decided he wanted to do things his own way bringing odd and baseless claims into the picture. I've been trying to tread lightly because right now we don't have other options. This seemed like a real problem yesterday! Now I see it for what it really is: a useless distraction not worth the limited time and energy I have on this planet.
