-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bni36/halfway_through_iop/

And I don't want it to end. If you are like me and have tried to quit many times on your own but find yourself relapsing constantly this post goes out to you. So if you've got a few minutes hear me out...Just over 3 weeks ago I nearly lost my job my home and possibly my future due to alcohol. My cycle of quit/relapse had finally culminated into a devastating series of 3-5 day long benders drinking before work drinking and driving and making essentially every bad decision possible. And all throughout I stubbornly held onto the belief that eventually by sheer force of willpower I would at some point come out on top if I just kept trying to quit. ..By this time my life was beginning to unravel completely. My family had all but checked out on me and began the grieving process my spotty attendance at work forced my boss to give me a final warning I hadn't cleaned my apartment in weeks my friends were distancing themselves from me and I was seriously contemplating drinking myself to death...Then after waking up late for work yet again hungover and defeated playing out my future circling down the drain inside my head I finally accepted that I cannot do it on my own. I called my parents told them I'm going to rehab got on the phone with the addiction clinic and scheduled my admission...The next day I came clean to my boss (my last post explained that in detail) and she graciously allowed me to take a leave of absence through FMLA to go through treatment. Another stroke of luck came when coworker of mine quit allowing me to modify my schedule so that I could continue to work full time and attend IOP at night...I have no idea why I didn't do this sooner. If I could share the experience with all of you I would. On top of the benefits of being around people who understand and have gone through many of the same struggles as I have in their addictions I've learned about the addicted brain what triggers my cravings techniques to stop thoughts before they become urges beneficial ways to deal with stress and plenty of other tools and information I can use to combat this disease. My days have become saturated with recovery. I've never approached quitting like this before and it makes perfect sense to me...I also took on a challenge from my counselor to attend at least 2 additional meetings per week during the course of treatment. I've been going to NA. Trust me if you told me a year ago that I would be working the 12 steps now I would have told you you're full of shit. But honestly I cant get enough of the experience of listening learning and sharing with everyone there. I may even try the 90 meetings in 90 days challenge after I'm discharged from IOP...I understand that not everyone is able (or willing) to take this greater measure in their recovery but I really can't stress enough how crucial it's been for me. Never before have I felt so confident optimistic and most importantly well equipped to finally conquer my addiction. There's no shame in admitting you cant do it on your own. If you're like me I urge you to get the help you need. You won't regret it. Thank you for reading I'll try to post again soon...
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you kiddo. I am pulling for you. While my drug of choice was always alcohol I abused anything within the same zipcode as me. I liked NA and CA meetings and my first sponsors were from those programs.  ..Good luck and IWNDWYT 
I'm so glad to hear your story. It's amazing how you've asked for help. I'm so glad that you are getting the support you deserve. Best wishes to you. Only up from here.
So happy for you best wishes on your sober journey!
Aw!  Awesome    I'm so happy for you.IWNDWYT 
Good for you!!! This is amazing!! Keep up the good work!! IWNDWYT!!
Oh this is just fabulous!  I love it when people 'get' that moment of clarity (or grace maybe?) And they just burst wide open....I had a similar experience. It's scary it's hard it's emotional. But it's truly transformational.  Iwndwyt  
