-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8brqc4/day_4_and_feeling_unstoppable/

Yesterday had its trials but it was all worth it. I spent some time with my mom and she texted me afterwards. .."I know how hard this is for you actually I don't  but I imagine it is excruciating. But I am in tears right now because I feel I spent time with my daughter for the first time in ages. Your energy feels calmer and more grounded than it has for months.  That is how you're going to be successful in all you want in life. By feeling it all trusting you and believing in you. You've got this. I know it. And 3 days wow! I hope you are proud of you    "..And that was enough to help me keep pushing through.  You are not alone in this battle reach out to loved ones. If you can't know that everyone here believes in you and is so proud of what you're accomplishing. If anyone is struggling today I hope this can give some motivation. Have a wonderful day everyone. 
----------immediate responses--------

This helps so much. Thank you for sharing and congrats on day 4. Your mom is right- you should feel so proud!
I'm on day 94. Even tho I feel better mentally I still crave a delicious drink most nights. But then I have to remember all the horrible embarassing moments I had while I was drunk. Because I've gone so long without a drink my mind starts to try and make deals telling me I'm doing good so I should have a treat. But it's a trap. I can't trust my own brain. My mind enjoys drowning in a sea of alcohol and usually ends up making poor choices. Even tho I have a support system of family backing me they don't really know how close I am to cracking everyday. I'm just thankful everyday I don't wake up hungover wondering what kind of mischief I did the night before. Keep up the good work and fighting the good fight. For me personally the first month was hell but I'm glad you're feeling optimistic. Iwndwyt.
thats awesome but for me family is 3000km away so its hard mostly doing it alone.
Good for you reaching out like that.  It is well worth it... we don't realise sometimes that people are there who care for us so much.  We shall keep on pushing through with you... best wishes :)
Thank you was lovely to read this 
