-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8bvm07/sobriety_and_boredom/

I have been trying to quit drinking for a while and have found the largest impediment to be boredom...I have chronic social anxiety and have over the years come to rely on alcohol for socialising. Thanks to meds I can now tolerate other people's company sober but I really don't enjoy it without booze. As such sober me tends to spend a lot of time in his own company...My problem is that I struggle to enjoy pretty much any activity while sober. Whether it's reading exercising playing video games... I end up passing most of my time in bed immobile and incapacitated by the prospect of anything...I am wondering how fellow alcoholics have dealt with the boredom of sobriety?
----------immediate responses--------

Wouldn't one have to actually get sober for awhile before one could judge whether or not it is boring?..Not drinking for a day or two or even a few isn't really developing and adopting a sober lifestyle where you can develop healthy habits sober friends and rewarding activities. ..It took me the better part of a year to become the social butterfly and life of the party that I am now. ..IWNDWYT 
I engage with sober people and then it's "fun"...Tried that?
&gt;My problem is that I struggle to enjoy pretty much any activity while sober...I think this is a very common thing in early sobriety.  I find doing different activities than normal helped me.  I didn't want to play guitar sober or garden sober at first because I strongly associated doing those things with drinking.  So I turned to reading writing and drawing hiking and other things.  There are many lists of things to do while not drinking.  Have you made a list of short term and long term goals?  Skills you would like to develop?  Characteristics you wish to see in yourself?  Writing these things helped guide me.
Have you talked to a professional/GP about your social anxiety? If you feel like it's getting in the way of your sobriety it's probably worth discussing. 
Drinking alcohol releases un-naturally huge dollops of dopamine and endorphins lighting up the reward and pleasure centres of the brain like the Blackpool Illuminations.....It's no wonder that everything else feels a bit *flat* by comparison in early sobriety.... It takes a good while for the baseline of what 'fun' feels like to recalibrate.....I struggled with Anhedonia and [PAWS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-acute-withdrawal_syndrome) a lot for months but it does get better... ..I spent a lot of time on this sub and reading/watching everything I could get my hands on about addiction and recovery which was at least interesting and comforting and helped to pass the time.....See also: [I'm Bored](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored) from the FAQ....Hang in there!..Woody :&gt;)&gt; 
Being of service to others really helps me when I am feeling bored or just blah about my sobriety.  Anything from exchanging a smile with a stranger and holding the door for him or her to offering encouragement on this sub helps me a lot.  Typing this right now helps me so you have been an important part of my sobriety today. I think it is all about small shifts in my mindset that transform my feelings of boredom into enjoyment of peace.
I slept a lot (still do). I figure(d) that I'm always sleep-derived anyway if I don't know what to do with myself I'll just read a book hang out on reddit and curl up in bed. Worst thing that happens is I wake up with dirty dishes and unfolded laundry but at least I'm well-rested and therefore more prepped to handle any crazy emotions or situations that may come my way!
