-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8by1qt/i_may_have_lost_my_temper_but_im_not_going_to/

In the lead up to getting sober I was dealing with heavy depression in addition to my drinking. I quit thinking it would make things better instead I lost my life raft and was to the point where I became suicidal. I ended up reaching out for help and received it and nine months later I'm doing so much better. Sobriety didn't relieve my symptoms but its been instrumental in making me better...I'm currently visiting my family in my home country and it's been a struggle. The constant presence of booze the lack of support in terms of people being mindful of triggers is almost constant but nothing as of yet has made me lose my shit. ..This just changed about 20 minutes ago. We were (are) having family dinner with my uncle and we got onto some heavy topics and I thought it would bring value to the conversation to explain my journey through depression (as it turns out it didn't). As I was explaining how I got to the point of wanting to commit suicide my uncle interrupted and said how angry that it made him that thinking that way was a sin and I was selfish/spoiled to have chosen to feel that way. And that's when I lost it. I may have yelled "fuck you for saying that" and went on a diatribe about how at that time I would have given anything to not feel that way and fuck you for thinking I that it was my *choice* to feel that way. He didn't back down and I just thought fuck it walked away from the table and started doing the dishes in the kitchen. I'm now hiding in my room with my elderly cat trying to stop being so angry and it'd be so easy to blot it all out with a drink. BUT THAT IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN! I didn't work this hard to give up on myself now because of someones ignorance about mental health. I'm going to snuggle with my cat because she feels like the one thing of value that is here and tomorrow I'm going to wake up with a clear head and keep on keeping on...I can do it we can all do it..
----------immediate responses--------

Here's a **Big bear hug for you**.I will not drink with you 
It must've hurt like hell. ...I'm sorry that you had to experience such a lack of compassion and judgment. ...But you know what? His opinion doesn't matter. It only hurt because you allowed it to matter. ...You are doing amazing job. This is one of my favorite quotes by Marcus Aurelius :...*It never ceases to amaze me: we all love ourselves more than other people but care more about their opinions than our own.*...IWNDWYT
Don't let his ignorance take away from how far you've come! You've got this!
I am sorry you had to experience that. Its hard when those we love have really hurtful (and messed up) perceptions of our experiences. Remember it was your experience you know how it felt and you know (like so many others) that those feelings are not a choice. ..I am so glad to hear that you are taking control of your life and that you have overcome those feelings (I've been there before too). You're commitment to your sobriety shows your strength and even though your passion in this experience led to anger it was not out of line given the situation. You are in control! Much love to you and keep on going!
Wow that is rough. I would have been devastated if I had opened up about depression and got that response. You killed it by gettung away. ..I have a family member that I love and respect but who struggles with empathy. I just tell myself that I hope they never have to learn any because it only comes from real struggles
Yea some people some old people some  old stuipd stuck people you are not going to change them you can only change the way you deal with.  I think you made the right decision  you removed yourself.  Good for you!  Your Uncle probably had to deal with those thoughts himself and that is why he lashed out at you.  Of course that is what I think here in internet land.  Breath deep keep strong  and pet your kitty cat.   
Get out of there. Go get a flight back home..
You are one strong person!  IWNDWYT
