-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8byvb5/travel/

Hey everyone. This past week has been a roller coaster. I would not have made it this far if not for your support. Thank you for changing my life.  ..I'm traveling for work today and I'm at a place I heavily associate with drinking. It's really tough. I even gave up mentally at one point and decided I'd drink but then I remembered how bad things have been and so I got a soda instead. I'm struggling with these back and forth thoughts again already so figured I should make a post.  ..My alcoholic mind is trying to convince me to not type this next part but my alcoholic mind is an asshole so...  ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Yes the alcoholic mind is an asshole. Alcohol will not help.  IWNDWYT. 
I'm traveling today also and my alcoholic brain is trying to convince me to have a glass of wine at layover.  No one will know!  my brain says. Well asshole I will know and taking care of myself and being rigorously honest with myself are my priorities right now. I say  fuck off  to our alcoholic brains. IWNDWYT
I call my alcoholic mind my Lizard brain Lizzie for short. Lizzie is a complete waste of space an oxygen thief of the highest order. Drowning the Lizzies of this world in sparkling water and dousing them in cheese can shut them up for a bit. You can do this - and you'll feel ACE for doing it. *raises sparkly water* here's to the timely demise of fuckknuckle voices of addiction..
Try focusing on how good you'll feel when you wake up sober rather then listen to the filthy lies your lizard brain is telling you.
Travelling can be a huge challenge! Back when I was drinking I would get super drunk at airports and on airplanes and just recently flew alone to another state. To make matters worse my friend works for a major airline and tossed me four free drink tickets as I boarded the plane - still not sure why I took them. In my mind I thought about just using one or two of them and being secretive about it but I ended up going to the bar ordering food and a few NA beers. Ended up giving the drink tickets away to a couple sitting next to me. In the end I was happy I didn't drink but man was I sure tested! Take care and stay strong - I will not drink with you today!
The "no one will know" thought is a trap! You'll know and that's what counts. I tried this reasoned with myself that now that I had a drink why not have more and ended up in a world of lies about my drinking. It's pretty shitty to be pretending to be sober when you're not. Talk about feeling guilty! Be honest about how you're feeling talk to people about it and you'll be ok. ..Remember your alcoholic mind wants you in its grasp until you're dead...Also travelling can be a great time to seek out new meetings (if that is your thing). These would be good places to share about the thoughts your "asshole" brain is having. Good luck!
Congrats on 6 days.  There is a workbook put out by Smart Recovery you can get on their site or Amazon that has exercises to help align your actions with your goals.  Some examples are Hierarchy of Values Cost benefit Analysis Balance Wheel Building and maintaining motivation coping with urges etc.......It's a tool kit.  IWNDWYT
Name that alcoholic mind! Then It's easier to tell them to f*** off  :).Mine is "Shi-theade" and she is a Shithead.  IWNDWYT!
