-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c01bk/the_strangely_comforting_upside_of_tough_times/

I learned something this past 100 days - I hope it helps someone who is struggling or starting out or not even sure if they *can* start out. I learned I can *no matter what* refrain from drinking alcohol even when times are really fricken tough stressful or sad...A couple of times in this past month when things were really shitty I ran into my local "sober angel" [the only person I know in this town who's done AA and can really get the battle of being sober]. Both times when I said what was going on and why I was feeling so awful he empathised and then said "but in a way I'm glad for you that you are going through this - because that's life. And you have to learn to handle it sober and you're doing great."..So many of us struggle - actually ALL of us struggle. None of us are here because life is all fluffy rainbow-pooping unicorns and sunshine and butterflies and perfect flawless everythings. Those folks are off in la-la land somewhere doing whatever it is folks do that don't experience tough stuff including the tough stuff of changing lives and changing direction and challenging a habit that everyone here has decided they do NOT want to have...While it would be nice to think the Universe might cut us all some slack and make everything else easy-peasy uber-cruisy I suspect that's only possible if one ceases breathing forever which is not an attractive option I reckon. Life might have it's shitty grotty annoying boring dusty smelly painful bits but is also has it's warm cuddly colourful tasty musical inspiring beautiful and magical bits. Can't have one without the other...So accepting that and reflecting on my sober angel's somewhat disconcerting observation I also see that by getting through the crap bits by navigating my way out of the downsides by being tougher than the tough times - and doing so sober - I am taking away most of the justifications I used to have for hard-time drinking. ..And if I can get through those times without and enjoy the better times that come after... why would I think adding booze to times that already feel good would be necessary? My Lizard brain might think that but it gets easier and easier to treat it like I would a toddler insisting that they have to have candy right *now* [stamp stomp screech] when it's actually bedtime. ..Every victory - every single time we don't pick up that first drink even when it seems like the best idea ever for dealing with something tough we are adding to our strength and proving to ourselves we are tougher than tough times...My friends we are badasses one and all. Let's keep up the badassery one drink we don't have together at a time...And thank you everyone here for helping me get through some really hairy horrible moments - I never really thought I could make 100 days but I did. ..Onwards and upwards!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 100!
I love your writing Whoopie... Congrats on 100 days!!..Fizzy-Water-Cheers to all our Badassery!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
HAPPY 100!!!!!!!!
Congratulations on 100! This was helpful to read this evening as I'm struggling the most I've struggled in the past 11 days of sobriety.
I'm so proud of you whoopie and so happy for you.  It's all maintenance now hey?  Let's not drink that one together   .Congratulations on 100 beautiful terrible strengthening challenging wonderful peaceful strange chaotic and blissful days of Freedom!  
Congratulations Whoopie - I hear you loud and clear. Accepting the crap that comes with giving up the bottle is a huge lesson and it's the one that keeps on giving (albeit challenging us). You're so very articulate and capture this part of sobriety so well thank you. I am glad to hear that you have a sober angel in your town too (and I'm sure he says the same for you!) ..Onwards and upwards to you and keep on relishing in the fluffy rainbow-pooping unicorn moments when they arise! Love and light x
Thank you and congratulations!
