-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c2uwr/5_years_never_quit_quitting/

So here's the story....  ..I first came to the realization that my relationship with alcohol was unhealthy in 2011 and that's when I discovered SD for the first time. I lurked for months with my mouse in one hand and a drink in the other.  ..Jan 1 2012 I decided to give quitting a try. My first attempt lasted 6 weeks or so and I was a cranky bastard the entire time. I figured I had it under control and tried to go back and moderate my intake. Didn't work. Within a short time I was right back to my regular pace.  ..The following months were a series of failed attempts to stop and stay stopped. Some lasted a week or two and others were a determination on Friday morning not to drink that weekend and stopping for booze on the way home from work. As some of you know this process wasn't exactly having a good effect on my self-esteem. I am a pretty strong-willed person and failing at this was getting frustrating. I needed help more help than I could get here.  ..So I made a plan first I would try AA and if that didn't work I would look into rehab. At the time I wasn't aware of SMART or Refuge Recovery. Therapy was also an option but I contacted the benefits program and told them I wanted a therapist that was a recovered alcoholic and they couldn't guarantee it.  ..I went to my first AA meeting on Dec 8 2012. There were a few problems chief among them the fact that I was a frothing-at-the-mouth rabid atheist. I gave it a half-assed attempt and sure enough fell back into the hole in Feb 2013.  ..There's a saying when normal people fall into a hole they try to get out. Alcoholics begin decorating.  ..Well for 2 months I had a dandy little relapse. It was professional-level. It wasn't a relapse it was a *prolapse* and my inner asshole came out to greet the world.  ..I went back to AA on April 8 2013 and this time I actually made an effort to change. That's the important difference. Before I was trying to change how I used alcohol this time I knew I had to change myself.  ..That was 5 years ago and I haven't had a drink since.  ..If you're keeping track that's almost 2 years worth of countless failed attempts to quit drinking until I finally managed to get it right.  ..I see lots of people here struggling with their first attempts and all I can say is don't stop trying. Don't ever give up. I have met hundreds maybe thousands of people through AA that live full productive happy lives.  ..You know how many got it right the first try? Out of all of them?  ..One. Just one. My good friend Bill. He's the only one.  ..So if you fail and fall back in the hole dust yourself off and get back in the game. Take a few moments to beat yourself up then move past that self-destructive bullshit and get back in the game. Do a play-by-play figure out where you went wrong and get back in the game.  ..Because the only way to win this game is to keep playing it.  ..And here's a bigger secret: It's not a game. It's war. It's life and death.  ..Alcoholism will kill thousands of us this year. We die from alcohol poisoning we die from cirrhosis we die from the adverse effects alcohol has on the human body. We die from falling down stairs from passing out in the hot tub. We die behind the wheel of a car. We die from mouthing off to the wrong person. We die from ignoring our health and never seeing a doctor.  ..And nobody wants to talk about the elephant in the room. Ending our own lives is an irrational act and the easiest way to achieve an irrational state of mind is to drink. We kill ourselves when we're drunk we die from suicide at a higher rate than normal.  ..So this is war my friends make no mistake about it. If you relapse look at it as a lost battle a skirmish where you took casualties. But don't ever EVER reach for the white flag. Never quit. Never quit quitting.  ..Alcohol will kill thousands this year I can't stop it and neither can you. The only thing you can choose is if you're going to be one of the ones it kills.  ..I will not drink with you today but what I really want is not to drink with you five years from now.
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for taking the time to write that. And congrats on 5 years. 
This is one hell of a pep talk thank you for the inspiration. IWNDWYT and in five years. 
That PJMurphy was my favorite post of all times !!! I've been around here almost 2 years . I've seen you around  . I read your post to my 25 year old addicted son . I could have died so many times . Blacking out really bad these past months . Thank you I will save this post and share it when I can. CONGRATULATIONS ON 5 YEARS           
Congrats u/PJMurphy!..&gt;And here's a bigger secret: It's not a game. It's war. It's life and death. ..Boom. Hit the nail on the head...&gt;I was a frothing-at-the-mouth rabid atheist..So...you know I'm going through this damn post-op pain stuff and I want you to know I almost popped a friggin stitch smiling at that one!! Thanks again :)...
Congrats on 5 years.  Thanks for sharing.  Here's to keeping keeping on.  IWNDWYT.  
There are some absolutely fantastic sentences in here that really resonate with me - great post and congrats on the 5 years! Never quit quitting - sublime!
What a wonderful message. I cracked up at the prolapse... ..I've also spent several years fruitlessly trying to quit getting worse the harder I try. Now I'm in a rehab facility and putting in the work to understand myself better as a person. I don't know how I can change but I'm sure awareness is a step - I hope this will be my turning point like you had yours 5 years ago...Seriously congrats on 5 years. That is so amazing. I'm overwhelmed at the thought of *years* but it's a day at a time. 
I nominate PJMurphy for the Sobriety Medal of Leadership.
Sitting in a rainy gray airport - feeling just a little melancholy for the  good   old days needed your post today - woke me up and reminded me what a damn good decision not drinking was for me - thanks for posting !!!!! Congrats on your 5 - !!! You have my respect !!! 
Thank you for sharing your story experience advice struggles and successes. Amazing. IWNDWYT.
That was a cracking good read PJ thanks so much for sharing!..*Alcoholics begin decorating*... hehe will have to remember that one.....Congrats on 5 years!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats on five years and thanks for the motivation!
This was amazing. Thank you and congratulations.
Congrats on 5 years! That was a very motivational post.
Congratulations on 5 years of Freedom!!!     .Oh and about that last bit? Count me in!  IWNDWYI5Y 
Thanks for this it's really well written. The part about decorating when you've fallen into a hole is very resonant for me. 
Excellent read! Very motivating. I won't drink today
This is fucking amazing. I loved every word. Thank you and congrats on 5 years!! 
Profound. Inspirational. True. Bravo. .
Thank you this was very sobering. Pun unintended but welcomed.
Thanks for sharing!  Really resonated with me...How did you deal with your irreligious views the second time around in AA?
Thanks for the share. Inspiring truly.
Congratulations on 5 years and thank you for this.
Here here! Thank you    ..IWNDWYT 
Thank you so much for this.
That my friend is an excellent Friday night pick me up!  Congratulations and thank you for sharing!
&gt; There's a saying when normal people fall into a hole they try to get out. Alcoholics begin decorating...Brilliant!
Thank you for this post. In my few months of battling drinking I've lost 3 skirmishes one of which kicked off a long bender. Sobriety is mine if I want it but it can only be done one day at a time. IWNDWYT!
I'll toss another old saying into the ring:..Fall down seven times.           get up eight
Thank you for this generous post. It helps people like me. It really really does. I am firmly in the tilt-a-whirl roller coaster portion of our evening/lifetime at 106 days and goddamn but a fucking martini sounds really good sometimes. But I know what will happen. I do...This is my first attempt at quitting and I am 49 years old. 3 solid decades wasted. I sure as hell *hope* I can be one of the people who can "get it right on the first try" because all the talk about the inevitability (basically) of relapse scares the fuck out of me. I know that's no one's intention when they talk about it but...scary I guess as a first time quitter. ..At any rate congrats congrats congrats on 5 years!! Your words and story help us all. &lt;3
You my friend are inspiration.  Thank you and IWNDWYT.
Thanks for taking the time to write that. It really helps. 
Lold at prolapse.
This was amazing to read and actually made me cry a bit. Haha. Thank you for the amazing words and congratulations on 5 years. 
One of the most thoughtful poignant heartfelt statements I've read on this site. Fine work.
Great inspiring post thank you
Awesome motivation to never give up! Thank you! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing.  
Wow man. Congratulations on your five years. Excellent.  I enjoyed your post. This is a life or death disease we have.  I have lost friends to it. I tell you something that should make your sobriety easier.  It isn't a war. When we surrender we begin to be open to a new better way of life.  For me the war ended a long time ago. I am now at peace. The big book:" and we quit fighting everyone and everything." I think you were trying to say how absolutely serious this disease is and we can't get complacent about it.  If i have this wrong feel free to correct me.  My old life used to be a fight and that was a terrible way to live. So i surrendered to a higher power (whom i call GOD) and began a change of life.  Also you can be an athiest and a sober person.  Their are many higher powers.  My doctor is a higher power.  My counselor and my mechanic are higher powers.  They all have a knowledge i lack and are functioning in some way at a level beyond myself. God is the ultimate higher power.  Btw their are people with long term sobriety who have never relapsed.  Take it from me there are very few of us.  You sound like you have learned a lot in your 5 years. I bet you have come a long way. You should feel good about that. All the best to you as we trudge the road.  
Thank you Mr Murphy
"And nobody wants to talk about the elephant in the room. Ending our own lives is an irrational act and the easiest way to achieve an irrational state of mind is to drink. We kill ourselves when we're drunk we die from suicide at a higher rate than normal."..Holy shit balls this hit home for me. So many times I've hurt myself or thought about suicide while under the influence. Ugh... Congrats on your 5 years that must feel amazing! Thanks for posting some of your story. .
    I am currently on attempt number two at least serious attempts to quit drinking. This is the longest time in my life since about 17 I've ever been clean from alcohol and drugs. I'm not there nor do I think I ever will completely ever there. .     My next challenge is quitting smoking. This will be attempt number like a thousand or something. This one for me takes a little more courage because I still enjoy it most of the time but I have to do it for my health and my wallet. .      Thanks for the words of encouragement and congrats on five years sober!
This speech was really inspiring..Haven't had the urge to drink for a while but this perspective will definitely be in my arsenal when and if the crawings start to occur...Congratulations on your progress and your time put into improving on yourselves...Stay awesome.
Relapsed two days ago. Thank you for this.
600 days for me today great encouraging word here! There's no way I'm drinking with you today!
I'll be here to congratulate you in 5 more years friend. Well done 
Thank you. I needed to read that. I was debating whether to reset my badge and commit to today. Now I am. I will not drink with you today.
Great post. Thank you for sharing it. This is not a game. The health consequences of drinking are a countless many. I am so grateful to not worry about them anymore. Congratulations on your five years.   
Thank you for what you wrote. I need help. You have me in tears. 
Thanks for sharing I just added this entire piece in my phones notes
Thank you for sharing. Glad you're here :)
AMAZING..JUST AMAZING.  Thank you!
I needed this today. Thank you
