-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c3q2c/na_beer_saved_me_from_relapsing_again/

I know that opinions on N/A beer are mixed on this sub. I just wanted to share my positive experiences with it. Drinking N/A beer has helped me numerous times with cravings and drinking it prevents me from relapsing. I am drinking the truly 0.0% stuff not the &lt; 0.5%...It helps me because I really like the taste of beer. I don't drink soft drinks or juices only water coffee or tea. N/A beer is not the real deal but it's close enough and I like the taste (in contrast to wine or hard liquor that I really only drank to get drunk and actually found disgusting)...It also helps me because it tricks my brain into thinking I am drinking and that makes my cravings disappear. If I drink one or two the cravings are gone and I am good..I can see how people advise against this because I am still feeding my alcoholic brain but it works for me....I am at a conference alone with an open bar and jet lagged because of the 7 hour time difference. I almost caved but N/A beer saved me once again :)....I might stop drinking N/A beer in the future to free myself of  needing' something which still is addiction even it is more or less harmless. But for now I am sticking with it until I am stronger. ..IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey!  If it's working it's working!
It's saved me from relapse on occasion too!..Seems to hit the spot when nothing else will do yet doesn't trigger that *MOOORRRRE* sensation like the real thing... ..Stopping after one or two must be what it feels like to drink like a 'normal' person how strange......IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Whatever works!!! Better than the real thing!
Good for you finding out what works for you.
You do you. Rock on.
I went to a steak house for dinner the other night and I'm not a soda person either. Wanted a beer with that steak so much and for the first time ever I ordered an N/A and absolutely loved it. Had two and was satisfied. They really went nice with the steak. I think there is a time and place for N/A beers. I know it's not good for everyone but it worked for me.
I love n/a beer.  Still tastes good less calories no shitty consequences.   
Love me a Clausthaler! The hops make me nice and relaxed and tastes great with sushi.
Here's to N/A beer!  Whatever works is a winner.  IWNDWYT
I still go through a ton of Gatorade each day - about a 12 pack of beer worth by volume (coincidence O.o???)..I'm fine with it.
Funny I just had one for the first time tonight.  I have to say that when I took the first sip it was a little jarring - I got that "guzzle it!" instinct that I haven't felt in 115 days. But you're right that it certainly didn't leave me wanting more when I finished that one so I guess it's cool?
I like NA beer but there aren't many that are all that great. The Clausthaler Golden Amber is my favorite... they're a big help especially during football season when I would normally have a few during my team's games. Problem is they're expensive... like $10 a six pack around here... but I can also have just one or two and not need any more than that... because well... they're not doing anything beyond satiating a little thirst.
Erdinger is a great NA beer as well.  My go to though is O'Douls.  It's pretty much bud light in flavor so it scratches my need for cold beer on a hot day itch.
Good for you! I have had a NA beer here and there myself - due to the taste as well. ..
I didn't realize there were any truly (0.0) n/a beers do you know what it was called?
That's great!  Whatever gets you through the night it's alright.  Whatever gets you through the day it's okay.  ..I go through big trends in my consumption.  When I first quit drinking it was tons of sparkling water (and coffee).  Then I quit drinking coffee and I was drinking a ton of decaf.  I quit smoking and ate a ton of candy.  Gave up candy and started chewing fennel seeds.  Who knows what crazy kick I'll be on next.  At least I'm not drinking with you.
It saves me in general especially when I go to pubs with people.. I just drink a N A beer and no one needs to know or question my decision on stop using alcohol..:) I can still keep the old way to hang out with people
You know what better an N/A beer than a beer beer.
I drink tonic with lime. Gin and tonic is one of my favorites and now I can't drink tonic without "tasting" gin so it really helps hit that spot and also it still looks like a cocktail.
