-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c44p6/overwhelmed_fed_up_and_alone/

I posted several weeks ago when I was a few days out of hospital and very early on in my sobriety. I'm now on day 73 and close to cracking not just because I miss drinking badly but I feel like I'm drowning in worries and my own thoughts. ..Bit of background - was at deaths door due to inflamed bile ducts had surgery which failed due to my massively swollen fragile liver. Developed post op complications in form of severe cellulitis in both legs spreading up to my waist. Can't walk more than a few meters so have not left my tiny flat for months. Just been put on another round of antibiotics so progress has been minimal...Usually writing down my worries I can have a word with myself and rationalise why drinking won't make anything better but it's not working tonight. ..I'm worried my liver is irreparably damaged as my stomach swelling makes me look pregnant even tho I've probably lost around 10kg in the last month. I'm having blood tests done on Monday which will test this and also for clotting and infection. I'm worried about money as my sick pay soon runs out and there's nothing I can do to speed up my return to work. My boss is keen for me to work from home as am I but it takes a long time to arrange as it involves reviewing patient records so security is tight. I'm worried about nutrition I'm overweight and dropping fast even before I stopped drinking so I'm concerned I've done something that will stop me feeling hungry like normal people I already have malnutrition and no desire for food at all which is not helping my recovery. I'm so anxious to get better stop being in pain be mobile just walking from my bedroom to kitchen is too much and I have a cane and several modifications to my home like grab rails and raised toilet seat cooking perch etc not what you expect in the home of someone in their early 30s! I barely get visitors apart from nurses and occasionally a friend but family live abroad so I am very lonely...I am grateful for a lot but there's only so many times I can count my blessings as everything seems static and alcohol would stop me worrying. I haven't spoken to my friends about my alcohol struggles I have nurses visit every few days but I'm too embarrassed to even ask them to look at the pressure sores I've got let alone admit how much I'm struggling! This is also something I beat myself up about as I can't afford more infections. ..Don't really know how to end this I am just in a very dark place and needed to write this. Going to a meeting is not an option and I don't know when it will be for now all I have is browsing posts on here for hours at a time. I am missing the bottle of wine I dumped when I left hospital.  Thank you for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

I have you in my thoughts this evening and hoping everything gets better for you. But remember it won't get better with booze in the equation. That is only a temporary fix to long term issues. ..I know how temptation feels and am struggling today myself. ..Stay strong my friend  
That deep loneliness is tough. I am feeling for you. I was there last week. ..Can't say anything about the medical problems you are facing. As for the other...  ..There are a lot of truly compassionate people on here who can reach out with a virtual hug or just a  human voice ..I know the pain of waiting for a liver test of some sort and worrying about what the answer will be. Luckily mine was just minor and I have to wait til my next Dr appointment to see how it goes. ..All I can offer is that being strong and powering through the sadness is the only way to go. For me if I drink again the problem will be worse I will be sicker and I might die. I do not want to die. ..Deep breaths and know that this too will pass. ..IWNDWYT 
All I can say is my mother is a nurse and though it's tough you don't have to be embarrassed to ask or show a nurse anything. They have seen it all. I hope things get better soon.   
Im so sorry that you are having to deal with all of these health related issues.  It seems like a great idea to go to the doctor on Monday hopefully they can help put your mind at ease. Please be kind to yourself rest up!  I will not drink with you today and I believe in you. 
[removed]
I'm sorry you're having a hard time. Sending you a cyber hug {{}}.  Smart Recovery has online meetings.  You can talk type or just listen if you want.  The meetings fill up really fast so if you decide to gok sit there for five minutes before the meeting starts so you can click on the button to enter the meeting.  They fill up really fast and are limited.  IWNDWYT
Stay strong friend. Have the nurses to look at anything that is strength too.
There is nothing so bad that drinking alcohol can't make it worse. 
That kind of loneliness and isolation can be absolutely devastating. I have struggled with it a lot in the past and like you found that writing down my thoughts helped me to view things differently. I also posted here ALL the time because it helped me feel connected to other people especially people who understood the darkness I was feeling. I sincerely hope you feel a part of this community and know that you are heard and understood! And a very hearty congratulations on your 73 days-- it is something to be proud of!
