-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c6sko/how_to_best_taper_off_of_alcohol/

I have made the decision to stop drinking. I have been at a fifth a night for several years. I have "tried" a few times to quit cold turkey. The withdraw effects were severe and I ended up relapsing each time. I believe that tapering off is the best course for me. I have researched the different ways to taper but they often conflict with other experiences. I believe that measuring my intake and reducing it by an ounce every day might be a controllable method that will have less impact on my personal &amp; professional life. I am at peace with the fact that cold turkey is not a method that I can sustain. I would love to hear some stories about how you successfully tapered off. All advice is welcome judgement is not.
----------immediate responses--------

Can you go to the doctor? They can give you medications to help with the withdrawals and they can give you medical advice. That would be the safest and most comfortable way to quit. 
I would class myself as a moderate drinker so in terms of physical withdrawal symptoms I can't share any tips as my symptoms are mainly psychological as opposed to physical. All I can say is along with many people controlling my intake has proved impossible. It might turn out to be very hard to taper your intake. I would venture that seeking professional support if you suffer from strong withdrawal symptoms might be a better approach. I hear physical withdrawal symptoms can sometimes be very dangerous. Good luck and you're not alone. 
I did a taper the first time I stopped drinking after many solid years of drinking. Each person is different so I don't really have advice. If you can see your doctor that would be best. Hang in there. Hugs!
I would definitely check in with you doctor. I didn't have the willpower to taper because once alcohol is in my system my willpower to drink less is gone. Doctors will prescribe medications to help.
Many have been successful with tapering. I was not one of them. I tried and once I got a buzz I just kept going until I was at normal level drunk. The only thing that worked for me was a medical detox at the hospital. If you have the discipline it can be done but it will take a while to safely drop from the level you're at. Hams has a taper guide you can check out.
I had to go to the hospital to detox.  I tried several times to do it by myself and always eventually ended up in the same place.  At the hospital I was given several IVs and Chlordiazepoxide Hydrochloride which I was prescribed at 100 mg per day after I was discharged (I was in the hospital for 6 days).  The Chlordiazepoxide was making me loopy. 100 mg was 4 capsules for me.  My cousin is a physician and she told me to taper from that at 3 per day then 2 etc etc.  Eventually I stopped. My cravings were gone but its because I still felt nauseous and depleted after my hospital visit.  Fast forward  Its been 5 weeks since the hospital visit.  I felt I was ready to meet with a client and colleagues for an upcoming project (I freelance).  I felt great but could NOT resist the temptation to have "a little" sake with our sushi dinner.  I must have had about 4 ozs (plus water) and the next day I felt like I had the hangover from HELL.  Nothing helped.  Nothing. Greasy hamburger Excedrin water  Gatorade. Nothing.   This lasted almost 48 hours. I regretted it so much.  That was how I had to FORCE myself to stop.  It worked for me and I'm hoping and praying that I can maintain this forever.   I don't ever want to feel that sick again.  The counselors at the hospital that I have an appointment with next week said they will talk to me about Naltrexone ( i think) which is supposed to suppress the euphoria that drinking produces. I'll report back if they decide to prescribe it to me and if I think it actually helps.  This may not be the best approach for everyone but it worked for me. And I'm glad I'm taking my life back from the hell of a vicious cycle. And find a new doctor.  The hospital steered me in the right direction on that too. You can this!  There is hope  one way or another. 
