-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8c6xtp/would_love_to_hear_from_other_social_binge/

Hi all ..Really struggling to stay on the wagon lately. It just seems like every weekend I end up partying way too hard and it's all happened before I've even noticed. ..I had problems with AA because everyone that I met there was using alcohol as a crutch for some deeper emotional problem and because that's not my issue it just made that voice stronger that tells me I don't need to stop. ..I would love to hear from those of you whose experience with alcohol was mostly social binge drinking. I think I would find it really encouraging as I'm at a very low ebb. 
----------immediate responses--------

Drinking is a bad way to stay sober.
I was like this. You might think there is no underlying issue or problem but normal drinkers drink socially as in have a few beers. There is a misconception that you can't have an alcohol problem if you are never drinking alone. 
*wave* That's me! When I have more than one or two drinks during social situations I often get to a point of no return and have no off button until I'm truly pickled. I've never blacked out and stayed safe thanks to my mum drilling personal safety into my head from a young age but only just. ..Now there is less of this type drinking (in my early 30s) but more   I need a large glass or three to wind down after work  . So the binge drinking paved the way to drinking every day after work with the now occasional binge. And let me tell you   recovering from a binge at 22 is vastly easier than in your 30s...Guessing you're feeling guilty and anxious right now. Don't. What's done is done and best is too look forward. I would concentrate on a course of action to avoid the next binge: triggers situations and so on...Good luck! You can do this! 
I am a binge drinker.  You don't have to hit rock bottom to want to quit.  Plenty of folks on here just know that they are better versions of themselves without alcohol.  Alcohol is an addictive toxic poison that brings no pleasure or support so why even want to drink at all.  It adds nothing to my life only takes away. 
Hey. I was a huge binge drinker. Like never wanted the party to end would blackout everything and keep drinking during blackout having no idea what happened for hours of my nights and sometimes having no idea how I got home. Would justify I always got home safe would shower and brush my teeth blackout (I'd know that bc I'd wake up clean etc) and only ever lost my phone once so figured I was a  responsible  blackout drunk. Hahaha there is no such thing. .Never drank throughout the week. .Anyway maybe you have no underlying issues... but... maybe you do and you haven't discovered them yet... you're still early into not drinking. Maybe you can relate to ppl of AA for that reason but certainly you can relate to them in the sense that you all think you have a drinking problem and want to stop. .If you keep going and really don't like it you can always find another support system. .Good luck to you. 
For the first decade or so that I drank I don't think there was any emotional component to it at all. What people end up doing with simple  problem drinking  or even just frequent excess is throwing the door wide open to a much more serious problem down the line. If you think it's maybe time to get off the bus  guess what it is definitely time. How long it takes to act decisively on that is going to define how much of your life gets taken away. I wish I had stopped a lot sooner. 
I didn't have any success from my recovery program while I focused on "the differences"....."well I'm not like her because....". ....and "I'm not like him because..."...Then I got honest about ONE thing -  I had *Undesired Consequences* from alcohol.  I had that EXACT similarity with EVERYONE in that room.  ..We all experienced Undesired Consequences from alcohol...Then I started to have success ...Couldn't do it while I was a unique snowflake...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
This was me!  Sober all week and when the weekends came I hit the wine hard.  I convinced myself and others that I didn't have a problem for years.  I would find myself craving the wine all week but thought I was ok because I could "hold off" till the weekend.  I never hit rock bottom but knew it was time to give it up and deal with all that life throws at me sober.  There are many different types of problem drinkers out there.  Thanks for posting because social binge drinking I can relate to.
