-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ccrfm/life_of_a_young_alcoholic/

Help? Advice?..I'm working towards sobriety but have been struggling. I'd love your advice on how you got sober...I'm a 25 y/o female. ..Here are things I'm working on dealing with:.-Grew up with an alcoholic father.-Had cancer at the age of 5.-Pulled out of public high school when my dad found out I had sex at age 15. .-Locked in my bedroom for solitary confinement at age 15 for 3 months due to above. .-Grabbed by my hair during a drunken encounter with my father at age 18..-Walked out of the house for good at age 18 due to above. .-Lived in homeless teen housing..-Went to community college then university. .-Rekindled relationship with dad while in college..-Worked as a waitress at a restaurant for 12 hours on Father's Day. Called Dad. Was mad I hadn't made a Facebook post about him. r/raisedbynarcissists.-Tell boyfriend about situation. He reaches out to father due to ridiculousness of the situation. Father responds with threats of violence. Last contact with father..-Gets pregnant on accident while at university with above mentioned boyfriend. Raised in pro-life family..-Have abortion. Thanks Planned Parenthood!.-Gain 40 pounds in 6 months due to drinking heavily .-Loses confidence..-Move to new state with boyfriend for grad school. Land dream job..-Continue heavy drinking. .-Father leaves threatening and mean voicemails on voicemail..-Boyfriend and I decide to live separately for next year to see if it helps my drinking....and working on myself for myself. .-2 weeks ago: Father attempts suicide. Family blames me for lack of contact. ..Currently struggling deeply with guilt. I have an amazing therapist helping me. ..Help?..TLDR: 25 y/o alcoholic seeking advice.
----------immediate responses--------

I only know about AA but there are other recovery programs. ..Another one is Adult Children of Alcoholics (ACA). ..Check out the sidebar in r/alcoholism ..Good luck. 
Awwww hon...I'm so sorry to hear about all that you've been through...However I admire the hell out of you for reaching out...and at 25!!..I started drinking heavily when I was 27; had just gone through a bad divorce (ex husband married my best friend/maid of honor) and I drank till I was 44. I *wish* I had gotten sober earlier - I've missed a lot of good years of life by being black out drunk...Here's the good news: you're young you know what you want you're on the right path you're here with us and *you're being active by seeing a therapist*. That speaks *volumes*...Girl keep on reaching out - I'm so proud of you!..As for advice I'd love to give you some feedback that I've found useful here:..Like to read? I found that our [books](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/books) not only kept me busy and not thinking about drinking but it also *taught me* and *informed me* all about my alcoholism. You'll see a lot of comments about This Naked Mind; it's one of my favorites ;)...Perhaps scroll through [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index); it answered most of my questions...Not interested in AA? No problem. Many of our SDer's have found SMART and Refuge Recovery very helpful...Grab a [badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) to count your days sober. ..Chill out in our IRC - the link's in the sidebar on the right. Say hi to my friend u/stratyturd for me ;). He along with many others in that room have gotten me through some pretty rough times. The kindness and compassion here? Priceless. You'll never find another community like it...So my dear deep breaths. It's gonna be OK. Just keep comin' back ;). &lt;3
Jeeze that's tough but sometimes the biggest achievers in life come from rough beginnings. My thoughts:..-Your Dad is toxic and you're better off without him. Possibly some of your family as well..-Please don't drink or do drugs to cope with the guilt. Russel Brand is amazing and has good thoughts on life:  https://www.facebook.com/RussellBrand/videos/10155517432423177/UzpfSTEwMDAwMTA5NTg5MDc3OToxNzcxNDUxNzAyOTAxMzQy/?id=100001095890779..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK083EvyiMI..-You're so young. If you stay clean you can and will achieve great things. .-Dream big. What do you really want in life?
My heart really goes out for you. Sending you hugs. It sounds like you have experienced some really intense stuff. I would highly recommend AA I'm also in my twenties and have found a lot of people my age who go to meetings also is there an opportunity for you to speak to a counsellor? I know some places have drop in counselling or pay what you can for counselling as it can be expensive. I think you're doing such a brave thing by reaching out. You are not alone.
You seem to be doing this right IMHO. Good job getting therapy. Stick around here for lots of online support in your sobriety. Look at in-person support groups as others are suggesting. ..Good for you getting your life together after an unstable youth with an unreliable parent. Good for you getting sober young. Keep taking it a day at a time. We're all rooting for you.
Just here to thank you for sharing and to offer support!..I'm 25 YO f too my father wasn't abusive (I am sorry to hear this) but I resonate with your story... I.e sex at a young age abortion in a pro life family drinking spiraling out of control...Keep coming here. I got to AA you may want to try that and al-anon. ..The thing that keeps me going is knowing alcholism is a fatal progressive disease. I'm 25 but I could die in a car crash at any moment if I pick up a drink. Also if I keep going before I know it I'll be 50 with a slew of health (physical and emotional) problems before I know it...IWNDWYT!
Don't go to AA for the steps. Go for the friendships   
Here's my advice stay the fuck away from your family.  Your father is your parent.  You are not his mother.  He is responsible for his actions.  And the rest of your family they blame you for lack of contact?  Are you kidding me?  ..It sounds like you could get your shit together and be a decent human being.  Grad school is pretty impressive.  But you've got to worry about yourself.  With your Dad and family bullshit boyfriend problems grad school that's a lot of shit to deal with and I bet that alcohol is the last thing you need in your life.  Good luck. 
Sorry about what you are dealing with but you are taking a lot of positive steps despite it. These are what I would focus on...You aren't responsible for your father. Clearly he is being manipulative and I know I would continue to distance myself from someone like this...I think you'll be okay! 
My parents didn't do anything as bad as that and I terminated my relationship with them. ..My family was toxic to my sense of self and ultimately my self-worth. I don't communicate with them any longer. I am no longer willing to live down to their expectations. ..I am a lot older than you have my own family so it may be easier for me to do this. 
