-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cfn4u/been_planning_a_relapse_for_days/

Title says it all. I even have the "supplies" in my house. My current life situation is that I spend most of my time alone so I really don't have any accountability to anyone. I get lonely and depressed on and off and I feel like "what's the point?" This past week was bad. I had to get a biopsy in the middle of one of my workdays I've been sick work is an unforgiving grind and my mom lost her job and is living far from me with my siblings. I've been reading the posts here constantly re-reading my own posts and I won't lie I've been smoking a pack a day just trying to distract myself. Last night I was an inch away from just giving up. I spent Friday cooking lasagna for my friend who just gave birth and her family then I dropped it off yesterday and when I drove home I felt so alone. I didn't drink I worked on a knitting project instead. I talked with a long distance friend and he told me that he's so proud of what I've been doing. He lived with me during a time when I was abusing alcohol and cocaine and he told me he loves me even more when I'm not fucked up and that that stuff just brings out the worst in me. I woke up today not feeling super proud and still feeling down. I'm sorry this is kind of a ramble I just need to get it out. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

When I was in rehab they taught us that a relapse rarely just happens the mind has been setting it up for some time before you actually drink..
It's okay to feel bad sometimes. I think that's just part of life.  Sounds like you have some not so great things happening. ..You may have been close to a relapse but you didn't do it and that's a victory. Stay victorious.   
{{hugs}} Good for you that you kept yourself together last night. 
The problem with success is that nothing really happens. There's no big event like there is with failure--with failure you know it. You can't miss it. But successful recovery gets no award--it is the journey itself willingness the slow burn of healing the unlikely if self-evident truth of becoming the turning over of the season into spring: by imperceptible thaw. It's hard to grab hold of and hard to love but the truth in it can make you whole. Keep going. 
I'm only 27 days in but week ago I quit smoking....Now I have no time to think about missing wine because I'm so focused on not smoking. For me nicotine addiction seams to be stronger. At least right now. ...I can't relate to your feelings of loneliness and depression.  Sometimes I just have a big ugly cry to let it all out. It helps for a while. I have to remind myself that I'm the only person who fully has my back and the only person I can rely on...."What's the point?" and "Fuck it!"  Are the most dangerous phrases in my sobriety book.....Keep on fighting even if it seams to be a lost battle. Keep on fighting so you can win the war....IWNDWYT   
Thanks for sharing this. I feel a little it this way too not planning per se but adrift in the nothingness and general malaise of day 108 without booze. I also used to use coke in addition and I'm so grateful that I have not wanted ANY of that (never did really if I wasn't actively drinking/drunk) since I quit. I know quitting drinking won't solve all my problems but I gotta admit I thought I'd be feeling so so so much better by now like in a more significant way. But it is what it is. Been trying meditation every night to get a little better at accepting what is in whatever form it may come. {{Hugs}} to you. 
