-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cfpo6/day_1/

Today is day 1 for me. My relationship with alcohol is perhaps like many of yours. Not your stereotypical drunk. 4-6 beers a night 4-5 days a week...I've tried to quit more times than I can count but it's so habitual for me. I don't think there's a physical dependence my struggle is mental.  Part of me feels foolish for even being here; my problem seems so insignificant relative to those who are fully dependent on drink. ..
----------immediate responses--------

If you've got a problem with your drinking you're in the right place. Lots of support to go around...Congrats on making this decision!..I will not drink with you today
It's not a competition as to who has the worst problem!..If you think your drinking is an issue and you'd rather stop doing it that's all that matters... Anyway it's progressive and only tends to get worse over time if you do nothing about it.....I tried loads of times to stop on my own (in a half-arsed sort of way) but it never stuck for very long and that got demoralising in itself.....*This time* I had the support of this sub and the right tools and resources to stop and *stay* stopped and it's made a huge difference!..The book [Alcohol Explained](http://alcoholexplained.com/about-alcohol-explained/) explains alcohol and alcoholism from a chemical physiological and psychological standpoint and is very enlightening indeed.....The book and YouTube Channel [*This Naked Mind*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4KpBxerD_BIksjUfUT4hVw/videos) are also fantastic and helped me enormously... ..Hope that gives you some ideas to get started!..I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hi day 1 buddy! I won't drink with you today   
Thanks everyone. Psyched to join this community! Appreciate the tips and words of encouragement!!!
I think the majority of people here are not physically addicted in the sense of needing a drink to stop shakes or a dangerous withdrawal.  For me I think it was more of a mental crutch.  Alcohol actually disabled from taking action steps to change.  I just kept sipping the wine and complaining to myself about my life but not doing anything about it.  It really is a shitty drug.  Check out This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  It's a favorite here and puts alcohol in a different light.  She has a good podcasts on youtube too.  IWNDWYT
Day 1 for me too! I'm in the same boat as you   tried to quit loads of time but have failed over and over cause quite frankly I did not really try! So let's do this together. 
Well if I had stopped before I had such a big problem that would have been pretty smart.  So good for you    it's good to have you here!  IWNDWYT 
Let's keep each other accountable  
Doing ok! Easy as she goes  
All good  
Stay strong! We are in this together we can do this! If people want to drink poison that is on them we don't want to cause next day we know that it's poison And it's destroying us slowly! Go to bed early do what ever you can! I'll keep track of your replies  
Same here! 
