-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cfst9/six_months/

This time last year I was gearing up for a once in a lifetime trip that ended up being miserable because alcohol wasn't readily available. Persistent suicidal ideation was a part of my daily reality. I had become a hateful spiteful creature filled with nothing but self loathing. The following six months were the worst in my life and were essentially strings of short term sobriety (90% day ones) followed by relapse...Today I am up with the sun as what is now usual. I am in the best shape of my life. Vomiting into my toilet has been replaced by light exercise as the first thing I do in the morning. I am leaving a stable job to pursue self employment. I don't have to convince myself that life is worth living everyday...I have had to come to terms with some hard truths about myself. I still struggle with envy and selfishness and anger and depression. I've had to accept the time I spent drinking is lost to me forever opportunities squandered are no longer available to me. I've burned bridges and left a pall on my families' name. ..But I can deal with the consequences of my past life. I can make amends to the people I have failed and most of all to myself. I've recovered the most valuable thing I signed over to alcohol: hope...Thanks to everyone who shared their struggles during this time it was critical to me achieving this milestone which seems so minor but impossible half a year ago...To people stuck in the cycle of "Never Again!" followed by daily relapse- please keep going. One day it will click and the benefits of sobriety will start accumulating in ways you can't expect.
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Good for you onwards and upwards... here's to the future!  :)
Keep forging ahead there's gold in them there hills!  Good words on 6 months    iwndwyt
Thanks for sharing!  Here's to 6 months and hope!  IWNDWYT
Great job!
