-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cfvse/projection_or_reasonable_anger/

Yesterday me and my guy went to breakfast/brunch in a part of town known for lots of hipster bars serving brunch drinks. .We then went to the thrift store to grab some bargains and he went home and I continued the adventure killing time until I needed to go to an event in other area of town nearby. ..On my walk to the next store after I said goodbye to my BF the following happened: ..A car pulls over suddenly and a woman gets out and visibly struggles with helping a guy out. He's clearly dazed and holding his body weirdly. She is annoyed and says "just take the whole thing off" (meaning his jacket). ..It's then that I see the side of the car has liquid vomit on it and I felt a huge flash of intense rage. ..So this guy puked in the car on himself and out the window and now he's being helped out by his long suffering GF. ..I have never thrown up in public because of drinking although many a hangover has resulted in some serious bathroom regrets time. However something about day drinking until you puke in public and have to have other people take care of you just GOT to me. ..It was 12.30 PM. I just.....I'm not even sure who to be mad at: the bartenders who overserved this guy? The guy who made me feel ill and upset on my nice Saturday and probably really ruined his girl's day? .The alcohol industry for making it seem like it's totally okay and cool to drink to excess *in the morning*? I should note this part of town has tons of "land mine" puke spots in the AM near bars on corners etc. ..I am tired of feeling like I'm going to puke seeing or smelling the evidence of drunken shenanigans! It's not funny! It's not a cool story bro! It's not okay! GOD. ..I mean am I overreacting here? It's not like I said anything I just fumed for a few minutes and then moved on thankful I wasn't risking being that dude. ..What do you guys think? 
----------immediate responses--------

I understand!  All anger can be made "reasonable"...I'm an expert at finding a "good" reason for everything I do !!..I'm human.  I have "reflexes" which I cannot control.  Strike my patella with a percussion hammer and my lower leg will move outward.  Reflex.  Can't change that...Responses -  after the reflex I get to either (a) run on automatic with whatever the urge or reflex stimulated; or (b) make conscious and purposeful choice about how I will be.  ..For me I no longer "enjoy" being angry.....being *outraged*....  being *Justified*....    The adrenaline the constricted blood vessels the narrowing focal field the increased blood pressure the elevated heart rate....  and then the "nauseous" felling afterward.  ..Anymore I notice that I have a "reflex" of anger and then I process it out of me.  ..I'd rather have peace.
Man I think that little scene was good for you to witness.  Cementing all the various reasons why you won't be that guy in your own future.  And yeah we live in a strange society and alcohol shouldn't be pushed the way it is slimy advertisements inundate is with sex cash and booze.  Glad we can get out of that game.  Sorry we fell for it... especially now that it's become so obvious.  IWNDWYT 
Coulda been any number of things that caused him to get that drunk maybe he didn't sleep still drunk from the night before. Maybe he got kicked out of wherever they had been. Yikes though. I hear ya! I would have been embarrassed for him and the girl. And thank goodness we don't have to be that person any more or ever again. It's definitely not cool or ok and i wish too that it wasn't seen that way so often! IWNDWYT 
I am not in AA but every once in a while I go to a meeting and they always have us say a prayer for the people who are still suffering. Until a few years ago that person throwing up in public after day drinking would have been me. I'm just so grateful that it isn't any more.
I get flashes of anger when I see  stupid shit all the time. But the flash is just a flash &amp; it goes away. IMHO it's totally normal.
I try not to judge people who suffer in addiction. None of us ever starts out like that guy.
