-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cj60n/trying_to_get_sober_in_your_20s/

Hey everyone I'm wondering if any of you are currently trying to get sober in your 20's or have some stories/insight from trying to get sober in your 20's? I don't know many people my age (24) around me that are trying to get sober so I guess I'd just love to hear some success stories things you've struggled with and anything you'd like to share about struggling with drinking at a young age. Thanks :)
----------immediate responses--------

I think you will receive a few responses. I have been reading this sub a lot kately and there seems to be quite a few people your age that are sober or are trying to get sober. ..Good luck. I wish I would have sought help when I was your age. ..IWNDWYT 
I got sober when I was 25.Stayed sober for nearly 3 years.Am just coming back in now.I'm part of the Toronto lgbt AA community of which there are many young people. I am usually the youngest person there even now at 28 but the young sober people are out there..I actually prefer to hang out with my friends who are in their late 30's as I have been told and believe I am somewhat of an  old soul  but there it's crowd of youngin's out there 
I'm at over a month now 26M in my third year of uni in the UK (so think BIG drinking culture). It was a bit tricky at first and I've stayed away from parties (including one that I really wanted to go to I just didn't think I could handle the temptation) and the pub where I spent 4-5 nights a week when I was drinking. I had to spend a lot of time focusing on myself the first few weeks were really lonely not drinking at uni feels like missing out on the entire social side and watching ti unfold on facebook didn't help so I deleted my account which has helped immeasurably now the only people I speak to and hear news from are the ones I want to. Instead of drinking every night now I'm at the gym 3 times a week in the evening and climbing/bouldering at least twice it's still social there's no hangover and it's actually good for me. I went out to the pub on friday night for the first time since I quit because I didn't want to be the guy who just goes to the gym and then goes to bed at the weekend had 2 cokes and 2 non-alcoholic beers stayed until closing and had a really good time. Just got back from the Sunday night pub quiz and to be honest it was alright at first but people ruined the atmosphere for me by getting too drunk...It's tricky at first but I'm over the hump. Some people aren't helpful and insist that I'm just doing it 'for a while' or continually offer to buy drinks but to be honest that lack of faith and respect in me is just more motivation to keep going.
There are definitely a few folks on this sub even younger than you I've seen a few 16/17 year olds about the place who are doing well!..I reckon a lot of us old farts in our 30's and beyond wish we'd got sober in our 20's I know I certainly do......Anyway going sober is all the rage at the moment you're just getting in early to avoid the rush......Wishing you the best of luck and hope you'll stick around!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I began my sober journey at 27 so just a little older than you are now. After failing out of college due to drinking and moving back in with my parents instead of actively searching for a job I continued on my destructive path with my relationship with the bottle. It wasn't until I woke up one morning after a 12 hour period in which I have no recollection did I decide to make a change. .I quit cold turkey recommitted myself to looking at returning back to school and actually living life something I hadn't been doing for over a decade. I had to make sacrifices; I said goodbye to people I thought were friends over disagreements regarding sobriety. I had to do a deep personal inventory of myself and accept that moderation would not be for me. I had to re-learn how to love myself again. I had to learn how to be in social situations where alcohol was involved and not search for the closest exit. .These things all take time. I'm lucky; I've never relapsed and Cold turkey worked for me. Everyone's story/success/failure/life is different. Do you and I hope this (long) diatribe helped
I have been sober since 8/2/16 am now 26. I don't know where you live but if you can find young people aa meetings it's a great place to find friends. I live in Richmond va and there is a great crowd of young people in sobriety. I would never have seen myself staying sober without being able to connect to people my age. I also went through a treatment facility and got to know a bunch of people in their 50s and 60s that were just getting sober. And something that put it in perspective for me was seeing people that had been using for 30+ years talking about spending their entire lives using and drinking. Honestly that helped motivateme me because I would hear that and think I can't let that be me. I don't want to get to my 50s and think I spent night entire life doing nothing. Bottom line. Get sober grab life by the horns and go out and do stuff you never thought you would do 
It would have been impossible for me to quit in my 20s because of FOMO.  But now looking back besides the initial couple years when drinking was fun it's all just kind of a shitty blur of disappointments leading to my current status as a shattered fully grown man.  I tried so hard to enact various moderation plans for years and years and years.  There is NO DOUBT in my mind that I would be looking back on happier memories right now if I had quit when I was 24 instead of 3 months ago. 
