-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8clzfy/tough_week/

315 days sober today...I have been back in the states after traveling and trying to get sober abroad (I'm alive somehow)..I've been back here about a month and 3 days. I ended a very volatile/codependent 2 month relationship with a former boss of mine (which was really all digital since I had been traveling)...I have been hired and let go/quit at 3 jobs. The last job I stepped down as a demotion because I still live here. I manage a co-living house (I get free rent) and was part of the internal team for a bit but realized how toxic all of the employees were to one another and am trying to bite my tongue until I can get out of the situation...In the last week I took a knee to everything. Worked on my side hustle. Have tried to do everything in my power to stay sane. I've overloaded myself with projects and am trying to parse them out one by one and just get them done so I can be at peace. ..But all while this is going on in the background..I lost a newly made friend to suicide who I brought back into the rooms as she was in active relapse. I only knew her for about 2 weeks (in my coliving community) but the events leading up to it was just... ..She was where I was not a year ago. I looked for the roofs to jump off. When I heard she jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge I sighed. I had that exact thought a year ago. The only thing that intervened me walking there was that a friend showed up to the bar I was drinking at. ..I called my sponsor and another friend I brought into the rooms. ..I don't think I've fully processed everything. But today I submitted an invoice to get paid from my freelancing gig and it's the most money I've seen in a while (It's less than $1500) and I burst into tears...My friend who jumped was so broke I was buying her food and groceries the past week. Meanwhile I'm drowning in about $30000 credit card debt (I took the entire last year off to get sober and made some pretty stupid financial decisions. I hated my industry and could not focus to keep one client I tried to make over the last year)..I think my tears and this small ball of explosive emotions just.....changed the tide for me?..Like I was still clinging onto resentment for my ex meanwhile still in love with my ex before him. ..And I don't know. I think........for a split moment in time..I just let everything go...And I kind of forgot why I was so emotional..Everything's in the past... No need to hang on to anything. Get a good memorial for my friend I think I want to make a public gallery of her art somehow hopefully that's not disrespectful...But everything else.....who cares. ..Thank you sobriety --- for giving me the ability to handle my fucking emotions. To understand that crying is okay. To understand what crying even fucking is. ..You've given me the chance to live a full range of emotional life. The bad comes with so much good. It's just a matter of me "breaking the cycle" of the bad to get there. Usually it was with wine now it's with... meditation exercise writing art walks volunteer service and on occasion crying...Because there's other shit that can make you feel better...Thanks Reddit I process things so much clearer when I am truly anonymous and can really objectively review my week by posting here...IWNDWYT.........
----------immediate responses--------

I kinda realized crying brings me into the present moment. Once I just accepted I was going to cry and felt it throughout (I used to cry like twice daily in early sobriety now I am like once every 2 weeks)..... I stopped thinking just felt and now am clear headed more than ever before. ..So maybe this has something to do with flushing out some bad shit.... our bodies are weird
&gt; Get a good memorial for my friend I think I want to make a public gallery of her art somehow hopefully that's not disrespectful...I don't think so - I think it's lovely. ..Losing  a friend in recovery is the shittiest part of recovery. .It never gets easier. ..I'm glad you posted - it's powerful writing. 
Wishing you my best out there.  I [came across this](https://www.reddit.com/r/CPTSD/comments/86texl/gendlinstyle_focusing_explained_with_nonflowery/?st=JG239ENK&amp;sh=1eb5d239) the other day and I really like it you may be interested.  It's the first I've ever heard of Focusing.  .It sounds like you are deep in a transition with healing.. keep it up friend a big hug for you and IWNDWYT   .
  hugs to you  
