-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cmnv3/partys_over/

Hey all! I hope you're all doing well/not too shit today! It's my first time posting here but I've been subscribed for a few months now. I feel it's probably about time I posted something about my current situation.....I'm a new graduate currently working in a caf  and learning to drive. I have good friends family. Overall I should be happy but I'm kind of miserable. This unfortunately has led to the recurrence of a problem I've struggled great with before - alcohol...I could go into detail about all the factors that have influenced my drinking (working in bars alcoholic mother insomnia anxiety) but I'm sure a lot of you already know the deal and can relate. I could do the same for all the ways I've justified my current behaviour to myself (I'm too young to have a drinking problem I need it to sleep I have the money I don't day-drink I've never been arrested or hospitalised) but again it's probably wasted...Basically right now I have a drinking problem.     I've been drinking every night pretty much for the last five months. I've noticed I'm gaining weight my mental health is in the toilet I'm arguing a lot with my girlfriend I'm constantly hungover for work. It's not good...  With a lot of effort I recently made it five nights without drinking. Still last night I caved and got drunk alone again.....I want to cut down and control my drinking and I'm not sure I can navigate that alone right now. If that proves not to be possible then it's time to stop I guess...Thanks in advance for all your support and advice! Having read through the comments on a lot of posts you all seem like a great bunch! Good luck and you're stronger than you know! IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here!..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Glad you are here! I'm older guy and wish I would have quit a long time ago. My life would have been so much better. So I applaud you for recognizing your relationship with alcohol. ..One thing I will say .. moderation never worked for me. It's either all or none. ..Best to you today IWNDWYT.....Peace - G-Jam
I wish I had taken control of my drinking instead of jumping right in to whatever it was I thought I was getting out of turning into a drunk...I would have quit for a long period of 6 months to a year then tested the waters again by having a set limit of 3 drinks and never alone.  If I couldn't do that I'd know I have issues best left alone and stopped altogether for good.  ..I'm too far gone for that sort of thing now neural pathways are set cashing in my chips and salvaging what's left of my life.  Best wishes remember always be very deeply honest with self above all and you will find your way through.  .I will not drink with you today .
