-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cnqi4/a_great_book_for_those_struggling_to_quit/

Reading through so many posts I have wanted to recommend this book to everyone. So I decided to just make a post about it in case it can help even one person. I know I am still a newbie compared to many on here that have had a long stint of sobriety but I wanted to share regardless. I have read many of the alcohol-related books in my 15 years of heavy alcoholism and found a lot of help in many of them. But there is one book I have read that has helped me more than any others and it is not even geared toward alcoholics. I found out about this book because it was recommended by a random yoga instructor I follow on Instagram...I would like to recommend  The Untethered Soul  by Michael Singer...Upon quitting I really struggled with health anxiety sadness/regret over past actions and voices in my head telling me to drink (just one just this Friday only on weekends just for the ballgame etc). This book has essentially helped me realize that the voices in my head are NOT ME and how to overcome them. This book has helped me get out of my own head and stop allowing the negative thoughts to rule my life...I realize that probably sounds loopy (I was a little skeptical a few pages in as well) but it has been great. I cannot touch on all the things it had taught me so I just wanted to share a few things from different Amazon reviews I read (pasted below). I realize this all probably sounds like a sales pitch for the book LOL. I have just read so many posts about guilt and anxiety and fighting the voices so I hope this book can help at least one other person out there...If anyone else has read it I would love to hear your comments or critiques...Thanks!.. Most human beings are completely unaware that most of the thoughts in our mind are complete untrue. YET we believe them follow them become emotionally entangled in them allow them to change our mood allow them to change our behavior. .. Some of the points made in The Untethered Soul are:.1. Happiness can only be found within..2. The mind is not the place to look for happiness..3. Learn to relax and stay open no matter what..4. Identify yourself as the observer. Do not identify with the experiences you are observing..5. You are not the voices in your head. You are the listener..6. Facing the fact of bodily death can help you to realize that all of the observed is temporary..7. Do not allow painful experiences from the past to influence the present..8. Your thoughts are not you. You are the observer not the thoughts..9. If you want a life full of joy and love you must make a commitment to having a life full of joy and love..10. Learn how to live from your heart not from your ego..11. Take refuge in the Divine not in the temporary..12. Peace is always within..13. Learn to control your mind do not let the mind control you..14. It is possible to never have a problem in your life again. .
----------immediate responses--------

 Happiness can only be found within and it doesn't occur in my mind .. Drinking  me lived in my head.  My body was second mostly engaged in drinking actions - preparing drinking recovering......My heart came last...I had to reverse the order...I started to act with my body to  do  for others.  That moved me from my head and allowed my heart to grow with each action  for  somebody...As I increased emphasis on that my heart grew enough to take the lead the actions of my body were mostly about others and my  head and thinking  took last place...Never been happier!..
I placed a hold on the audiobook from my library after reading hits. Sounds good! I catch myself getting wound up and have to remember that thoughts and feelings are just that - not me or a definition of me. 
Just downloaded the Audiobook thank you!
