-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8co656/drinking_numbed_me_through_tough_times_but_now_i/

When I turned 40 I had a mom a dad and all three of the grandparents that I ever knew. When I turned 45 they were all dead: first my mom then her mom then my paternal grandmother then my paternal grandfather and finally - two weeks later - my dad. I used alcohol to numb the pain of loss but it's time to quit. It's been a year and half since dad passed and it's time. I'm not over the spontaneous daily tears stage but it's getting a little better. I have to think that maybe if I stop numbing myself maybe I'll be able to move through the grieving process and move on...My story probably differs from most in that I didn't start drinking until I was in my mid-30s. On rare occasion in my 20s like a couple times a year I would have a glass of wine socially. Never experienced a hangover until my late 30s and can still count the times I've "felt it" the next morning or thrown up from intoxication on one hand. Still haven't ever been black-out drunk. But my drinking has increased steadily to 5-6 shots of vodka a night - starting at 3:00pm in the afternoon. And it's time to get a grip on the situation before my health takes a serious hit. I have two teenagers who have also experienced all of that loss so I need to pull myself together so that I can be there for them...When I was halfway through my second pregnancy late 2005 my mom was diagnosed with cancer at age 54. She pursued every treatment in the book and managed to live another six years but the last three were hell and I wouldn't wish the last 18 months on my worst enemy. I joke that my kids drove me to the wine bottle but really it was watching my mom decline. So I started drinking about three glasses of wine a day regularly shortly after having my second kid. My consumption stayed at that level for maybe five years until I started to gain weight at which point I decided to switch to potato vodka which helped my maintain my weight better. I have always exercised and eaten super healthy. The switch to vodka did indeed help me get back to my ideal weight...So over the course of five and a half years I buried everyone who came before me. And mind you we were all very close. We lived within a mile of each other talked almost every day - they were very involved as grandparents and greats- with my kids. There was a lull of 14 months between my paternal grandmother's death and when my dad started going downhill in which I decided it was time to quit drinking. So I did. It was a little difficult because my husband is a high functioning alcoholic and he wasn't ready to quit then but I did it! I got off booze for around seven months. Then shit hit the fan with my dad and he started showing symptoms of non-alcoholic cirrhosis of the liver in February and died six months later. I was responsible for his end-of-life daily care during those months. It was the hardest thing I've ever done but having experienced so much death so recently and having learned a lot from those experiences I was able to arrange a "good death" for him at home at peace rather than in an institution. Mom's medicalized dragged-out dying process had scarred everyone around her so deeply that I did my best to avoid that for dad. Anyway the shock and subsequent depression of losing dad not to mention the stress of making end-of-life decisions for him as well as executing his estate (a process that still isn't done) drove me back to the bottle. At the time I joked that "I picked all the wrong time to quit drinking" and I picked it back up vodka again about a half dozen shots a night - and well as I said...now it's a year and a half later. I've gained 25 pounds in 18 months. Losing most of that weight is actually my primary motivation for quitting...A complicating factor is my husband's alcoholism. He's been a 3-4 sometimes up to 6 beers a day guy for over 25 years. When we travel he can put away most of a case of beer a day starting in the morning. He's never drunk-drunk just a steady relaxing intake. Recently he's starting to have health problems which probably stem from the drinking so he is also motivated to quit. He tried a few months ago but backslid - probably made easier because I was still drinking daily. But now we're both ready and motivated. Neither of us has had a drink since Friday...I'm looking for support and advice. I need suggestions about what to do in the evenings. I quit tobacco 17 years ago after smoking for 18 years and I remember that it helps to have a distraction or a plan of what to do instead of smoking or in this case drinking. I'm really struggling with what that might be. I'm usually exhausted by the end of the day without much energy to put toward an active activity but passive activities like watching TV or surfing the net don't distract me from wanting a drink. I'm also not sure whether I should take a "no booze ever again" approach or a "meet my weight goal then a drink or two socially would be ok" kind of thing. I wonder how the 'never-again' mindset has affected other people's success or failure? Are there some indications that I should probably not touch the stuff again or could I be ok with an occasional drink? How does one tell? And I wonder about how having an alcoholic partner has impacted other people's quitting process? And how long does it take for the initial impulse to drink every day to settle down - I guess it probably varies for everyone but I guess I'm looking for someone to say "yeah it does get easier usually after X amount of time."  ..Holy wall o' text this got long! Thanks if you've taken the time to read my backstory. Just writing it out has helped steady my resolve a bit today.
----------immediate responses--------

I never believed people when they said it gets easier..Then one day it did. But not in a conscious way but weeks had gone by without checking my badge. And then a month. Now the days roll in unnoticed and I don't crave drinking. :)
Well you certainly raise a lot of questions about drinking. I certainly never had the foresight that you're showing about the ups/downs of drinking. For me even though it was gradual a drinking problem seemed to catch me blindsided. So I never really asked these questions when it still seemed a matter of "choice."..Some people find it helpful to go on a hiatus. It's an age-old suggestion. Often a break can reveal a lot about what one's relationship with alcohol is like. You might find a change in your grieving in your health and your hobbies/interests. Call it an experiment if you will...The nice thing about a hiatus is it isn't "never again" thinking. It's not asking you to made dramatic life choices with so many questions in mind. I myself didn't start out in the "never again" camp; "never again" came later...I wish I could just tell you the answer to a lot of your questions but everyone's story is tailor-fit to their own life and experience. It can be a process but I think so long as someone approaches the situation with honesty open-mindedness and some willingness to learn there's no question that won't be answered in time...Wishing you well on your journey! IWNDWYT!
Your story resonates with me.  I didn't start drinking until around 30.  My mom and dad died two months apart my sister 4 years later all my grandparents are dead.  I'm sorry for your pain.  All I can say is that I have found strength in sobriety to deal with the pain that is better for me than numbing my emotions with alcohol.  I wish you the very best.
It takes about 10 days for alcohol to leave the system and for a few days longer than that I was constantly non-stop thinking about drinking.  I didn't want to think about it it just followed me around.  ..So I distracted myself as much as possible switching activities to change the scenery so to speak vowed that no matter what **I would not drink** and got through those couple weeks one day at a time.  ..Then yes suddenly it got easier to say no.  And I began to lose the stress I had been carrying and I made a routine and stuck to it and I watched my mood swing around and tried to make sure it didn't hurt other people and like a newborn colt I was all wobbly figuring out daily life without booze in it.  ..It's refreshing not to live under the negative influence of booze anymore so it really is worth the relatively short discomfort of quitting.  I'm so sorry to hear about your family... this is a really good choice here to take your life back into your own hands instead of giving it to the bottle.  You'll thank yourself later   .I will gladly not drink with you today 
I also lost a mind-numbing amount of people in a short amount of time and chose to ignore it with alcohol. At first it wasn't a ton and I carefully managed my intake. Then my spouse spitefully came home with a case of whiskey and I just went nuts.  Now I'm back to day 1...One thing I have for you is that it's harder to quit when your partner isn't supportive no matter what that situation looks like. When I had two months sober one partner did the  are you sure you have a problem?  and it was downhill from there. The other mentioned above knew I thought I was drinking too much and was just a jerk about it to prove a point. The second one didn't drink at all the last few months to  show solidarity  but treated me like a leper if I did drink. I guess what I'm trying to show here is that whether they drink or not their level of support is key. If you think your partner's drinking increases your own or vice versa I think it's something you both need to discuss and figure out what works for you both to succeed...Good luck to you. IWNDWYT.
