-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cpa9p/my_head_is_a_squirrel_cage_today/

... and I just need to get some things out there into the aether...Been struggling a lot with restlessness lately. Sleeping fine but when I'm awake I've just been edgy. Can't seem to focus myself well. It's only going to get more intense tonight as I've got one cigarette left and I don't want to brave the weather to get more...Minor health scare this morning. Probably nothing serious but it's the same problem I had years ago while drinking. So there was a flashback. I'll get with my doctor if it persists...I'm struggling with isolation. Isolation isn't solely by choice but it's one of my big triggers and I realize I haven't been communicating or interacting with others as I should be. Avoiding calls skipping church etc...Feeling gratitude though that bigger than the fear or temptation of taking a drink I'm worried the weather will keep me from an A.A. meeting. Getting to a meeting should stop me from making claw marks on my walls. ..Grateful that I don't need to drink today. Climb into the middle of my recovery boat and I won't fall of the edge when the waves hit.
----------immediate responses--------

I hear ya buddy!..The weather here in Ireland is absolutely minging too 'tis raining sideways and blowing a gale and I'm cooped up indoors feeling much the same... Roll on summertime eh!..IWNDWYT ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I know the feeling. Are you too restless to read a book or write a letter or a journal? For me those things sometimes can help if I'm feeling isolated--I feel like I'm making some kind of active connection. I wish you strength and the ability to get to the meeting or whatever you need.
Do you think you could return some calls you have missed or even write a text...it may help ... An on line AA meeting maybe another option if you cant get to one ....?? ring your sponsor or a close friend and vent for a while... 
Hang in there. ..IWNDWYT 
God damned squirrels!..If you can't get to a meeting try one online or even a dial in (fyi there may be a small fee for the line I used to use an Intergroup conference number when I was calling in from my place of employment during lunch hours). Ever been to our IRC? Check it out - the link is in the sidebar on the right...Keep rowing that recovery boat. You're aware you're *doing something* about it you're sober. You got this ;).
