-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cq65n/my_uncle_died_this_morning_after_a_relapse_a_few/

He had struggled with addiction on and off for most of his life but had been sober the last couple years. He relapsed after his wife left him a few months ago. A family friend found him incoherent in his basement after not answering the phone for a few days. He spent last week in intensive care but in the end the ammonia in his body was too high and the damage to his brain was done.  .   The official cause of death was Hepatic Encephalopathy due to alcohol...  This is a wake up call for me. I've always felt that my drinking wasn't that bad. Im a happy drunk just like my uncle was. I don't black out or get angry I don't do stupid shit no fights no driving etc... but with each passing year my consumption goes up not down. My weight goes up not down. I need to do this for my health.. RIP uncle B. I will not drink with you today.   . 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry about your uncle. Sincere condolences x
Im  very sorry to hear of your loss... IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry. I am only five years younger and I am not drinking today in his honor.
I'm sorry about the loss of your uncle. I hope you will follow through with the decision to stop. I couldn't do it however without lots of help. AA helped saved my life. 
That is sad my condolences to you and your family. Welcome to the community stay a while. Lots of good people and support here as you embark on your own journey. I am sure your Uncle is proud of you!
I'm sorry my condolences to you and your family.
Sorry to hear about your loss best wishes to you and your family x
I'm so sorry for your loss. This is a wake up call for sure...My Dad died at only 57 also. He was an alcoholic and this disease stemmed all through his paternal line. Uncles cousins etc.. all shared this disease with us. Although he had a triple bypass and end stage renal failure at the end - it was a staph infection; and all the alcohol did was contribute to his untimely death...I'm sure Uncle B is proud of you for coming here and reaching out - you're in good hands my dear CRK ;).
Sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT!
&gt;I've always felt that my drinking wasn't that bad. Im a happy drunk just like my uncle was. I don't black out or get angry I don't do stupid shit no fights no driving etc... but with each passing year my consumption goes up not down. My weight goes up not down...Me exactly. Well I do some stupid shit but nothing excessive. IWNDWYT.
I'm so sorry! IWNDWYT!
Thanks for sharing
RIP  .  .It's good to have you here
I'm really sorry for your loss. I won't drink with you today. 
Sorry for your loss. Thank you for sharing here. It is sobering and helps us all.     ..IWNDWYT 
So sorry for your loss. What an amazing way to honor his memory by being sober. 
Sorry for your loss IWNDWYT.
Sorry for your loss.  I bet your uncle would be happy to know that in his passing at least you were motivated to fight the addiction.  It's tough but you can do it.  We're here for you.  There's [badges](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) in the sidebar and lots of other good info too ----&gt;  ..Welcome.
I'm sorry for your loss Iwndwyt
I'm so sorry for your loss.. I watched my uncle pass in the hospital two years ago the same way..   drank himself to death.. the ammonia killed his brain.. he bled from everywhere. My dad (his older brother) looks to be heading down the same path... we tried an intervention but he doesn't feel he has a problem.. this post gave me more fight.. I'm going to get him to stop drinking.. whatever it takes..
R.I.P. Sorry for your loss IWNDWYT.
Rip Uncle B.  I'm so sorry for your loss crk.  Sending cyber hugs {{}}. I'm 55 and 57 is way too young to die.  I'm glad you are taking this opportunity to get healthy.  IWNDWYT
And this will happen to me if I drink I choice life. Having  fun  or the taste isn't worth my life. 
Condolences to you and your family but congratulations on the decision not to drink today. I'm here with you second day sober and taking it one day at a time. 
I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm not drinking with you today. 
I am sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT.
I am so sorry for your loss. It's especially heartbreaking when alcohol takes those who were just happy drunks. Many do not realize what alcohol does to the body until it is too late. I will not drink with you today. 
Wow.  I am so sorry for your loss.  That's one hell of a wake up call though.  Take care of yourself and post here often.  It's a great community.  I will not drink with you today.
I'm so sorry
Sorry that is sad to hear. This just proves how evil this addiction is. It kills! .I hope you find the support and help you need. This place SD feels safe and helpful. We all deserve to live a long and healthy life. No more poisoning ourselves with alcohol. Thanks for sharing the reality of this addiction. 57 is still young. We can do this one moment at a time. You did great posting shows how strong you are. Best wishes to you. No drinking for me today.
Sorry for your loss. Definitely a wake up call. Alcohol isn't something to be taken lightly. My father died from liver complications. He was much older at 80 but ultimately the alcohol killed him. ..If we're not careful any of our lives could end the same. I wont drink with you today! 
