-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ctg12/my_friend_relapsed/

I hope it's okay to post this here. I'm so upset right now and I don't know what to do or how.to help...Backstory: .My husband and I are close friends with another couple; we both grew up with them. The husband of that couple has been trying to get sober for a few years now. We celebrated his full year of sobriety a month ago...The Issue:.This past week he had a relapse. He's been binging since last Wednesday. He called us today; his wife kicked him out until he gets sober and he needed a place to stay. We took him in with the stipulation he would not drink in our home...He showed up here wasted. He tried to manipulate us into letting him drink more. We told him he's an adult but to stay here he needs to not drink. We offered to pour out his alcohol for him. He and my husband went out to pick up dinner and he immediately went to his car and chugged hidden vodka. He's still here more wasted than ever...Yes he disrespected us and our house and that makes me mad. However why I'm really upset and why I'm writing is because of what he is doing to his wife. She's pregnant and they have a toddler together. I called her to check in and she's in tears trying to take care of their child after working all day. Her mother had to come over to help. ..And he has no remorse! He's treating this like a vacation from his real life like it's some sort of game! He's here absolutely obliterated eating a burrito and watching Netflix! He thinks his wife is being unreasonable not letting him back home and that it's her fault that he's binging because he's "already in trouble." He isn't drinking at this very moment but he won't tell us where his vodka is and we can't find it...I'm disgusted and disappointed and so angry! I have no idea what to do. I've been a long time lurker of this sub because of this very friend. I love the support here and find it so inspiring. I've actually asked this very friend to subscribe to this sub! I hope it was okay to share this story here and I'm grateful for any words of wisdom...TL;DR: .My friend relapsed is showing no remorse is currently wasted in my house and I don't know what to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes when we read posts like this we think that the community guidelines to "speak from the 'I'" fly out of the window. They do not. All replies giving direct advice will be removed.
I think you should crosspost in r/alanon..AlAnon is an organization that supports families and friends of alcoholics. 
Did he have a sponsor or anyone in the recovery community that could come talk to him?..Granted there is no talking when a man is wasted but better them than you...I would suggest supporting his wife. Either he gets sober or does not. 
Damn that's a really tough situation. I'm sorry your/his family is going through this...I benefited the most from the people who cared for me but were willing to let me go. Looking back out of all the terrible shit I did while blasted the pain I caused those specific people is what makes me the most sad. Tearing up just thinking about it...The Al Anon suggestion is great. They might have a local chapter you could contact for these types of situations too. Here's their searchable [chapter database](https://al-anon.org/al-anon-meetings/find-an-al-anon-meeting/) if that helps at all.
I have done exactly this.  I appeared to not care but I was in the grip of addiction.  In for a penny in for a pound.  I was in trouble do it really didn't .matter.  Giving out to me didn't help.  I needed to get back to normal and rebuild. Try and be patient.  Being kicked out didn't help me it made me worse.  My behavior was terrible but i ignorned in order to cope.  Be patient and help give your friend a way out and a way back to sobriety don't threaten but encourage .  Some realistic deadlines to get sober will help. I was not a bad person it was the addiction that did this to me.  I did make the initial mistake but once in deep it was really hard to get out. When things hit rock bottom I find it hard not to just say fuck it and keep going but that is the alcohol.  I don't know if this helps?? 
There will be a time for anger but it might not be now. In the height of a bender my thoughts were off the wall. In my mind I didn't care but the reality was I was too out of it to comprehend care. When I look back now I cringe.  I don't know your friend but I am sure he will feel huge remorse when he comes around in the cold light of day.  ..I am not making excuses there is a phrase I took a drink and then a drink took me.  I was wrong for taking that first drink but after that I wasn't in control.  It is horrible but it is an illness. I am painfully aware of the hurt I caused but I am a reliable person when I don't drink. On the face of it it is selfish to the core but if you read here most people don't like drinking and feel terrible shame and remorse which is different from somebody who does selfish acts without any consideration for others in their full senses . Only people with the problem really understand it.  ..I am not defending anything here I am just trying to give a rare insight from the other side.  I hope this helps and sorry to hear of yet another horrible alcohol story.
