-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cveny/long_time_lurker_first_time_poster/

Hi everyone.  I've been lurking here for some time and I commend all of you on how brave and strong you all are!  I went two weeks without drinking but I slipped up last night :( How do you all cope with a relapse?  Any advice?
----------immediate responses--------

I just picked myself up and moved forward - that is when I was trying when I wasn't I went right back down the rabbit hole of drinking for weeks on end. I didn't have this place or these people for support then though. SD really helps me! Of course my advice to you would be do just get back up on the horse and start again. Weeks in the rabbit hole turn into months which turn into years...true story. 
Today is a new day!..Dust yourself off and hop straight back in the saddle.....Every slip-up is an invitation to reflect on what went wrong and what you might *do* differently when the same circumstances crop up the next time around.... (It's like a video game where you might have to repeat a level a few times before you get the hang of it and move on to the next bit...)..If you can write it all down while it's fresh in your mind to read back to yourself further down the line so much the better!..I won't drink with you today..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hey - Welcome. I am new here too and currently on day 6! I have had my share of "slips" but I don't call them relapses or anything. I just start day 1 and go from there. It is all part of the "process" ... Best thing is you learn from it.... WHAT can you do differently next time you crave a drink&gt;&gt;&gt; IWNDWYT !!
Get right back to it. It's a learning experience so reflect on why it happened and how it made you feel. It took me over a year to convince myself I'm better without alcohol. 
Learn from each badge reset.  Most of us have had badge resets as we feel this out.  Rarely some people just stop.  I think often that those folks were possibly farther down the hole.  For me two years ago I decided it is stupid to get a fat wine gut and waste a ton of money.  I'm like what am I doing?  So I wasn't on the edge before I quit.  I guess you'd call it a high bottom.  I found reading and posting a lot helped.  IWNDWYT
This whole thing is a process - one foot in front of the other. You don't have to take big steps just keep moving forward and understand you'll slip up sometimes. Just get back to the business of not drinking and continue to develop awareness of any triggers you might have. Good luck! IWNDWYT ... that is a massive acronym.  
