-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cw94h/let_my_guard_down_and_relapsed_this_weekend/

I got shitfaced Sunday night. I was feeling good that I had gone to a party on Friday and didn't drink and I let my guard down. Went to a bar with friends and had a couple drinks. I told myself that I could control my intake because my friends were around and I didn't want them to see me getting drunk. I did control myself at that bar but then on the way home I found myself going to a different bar alone. I don't even remember leaving that one. I woke up in bed with the lights on fully clothed late to work feeling like shit mentally and physically a half-eaten bag of chips scattered across the floor and mattress and unable to find my keys. ..I'm trying to view this as a wake up call and a learning experience but it's hard. I don't feel like I'm back to page one though. My determination to not drink this week is even stronger after fucking up so badly..I think I mainly wrote this post as something that I can read again next time I start thinking that I can control myself. So future self remember that Monday morning and what you felt like and then remember that party on Friday when you didn't drink and how good it felt to wake up refreshed after a fun night with good friends and good music! ..r/stopdrinking IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear this happened but don't beat yourself up.  I would HIGHLY recommend staying away from bars for at least 6 months - year. Let yourself get stronger in your sobriety before you put yourself in vulnerable situations. It's great that this is a one-time slip for you - you got this though! Just pick up where you left off.
Our inner addict is sneaky.  This is a textbook example of why "sober people / sober places" is so important in early sobriety.....now you know...  welcome back.
Well don't leave me hanging. Where did you find your keys?  The door?..IWNDWYT 
That stinks. Sorry to hear and glad your back. 
I had a friend who was trapped in his apartment for 3 days because he couldn't find his keys therefore couldn't leave.  He finally found them on the other side of the front door  
