-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cy4pl/how_do_you_stop/

I'm at the stage now where I know I want to quit.  I'm afraid of AA  bad memories from my mother. I need to quit  it's a daily struggle.  Does anyone know of another way?  I'm considering hypnosis 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..I've never been to AA myself it's an option but it's far from the *only* option.....My first step was to speak to my doctor honestly and openly about my drinking as I needed medication to manage the Withdrawal Symptoms - having the support of a doctor was a great start!..Reading and posting regularly on this sub was a game-changer for me... there are some useful resources in the sidebar that you could start exploring......I had several previous half-arsed attempts to stop all on my own and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped... ..It's been a winning combination so far!..If you think face-to-face support would also be helpful you could look into a program like SMART Recovery as an alternative to AA - I've not tried it myself but I've heard good things and they also have a website with some useful information you could explore.....Hope that gives you a few ideas to get started!..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
I needed AA.  It gave me a safe place to go some tools and people who could relate to me - and I to them.  ..That said there are alternatives now. Though in truth AA is the biggest and most prevalent.  Look up Smart find a substance abuse counselor join Hari Krishna  whatever you need... Hypnosis did not work for me for smoking - so there is that... 
AA is not the only option.  That being said you should at least give it a shot.  AA has changed significantly over the years and each meeting has its own vibe...Smart Recovery is a good option for many people...Seeing a doctor is a great idea medications can really help with the cravings.  And if you drank enough for long enough you'll likely have withdrawals which should be handled under medical supervision.
I find SD a great help.I journalread and research (This Naked Mind was very helpful)I talk to my wife alot and also have my children (adults) as a support groupI used distraction moviesgames and so on when I had urges ( pretty much gone now)I have had previous experience with this and I use the success/failure of that .I try to use all these tools but I dont rule anything else out if I need it.That's all I can think of off the top of my head.Good luck.
SMART Recovery Refuge Recovery LifeRing Rational Recovery are all good options! 
For me I just had to be ready.  I came close a few times but when I was finally ready I was able to do it.  Now it helps immensely that I have a supportive spouse who quit the same day as me.  I have no idea how I'd be doing today if that wasn't the case.  And it hasn't been smooth sailing.  I caved a couple weeks into a round of trying to quit hated myself for it and felt terrible physically and mentally.  But here I am at 73 days and I'm doing it by taking it LITERALLY one day (or even hour) at a time.  ..I have not done AA nor do I plan to.  But Reddit man alive this place has done WONDERS for me.  Just coming here to freak out get something off my chest or even just to give myself something to do to distract from drinking.  This place has no kidding saved me.
