-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8cy80x/10_days_without_a_drink_and_17_without_drugs/

Greetings! 36/m from Tacoma USA here. I am in recovery from some pretty bad drugs. I made the choice to get off illegal drugs a couple years ago but since then have relapsed several times. It has occured to me that one of the biggest problems with my recovery was that I was still drinking. It was like a sacred cows I never questioned. "Who cares if I have a bottle of wine almost every day?" I thought "At least I'm not smoking $100 of heroin in one sitting."..But alcohol became a substitute another addictive coping strategy and it also lowered the barriers to relapsing on hard drugs...Today will be my 10th day without a drink which may be the longest I've gone since I began to drink in the first place more than 15 years ago. I feel good and healthy but my life is kind of a mess from all the stuff I fucked up whilst using...I'm also super worried about my relationship. I live with my partner of three years and I've hurt her pretty badly. It's hard to live with. For her my relapses were almost like cheating on her. She says it felt like that. And right now I feel like I need breaks and the benefit of the doubt but I'm not getting anyway. She says she feels unsupported and applies pressure for me to do more for her (I already do a lot IMO) and it's that pressure which led to me using or drinking a lot in the past. It's pretty hard to explain the dynamic but it kind of sucks to be me right now and my girl would probably say the same thing about herself even though we are actually pretty dang blessed.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang on to your blessings. You've gone ten days already there's one. The things that are damaged may yet be fixed sounds like sobriety is just one way you can go about reconciling. I really like that we call this "recovery" because in more ways than one that's what we're about...I'm also what they call "cross-addicted." If it's a substance that shut the world out for me I took it. But thankfully the solution to coping without the substances is pretty much the same each day brings a daily reprieve when I don't use...I will not drink with you today.
Maybe it would be easier for her to understand and have more empathy if she checked out Alanon or got the Smart Recovery handbook for family and friends.  It takes time to repair relationships.  It's almost like a whole new world.  I can empathize with her also because it really is true that drinking and drugs did in fact take a priority over people for most people who get addicted to something.  If you read the stories in the sidebar under Saturday Shares you will find many people who's relationships survived the tough times and came to be even stronger and better because of it.  Sending you cyber hugs  {{}} and cheering for you.  IWNDWYT
Cool! Sober 10 days and 17 w/o drugs. Not a big advice giver......BUT hey it's the innernet. My advice your partner needs to know what's what... I mean she NEEDS to give you the break BECAUSE YOU ARE TRYING. The past is the past! .... Today is real. I hope you can speak with her about it. Otherwise you need space to get well. Heavy trips are not gonna help you get sober for good. HOPE this helps! You are on the right track! IWNDWYT
