-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8czgnq/well_my_mom_was_right/

Throughout my teens and early twenties my mom would always tell me to be careful with drinking because alcoholism runs heavily on both sides of my family. I always told her I understood and I was smart about my usage. I wouldn't say I was lying to her I just think I let it get away from me. But I'm 25 now and I drink nearly everyday. Sometimes only one or two drinks. Sometimes a lot more. The amount of work I have missed since I started drinking so frequently is quite frankly embarrassing. The amount of canceled plans with my girlfriend her family or my family due to being too hungover to even stand up is shameful and extremely rude. I'm not even going to get into some (okay tons) of the dumb shit I've done while out and actually partying with other people. I'm getting fat I'm going broke and I'm destroying my body and mind...It's crazy I don't even want to drink half the time anymore. Like I'm fighting with myself because I know I can't keep doing this. I pretty much always lose that fight though. And so I drink and lo and behold I'm not even having fun I'm just tired bloated and not even enjoying the show I'm watching or game I'm playing. It's lost its appeal entirely that is until I'm sober again and it's like I suddenly forget how much I am not enjoying myself when I'm drinking. So off to the liquor store I go. some of the best nights I've had recently are when I can manage to stay sober. Not to mention motivation to do something the next day. I'm a more attentive boyfriend when I'm sober I get immersed in my games or shows I can stay up later and I sleep way better. I also show up for work which is always a nice little bonus. ..I'm rambling a bit here but honestly I've never admitted any of this stuff to myself before. It actually feels pretty good to admit to it. I clearly have a problem I am dependent on alcohol. My mom was right. I wasn't careful and I developed an addiction. Starting today I will not drink I know it's going to be hard but I need to get it done. I need to do it for myself my girlfriend and my family. I have only told my girlfriend I think I have a problem. Struggling with the idea of telling my family I know it could help but I don't want them worrying either. Anyway some advice would be very much appreciated. I'm new to this. Now I just have to get my hungover ass off the couch without throwing up. I told my girl I'd clean the house today.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..Your story sounds very familiar I've heard variations on it time and time again here which means you're not alone in what you're experiencing!..Mums usually know best but that doesn't mean we always listen hehe.....Genetics loads the gun and environment/exposure to the addictive substance pulls the trigger as the saying goes... it's all too common.....My first step was to speak to my doctor honestly and openly about my drinking as I needed medication to manage the Withdrawal Symptoms - having the support of a doctor was a great start!..Reading and posting regularly on this sub was a game-changer for me... there are some useful resources in the sidebar that you could start exploring......I had several previous half-arsed attempts to stop all on my own and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' by Annie Grace and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' by William Porter really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped... ..It's been a winning combination so far!..Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
You're second paragraph is like I'm reading about myself!!! Yet here I am 201 days sober. It's worth the effort. And it gets easier. I've lost a ton of weight feel happier and productive. Good kind of tired. This SD had been instrumental to my keeping on track. Even reading your post is a great reminder of what I dont miss. So read here lots post if you need help or feel proud of an accomplishment. The people here get you and will always have your back hard to imagine that a bunch of internet strangers can help but it's true!!! .I will not drink with you today buddy!!! 
My mom was right too (and my wife) and I didn't listen until 2 days ago. I'm wrapping up my day 2 (evening here) and just wanted to say IWNDWYT 
