-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d1c8v/trying_to_help_a_friend/

I hope it is OK that I posted here. I do go to Al-Anon and therapy. ..My friend has been living with us since September. He had a prolonged period of sobriety but then had some relapses off and on but seemed unable to pull himself back together after the last one in February. We try to be supportive but there's only so much we can do and there are small children involved also...Anyway a few days ago he left to presumably go off on a bender. My spouse and I are discussing do we try to find him? Ask him to come back? Try to convince him to come back? Etc etc..Just wondering from your perspective if any of this even matters in his mind. I just feel stunned and upset that this is how it's going to end.
----------immediate responses--------

Alcohol is a crappy beast. He is going to do what he is going to do. If you have small children around he maybe needs to go. I had to come to the oneness on my own no one could say anything to me about it including the people I love the most in this world. Good luck to you you are an amazing friend but don't forget this is his problem don't take on too much - you have to take care of yourself as well!
Trying to put myself in his shoes would it matter if anyone came looking for me? Might but would it be enough to steer me back on the right path? There wouldn't be any guarantee of that if I were drinking. I've basically told my closest loved ones to "@#$% off" when their support came with stipulations about my drinking...Alcoholics are erratic. You probably know all the cliches from Al-Anon--you didn't cause it you can't cure it you can't control it--and that's a good place to be. Don't lose sight of your serenity. Your peace of mind is valuable; so is your empathy.
I had a friend like that once.  When we tried to help it was too much for him and he left and has never contacted any of us since.  Apparently he wasn't ready to change and didn't like our helpful interference.  His solution was to depart.  Maybe he will return one day seeking our help.  I hope so.
Hi there.  I remember you from a couple months back.. I'm so sorry things didn't work out for your friend.  You've done your best already I hope you know that.  And.. we say here that alcohol is mysterious cunning and baffling.  We don't understand all the things we do under the influence either.  It changes people.. our perceptions behaviours.. it's not pretty.  There are a lot of us here getting out of the addiction and it's a difficult path it's not easy to let it go.  Even knowing how harmful it is to ourselves and others.  .Best wishes to your family take care of you guys first.   
Set clear consequences for the person if they cant prioritize their sobriety and then stick with them. Its the most loving thing you can do to an addict.
Ugh I hope so too. 
Do you all think I should anticipate that he isn't coming back? Should I pack up his room/things?
He ended up being gone two weeks went to detox came back has been emailing with his therapist and he's going to go back to her. He is so angry with himself with everything really grouchy. He lost an awesome job once in a lifetime executive opportunity...I have zero clue how to support him right now. Talking to him is just super tough he's just processing I guess. I'm having a hard time acting normal.
