-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d2kgo/my_friends_are_poisonous_but_i_still_love_them/

All of my text messages have been about drinking or doing drugs for the past year. It's insane that there are so few other things I have going on. I don't want to leave them behind and I know they will be supportive of my decision not to drink(ever again) but I am worried the environments are not the best. Can I really watch a baseball game and drink NA beer? I haven't seen a single NHL play off game fearing it would trigger past habits...They don't insult or pressure me to go out now they think I'm just on a bit of a break something I have done before...And to be fair. It probably started that way until I got a call from a recent ex. A bit on how it ended - She broke up with me because I was still getting tanked on Friday nights (toned back from 6 days a week). We never got the chance to discuss all the reasons the relationship ended but I know alcohol and drugs were part / if not all. But 4 days into my sobriety she called me...drunk..close to midnight and she kept asking me if I wanted my things back. As if talking to her wasn't hard enough knowing she was drunk made it the most difficult conversation I have had with her. After agreeing to return each other's things she ended the conversation by revealing that she cheated on me. I'm not sure if she remembers the conversation but now I am filled with so much anger and I am having a hard time letting go. I relapsed later that week and my new sober date became April 7...This is a time when I would have easily been found at the bar drinking into a stupor but I think I really need to feel this pain right now. I miss my friends... I miss the bar. But I am so glad I'm not waking up hung over or going to sleep with thoughts of killing myself and all drugged up. ..I have missed two days of meetings but am still rocking 10 for 10 going to both AA and NA. I don't feel like I'm going in at rock bottom but I know I am still powerless to alcohol...Anyways. I'm ranting. Or practising sharing.....but I want to let you all know that I will not drink with you today and I am glad you are all here..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I find that coming here on a daily basis and sharing/supporting others is key to my sobriety. I'm sorry about your breakup and the way your ex called you drunk and told you that. It's heartbreaking I know. But you're so strong for facing this sober! It sucks when you're in the thick of it but future you will be very happy that you've faced this head on and felt your feelings. It really will make a difference in the long run. Thank you for being here. IWNDWYT. 
Thanks for sharing! I don't have much advice on the break-up sorry to hear about that. But as far as the friends thing goes..I'm in your same situation right now and honestly think you have to let some of those relationships go. Not let them go forever where you can't talk to them or see them every now and then but if you surround yourself with the same people it's just gonna trigger the same old habits and cause too much temptation. I notice that I drink noticeably more/faster with certain friends because that's how we've always drank together. It's impossible to moderate or stay sober around your old drinking buddies who are still hitting it hard...I'm honestly trying to move to a different city soon to start fresh where there won't be as much temptation/peer pressure around me. It sucks having to turn down invites from your old friends all the time especially when you don't have too many other social options.
You need to avoid situations that are dangerous to your sobriety for however long it takes. Keep away from hockey games with friends until you are sure you can do it sober. Compared to the rest of your life passing up on these social situations now is a very small price to pay. You could tell your friends what you are doing - good friends might support you by meeting you for a coffee instead! Also know that in the early stages of quitting it is likely your emotions are very up and down the highs should level out as should the lows. Be prepared to ride it out for now knowing things will improve.. .Get a friend to collect your stuff/deliver hers. Her admission of infidelity seems only designed to hurt you which it did but she was drunk and probably hurt - these things happen. You don't need to discuss why you broke up but if it matters to you you could always write a note explaining whatever. I would make it clear that you need to prioritise staying sober for the time being. Good luck!
