-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8d75cx/day_two_after_about_1000_relapses_this_freakin/

hey so I'm on day two of being dry and I'm not sure I got this. I know the whole HALT thing and everything but for some reason its not working. I'm so full of anxiety depression and anger and I know if I drink it will all go away. I really need some help guys I'm losing my mind over here and its starting to scare me a little bit. I just want this all to stop.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi! At two days almost all of that anxiety is withdrawal related. Drinking again will just start the withdrawal cycle all over again. I hope you hang in there! Have you eaten enough? Had enough water? 
My withdrawals came with HUGE anxiety.  Everything is wrong everyone hates me the world is crashing down I'm suicidal I'm mad at everyone and everything for no reason... and it's biological.  It does stop. ..Drinking will make it better right now.  It'll also make next time that much worse and restart the cycle.  It's shortterm relief for longterm loss and even more suffering...HALT is great but it doesn't always work.  Sometimes you just have to tough it out and that really sucks.  Some other things to try: go for a walk - an angry walk even!  Hot showers.  Very rough workouts.  Anything to get yourself out of your head for a few hours.  There's also chat in the sidebar: https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking.  Sometimes talking there helps me get my head on straight...At day 2 you're close to being out of it.  You can do this.  Can we think of 3 things you can try before drinking?
You just need to get over the first week and I think you will see your anxiety subside.  I know it's hard to break the cycle but that's what you need to do. It will get better and I wish you all the best good luck :)  IWNDWYT 
How about you go ALL IN - one day at a time or one hour at a time whatever you need right now.  "I'm not sure I got this" is common and it persists for a long time so narrowing your judgement to one hour the next hour just for today will take all that anxiety down.  Don't look too far ahead just today or to dinner time then to bedtime.  Stringing the segments together will show you how you CAN do this by sitting with the discomfort and at the same time building the resistance muscle.  If you want it to stop push through the pain with strength and amaze yourself that your on a new path. You got this. 
