-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dgjp2/where_do_i_begin/

I'm 27 and have struggled with this problem for 6 years. I was in an abusive relationship and turned to alcohol to cope. Now that I'm free of that relationship I am not yet free of alcoholism. I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression and I took lexapro for a while but didn't like it. I know I use alcohol to manage the symptoms. In the morning I tell myself I won't drink and many times I don't even want to- but I still do. When I'm busy I don't think of it but when I'm bored I just can't stop myself. I use it to fall asleep. I'm anxious if it's not around...I'm sure this has been asked many times before. Where the f* do I start to get out of this?
----------immediate responses--------

I could have wrote this very thing almost word for word 6 months ago...Heres a few things that I did...1) Got back on my anxiety meds. Talk to your dr. Lexapro isnt the only option. Talk about what you didnt like about it and they can help you try something else...2) Take meds as prescribed..3) Make a sobriety plan- I did the same thing. Every morning swearing I wouldnt drink only to find myself back at the liquor store in the evening. A big hurdle for me was making sure I didnt go to the liquor store. So one night instead of going to buy beer I bought a frozen pizza and ice cream. I went home and watched netflix. White knuckled it and went to bed early. Slept like shit and sweated all night long- but I did it...That was my day 1- I made it a success. I just sort of kept repeating that for awhile- made it through my withdrawal symptoms and just kept stacking on days. Anxiety will decrease. Sleep will get better. I promise it...4) Pick up hobbies.5) Meditate..Those things all worked for me. Maybe give a few a shot and see what works for you. Start small and go from there
Welcome aboard!..Your story is our story and you're not alone......My first step was to speak to my doctor and was open and honest about my drinking and desire to stop... I needed medication to manage the Withdrawal symptoms but your mileage may vary.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped... ..Reading and posting regularly on this sub was a game-changer for me... there are some useful resources in the sidebar that you could start exploring......I had several previous half-arsed attempts to stop all on my own and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it.....I also tried and failed to moderate like many of us here and that simply didn't work.....[Grab yourself a Badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) and get stuck in! There's no time like the present for getting started.....I've also found since stopping that my anxiety and depression have improved as well as my sleep... the drug alcohol can exacerbate and even *cause* anxiety and depression and ruins sleep if even at the time it *feels* like it's helping.... that's something to look forward to anyway!..Hope that helps!..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;.
I self medicated for way too many years for anxiety and sleeping.  What mostly worked for me was to get myself out of my routine and get myself too busy to think about drinking.  I started volunteering at a few places in the evening and started reading a gardening again.  I started going to Celebrate Recovery joined here and followed Belle on Tired of Thinking About Drinking.  There are many resources out there to try out for support.  Try them all until you find the ones that resonate the best with you.  These three were a perfect combination for me.  I also started treating myself with all the money I was saving.  Self care is very important!  Stick around.  Maybe join a group chat here.  Hopefully some of these suggestions will work for you :)   The beginning SUCKS but it DOES get better!  SO much better :)
