-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dhyp6/day_12_challenge_anniversary_date_with_partner/

It's been a shitty few weeks...drug relapse and subsequent job loss being the notable worst parts. The only saving graces are that I a got a new job (although it's a big pay cut and long commute) and that this finally prompted me to start treatment (intensive outpatient) when I had been avoiding in the first couple years of my efforts to get clean...As part of all this I have elected to quit drinking. I'm seeing now it was an unhealthy coping mechanism and contributed to my relapse even though I never considered it a drug of choice...So I'm 19 days off hard drugs and 12 days sober today. Tonight I have my third anniversary date with my partner who I live with (she's belasically like a wife) who I have put through so much. We're going to mirror our first date 3 years ago -- art museum  and then dinner...I really would like to have a single drink at that dinner with her. Social drinking with my girlfriend was not a coping mechanism or anythjng unhealthy. It was the one kind of drinking I did that was moderate and "healthy". It's been a rough few weeks and oh I would love some relief from the stress and tension. ..At same time I want to keep up my streak and don't want to make it a habit. I'm pretty sure I will not drink with you today...Edit: ok I made up my mind. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

It's tough...but I know that for me a single drink with dinner would land me right back where I was 2+ years ago...Look how far you've come - 19 days off hard drugs and 12 days sober! That's pretty fucking amazing dude!!!..Me? I'd enjoy the museum have a nice dinner with a fun fizzy NA drink and be proud that I hit the pillow sober tonight. If it's too stressful to go out to dinner perhaps you could order in? Could be cozy and romantic! :)
It takes about ten days for alcohol to get out of the body. It can take up to five years for the brain to heal. Twelve days is tremendous but it is also so very very early; one drink can kick off a whole litany of neural pathway responses at that point...and none of them good. I hope that helps a bit! IWNDWYT.
I love your edit!!!! You won't regret not drinking I promise you 
