-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8djxnx/threesixtyfive_hot_damn/

Hot Damn!! I made it one whole year no shots no beers not a single drink!!  And man...sure as hell wasn't easy at some points during this past year.  But I did it. Life didn't flip itself and make things better over night or even in this one year but I feel better.   Becoming sober didn't solve my problems but it's easier to work on what is more important to tackle and handle instead of "Fuck it I'll drink and forget it for tonight".  I don't post or comment here often but you guys became a regular sub I'd go through and read the words of encouragement to everyone else.  I owe support to my wife and the friends of mine that know I went sober but I owe a big Thank You to you guys!!  ..If you're browsing this sub and you're still not sure if you want to try and stop drinking...I came here for about a year or so reading people's stories of success their struggles of relapse before trying to commit to this myself.  It's not easy that's for damn sure.  But it may be the best decision you make for yourself if you try it..I'm rambling I think so...Thank you all!!  
----------immediate responses--------

Beautiful- congrats! :)
Congrats ..IWNDWYT 
Congrats! 
Well done!
Congratulations! A year is amazing. IWNDWYT!
Awesome!!! IWNDWYT!
A Big Congratulations to you on your One Year of Sobriety!  Well Done  
Ramble on as much as you like. It's impressive &amp; inspirational. Aloha 
I needed that. Thank you.    
&gt; but it's easier to work on what is more important to tackle and handle instead of "Fuck it I'll drink and forget it for tonight"..How very well put. Also grats.
Twinsies!
 
Congratulations! Proud of you!
Bravo!!!
sweet..
Amazing achievement
[Congrats on a YEAR!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)
Congratulations!!!
Nice one! I love reading these year posts :) Awesome stuff!
Congrats! I'm right behind you... :)
Congrats! You are awesome!!
Congrats my friend!!
Woot woot!!!..I'm excited to join the year club come August. Dude being sober is so rad. Now when I have problems at least I don't make them 10 times worse by getting shitfaced and avoiding them. 
IWNDWYT 
Way to go!..Congrats on 365 days ..Thanks IWNDWYT 
Amazing milestone! Congratulations! IWNDWYT.
Great stuff!
Congratulations! You're so right about how getting sober doesn't solve your problems but it certainly puts us in a better position to tackle and face our problems head on. There's no problem in my life that a drink can't make worse!
well done !.
Well done! Very inspiring 
WAY TO GO !!! 
you damned stud. 
365 is awesome! Way to go. 
Congratulations!
