-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dk1s3/just_broke_up_afraid_of_relapsing/

Hi all..As you all can see I'm 50 days sober. That's the longest I've ever been in my adult life. In some ways my sobriety has been made much easier thanks to my relationship but I had to break it off this evening for many reasons...I'm humbly asking you SD community to give me reasons to stay the course as I undertake life as a sober single man. I'm scared shitless. I don't want to go back to my old ways. Any helpful advice/positive thoughts are welcome...
----------immediate responses--------

Think about it this way: eventually the messy and/or painful emotions that go with a breakup are going to fade. That's a given. How long it takes varies but humans are fundamentally resilient and you *will* come out of this...When you get to that point imagine how great you will feel about yourself if you can look back and say "hey I made it through without compromising my sobriety." Imagine the self-confidence that'll give you. The pride! You'll be able to say you were strong and took good care of yourself when you needed it. That's not always easy and it's always something to be proud of. And the next time something hard comes around you'll know you can get through it...50 days is a lot. You're doing a great job. You have every reason to believe in yourself. (For what it's worth this random internet person believes in you too!)..Be good to yourself. Do your best to find things that are comforting but healthy things that keep your dopamine up. If you feel your sobriety wavering you can always turn to /sd to vent or check in or whatever else you need...Sending you good vibes. Keep us posted!
I recently relapsed so maybe I can help you. Ask yourself: Why do you want to drink in the first place? Do you even want to drink or is it something else entirely that you just hope to achieve by drinking? If you do what will happen after? How will it play out? Look at your life now compared to the past. You might have lost something along the way but can alcohol really fill that void or will it just make it worse in the end? Play the tape forward and be honest to yourself. Let's say you plan on having just one drink and nothing more and you even manage to do it. What would the effect of that drink be? Would it even be worth the risk? What if you don't even enjoy that drink(I know I didn't when I relapsed recently)? Are you just going to drink more which would ultimately destroy the whole point of "just trying to have one"? If you have the time writing the answers to those questions down will help you internalize them and this will be a great help for making healthy decisions in your life. ..Keep your head up brother! I will not drink with you today :D
If you drink tonight you will wake up tomorrow with the same problems plus the addition of a hangover. It's tough right now but you need to continue to learn how to cope without the numbing blanket of alcohol. My wife and I had to say goodbye to our beloved dog last month. We had our vet make a house call and put her to sleep on our back porch on a beautiful spring day. It was fucking heart-wrenching. In our drinking days my wife and I would've turned to a bottle of whiskey and drunk ourselves into oblivion in order to temporarily escape the pain. Instead we faced the pain head-on. Embraced it. Cried about it. It hurt like a motherfucker...and still hurts. But now we are stronger for it. It's all part of the road to recovery my friend. You will grow stronger day by day without that poison. Push forward.
I drank myself stupid after my wife died.  Now I wish I hadn't.  Every morning I would wake up with a hangover and say to myself "This is the same shit life."  Drinking did not make it better.  It really didn't.  Only when I started more healthy habits did things start to get a weeny bit better teeny bit by teeny bit.  A breakup is no reason to drink.  It is a reason to think of what you really want for yourself... then work on getting it.
I found it is helpful to read the Saturday Shares in the sidebar.  They are the stories of peoples successes upsets relapses and recoveries and a whole lot more.  Their are stories where people are way worse off than I ever was.  I don't recall one person ever saying they miss drinking or those who slipped that were happy about it. It is helpful to see a bigger perspective I think.  50 days in is a great start.  Sorry about the breakup but the one given in life is expect change.  IWNDWYT
I let my fear "drive" me. Some may disgaree and that is perfectly ok but it is a method that works for me. I remember the immense regret I felt every relapse and the downward spiral that followed. I justify it as this: I'm terrified of moving water so I will absolutely not jump in. Ever. I am far more terrified of waking up tomorrow with a hangover and regret. Therefore I will not drink. If you pulled the trigger on a relationship to better yourself or situation or whatever it may be why do yourself the disservice of backpedaling and drinking?
It's likely the hard-won clarity courage and personal growth you wrought from sobriety that brought you to this place where you were able to do the right thing for yourself and your life. To me it seems like a decision you made because it was about the truth your truth about walking toward healing and that it's in keeping with the truth-seeking that started with quitting alcohol. So in my mind all you need to do is keep your eyes on the horizon of that same principle of truth the desire for an honest life in full sun doing the right thing growing despite fear walking tall anyway. When you've done the right thing as a part of a bigger right thing on the way to wholeness keep going.
1. You get to know yourself much better in 1st year of sobriety. .2. When you're finally ready to date again you will be more authentic &amp; find a more compatible partner. .
