-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dkvvg/aa_the_most_shocking_discoveries_of_recovery/

Daria at the meeting is sharing some of the most private struggles of her life in a room full of strangers with astonishing confidence. Daria is in her mid-sixties (I am in my mid-twenties) and by looking at the two of us it would be easy to hastily assume that neither of us would have anything in common at all. Which is what I thought when I first looked around the room at the very first AA meeting I ever attended just this past Monday...While I expected that many of the individuals I would encounter and learn about would share stories containing the more common alcoholic traits (drinking too much too often regretting drunken escapades - you get the picture) what I didn't expect to hear were staggering similarities pertaining to the smaller details of my life seemingly once completely irrelevant and unrelated to alcoholism...I discovered many people never felt that they "fit in" and felt like outsiders most of their life that they would obsess about inflicting justice or payback among those who wronged them even down to very specific details such as scheduling fake early morning meetings in their shared work calendars to cover for a wicked hangover. ..As I come to learn more and more about what this disease is what it means to me and how I fit into the bigger picture I look to you Reddit. Did anyone have the same experience about discovering very similar traits and specific details? Anything else shocking that you weren't expecting on your road to recovery? Let's start the conversation.
----------immediate responses--------

So much this. My meeting tonight was a big book reading and the chapter was titled "Fear of Fear" and I swear to god I almost cried when it got around to me and the last paragraph that just happened to work out to be my turn to read. It was written by a woman and she talked about how she could never sign up to volunteer (or do anything really) because she "never knew the shape she'd be in next Tuesday." This could have described the last couple years of my life before I found this sub...Many people at my meeting identified with this one of them a man seated to my left who looked to be about 60-70 maybe (I am a woman in my 40s). Sometimes I hear people say things in meetings that literally could have come right out of my mouth at that very moment; specific things. These secific things make me cry. We are so alike in so many ways. The forum of being able to share those things HELP me. And part of the ways they help is the connection that comes from these unexpected places/rooms these unexpected people. I am very new to this new to AA and new to being so open and raw with total strangers. But I like it. And I will be coming back.  ..Thanks for this post. 
I have tried to answer this several times this evening and keep coming up short.  From the very first meeting to the very last one I attended there have only been a handful of meetings that I felt I couldn't relate to. Two of those were meetings were there were 20-25 people but they were all court ordered. Interaction was minimal. I basically read my big book for an hour and then signed their papers. ..I can't think of one specific person but in almost everyone I hear I say  I did that . Or  I have felt like that.   Or even  Man I wish I had thought of that  or  That almost happened to me . ..I think this is a key part of AA. Even if you are shy introverted or have severe social anxiety if you go to a meeting in your native language you are bound to get something out of it. ..One time I was at a meeting and there was a person there I actually wanted to kill. I am not sure if I would have but I sure wanted to. Believe me or not I had a gun in my truck and had looked for him where he worked earlier that day. ..The topic of that meeting was the serenity prayer. I sat there and listened to story after story about how someone killed their child while driving drunk and had to live with that. Someone whose child was killed while they were in the car while someone else was drunk and driving and they had forgiven them. Like 7 or 8 of these stories about how people were having to forgive themselves or others for some real serious tragic shit. And many of these things could have happened to me if I had not been so lucky. ..Well after hearing all of these stories I had this sudden realization that my grievances were insignificant. I couldn't believe I was letting them jeopardize my sobriety and even my freedom. ..I walked up to that individual after the meeting and told them I forgave them. I told them that if they really wanted help quitting drugs and alcohol then he was in the right place. And then I left and found another meeting to attend. I know the 12th step says we are supposed to help others but I had to leave this one for someone else to help. This was one of the three biggest steps in my recovery. ..That's not quite the same thing as what you asked - not quite. ..That was in the first 2 months of my sobriety. I haven't wanted to kill anyone since. So I guess i have made some progress. ..IWNDWYT .. 
In the beginning I was convinced I was unique - alone - the only one who... I listened (or tried to) and compared - and I kept going out - patting myself on the back with a sixpack after a week or a weekend...Then in one of the defining moments of my "getting it" I like you was listening to a woman who was completely different - or so I thought.  and then she started talking about how good it had felt to put your forehead on the cool tile floor of a bathroom after puking.  **and wham!! in an instant I was no different. I knew I was EXACTLY where I needed to be**
I discovered when I was in rooms with people the opposite race 25 years older blue collar criminals etc.  We all share one thing major in common.  I remember when I started going to mixed meetings I would sit there with my mouth open listening to the crazy things folks did when they were active I could not imagine that insanity! When I went to my first Women's Only meeting I heard shares from 10 women who drank like I did alone at home isolated. All ages all walks of life just like me.
At my first meeting someone told me to listen to the similarities and not the differences. It could be so easy to sit and pick apart how I'm different. Never crashed a car never went to jail etc. But if I listen to people talk about how they *feel* or *think* that's where I find I'm just the same. The mental gymnastics we engaged in to justify drinking the shame and the fear the idea that everyone else in life just seems to *get it* and we don't. ..I've also learnt that all those things that never happened to me are Yets. I haven't been to jail yet. I haven't crashed a car yet. If I pick up a drink I don't know what will happen. 
