-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dp87i/how_to_stay_motivated_in_the_longish_term/

I recently relapsed after almost 2 years of sobriety. I was confronted with my favorite drinking situation (by myself at home with a couple hours of free time) and slipped right back into my old habits. ...Now I'm re-committing (day 12!) but since I previously achieved that much sobriety staying sober doesn't feel that urgent. I feel like "since I quit before I could always do it again if I want." 2 years of sobriety feels like I trained for and ran a marathon like I achieved something really difficult that I never thought I could do. But I don't need to keep running marathons for the rest of my life......How do you all deal with staying motivated once you've achieved a chunk of time? How can I make sobriety part of my permanent lifestyle rather than feeling like a short-term challenge? ..Thanks everyone this subreddit has really helped me. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have nearly as much time as yourself but I found that having goals exercise and hobbies have kept me going since I slipped last time. I have been riding MTB a lot lately and it gives a feeling of accomplishment when I'm done riding. I also drank to get drunk so I know that if I drink there is no way I'll be able to hit the trails with my friends. ..Did you fill your time with new hobbies and activities over those 2 years?
Maybe the  day at a time' thing is good to focus on - i gave up for 3 years once and though counting off days can be a great motivator it can make you forget to live in the present. For me my focus is  being sober' not the past or future just the present state of sobriety - so much of our perceived fun of drinking is either anticipation at how much better an event will be or harking back nostalgically and selectively to a happy drinking memory - if  you're in the sober now you avoid these pitfalls.
I just focus on today. If there is some event or trip coming up I will feel burdened by the weight of it and start to stress out about it. But if I only worry about today right now I'm fine. Who knows how I'll feel during my trip I'll worry about it when it arrives I just know that today I will not be drinking. ..In terms of video games you're acting like you lost a life and are starting the game over when you're actually starting at your last checkpoint. Those two years still mean something...Another thing that keeps me motivated is remembering that at one point I for real thought I was going to die. 
the thought that drinking again will take away my job marriage son and i will ultimately end up alone gives me motivation.  i made sobriety part of my permanent lifestyle by implementing the 12 steps into my life.  it works.  for me anyway. 
