-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dqmwl/its_ok_to_be_a_highmaintenance_sober_person/

I was a pretty easy-going dude when I was a drunk. I was the type of person who'd meet up just about anywhere and always volunteer for anything. Having a birthday party? Sure I'll be there! Even if I didn't want to go I figured I could at least just drink...One of my bigger challenges since getting sober has been unlearning this behavior. The point isn't to be difficult for its own sake but rather to make sure I'm fully comfortable with whatever I'm doing and more importantly not to jeopardize my sobriety. This has meant learning how to say "no."..My company is organizing a gala next week. Because ticket sales are lousy they've strongly encouraged us staffers to go. The main selling point is the open bar. This is an environment that I don't feel particularly comfortable in and besides I've got plans that night: playing cards with my friends. So I'm not going to go. I imagine my colleague might be annoyed. But my health comes first...Later this summer some friends and I are renting a house on the coast of Spain before one of our other friends gets married in Madrid. We've begun the work of figuring out who gets to sleep where. I was originally placed in a room with another man but requested that I get my own room. Why? Everyone who's going will be drinking   heavily   except me. I want to have my own space to get away from it all and to go to bed while they're still partying. I don't want to have to tiptoe around while they're sleeping their hangovers off either. I explained my position as politely as possible and my friends said "of course."..But these things happen in more ordinary ways all the time. If I'm at a party or bar and I feel like leaving I leave. If I've been invited somewhere but feel like I really need to go to an AA meeting I go to the meeting. I try to avoid these conflicts. But when I must choose I choose to look after myself. If someone who doesn't know that I don't drink suggests we meet for a drink at a bar I propose meeting for a coffee instead. And I explain the reason why. ..Behaving in this way doesn't come naturally to me. My instinct is to be accommodating reasonable flexible and easygoing. I used to bristle at people who had to have things their way. Now I'm one of those people...But you know what? It's ok. I would feel pretty stupid if I compromised my sobriety due to placing myself in an uncomfortable situation because I was too polite to stick up for myself. ..I never get angry when someone suggests meeting at a bar or am invited to an occasion with drinking. I'm honored to have so many close friends who still drink. I find that being cool and respectful without being apologetic works best. I don't have to be a dick about it. But I also don't have to apologize for taking care of myself...Anyway thought I'd post this in case any of you fellow non-confrontational low-maintenance folks were struggling with how to safeguard your sobriety...I won't drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm really into the way that you've phrased this and it couldn't resonate with me more.  As someone who's typically easy-going and has a hard time saying 'no' especially when 'yes' is the answer that usually keeps everything simple and everyone happy it's been a real challenge learning to listen to myself and what I want and prioritizing that...At the end of the day I've accepted that my decision to stop drinking might make other people uncomfortable.  But I totally agree that it's not my duty to go out of my way trying to accommodate for them when any part of them feeling uneasy about it stems from their own insecurities about their relationship with alcohol.  I ultimately accepted that it's not worth sacrificing my sobriety and the changes that I want to make in my life and that I do need to put myself first for once...IWNDWYT!
Proud of you for sticking up for yourself! .It's way to easy to feel like the jerk saying no to things that are triggers. .Better to be a high maintenance sober person then an easy going drunk 
This touched my heart. Thank you for writing this! I relate all too well and sometimes dont know how to exit a scene of drinkers. I really liked what you had to say. 
I can relate. I've been skipping after hours work things for a while now and realizing that if I don't like people without being drunk then it's best I don't spend any more time with them than I have to anyway. It's good for my sobriety and it's good for my mental health.
It's totally okay to ask for what you need. It can be hard balancing a non-drinking lifestyle while trying to maintain relationships with people who drink heavily...Your talk about trying to book a vacation in a single cabin with drinkers hits home. Some tips: bring earplugs eye mask and white noise machine. Turn that room into your own personal sanctuary even if your friends are awake getting smashed until sunrise...Also don't feel bad about pulling an  Irish goodnight : if a situation starts making you feel uncomfortable you don't owe anyone an explanation as to why yo want to leave the room or for you to define to them what's making you feel uncomfortable. You can leave the room and either take a walk read a book watch something in your room or go to bed...It sounds like your friends are supportive and understanding. Good luck with all your plans : )
Awesome man way to look after yourself and make the right choices not just for you but for everyone.  I applaud your sobriety and hope it continues   
Thanks for posting this I can really relate. I'm having to learn how to get comfortable with putting my needs first and advocating for myself a bit more rather than just going along with the group. It's been the little things so far like  being out with my friends and realising I'm tired and would rather go home whilst they continue drinking all night. Previously I would sit there whilst conversations became less coherent and everyone stopped listening to each other wondering why I wasn't having a good time. I'm trying to get better at spotting the right part of the evening to say my goodbyes and leave them to it safe in the knowledge I'm not missing out on anything.
Birthday parties especially have been challenging for me. Even for my friends that don't drink that much they're typically pretty high key events. And for my closest friends I feel bad about peacing out after an hour like I usually do.
Needed to hear this. Thank you!
I really like this post. It's so very important for us as we change our lifestyle and adopt this new identity. It really resonated with me as I've previously been the overly accommodating ultra chill type who was always eager for any meetup. Now I joke that I'm a Diva and I'm less inclined to do things if there aren't certain conditions present (I have a car to get home the place isn't too loud I refuse to sleep out etc) haha it's working for me.
I had a "spring break" trip planned (even though i was almost 30 and far from in school) before I sobered myself up for good a few years back. After I quit drinking I wanted to go but ultimately knew it would jeopardize all my hard work and also wasn't a good use of my money so I opted out. Best decision ever and it put me on the path to continually make (mostly) good decisions ever since. 
This. THIS. THISTHISTHIS. Nicely said. IWDWYT. 
Thank you for posting this.
Great post. Thanks OP and others for adding to this awesome  idea  of taking care of yourself first !!! I put this in the category of setting boundaries- which I am learning how to do - but would like to do more gracefully and this is just so well put. I barely get upset when someone has a  special  request at this point - I am just amazed that people know themselves enough to say no or to set limit....THAT to me is impressive! Iwndwyt 
What you've described are called boundaries my friend :) After a lifetime of drinking and saying yes to way too much sobriety is where we finally learn to say no to protect ourselves and demonstrate self care. If you've grown up with alcoholics boundaries are even blurrier in sobriety. Especially if you had to take care of drunk parents. It's a work in progress for me too. 
this is the greatest and so are a bunch of your posts.
I very much appreciate this post
I can really relate to this. Thanks!
Excellent post! 
This was a very helpful post thank you so much for writing. This has been on my mind recently and I appreciate the thoughts. I don't need to shame/guilt myself for taking an extra step in looking out for myself...IWNDWYT!
Thanks for posting this. Having a hard time and this gives me hope that something good will come out of all this. (I have the exact same problem with saying no and it was actually that problem that started everything.)
Doesn't sound like you're high maintenance to me - just like you're learning healthy boundaries...Your sobriety has to be the most important thing in your life because if you lose your sobriety you may end up losing your job and your friends and...  But it sounds like you have a good handle on that.  :)..IWNDWYT!
Thanks for sharing. It really resonated with me and my situation.  Will be in a lot of challenging situations on the coming weeks.  Horse races weddings work events etc.   Thankfully I have understanding friends and family as well.
A shout out to your friends - sounds like they have your back.
Isn't our culture weird - we have to justify and manipulate things - so that we can maintain a natural not drugged up state of mind - the norm is to be intoxicated -maybe I'm just being optimistic - but I think people are waking up slowly to the dangers of alcohol - so many new sober things happening - look at the numbers on this site !!!! 
Excellent post! I too have been way too accommodating to others when it was at a cost to me. I read this post last night and thought about it just an hour ago when I had to tell someone "no". Felt empowering to be in charge of my well being for once! Thank you!
