-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8dz76t/anybody_there_day_110/

Day 110.  I stopped drinking on New Years Day 2018.  I'm a 35 year old woman and started having blackouts about three years ago.  I did "dry jan" last year but had a wine tasting course given to me as a Christmas present so obviously had to complete that course come the end of January then next thing I know it's the end of 2017 and I've had a total of 10 or so blackouts throughout the course of the year.  I've said and done some pretty horrendous things over the past six years however for some reason I always prided myself (HA!) on my ability to drink and never seemed that drunk but that eventually caught up on me. although I could still have plenty of nights where I'd drink a lot and remember everything the next day the mornings where I didn't were becoming more and more frequent.  My boyfriend had to have three serious talks with me over the past few years before it finally sunk in on New Years Day this year: things aren't going to get any better while I'm drinking.  The thing is I'm feeling super super depressed these last few weeks I'm not sure if that's something that happens three months in or if its just my particular circumstances.  I feel super alone and isolated as all of my friends and my boyfriend are drinkers.  Tbh I'm not struggling with the physical part of not putting any booze in my mouth (I'm home alone for the weekend in a house full of booze and I have zero inclination to drink anything - thanks Annie Grace/Catherine Gray!) but I just feel really sad and weepy constantly.  I'm trying to exercise as much as I can but that obviously only fills up so many hours in the day.  I also feel like my work is suffering because of how depressed I feel and that's the last thing I need right now.  I'm trying to find a therapist but they're all so damn expensive and I'm also trying to clear a ridiculous credit card bill...sigh.  Basically everything just feels like a pile of shit right now and I can't see any light at the end of the tunnel.  
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 110 days too! Felt pretty bad till I took a holiday...a week out of life
&gt;The thing is I'm feeling super super depressed these last few weeks I'm not sure if that's something that happens three months in..It certainly can be! Sorry to hear you're feeling blue.....Have you heard of PAWS (post-acute withdrawal syndrome)? Google it.... It can come and go during the first year or so off the sauce particularly at stressful times......I hit a rough patch myself a few months in the 'Pink Cloud' of early sobriety evaporated abruptly and was replaced by a distressing 'Grey Soup' phase.... At the time it was easy to imagine that it might drag on forever but it did lift again after a while......I think it's something to do with the wonky brain chemistry still trying to level out after years of boozing.... it's certainly no fun while it's happening and does make everything seem much harder to deal with.....I felt like isolating myself a lot but in hindsight that probably didn't help.... Have you thought about speaking to a doctor and maybe trying some antidepressants or maybe finding some sober support people via an AA meeting or similar? It might help!..Keep on reaching out here in the meantime maybe even try the IRC chat on the sidebar if you're feeling a bit blue and lonesome......Hang in there this too shall pass.... Hope you feel brighter again soon!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Last January I cried everyday for a month.  I had a little candle ceremony once for all the old friends and lovers that died young.  Anywho I had my vitamin D checked among other things and it was "Catastrophically low" at 17.  I learned 80-100 level is therapeutic for avoiding 77% of all cancers.  Anyway my Dr. put me on Vit D drops and I feel much better. You might of heard of SAD Seasonal Affective Disorder that gets a lot of us in the north in the winter suffering from no sun and really low vitamin D.  Some people get one of those little lights that mimics sun exposure to improve mood in winter.  I hope I get to be happy go lucky again some day soon.  IWNDWYT
I stopped on 1/2/18 :)  I'm one day behind you forever!!..Nothing ever gets better by drinking so no matter what happens the booze isn't the answer.
It took me a long time to hone my drinking problem into something quite as horrible as it became   so it's taken quite a long time to undo it too. And there were times that I was really sad and low because I wasn't the person I thought I was \(fun party girl\) and I didn't know who that meant I was anymore. Especially when  everyone else is normal' \(this is my own  ha!'\)...Are your friends happy to do things with you that don't involve drinking?  I was lucky   mine were.  But I've also made new friends   who I've never drunk with   by taking pilates classes at the gym. Or would you be willing to give AA \(or something similar if available in your area\) a go to meet more sober people if that would help?  Can you set yourself any goals like taking up a new skill/craft/hobby that you've always wanted to or taking on some extra curricular learning that would help in your job or just interests you?  ..I know you said you're trying to straighten out your finances but I'm being realistic with mine and I've sorted out a schedule that means I can still afford treats \(within reason\).  Could you rework your budget and pay it off a little more slowly to get some therapy to help you get through this low spot?  And I agree with Woody   can you talk to your doctor? You might not need antidepressants   they might be other things they could recommend...I'm sorry I can't offer better suggestions but you're certainly not alone. You're doing fantastically well and I wish you were feeling more benefits already.  It took me eighteen months of getting on then falling off the wagon to get this streak to stick   it's only really been since I got 4\-5 months this time in that I started to consider myself a happy ex\-drinker but I'm a bit older and had let my drinking get worse than you.  Before that it was a lot more of a rollercoaster...Best wishes.
It's normal I hope. PAWS is real. I am weepy still too but I've been attending AA meetings and started working with a sponsor. The group gives me a welcoming feeling to me and keeps me from isolating. I started to get some gratitude. 
[removed]
I have been reading this book lately and it's called "the things you can see only when you slow down". Helped me a lot. Be strong friend!
