-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8e7pox/55_daysthen_massive_onenight_bender_where_i_could/

Happy that most of my life is sober now but when I slip up damn do I do it properly. I've had friends in the past suggest that abstaining entirely is what makes you go so overboard when you finally give in. Do you think that's true? Have any of you gone through this cycle and it was just the death throws before lasting sobriety? .. I don't know I just feel like an idiot. The drinking felt *so. good.* I felt happier than I have at any point since the last time this happened. My depression I guess. It came with the hefty consequence of feeling so torn up this morning that I thought I was going to have a seizure and the last time I relapsed my husband was trying to get a babysitter so he could get me to the emergency room. When I was drinking every day I was almost never actually drunk. Now when I drink I don't seem to have the ability to moderate at all. Friends are telling me how to make it so that next time I'll only have a few but the thought of having one scares me so much right now. Maybe that's why relapse is a part of recovery? To remind you of how damned scary this stuff can be. One minute its a sunny spring day and the baseball is on the next minute you're remembering what happiness feels like and could cry its so wonderful and then next 24 hours you feel like you might have permanently damaged yourself and your husband hates you. ..Anyway I'm back. Hi guys. Thank you so much for being here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Relapse is not a requirement for recovery. ..Read up about kindling and alcoholism. Might shock you. ..IWNDWYT 
Glad your here ! Thank you for the strong reminder of that feeling . Yuhgggh . I won't drink with you today 
[The Kindling Effect](https://www.recoveryfirst.org/blog/the-kindling-effect-of-addiction/) is a big deterrent from relapse for me. I also have to remind myself that my brain chemistry has made great efforts in trying to recover from 20 years of being bombarded with alcohol. "Like taking a lawn mower to my garden" just one night of drinking can wash away all the good neurotransmitters that have replenished themselves over the year and a half I have been sober. My brain would reset itself to Day 1. There is no amount of fun or pleasure that I would receive from one night of drinking that would be worth that.    ..You may want to read *This Naked Mind* by Annie Grace. It will help you change your mindset towards alcohol. It will help you break free from the slavery of alcohol and realize that you don't need it to have fun and enjoy your life. Relapses aren't inevitable and they aren't necessary to quit for good.
Who are these friends that are telling you to drink? 
After 48 days off the tolerance goes way down.  So if you were drinking similar to what you were doing before it probably takes you right down.  The answer is to just stop drinking.  IWNDWYT
Something similar happened to me. When I drank after 5 months I had absolutely no idea how I ended up drinking so much that I puked on my mattress. I had to throw that mattress out. So much monetary damage. ..Before this in the decades of drinking before I had puked once from alcohol. 
I've had thoughts lately (again) that by completely quitting I'm actually hurting myself because the relapsing is so much worse. If I just had not stopped and dreamed up I had this problem I'd be fine and could handle it. Shoot I've handled it for 40 plus years.  I should just get back to my regular routine.....then I realise that's my crazy fucking brain trying to play tricks on me (again). Yea I have drank hard for 40 years and those years and all the possibilities of what could have been are gone forever. Not this time. When I start to hear my mind try to screw with me I remember what got me here in the first place. I was unhappy sick anxious depressed scared not living just looping back and forth from drunk to hungover.  This time around I'm staying with the facts. Not some bull shit my disease tries to plant in my head. I feel good today. That's a fact. And I'm going to stay that way. Sorry for the ramble. I will not drink with you today my friend. 
