-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eba2n/i_relapsed_a_lot_when_my_boyfriend_broke_up_with/


----------immediate responses--------

Way to go on getting back up! And thanks for your supportive words\-\-sure lots of people are needing to hear that...Have a lovely hike!
fall down seven times get up eight..Keep kicking goals Kassenya you're doing amazing. 
Good job!  Hikes are best appreciated with a clear and sober mind. IWNDWYT. 
I'm looking forward too the hike! It's been almost a year (that's when the drinking and smoking really got bad) .
congrats well done.
Yay! You're an inspiration!
Hikes are great. Congrats on 31 days!
Nicely done! I've relapsed countless times all that matters is that you get back on your feet and keep trying to get sober! Enjoy your hike \- I will not drink with you today!
These feelings can't last right. I want to drink right now. I'm at work though.Working helps. Got to keep busy. Being outside helps. 
Aren't breakups a blast? I relapsed like a dozen times over a boyfriend too. A hike sounds awesome this gorgeous week. Solidarity!
Good for you.  For me it has helped to remember that good times come and go.  They are then replaced by bad times.  The cycle then repeats.  It happens to all of us.  The degree of these times varies.  It has been key for me to remember that throughout we learn and there is not an answer in alcohol.
My breakup sent me spiraling as well finally getting myself back together. Congrats on your success and enjoy your hike!
Today is day one for me after 31 days honestly can say Im a better person when I don't drink and I need to stay over again...One step one minute one hourone day one month...I too found myself crawling to the bottom of the bottle when my ex moved back home. I hope you find something projective to fill the void. We are with so much more than we give ourselves credit for.
Thanks! Needed to hear this. I'm fine during the week but relapse on weekends. I'm not going to stop trying. IWDWYT
 
Yay you!
Way to embrace this sobriety...such a gift to be able to go out and enjoy a beautiful day free of your addictions...Keep kicking was and have an awesome day!
Well done! Here's to another 31!
Thanks for sharing and happy to hear you are back on the right track. I fell off after 105 days most I've done in years but I've been using for last 11 days. I hope to get back to sobriety soon as tomorrow.
The most powerful words I have heard in recovery have been "we don't shoot our wounded". Keep fighting &lt;3
Break ups.. ugh! Congrats!!
Congrats! That's amazing. And i can totally relate bc im ten days sober and just got dumped. I'm determined not to let this ruin my sobriety now bc it is one of few things that i have going for me. I also love hiking!  Hoping to go when it stops raining in my area. ..Great job on 31 days!!
its not about success its about persevering and great credit due to you.. .Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison..i was drinking once per week and i have no doubt meditation brought me to that over time but now i dont want to drink atal as it don't fit anymore but its still difficult so i keep on keeping on...as best i can 
Congrats on getting that first month out of the way OP! .Grateful you decided not to hurt yourself after someone else hurt you. ..Why are you lumping alcohol and cannabis together though? .This is the first time i've ever seen anyone even mention pot on this sub. 
Congrats. I'm still waiting for that energy to come back. 
Iwndwyt
Iwndwyt
I want to thank everyone!  All the support today! The hike! It made me so darn happy to be sober this long! Its been so hard. The breakup. The falling. Getting back up. .He is on a warrant and im improving my life! This is hard. But I will never thank everyone enough. ..FYI. Quitting smoking cigs is on my next list. 
Keep on trucking! Bravo on 31 days. Thank you for sharing your experience. Keeps it green. 
Take a hike. No really.  
  
