-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ebv2e/longtime_relapse_after_longtime_sobriety_tired/

Had 3 years sober. Relapsed for 4 years. Had 10 years sober thought I could handle it relapsed and have been drinking for 8 years. During these last 8 years have strung together months and months of sobriety only to convince myself I can handle it. I'm a binge drinker rather than a daily drinker so the  dry  days convince me I don't have a problem. It is so insidious. And scary. Reaching out because I know isolation is a killer. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear of your relapse. Good for you recognizing that you have a problem. I will not drink with you today!
Try and try again friend!..Have you identified what made you slip up?  Is there a trigger you could be on the look out for?
Been there. Relapsed for six years after 11+ sober. The good news is that I have both my memory of those 11 years (plus another 2.5 year stint in my 20s to remind me how much better my life is without booze AND I have the memory of the last long plunge down the muddy slope to remind me I don't want to do that again. Blessings on your journey. 
I wrote this last week: ..Being a 'dry drunk' is like having a raging tiger in a cage. Trying 'moderation' (in other words thinking you can handle 'having just one') is like taking the tiger out of the cage putting it on a leash and poking it with a stick. ..I don't play with tigers anymore. 
I have this problem as well. Not just with alcohol but taking my anxiety meds. I think "god I feel great! I don't need these anymore!" Then I stop taking them and soon feel like garbage. ..Same thing with sobriety "I feel great I am in control. I can probably handle drinking again." ..With both of these things I have had to convince myself that if I feel good- its working. Dont mess with it. 
Thanks for posting.
this is 100% me im scared with you 
It sounds like I could've written this post just changing a few numbers around. You are not alone! My ability to normalize my past behavior and convince myself I can start up again without any repercussions is the most frustrating part of this disease. I do feel though that I'm chipping away at it each time I get back on the wagon. At least we can be thankful the long and arduous journey has led us here! I won't drink with you today!
I had almost six years then drank for almost 3. I definitely relate to the cockiness factor being a trigger. You got this! 
Inspiring story that shows things should never be taken for granted. Thank you for sharing much appreciated. Good luck!
And binge drinking is arguably more dangerous than the "textbook alcoholic" who knows limits and buys just what is needed on the way home from work and passes out on the couch every day...a binge drinker is much more likely to have a acute medical problem get arrested wake up in another state married to a stranger..... 
I am from the Southern part of USA... I hear a very southern voice in my head when I think about drinking that says "Yea that ain't you."  I can't have "just one" tried it and it doesnt work for me.   Happy that you are jumping back on the "wagon"!  IWNDWYT 
Hey I have a lot less experience than you and most people commenting here so far but I wanted to say that reading your post is very powerful. You measure the time in years while I'm just at one month. It's a strong reminder that the decision to stop drinking can't be taken lightly by anyone and vigilance is needed now tomorrow next year and the next 10 years too. 
It's scary how it controls us.  Please know there are others out there that know how you feel.  The struggle is real.
I'm so sorry. I was also a binge drinker rather than daily so I totally understand what you mean when you say the dry days convince you you're ok. It makes it so easy to convince yourself the bad spells are just that   sporadic incidents that don't characterize you as a drinker. Then they pile up. Insidious is the best word to describe it...I saw someone say on here once that when you relapse you're not really starting over. You're not back to zero. You still accumulated all those sober days   in your case years which is extremely impressive. No relapse can take those years away from you nor negate what an incredible accomplishment they were. ..I'm glad you reached out. I believe in you and I know everyone else here does too.
It's easier to say "no" to the first drink than it is to the second drink. 
I love getting the opportunity to read posts like this (NOT because I like seeing people relapse) but because it provides more incentive for me to stay sober long-term. Moderation doesn't seem to work for most problem drinkers/alcoholics and takes people a long time to figure that out admit it and finally quit for good. Everytime I've tried to cut back or take a break I was right back to getting wrecked every weekend pretty quick...I think my biggest internal conflict has to do with this thought:..I think I mainly drink to excess because I'm depressed with my current life social status surroundings etc. I've basically had myself convinced forever that at soon as I graduate college and can finally move to a location with more stuff to do and get new/better friends and a good job then I won't NEED to drink as much. But honestly some of the most tragic drinking nights I've had in the past started as extremely "fun" nights with good people in a good location where I wasn't drinking away my problems. I don't think I can handle tooo much excitement when I'm drinking just as much as I can't handle my depression..I've come to realize that I'm an addict either way. My addiction is mutually exclusive from my location social circle job or anything else. Seems like there's only one solution..
I was sober for 4 years then hit it again for the past 16 years.  Why?  I wake up at nights terribly depressed after drinking. 
This was me for a long time. I thought hey i stay sober all week i can have a few on the weekend. That grew into a mostly daily habit. But even when it was "under control" I would drink until i passed out. I'm scared at this point if i relapse again i'll die. No joke. My body was not designed to down a entire bottle of whiskey. Every time i start again it takes no time to get back to worse than i was before. I don't know if i have another ride in me. I don't want my family to find me in a coma or dead because of this beast. IWNDWYT
I am the same way. I understand your fear. It's like playing Russian Roulette. Your right that reaching out is the best solution. My plan is to keep attending meetings for as long as I walk this Earth so that I am dealt with the constant reminder of what I am and what is at stake to lose. 
Isolation kills me too. but it is what I do. I turn into a hermit. lol. &amp; my mind is the worse place for me to be. Now I am trying to make sure I go outside atleast in the first hour I am up - for some reason it helps me. BTW you have one year more sober than you do drunk so there is a positive in that :) Anywhhoooo welcome back and glad you are here ..[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
