-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eegex/we_walk_this_road_together/

So yesterday I got to see Eminem close out Coachella and he stopped before his last song and spoke about how he was celebrating his 10 year anniversary of being clean and sober. He proceeded to dedicate his next song "Not Afraid" to all those in the crowd that were on a similar journey of recovery and to anyone that is struggling with addiction...My eyes welled up as the chorus kicked in.  It's amazing when pure unfiltered gratitude can kick in.  A couple of my friends came over and put their arms around me and the tears just started pouring out.  It was a magical and amazing experience I'll never forget...So I guess just a note of encouragement to anyone out their struggling with this shit.  You truly are not alone in this and the rewards for sticking with this are far more incredible than any short term temporary escape.  I've been sober for 5.5 years now and the gifts that this life keep giving me are beyond my wildest dreams...
----------immediate responses--------

Outstanding!
:)
Love it! Thank you    
Beautiful thank you.
Thanks for sharing this.
Here you go!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5-yKhDd64s.
So good!  Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
Wow what a beautiful life-affirming moment! I would've torn up at this too. I loved "it's amazing when pure unfiltered gratitude can kick in." For real. Congrats on 5.5 years and thank you u so much for the encouragement you're sharing I'm eager-beaver for them rewards of which u speak!  
Imagine someone telling you 10 years ago .Eminem was sober and it would stick? ..Nobody would've believed he could do it or imagined how well he'd be doing. ..Makes me optimistic on where we could all be in a decade :)
  IWNDWYT 
I love Eminem so much. I saw him front row in 1999 when he OPENED for Limp Biskit. Lol...so happy for him that he has gotten so much farther/more successful in his career. And using Coachella as a platform to promote sobriety takes Slim Shady-size balls.
Thank you for sharing this! Listening to the song now! :') 
Okay that made me cry.
Thank you for sharing this beautiful moment! IWNDWYT 
I can only imagine how intense that was and how lucky we are that we get it. IWNDWYT 
And I teared up reading that haha. Congrats on the 5.5 years - it truly is inspiring. That you for sharing this [High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I was there too and that moment was EVERYTHING. Xx
I decided to quit drinking Saturday. Friday night at Coachella I blacked out and ended up putting myself in some pretty dangerous situations. This is the first time I truly feel like I'm done with drinking completely. ..When Eminem performed this song I was sobbing through the pink bandana wrapped around my face. I was enjoying the hell out of Coachella totally sober and motivated as hell to keep it up with this song speaking right to me. ..Keep up the fight!
I teared up reading this but I tear up at almost everything these days. Sounds like a beautiful moment for you and your mates. And 5.5 years get in!!
SOBRIETY:" this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me..." Makes perfect sense.
Wow... thanks for this   
Cheers to that!  
Amazing
Nice 
Without a doubt undoubtedly 
