-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ehs93/day_1_sick_of_the_uncertainty/

Hi everyone..I am 24. Today is my first day on r/stopdrinking. I was referred here by numerous askreddit threads but this is the first time I've dropped by. After reading through thread after thread of stories and support I feel this may be the one avenue which helps me kick the stuff for good...Last weekend was bad. I drank every evening to the point of not being able to recall certain events and it takes a lot to get me to that point. I binge drink a lot (at least 2x a week) but it doesn't seem to impact my ability to hold down my job (which is very concerning). As a challenge to myself I've gone sober for about 1 month at a time; once last October and again in January. While I did succeed I'd immediately relapse once the month was up. I've been putting on weight gradually becoming lazier and lazier and I'm doing more damage controls the morning after than I've ever thought necessary. I don't like drinking but I don't know how else to enjoy certain lethargic activities and I believe this is where part of my addiction stems from. I think it's time to break the cycle of breaking cycles and take this problem (because it is a problem) more seriously. I am sober and I will not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

When you were sober for those periods of time did you enjoy it at all? Personally I surprised myself when most times I actually had more fun with certain situations when I was sober that I only thought could be enjoyed when drinking. ..I'm not saying everything was more fun or relaxed but I did realize I don't NEED alcohol to enjoy anything and in fact I find it brings my energy wit and intellect wayyyyy down. ..Good job on your self-awareness it's not always easy or pretty to look at your issues and shadow. Best of luck to you! IWNDWYT
[removed]
Hey there. I'm also 24 binge drinked on friday and on saturday moderate. I was sick last week now I'm back to day 1..Let's see who is getting the badge number higher? I'll skip my after-work beer(s) and will not drink with you today.
