-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ekkfv/any_other_chronic_relapsers_out_there/

Fallen off the wagon again. Seem to not to be able to get past 60 days. Anyone else really struggle to get and stay sober? ..Trying naltrexone worked for a bit. I am starting therapy next week. I don't like going to meetings but I'll go to one tonight. I just feel so ashamed that I can't get over the drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Trial and error &amp; try and try again my friend. I started my journey Jan 2016. Relapsing along the way. Does it suck I am not at 800 something day right now? Hell ya. Did plan to stay sober work my first day one? no it. But I learned from each of them. I can't drive past this one particular store so I take the long way home. If I stay inside and isolate I will eventually drink. I stay in my head too much I will eventually drink. Painting to releave stress doesn't happen - do I like art? yes. Do I want to do it every day? f no. So that theory of "paint it out" went out the window lol. Anyway point is I gotta find what works for me and learn from my mistakes - but above all I am not ashamed. I keep trying and I am not giving up. Someone wrote on here something the other day and it stuck with me "I may have another drink in me but I might not have another recovery" - talk about a stab to the heart but its really true for me and kinda scared me. So that right there has been motivating me personally this week...We all fall off the wagon at some point - you are brave and strong enough to get back on &amp; that says sooooooo much about your drive determination character. You are a good person and you can do this....[High Five](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)  
Yeah I have in the past but I finally hit rock bottom where it was life or death situation soo..
I did a dance back and forth with alcohol for a while. Then I hit an earth shattering rock bottom and knew I had a decision to make. Either I was going to choose my life or choose alcohol because I knew it would end up killing me. So I just made the decision after a very bad episode and I'm about to be four months without booze. The power exists within us if we claim it.
60?! That's the fevered dream of a madman. I've barely been cracking the 2 week mark.
Have you put down on paper your goals pros and cons of drinking your finances etc.....????  If you need help Smart Recovery has a number of worksheets under the resources tab that are helpful to put things on paper for perspective.  IWNDWYT
I know this is an older post but i was wondering "how" you were taking the Naltrexone? What protocol were you following? It has an almost 80&amp;#37; success rate if it's taken correctly. But lots of docs don't know how to prescribe it. 
