-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8etbuu/last_night_i_relapsed/

I don't even know what happened. It felt like I was almost catatonic when I left work. Without even thinking I ended up at the liquor store. I bought a six-pack and a pint of liquor broke all of my post-work routines and drank it all...This morning I'm sweaty and shaky and irritable and putting off getting ready for work. I looked through my phone and I didn't too anything too terrible so the worst thing that's come out of this is the hangover and self-loathing...I'm trying not to get too down about it. I've drank once in the last two months. It happens. I just need to get back to my routines and keep taking it one day at a time.
----------immediate responses--------

Put it behind you! ..Make sure to eat something and drink tons of water etc...We are here for you!
Just accept that this is happened. You're human you've realised that you stuffed up that's why you are here writing this post. ..This hiccup doesn't change anything learn from it and move on. Today is going to be tough but take it a step at a time. Drink plenty of water if you make it to a pharmacy get some high potency vitamin B1 tablets. They really help me. ..Tomorrow you'll will wake up and think  we'll that was fucked but I got through it  ..Good luck and take care you are better than this relapse! 
Yes please don't get too down about it--you already feel sufficiently like crap so I don't think you need second helpings. Just not useful--I happen to think that drinking once in two months is pretty incredible and if there's even an inkling of compassion or forgiveness you can muster for yourself I hope you will dig it up and carry it with you today. Tomorrow's going to feel a lot better clean slate and you are better armed now than you were before even if the reasons for drinking seem elusive at the moment. You know more in your cells and bones. It will be okay because the true measure of you is here in this courage and heart: you came right back home. &lt;3
Same here. I thought I was smart about it and took special care to prevent the hangover so I'm happy about that but I do feel like a failure.
Jump back on! There is always room for one more...Take it as a valuable lesson learned and keep on going.
Counselor once told me relapses are part of recovery and the aim is to learn from it not hate yourselfetc. you can do eet!
shit happens if i quit trying to be sober then i would be killing myself slowly. that's just depressing. 
It's ok just accept this will be a crap day. But you can make it just one crap day by not drinking tomorrow. ..I've had relapses where I wake up feeling like  ew gross might as well make it a bender.  Then I realized if I tough it out I could look forward to feeling better the next morning. 
Don't beat yourself up too hard.  At least you have gone long enough being sober that not being sober feels bad.  That's a good standard to have to me.
