-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8euh4x/dating_with_less_than_a_year_of_sobriety/

I've been sober for just over 10 months. For much of this time I have regularly attended AA meetings but had not had a sponsor. A couple of weeks ago I approached a guy in a meeting that I go to and he agreed to sponsor me. We've begun to go through the Big Book together and he's asked me to attend 90 meetings in 90 days and speak to at least three AA members either in person or on the phone each day. So far so good...Meanwhile I've begun dating someone new. I like her a lot. She's also sober and has been in AA for four years. We've been out four times and have been intimate but it's still early days. But I sense that we have a connection and imagine that we'll be seeing each other for awhile...During my nightly phone call with my sponsor I mentioned to him that I've begun seeing someone. He wasn't thrilled. He said that dating in the first year of sobriety is frowned upon in AA and especially in my case because I haven't worked the steps yet. He said that one goes through a lot of changes in stepwork and that we're all much more vulnerable to relapse than we think we are. Throwing a relationship into the mix could be dangerous...I undestand what he's saying but it's so difficult to meet people that I'm extremely reluctant to end things with a woman I like simply because I'm just shy of a year's sobriety. I'm certain that stepwork will be a personal challenge and an emotional experience. It may be too much for a new relationship. Then again she's been through it before herself and could be a major source of support...I did some reading last night and found that there's nothing in AA literature about the "no dating in the first year" suggestion. There is a suggestion to not make any significant life changes such as changing jobs in the first year   but no prohibition on dating per se. I am aware of the need to avoid drastic decisions but meeting people and letting relationships develop doesn't seem to count...I want to ask this wonderful community: What do you think? I welcome your suggestions and advice. Thank you.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not like it's a law.  Some sponsors are going to be sticklers for programatic dogma more than others.  I do think it's probably a great idea not to go looking for new relationships when really just making a start on the steps but hey that ship has already sailed.  It's also probably a bonus that she's in the program as she should get a lot of what you're going through as you work the steps.  Were it me I would not end a relationship I've already started because of this.
Some people seem to think relationships don't count. Most people in AA do. But AA is a program of suggestions. My suggestion to people I work with is to not seek out a relationship. Dating is fine. If something develops one just needs to be cautious. ..My experience has been that almost every threat to my sobriety has been the result of intimate relationships. ..IWNDWYT 
I can try and chime on on this one. I have been working an AA program with a sponsor since day 5 been through my steps twice and started dating after a year of sobriety...There is no hard and fast rule and nothing in the literature would state that but its more a rule that is kinda tested and true.  There have been many relationships that come out in that first year and they simply implode.  People get really attached to each other take each other out become extremely unhealthy make the other person their sponsor pregnancy cheating jealousy break up and the emotion causes someone to relapse etc etc etc.  It just seems to be a common theme among people early in sobriety getting into really involved relationships...What he is saying is that if working the steps you will have some sort of a spiritual experience educational or otherwise.  And especially with working a 4 - 9 steps for me there was a vast difference in the way that I was looking for a woman a relationship and the way that I looked at myself and what I would bring to a relationship.  ..No doubt that she could be a source of support but that is not really what she is supposed to be there for.  As someone with 4 years and is hopefully working her own program she should understand that and that you need to do your own program first and work your steps to help find yourself.  I would say in this situation its more "looked down on" for someone with multiple years to be dating a "newcomer" with a year or less...Ultimately as long as you are working your program doing your steps and staying sober for today if your intentions with her are true to you I see no problem at all with it.  I would just suggest to keep your programs as separate as possible go to different meetings and keep on this road of happy destiny my friend.
OK I don't know anything about AA.  I've never been to a meeting or known anyone other than the folks in this group who attended.  That said the very first thing I thought when you said he frowned on you having a relationship was that this was a cult!  One thing cults do is isolate members by pressuring &amp; steering them into relationships with other cult members.  Friends &amp; associates must be cult-approved.  I think it's incredibly ballsy of your sponsor to suggest you break off a healthy relationship which yours definitely sounds like.  His suggestions is a huge red flag to me.  I'd be looking for a different sponsor because I think he crossed a line.
My sponsor met her husband when he was new to the program. They both joke now that the 13th step is their favorite one. .Honestly the job as a sponsor is to take you through the AA steps not to be your life manager. Those roles get blurred because we work with our sponsor on making amends to people in our life and navigating life sober but ultimately when they give guidance on outside issues it's just that. .Keeping programs separate like someone else here suggested is probably a really good idea but we don't get sober to live in isolation and be miserable. I was plenty good at that drunk I don't need help if that's what I'm in for. 
I love your post.It will help people for sure.If i was your sponsor id stress to you that regardless of what i or other people say you are going to do what youre going to do.My role as your sponsor is to get you through the book and the steps.You will make mistakes in your sobriety and so will I.But lets help each other to not pick up a drink or drug regardless of what happens in our relationships or job or family life.Only then do we have a chance.Good luck to you.  
This "rule" is not AA Canon and while most people will repeat it to their sponsees I'm sure less than 25% followed it themselves. I tell my sponsees this because I thought I was the exception to the rule and got a lot of heart break and yes a relapse out of it. That being said I entered into a relationship 10 months sober the second time and am now married. Relationships are hard no matter how much time you have. ..I think a better general "rule" is to wait til you have completed step 7. Steps 4-7 especially taught me more about myself and how I interact in all of my relationships. My missteps and mistakes are much less of a crisis now that I know who I am. So staying sober is not a life or death struggle if things don't go my way. ..I personally see it as her responsibility to have stayed out of the relationship assuming she has worked steps and is active in her program she should see the level of danger to you as a newcomer just starting stepwork. But that is very much my own judgement of the situation and YMMV. I wish you the best and honestly hope you are an exception. Love is great but it's a hell of a drug.
I met my girlfriend in the rooms. She had about 2.5 months I had roughly 5 months at the time give or take. Obviously VERY early sobriety. Our sponsors at the time weren't thrilled but they also knew it wasn't their job to manage our lives like another comment in here says. We kept it a secret for a while because we continued to go to the same meetings but people started to find out slowly so things got uncomfortable as the relationship got more serious. We've had many a talk about our sobriety our relationship and our feelings. Needless to say it's 7 months later and we couldn't be happier. Relationships in early sobriety can work if you put yourselves and your sobriety FIRST! We both have made that decision and you too need to remember that. Because once you put that relationship before your sobriety you lose it...But that's what worked for me. I'm not sure if I've really said anything but I hope I've said something that helps man.
I met my fiance when I had ten months sober - he had 1.5 years.  My sponsor told me it is her philosophy to go strictly by the book and it doesn't state that explicitly in the book (correct me if I'm wrong!)  Although not all sponsors feel that way.  I second the program being one of suggestions.  My fiance was a big part in me staying sober and got me more involved in AA in the first place.  It might have been a different story if I had one or two month under my belt but by ten I could take an inventory and assess where I was at-  and I was ready. 
I just don't think anything magical is going to happen in 1.5 months that suddenly makes it "okay" for you to date this girl. Yes take it slow and be careful. But I would not break it off over this come on. 
