-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8eznqq/thankful_thursday_teachers_3/

Thankful Thursday is a weekly thread where you are welcome to share what you are thankful for today. So sobernauts what are you thankful for TODAY?..This is the last of three TT posts focusing on stressful uncomfortable or triggering events. Today is post-event finding gratitude for the lessons we learn from those events...4/12 [Sufferfest](https://redd.it/8bn4pz): playing the tape forward and strategizing in advance  .4/19 [The List](https://redd.it/8d7q3w): A gratitude practice for the depths of the suck  .4/26 Teachers: Finding gratitude for the lessons learned ..#Teachers..&gt; I discovered what I now call "shadow gratitudes" -- it was about digging deep into the discomfort or pain and seeing what gift that gave me and therefore becoming grateful for both the gift and its origin. **Possibilitarian2015**..Originally I had another quote but this sentence from u/Posibilitarian2015 's post last week beautifully sums up where I wanted to go. We've prepared for an event we feared. We dug deep and got through it. Those are successes worth celebrating but we can take it further. What can we learn? Can we find the shadow gratitude for the lesson and the learning?..Finding shadow gratitudes is an important part of my plan-execute-reflect strategy for dealing with situations. The planning is really important. Good preparation means I can get through situations I was dreading in advance. Sometimes I sail through sometimes it is a struggle but I make it. The real learning and the truely long-lasting lessons come from reflection after the fact...What are some of your shadow gratitudes?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm thankful for the internet and global communication.  I am thankful for my health and family/friends. And skateboarding.
I am thankful for the lessons my abusive parents and abusive husband taught me about learning to find a sense of self-worth that is not based on how others treat me nor their opinion of me nor their judgements. I am grateful for having to learn the hard way how to make my own path in life because I treasure that inner map so much more for the fact it was hewed from such stern stuff. These are valuable things to call on in creating this next evolution of myself and navigating relationships with the unavoidable people in my life that are not the kindest or most positive of people..
I know it's a cliche around here but you guys are my main teachers in sober life. I look around at famous sober people and authors and bloggers and whatnot but cannot relate to them like I can to you all. Even and sometimes especially my non-American friends here at SD seem to understand my struggle more than anyone else. Thanks for being here as I check in each morning and as I look for camaraderie throughout the day. I have a lot to be grateful for in life but in sobriety y'all are at the top of the list. 
I think it is partly my midwestern German upbringing and my own temperament but I despise having regrets.  I look into my drinking and my shadow gratitude is that I'm thankful for it because it gave me this day the way it is made better for all the effort I put forth to get here.  ..Otherwise I'm thankful that my stomach has stopped bothering me and that my children are happy and healthy and that my husband is kind and caring and loves us all so well.  I'm thankful for my dogs chickens and baby chicks in the attic getting bigger every day.
&gt;"shadow gratitudes"..This is a great topic and an essential component of a Conscious and Purposeful life for me.  ..For me the challenge in life is not finding gratitude for the things that I "like" although that is indeed important.  It's especially the things that I "Don't Like" that offer me the most.  ..I don't learn much that is new from the things that I like.  It's instead the rough spots that provide the carborundum in the whetstone of life to hone my edge.  ..The learning and the growth in my life occur from the obstacles the *Contention* that I experience.  ..One of my goals is to recognize contention because that is a signal I am not congruent with myself or my environment.  ..I am *resisting* that which is...When I am in contention I am not in acceptance.  I am *Not* in control yet I have a responsibility to my role in the flow of life.  I have to understand my part of the partnership...The archer may aim the arrow yet must let it fly; the gardener shapes the direction of the stream but must let the water flow and irrigate; and the sailor adjusts and trims the sails but does not control the wind...The Teacher is Life for me.  Am I willing to learn?  Will I listen?  Will I pay attention?  When Life brings me things "I don't Like" then the opportunity is large.  What will I learn about myself?  Instead of screaming "No! No! No!"......   how do I find the "Yes" that is hidden inside.  The "Yes" that affirms this is Life on Life's Terms not PG's terms.  Life holds the mirror up for me to see me.  ..What will I do?  ..I aspire to find Gratitude.  Especially in those things I don't like...Then I am absent Contention.
Thankful I made it home. Thankful I didn't kill anyone. Thankful I didn't die in my sleep. Thankful I realized it's time to do something about this. Thankful I started making phone calls. Thankful for every one of you.
 Shadow gratitudes - what a great concept! It's the lessons you don't expect from a tough experience. Things like learning how to take care of my emotions and understanding what I like/what I deserve are huge awakenings. It makes me so grateful that I'm taking the effort to stay sober and that I'm getting comfortable enough in my sobriety to tell people that I've stopped drinking in casual conversation. Probably not the best way to do it but honestly I don't care at this point. It's a part of me and I'm going to own it.
I'm so thankful for how quickly things a turning around. Yesterday I was at a food bank I have a very promising job interview on Monday. No way am I blowing this..IWNDWYT 
I am thankful for getting back on the road to my true self and for liking who I see. 
Someone just said to me "Your petty tyrant is your salvation" or something like that which I loved. The things that really bug the shit out of me are my best teachers I think. They are all of a piece with the same injured root and once those things fail to upset me it will be because they pointed me toward healing of their root.
I used to work at a job that was incredibly degrading. This was about five years ago. I did it because I needed the money had zero self-esteem was an addict/alcoholic and just didn't care anymore about what happened to me. I thought I deserved to work in a kind of place like that. ..I've been thinking about that work a lot lately I'm trying to look at the experience from a place of self-compassion and not the shameful judgement that I often associate with it. ..The girl that I was when I did those things was scared abused addicted and all alone. She didn't know how else to survive. I'm working on the process of self-forgiveness. I'm not going to lie it's really really hard.. forgiving myself doesn't feel "natural" I've always had a lot of negative thoughts and have been really self-critical. ..I don't regret the things that I've done. None of the things that I have done have killed me.. I'm still here. The lesson that I learned from that particular place that I worked is the immense amount of loneliness and pain in this world that people carry around with them. For some reason my customers often confided in me these deep secrets.. after all who would I tell? I learned that we have all been hurt in life and we all carry pain inside ourselves that we hide from the world. ..My life today is incredible in ways I never could have dreamed of. No one would look at my life and ever guess the dark things from my past. I hide my pain well. Today I'm giving myself permission to be vulnerable and to have compassion for myself. I have spent my entire life judging myself and striving for perfection. I think it's time to work on cutting myself a break and allowing myself to be human. That feels like the real key to the sobriety thing for me: self-compassion. ..That was a bit rambling sorry. 
I'm thankful my drinking problem has come to light. Although I'm ashamed of my choices and actions there's more accountability now that other people are aware of my problems. Rather than hiding my problems I'm now being forced to confront them. This is also forcing me to be more honest with myself and confront other issues I have aside from drinking. I'm thankful that I still have the opportunity to be a better person. 
Thankful for my 119 days! Man I can't believe it's already been 119 days!? I'm actually aware of time right now and that's something to be thankful for too. I'm not just drunkenly existing coasting through life in a blur. I'm thankful I'm alive and cognisant of this moment! .."Boredom anger sadness or fear are not 'yours' not personal. They are conditions of the human mind. They come and go. Nothing that comes and goes is you." eckhart\_tolle
Shadow gratitude: Thinking back to my drunk days (which is not that long ago so it's still fresh in my mind) it would be closet drinker. Running to my closet and taking a nip. Who am I kidding a guzzle. Making up reasons or just sneaking off to my room to pour more poison down my throat. When my " big monster" comes calling I think back to those days and thankfully my erge to be the person I am now is so much stronger than the closet me.
I have gratitude for a few people who likely don't even realize how much their support means to me. And for this subreddit for being a guide through the moments when I feel alone.     
Thankful for 5 days! 
Today despite sometimes finding myself wallowing in wishing I could be a moderate drinker or just drink and use again I'm grateful for my strength in saying NO and not giving in to my addict mind. Sometimes those thoughts and wishes are so pervasive that I think I will relapse. The way my mind goes sometimes is scary. I don't necessarily feel at risk for drinking and using again but I don't like that deep feeling in my emotional state that I'm missing out on something. I am thankful for the fact that today I feel at ease and at peace with my sobriety.
That u/Posibilitarian2015 has some pretty great insights. I have shadow gratitude for my experience of getting sober. It's been probably the hardest and most rewarding thing I've ever done for myself. When I first started out I truly resented the fact that I couldn't drink anymore I accepted that I needed to quit drinking but I wasn't happy about it. But the process has been so much more for me than just not drinking and I feel like I've grown in so many ways because of it. I don't think I would be the person I am today without all the good and bad I've been through in this journey and so I am grateful to be where I am now what I went through to get here and all the steps along the way.
I am thankful for how I am more honest with myself and my kids by not drinking.   
I'm thankful that life always seems to be willing to give me another chance if only I commit to taking the first step.  
I am grateful for my family and this sub. Without either who knows where I would be right now.... between the exhusband and my own self-inflicting damage from drinking prob dead tbh. I am grateful for the people still in my life and the positive influences and energies they have. I am grateful for another day for the chance to improve myself and the lives of those around me. ..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I'm thankful for the last chance that Hubby gave me after he called it quits and said I'd lost him already. I'm thankful for the chance to get him back and to have him fall back in love with the me he fell in love with 16 years ago. I'm thankful for the sober times I'm having with my kids which even though I didn't realize it are way better than the drunk times. I'm thankful for Mum who's been amazingly supportive though this. I'm thankful for all of you on this sub! Thank you for your support your thoughtfulness your stories. We are amazing strong people and we all deserve to live the best life available to us...I'm thankful to be sober.
I'm thankful for my children who may be a lot of work but really do bring out the best in me. ..I'm thankful for getting kicked in the teeth and for my failures over the past few years. I've discovered how strong I am. I'm in a better place by leaving my wife. ..I was devastated by her cheating but looking back I realize it was toxic and I deserve better. I've lost my job in 2016 and again in 2017 however both were not a good fit. I've upgraded to better one that I like and am doing well at.
I am thankful for the many great teachers in my life my bosses from work that have taken the time and the chance for me to flourish in our work environment.  I'm thankful for my family and what they have taught me even if we don't speak anymore.  I'm thankful that I decided in my own mind that the sober journey is for me to walk and even when I slip up I know I'm guiding myself in the correct direction.   ..I'm thankful for a good pair of running shoes to clear my mind and I'm thankful that for all my times falling down I'm always willing to get back up and fight the good fight...I'm extremely thankful for this community where every person is treated with the upmost kindness and respect.  ..I hope you all have a fantastic evening.
I've been through a lot.  And I'm still alive.  The old saying "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger."  It really fucking sucks going through shit but it can make you stronger.
I'm thankful for the lesson that letting go is the only power I have when it comes to my loved ones who may be on a self destructive path that sometimes seems to  threaten me...The more I let go and stop trying to control them the more I hold onto my peace...And I would not have learned this if I was not put in what feels like a precarious position by them.
