-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f2ac6/four_loko_yikes/

I can't believe this drink even exists. Its equal to about 5 beers supposedly and it's sold in a can so most people will finish it in one sitting since its not resealable. I actually heard they're passing a law to make it sealable soon.  I haven't met a single friend that doesn't black out on it. Im talking dudes that can chug 16 beers in a day but have 2 Four Lokos and they lose memory for the day and act crazy. ..I know people should be more responsible  but I swear there's something about it that just realllyyy screws you up. There's literally a website dedicated to horror stories people submit.  I went to a concert last week and have zero memory of it just from 2 drinks. 80 bucks wasted on tickets $120 missing from my wallet and I heard I was calling women "bitches " in front of their bfs. I just feel immense shame. My cousin recorded me because he said I was so terrible. Naturally I refuse to watch it..I'm not violent. I dont even curse not even when friends tell me to since they know im timid and a goodie goodie. ..I'm just so sick of relapsing and turning into an asshole. I dont want to be the dude that hits his girlfriend during a blackout or burns the house down. I literally felt like I was on xanax and 1 liter of vodka for days. I know alcohol is alcohol but theres something about that nasty cheap can  that seems to do weird stuff to people. I can't even imagine how many college kids are abusing it. ..Anyone ever have an odd experience with it? .Im just dumbfounded how it messed me up for days. 
----------immediate responses--------

Oof. Never again. Even when I was drinking never again. When I was 14 we used to live off of Four Lokos. Every night I would empty my stomach and turn my toilet purple. That was back when they had the full strength Lokos which were filled with even more caffeine. ..The most bizarre thing I remember from drinking Lokos is the one time when we were in a public park (where we used to drink when we were kids) and I was THis close to taking off my pants to show some of my friends (girls and guys) what was going on down there. That's not the last time I drank a Loko unfortunately. But I feel like they are marketed to young people VERY young people as cool and fun. It's disgusting and irresponsible on their part IMO. ..Fuck Lokos
I agree that the high alcohol sweet drinks marketed to kids are a bad idea however... it does what it says on the tin. It is all about alcohol per volume. There is just more drinks in a container. In reality no different from mixing up a strong vodka or rum drink. ..Blaming a specific type of booze is something many of us with alcohol problems did. Many times I said..."I only get this fucked up on whiskey" or "I get drunker when I drink tequila". This led to many years of continued drinking for me when I switched to " quitting the hard stuff and only drinking beer so I can control my drinking". Delusional at best. ..Alcohol is alcohol is alcohol. Drink enough you get fucked up. Take good care of yourself. Quitting drinking is the best decision I ever made and you can do it too!.
I used to drink it on occasion. It was a matter of being a raging alcoholic and also trying to be cost effective about it. Most the time I was sticking to beer equivalents of a FL \(same size &amp; ABV but cheaper\) and only got Four Loko if the 7\-11 was my only option. I never had any horror stories on it specifically My m.o. had been chugging hard liquor so FL was actually a milder step down\-\-maintenance drinking...It's certainly not a drink people for people who aren't in some way desperate: no one is meant to split a Four Loko with friends for a quiet night together. Alcohol is alcohol but what we drink often determines how we drink. Four Loko was simply not designed with placid drinking in mind.
Crikey - I had to look it up never having heard of it - that is some heavy ass shit in a can. Just the nicknames are enough to scare me - "blackout in a can" and now they are marketing it in China as "lose virginity"... *shakes head* If the wormwood is still in it that would give it a very intense effect even without caffeine - an effect best avoided. wormwood is a very powerful purgative for a start.  and poisonous beyond very small and specific doses. it is a psychoactive...No wonder you had an awful experience - I hope you feel better soon and the social after-effects also sort themselves out. No darn way I'll be drinking those anytime ever with you!..
They do market high-octane alcohol at cheap prices so that everyone has the chance to hurt themselves no matter how poor. Beer companies really really really don't care. They would put crack in there if they could--loyal customer base is king.
UGH...Many years ago looooong before I realized my drinking was problematic my friends introduced me to Four Loko during bar hopping and I scoffed because it didn't look remotely menacing. This was when it first came out and was ravaging college campuses but right after the caffeine removal...My pals said it would get me wasted and I really wanted to be wasted so I drank it though it tasted terrible. I went through a can fine but once I started the second can I lost it. There was no gradual decline into drunkenness it was instantaneous fucked-up-ness. Stumbling drunken yelling drunken singing and every obnoxious drunk thing you can imagine done in the street. The hangover in the morning was not pretty...I pretty much swore it off after that night. ..Remembering this makes me appreciate this Spindrift I have next to me in the office right now.
[deleted]
Strange my buddy was prescribed here in the US about 2 or 3 years ago. He has since switched to Xanax. Maybe they outlawed it recently? His doctor was a crook so anything went with him really
Actually. This was my drink. 2-4 daily. Yuck right?..  I used it as a way to "regulate" my daily drinking(yeah right). I had more blackouts than I like to admit. As said above it wreaked havoc on my bodily systems. ..  Further more those bad boys are 1300 calories apiece. Needless to say I put on a lot of weight. 
Yesterday i dranm 2 four lokos gold (im from mexico) and after that in the bar i ordered a absolut vodka litter i didnt experience any hangover the day after and i wasnt too drunk either. Perhaps it's because im 6"2 and 210 lbs ?
