-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f3675/my_reflections_on_10_years_of_sobriety/

My sobriety date is December 9th 2007.  I have lurked on r/stopdrinking for a few months and this is my first post.  I have noticed quite a few posts from individuals struggling with their first few days weeks and months of sobriety.  My hope is that this post could help someone struggling with the decision to quit drinking or maintain sobriety.  ..From my first drink at 13 to my last drink at 33 I always knew that I drank differently than others.  I always justified my drinking because I held a good job maintained my marriage raised 4 children and was not mean or abusive in any way.  I did not drink every day very rarely drank before 5 and had no major legal issues that forced me to get sober.  The issue was that I suffered from was the disease of  more .  I always wanted more.  2 beers were never enough.  8 beers were never enough.  A half a handle of Dewars was never enough.  I was also a very heavy pot smoker.  Cocaine and pills started to creep into my life because you guessed it it was never enough.  ..I hit my bottom on December 8th 2007.  I was not put in jail I did not kill anyone I did not abuse my wife and kids.  I put myself into a very dangerous situation that required me to call for help.  I hit MY bottom.  MY bottom is different than yours.  Only YOU will know when you hit YOUR bottom...My life of sobriety started on December 9th.  What worked for me was AA.  I joined AA got a sponsor worked the steps and lived sober one day at a time.  When I reflect back I am amazed at how quickly I hit 10 years.  Here is a short list of thoughts that helped me in my sober journey...1.	I got a sponsor.  I have actually been through 3 sponsors.  Each one helped keep me accountable in their own ways.  I now have more sobriety than 2 of the 3 sponsors.  Everyone can stumble.  My current sponsor with 30 years of sobriety always tells me  You are helping me more than I am helping you ...2.	I worked the program.  Whatever program that is.  My program was AA.  Your program may be different.  Whatever program you choose go all in.  ..3.	I  nested  for about 9 months.  It took me about 9 months to start to feel comfortable in a sober social situation.  I did not go out.  I hung out with my wife and kids.  I painted bedrooms took up wood working cleaned the garage started working out.  Find a hobby...4.	I re-evaluated friendships.  The vast majority of my friends stayed with me and supported me in sobriety.  There were a few that did not.  We still see each other regularly but something is different.  I suspect it's because they may have a problem of their own.  I have helped quiet a few of them get sober.  I never judge never preach never comment.  But if someone asks me for help I'm there...5.	I worked on becoming mentally physically and spiritually fit.  Again AA was a huge help here.  I followed the program and ultimately it made me a better husband father friend employee and human.  This is still a work in progress but every day gets better...As a result of these steps I started to feel normal again.  I cannot emphasize this enough.  The difference between how I felt every day before December 9th and every day after December 9th was night and day.  I no longer felt like shit in the mornings.  I no longer had to wonder if I did anything to piss off my wife my boss or the law.  The weight of the world was lifted from my shoulders.  ..As AA says  sometimes quickly sometimes slowly .  I don't remember the exact day but very quickly after I started my journey the desire to use alcohol and drugs was removed.  There are many cheesy saying in AA but they all mean something to me.  One day at a time.  Fake it until you make it.  This too shall pass..
----------immediate responses--------

congratulations on 10 years. right now at less than two weeks in it is hard to imagine going that long without alcohol. i keep thinking forward to vacations or celebrations this summer that i will want to drink at. but as you say one day at a time. 
[removed]
Your words are very encouraging.  But I also am already looking to the future for some reason to upcoming events or environments that I know I will want to drink (vacations social gatherings etc.).  It seems that that is somewhat of a common thing for people who first start this journey.  It almost depresses me that I won't be drinking at those normal times and that it may take away from those experiences.  I know my wife will want to have ONE drink and she likes it when I drink with her.  She doesn't know about the HUGE problem that I've hidden so well for so long.  She'll be disapointed to some extent and maybe not understand.  For me I'd like to not have to ever tell her what my life has been like for the past 15 years or so.
Congrats on 10 years. That is an amazing accomplishment. I think #5 has been a huge factor for me. Alcohol took my mental physical and spiritual fitness away. Getting those back makes me feel in control again...My sober mentor has 25 years sober. The first time I tried to get sober I relapsed after about 30 days. I started to feel guilty and that I was too needy. This time around he told me- dont feel needy or guilty- You have no idea how much this helps me too. That was a pretty revealing moment for me. It also demonstrated how important it is for me to stay active in the recovery community.
Thanks for taking the time to write this. ..IWNDWYT 
