-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f7e52/struggling_in_portland/

So I actually made it 100 days and have generally found it so easy but now I'm on vacation in Portland with my boyfriend and family and I'm struggling. Boyfriend wants to go to the breweries and I was down in the beginning but now that we're out it just hit me how hard it is. I have suddenly become very sad because I feel so boring I dont really want to go out drinking all the time just watching him drink and have fun while I sit there struggling. And now he's mad at me for feeling bummed out because he wants to be able to drink and get drunk without it affecting me. He suggested I just go back to the house so he can go to the breweries alone. Why cant I just be able to drink normally so I can just live life normally? I don't know what to do. He has told me he'll be upset if I dont want to go to breweries and drinking places anymore and I just dont know if I will ever want to or if I can handle it and truly enjoy it without it being a challenge and pressure every time... I need advice.
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah here's what I decided. I'm not boring. I just don't want to drink. And for my wife that's pretty much what there is to do...So she was all like "You never want to do anything" which was totally not the case. The things I wanted to do she didn't and the things she did I didn't...I have done so much fun stuff in the time I haven't been drinking it's crazy. The key for me has been finding the people who want to do fun things that don't have to revolve around drinking.
I really really wish that I had a happy ending story for you but this is the reason that me and my (ex) boyfriend broke up. It turns out that our relationship revolved around drinking.. watching rugby in the pub wine with dinner gin tasting festivals. After I quit (the first time) he realised that he had lost his drinking buddy. ..I don't think the problem is you at all! It might be that your boyfriend is starting to think about his own drinking choices. I also thought that it was me that I was boring but I wasn't! He was boring he never wanted to do anything that didn't involve drinking in some shape or form. ..I don't know Portland at all (I'm Irish) but there must be something other than breweries that you could suggest doing? I feel your pain though being sent away like that. I wish you all the best and I will not drink with you today
That's really tough. All I can say is that for me my sobriety had to be number 1. Let him do his thing but you got to stay the path. ..Take some of the money you would blow on overpriced drinks and go to a spa yoga class excursion rent a convertible or do something that's actually fun. 
