-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f7p77/5_days_i_ruined_my_life_this_past_weekend/

I am the portrait of toxic masculinity and I finally decided after this past weekend that if I don't quit drinking I am going to do something I regret more so than I've already done. The damage I've done now is emotional and unforgivable and I can only hope it never moves beyond that. I need to tell this story somewhere so please listen and bear with me. ..Back story. This is not my first time deciding I need to quit drinking. But it is the final time. This might be long but I need to put it out there...I had a bad break up a couple years ago and I struggled to let her go. The reason we broke up was because of something I did while drunk although that was really the nail in the coffin. My drinking didn't break us up we were just incompatible and I couldn't accept that. ..I had a lot of resentment built up about how it ended that ate away at me. We tried hanging out a few times after we broke up but it didn't work out. While we were still on tenuously good terms I got drunk one night at a gallery opening on an open bar alone while I was waiting for friends. I wallflower-ed staring at my phone and decided it would be a good idea to look at her social media. I looked at her Instagram and Facebook and liked some stuff. I guess this freaked her out and she told me we couldn't talk to each other anymore. I freaked out back trying to be apologetic but she wasn't having it. ..We didn't talk again until she contacted me about finally getting all of her stuff out of my apartment. Things seemed to be okay once she came over. We got a six pack of beer I have a prepared statement and we spoke about how each of us was feeling and how things needed to proceed. We were part of the same social / professional circle so boundaries had to be explicit. ..And that was that. Ultimately what happened though was a sense of resentment built up in my head about how the meeting went and I thought she had treated me poorly. The thing about us was that were both kind of dicks to each other towards the end and I felt she wasn't taking enough responsibility for how she behaved towards me foisting it all upon me. I should have realized it didn't matter one way or another at that point but ultimately I exploited that reality to justify an increased sense of anger towards her. ..About a month or so later my friend and I had a joint birthday at a bar and I probably had more drinks in one night than I have ever had before. People were buying me drinks at such a rate that I was carrying three bottles of beer and downing shots faster than I could count. I rarely drink like this. Even when I was younger I never drank like this. In my drunkenness I decided it would be a good idea to text my Ex reminding her it was my birthday. When she didn't respond I texted what I thought was "fuck your selfishness" but turned out to be to my horror in the morning "fuck yourself" although more poorly spelled. ..I also had posted this long diatribe on Facebook about the city I was living in the attitudes of those around me telling friends to fuck off. This whole bloody affair. It was so negative and so dark and so ugly. I had a problem with oversharing this way on Facebook constantly spouting off the darkest deepest emotions much to the chagrin of all my friends. People would always reach out but I would rebuff their efforts. People texted me the next day to make sure I was okay. ..This was the first time I realized I had a problem. I usually relegated my drinking to weekends and I could often just have one or two drinks on a week night and be okay but my problem was in certain contexts it was way too easy for me to over drink and become emotionally destructive in a way I could not control. It was very Dr. Jekyll / Mr. Hyde. I would wake up the next morning horrified by what I had done and not being able to grasp I could have done it at all. ..I immediately quit drinking. It was super easy for me. I had one friend who had gone through AA and who was also a recovering heroin addict who invited me to go to meetings. I went to a few but I felt like I never fit in. I stopped going. I rationalized that my problem wasn't alcohol there was just damaged in some other emotional way that drinking was exacerbating. I had friends who reinforced this notion. In all I quit drinking for eight months and it was incredible. I felt great about myself. ..One thing I need to say here because I don't know where else to say it: I am active on social media especially Twitter and so is she. We both used it in a professional capacity because we both worked in media. My personal and professional blurred a lot and I was never good at holding my tongue when it came to my thoughts about relationships and love and romance particularly in the 21st century in an information and technology saturated world. My dark moods would also bleed into it there and often I would have strong opinions about the place I was living how people relate to or don't relate to one another. I never referred to her directly but I always wondered if she took personally how I spoke on these subjects. I was very open about my emotions an when I was going through things and how I was coping but I made sure to keep it about me and nobody else. ..Fast forward to May I felt like I had to apologize to my Ex about the texts I sent her on my birthday. I apologized told her I got sober congratulated her about something I knew had happened recently in her life. She didn't respond. A few days later I found a bag of the last of my stuff outside of my apartment with my name on it. ..I was livid that she would just leave it there out in the open in front of my building like that. I emailed her again saying she could have given it to a friend or something. She responded saying she was moving fast because she was moving and didn't have time to do it any other way. She told me not to contact her again unless it was necessary. ..At that point I decided I had to move. I couldn't be in the place I was anymore. I needed to move to a new city and start a new life. I was too burnt out where I was and I wanted to hit the reset button and be better. Before I moved I sent one last email to my ex outlining my final thoughts and saying goodbye forever. I was done I was gone I didn't care anymore. ..I stayed sober until I moved. February to October. I moved to the new city in November with a brief stay with my parents. I decided once I was in this new city my emotional triggers were all gone and I didn't have to worry anymore. I eased into it and I felt good. I had myself under control. I had severed all ties with my old life and friends. Unfollowed them all from social media. Made it so they couldn't see my posts on Facebook. I was hidden and away. Eventually I locked everything down and made it all private and forced unfollowed anyone who had the slightest close relationship with my ex. ..Fast forward to last month March. She sends me this paragraph long email yelling at me saying she hates me never wants to be friends with me thinks I am dumb invoking Me Too and that if I see her at any events ever I better not try talking to her. She said she would take drastic measures if I ever try contacting her again. ..I was so floored by this because it came almost six months after I had last contacted her after I moved and after I started a new life. I sent me spiraling. I did get drunk and get depressed but I had no compulsion to respond in anyway whatsoever. There was nothing I could do. It was completely out of my control. ..I was fine. Until this weekend. I went to something in NYC and stayed with a couple who were mutual friends. Every thing was fine and it was wonderful catching up with them. I had reached out after the email because I felt like I needed to reconnect with someone anyone from my old life. Just to reaffirm that I still had friends in New York that cared about me. ..While staying with them I met up with another friend to go to an event that had an open bar. I could not have had more than four beers and a small thimble sized sample of whiskey and yet half the rest of the day is a blur or gone from my memory. I remember flashes and I remember the wanton attitude it awoke. I was about to go on a scorched earth path of destruction and I didn't care about the consequences. I responded to her email with I think three of my own all antagonistic. I got into a fight with a friend but it was nothing too severe that an apology didn't fix the next day. ..But the next day I was so horrified so sickened by what I had done. I had no interest in responding to it. I was done I knew there was nothing I could do. So why the fuck did I respond? So scared of myself. So scared for my ex over what I had done that my whole world just fell away from me and I was just in a void. I knew at that point everything was just gone. This was the final straw. It was all over for my old life in New York. ..Not just that but when I got back home I emailed my friends I stayed with and they were horrified by what I had done and told me I needed professional help and emailed me like it was a last goodbye. ..Two of my best friends are women and one of them still isn't sure she can continue talking to me and I haven't heard from her since Sunday and another one was saying I was nearing the behavior of an abuser. ..I decided Sunday that i had to quit drinking permanently. That I am a danger to others when I drink. That I am emotionally abusive when I drink. That I do things I regret the next day. That some monster that lays dormant in my brain is awaken when I drink. That i hate that that monster is in me and that I hate that I can't control him once he is let loose. ..I'm not even sure if I have seen what the real world repercussions of my actions will be yet. She should take a restraining order out on me. ..I didn't take seriously the fact that I am an alcoholic the first time I went sober. I am now. I am an alcoholic. Since Monday I have gone to a meeting everyday. I went to 3 on Tuesday. I've already met and exchanged numbers with several people who are still texting me and asking me how I am doing. I am hearing stories that resonate with me for the first time. I am sharing for the first time and people are letting me know I can get better. I don't want to be that person. For the sake of all those around me I don't want to be that person. For my own well-being I don't want to be that person. ..I want to be healthy and sober and happy for once in my life. I hate that I had to hit this rock of a bottom to finally decide that I needed to change myself. That I had to scare another human being so much before I realized how scary and damaged I really am. ..I'm sorry this is so long. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing. I read all of it. I know how good it can feel to get things off of your chest. Glad you are here and taking this thing seriously. 
Take it easy bro. Hitting rock bottom is both bad and good like making a big mistake and learning from it. 5 days sober is in itself a solid accomplishment.
I read it all.  No problem with it being long. Things can get better.  A breakup caused my "bad" period that never ended.  I was horrible.  I wasted a lot of productive time and years.  I lost friends.  Lots of shit messages some posts and shit texts.  Years later I just view it as a fucking waste.  ..I'm currently on no social media.  It's pretty great.  I understand if this is hard to do if you need it for your professional life but its fine if you miss out on the conversation for just a bit...even if its about you for a few days depending on who is posting what.  ..I got comfortable with the fact that I am never going to reconcile with some people who I cared about.  Not just exes \(which is for the best\) but good friends.  This applied to missing weddings funerals and the like.  Even the death of a good friend didn't drive me to stray from my plan.  It's honestly for the best. ..I stick to staying sober for today and so I can be ready for what comes tomorrow.  I can't control what other people do or say but I can control my actions.  So if an old friend has a bad night and wants to tell people about one of the many shit things I did 3\-5 years ago then I can't change that...And shit can always get worse if I do decide to drink. 
You are not alone.  Not even a little.  Stick with it and lean on the rest of us.  We are you.  IWNDWYT!..
Gosh it was like you read my mind when you Wrote that! .Every time I would drink and wake up next morning I would be terrified to look at my phone. The anxiety of it was awful. Here's to us stopping the drunk monster that comes out with booze. .But I have to say your ex sounds like a total drama queen. So that maybe another monster you don't need  
[removed]
Ah my friend you are so not alone in this. I have done and said some horrible horrible things while drunk. Lost a career. Lost many friends. But you know what? Life today is better than it ever was when I was drinking. I don't do those things anymore. Turns out I'm not a horrible person! I think you might find the same about yourself. You are not a bad person. You will be okay...Thank you for sharing your story. I will not drink with you today!
I find it admirable that you are working on engaging with the ugly parts of you (especially the toxic male version) that come out with alcohol. That takes courage. It's easy and tempting to double down on shit like that (and we all have our shitty stuff) when we feel vulnerable or under threat. ..I hope the best for you in working towards being a more genuine version of yourself and having the freedom of not having that poisonous shame and horror of waking up hungover and knowing you've likely been your worst self. You will regain your own respect quicker than you think if you let yourself and are open to understanding what alcohol does to (some of) us. 
That was a gripping read and I did read it start to finish. It's always fascinating to hear stories of the endless variations of how alcohol operates in concert with our personalities our worldviews our intelligence our insecurities and beyond. But those stories always seem have a few common themes and outcomes you know?..Good for you for doing honest self-reflection. That takes a lot of courage and humility. The change will be worth it.
Thank you for sharing... I can relate to so much of this. I had to delete instagram and deactivate Facebook because of my lashing out and irrational drunken behavior. That feeling the day after a crazy emotional drunken night is the worst. But as I keep telling myself we can beat this. Keep fighting the good fight sobriety is a blessing.
Stay strong man. I felt the same way after many reckless alcohol fueled fuckups. Time will pass. It gets better. You've done it before. Don't drink. I've got the same monster in me too. Can't go there. Ever. 
That kind of self-realization takes a ton of emotional balls. Way to go. Way to recognize a toxic behavior and then take the steps to fix it. Shed the toxicity and shed toxic people. You sound like you're well on your way. Remember to be kind to yourself. We've all done things we can't stand. I still cringe at my worst moments  but I also use them as motivational tool. They are a reminder of why everyday when I wake up I choose not to drink. IWNDWYT! 
Thank you for sharing this...You know I'm a happy giggly drunk. I throw up and pass out and do stupid stuff but I was always  funny  and  giddy  when drunk...Except for near the end. I said things to my significant other that I am HORRIFIED by. Sober I would of NEVER said them. It wasn't me and I know this. You know this isn't you. It's the alcohol. Cunning and baffling...I'm happy you got to a bunch of meetings. Keep going. You reminded me I need to go today because the worst place for ME is complacency...I want to thank you again for sharing. I had an ex BF who was an alcoholic and verbally abusive. He was super nice when sober. Alcohol totally overtook him when he drank. So I understand. I don't know what exactly was said. But reading your story it hit home with me. I understand what it's like to be on both sides (dating the alcoholic and BEING the alcoholic.)..I know it's hard to see but all of this pain sadness guilt...it's for a reason. If you're in AA you will begin to see how these things inevitably make you stronger and lend the tools for you to deal with life on life's terms. This will make you stronger!..Hang in there and IWNDWTY!
Thanks for sharing.  This was me in my early 20s...texting calling emailing talking to people when I was drunk and they were sober / relatively sober.  The answer for way too many years was to drink in isolation.  IWNDWYT
First of all congratulations on quitting. Secondly congratulations on knowing that it's mainly the alcohol amplifying and uncovering these things that most people keep a lid on!..I'm not sure about "toxic masculinity" though. You just seem like an angry and open drunk which both sexes can be. Also not sure why this person who insisted on not responding to you even during moving coordination even for bare minimum issues like leaving your stuff out in the open decided to prod you with a paragraph long email berating you...Do you have any really close guy friends or is it just the women like you said? Would be good for you perspective wise. Not really sure without more information that I would call you an "abuser" unless you hit someone. You're an angry no filter drunk that sends stupid shit over social media. It's pretty simple. ..I would really really stay away from social media. The way you explained all of this reminds me of how I see people I care about treat it and how I used to treat it. Twitter is bad for you. ESPECIALLY you trying to restart you life. "Unfollowing" and locking stuff down really doesn't fix anything especially with the insanely creepy people suggestion algorithm across all platforms. ..Humans weren't meant to have an outlet to fart out every single thought that enters their head for the dopamine rush to see how many "likes" or "retweets" it got. It just isn't normal...My advice is number one stop beating yourself up. You're not a "toxic masculine dude bro" as some of these people would like to label you. You /probably/ did nothing to warrant the #metoo invocation...Walk AWAY from these people and social media. They feed off of ACTUAL toxic behavior and absolutely love drama and gossip and this can completely mind fuck you if you keep obsessively checking it and looking at what they are saying. ..I venture to say that she even emailed you after six months of no contact because she wanted to draw you back into this conflict...Get a 4x4. Go hiking. Go outside. Meet people who aren't involved in the tech industry. I feel strongly that this is what you need and will help you in recovery
