-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8f8uin/late_30s_wife_and_mother/

I've been going two years of daily drinking but 15 years of weekends and some weeknights drinking before that. I didn't notice my drinking until the last couple of years though. Never paid a bit of attention or was concerned. Not until it was daily. And I felt I had to start hiding it from my husband. If he asked I wouldn't lie. So I had to make sure he wouldn't ask. I've learned how to look sober when drinking. After getting to this point I noticed it because it felt wrong for once. I have kids. I loved pregnancy and nursing. But I struggle big with anxiety. And I married a perfectionist. I have to do it right. If not for me for my wonderful children. I want the booze out of the house. I want them to see alcohol as what it really is...a poison. Not something adults drink and they will get to one day because it's so  cool . I know I need help. I don't want to hide anymore. I've come to a point where if I don't have at least one drink at night I won't be able to sleep at all. So that fear makes me drink. I know that my thoughts are irrational. I know I can do this. I'm a loved wife. And loved mother. Why did I let it get to this point? 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone. Also a wife and mother here who deals with anxiety. Love my kids so much need to do better for them. I'm on day 3...I won't drink with you today.
Definitely not alone. I'm in a similar situation. It took losing everything then getting one last chance (if we can still make things work) to smarten me up. I'm just wrapping up day 10 &amp; it's been tough. But so worth it. .Stick with it Mama! You got this! There's a few of us recovering Mamas here. We can all lean on each other &amp; the other wonderful people on this sub to make a change &amp; stick with it. .You are not alone &amp; I will not drink with you today. 
Similar situation for me too. Wife and mother. Also in my late 30's. My husband doesn't have any glaring problems like I do. I'm struggling but determined to get better. You're definitely not alone here.
Thank y'all for sharing. It's desperately lonely and frightening. I've got to be strong for more people than just myself. 
Hey Bede. You're not alone in this situation.  I've been reading like crazy drinking gallons of soft drinks and sleeping a lot. Anything to stop the nag of the  wine witch . Working so far. Good luck to you     
Check out the resources linksd on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit ..AA and Women For Sobriety are the only ones I am familiar with. AA has women only meetings as well. . .You are in a good place. Speaking up and asking for help is a great first step. 
Your situation is a lot more common than you might think!..The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....I also enjoyed the blog '*Mrs D Is Going Without*' written by a Mum who found herself with a hefty wine habit then gave up and wrote about the experience... it's really well written!..I too used alcohol for anxiety and sleep with the net result of worse sleep and worse anxiety in the end......Hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing?..I won't drink with you today ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
