-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fazmx/i_think_its_time_for_me_to_introduce_myself_first/

I've been a lurker on this sub for a little while and have spent many years struggling with alcohol in addition to other drugs. I wanted to say hi today because I need some community and help - I've made a lot of progress on my own but I've tried to go down this road alone and I know how hard it is. ..Quick background: I'm in my late twenties and for the past twelve years I've been addicted to alcohol pot and prescription drugs. Daily chronic use. Two years ago it all came crashing down and I lost my job my significant other my friends and my mental health. I spent a lot of time seeing therapists and psychiatrists (until I ran out of money) and though things moderately improved it wasn't until I started educating myself on these drugs and alternative forms of healing that I really started to see change...Where I'm at now: I've gone 4 days without alcohol or any other drug. I've had longer streaks before but these days it feels like I'm doing it for the right reasons (for me) and it just feels different. I'm finishing up This Naked Mind (thanks for the suggestion!) today and something compelled me to post to this community. For the past month or so my alcohol consumption has drastically decreased and now I want to stop for good. Like many of you I can't count the number of times I've tried to stop and that's part of the reason I'm posting here today - to try something new...I'm on the verge of getting a new job (fingers crossed) but for the time being I'm a bartender. Being around alcohol constantly is a double edged sword. On the surface it seems like the temptation to drink would be overwhelming. And it was for a long long time with me. But once I took a step back and looked at how alcohol affected people it became clear I wanted no part of it: the regulars who drink everyday look like the unhappiest people I've met and other staff that has to drink just to get through their shifts look equally miserable. I don't know maybe working in a bar was the best thing that ever happened to me. It exposed the truths about alcohol on a daily basis. However it's still a struggle sometimes to make it through the day without drinking there especially when I'm stressed out or in a bad mood. I need to leave one way or another...But on the bright side I've never felt better and happier and more confident than when I don't drink. For the first time in memory I'm excited for the future. I exercise more I read more I meditate I eat healthier etc. when I don't drink. Being in control and stable throughout the day is incredible but I know this new(ish) feeling of not drinking will fade and that's why I'm here today. I don't want to forget how it feels and that requires me to write it down. Thanks for reading...I Will Not Drink With You Today!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome....your post was lovely to read and it reminds me why i dont ever want to revisit Day 1 again.(these reminders are important as the brain has a great knack of making us forget) ...Congrats on day 4...and the best of luck with the potential new job...everything is crossed....
Long but good read. I am also on day4. I hope we both keep strong and focused. IWNDWYT
Congrats on 4 days JBone!..Great to meet ya - hope to be seeing a lot more of you :).
Welcome aboard Jbone.The view from the outside is real and it ain't pretty.It is alot easier to abstain when we see the true nature of alcohol.It is still tough at times but life without it is so much better.I will not drink with you today.
Great post and congrats on 4 days sober and drug free...I am on day 16 and let me say... It does get better the longer I go...Have a great weekend and look forward to more of your posts...IWNDWYT  
you're one day ahead of me - lets keep it that way ;) . you are doing great and hope the new job comes good. IWNDWYT.
Congratulations on being so smart. I waited. For a loong time. This is my 2nd time back I had 7 months before I blew it..Anyway I'm pretty much right where you are now. Feeling good hopeful bright. I don't want to forget the absolute wretchedness. The fear the pain that unending thirst. It's always right there waiting for me to get complacent and slip up..It won't get me again..IWNDWYT! 
I too was a bartender for a long time. Initially it was my playground that fueled my addiction but then after I started cutting back on booze it became one of the catalysts for my sobriety. Seeing people day in and day out staying all day no life or friends outside the bar same drinks same food same conversation then eventually drink too much and end up getting in a fight or just having a bad time. I just didn't want to be like that. I didnt want to waste anymore time anymore money. .I'm so glad I'm sober now and don't deal with that environment anymore and hope to never go back to bartending although sometimes the call of quick cash beckons me. I don't even have a desire to drink anymore which is the greates freedom ever. I was considered the perennial party girl and had closely associated booze with my persona so if I can do a 180 anyone can! Iwndwyt!  
Hello   glad to have you with us!
Hey there u/JBone23! Welcome to SD. You now have over 100000 new friends! Put us to good use please.
Welcome!..I had similar feelings when I quit this time. The last few times I tried to quit I felt like I was missing out because I wasn't drinking. This time I see alcohol for what it truly is a toxic substance.
Congratulations on your 5th day! You seem to be taking the right steps aside from working in a bar unless you truely believe that outlook helped. Your doing way better than me on any day 5 I've had. Im always a nervous wreck struggling not to grab my keys and go to the store but you make it sound like you got this. I'm hopeful for you and IWNDWYT.
I'm also a bartender and had a very similar realization as you did! The amount of time some people waste at the bar I work at is more than the hours I spend working there each week haha. 
Glad to have you here and super glad you're making positive steps in your life. Good luck on getting the new job and I hope to see you around SD! I will not drink with you today
Congrats! A lot of people think alcoholics are only old people but we know the truth. I got sober when I was 25 and am now 28. It's a weird world being in your twenties and fighting these demons. Great work and reach out if you ever wanna talk 
Well done. You can do this. Alternative strategies surrounding yourself with the right people and this sub helps immensely. IWNDWYT
Ill be 48 next month i wish i would have known what we know now. It sounds like reading the naked mind opened your eyes to a few things. I know it did mine. And good luck on getting a new job iwndwyt
