-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fbcbt/hey_guys_could_use_some_encouragement/

I've been going through some tough stuff in my life lately. Break up new place family struggles etc. On top of that this week I've come down with a pretty nasty cold that's left me down in the dumps. Missed my SMART meeting this week and I definitely feel it. Figured I'd hop on here for some Recovery related talk in my life!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You definitely came to the right place.. have you found the Saturday Shares or the Sunday Solutions yet?  IWNDWYT 
Hi...Im sorry to hear your being hit all at once with some tough stuff.. Is there a local AA meeting around your new place even to stop by and say hello and get a few contacts?  Can you incorporate a 10 minute walk into your day to help clear the head...Its tough times like this that i'm thankful i found this sub and the IRC chatroom... 
Sending you some hugs.  Thanks for coming on and sharing. Good to know we're never alone and we all struggle at some point. You'll get through it you have a strength that only us sober peeps truly understand.
You are doing great. As you already know a drink wouldn't make any of those struggles any better. IWNDWYT.
Is there something new you've been meaning to experience or somewhere you've wanted to visit? Maybe you could focus on that to get you pumped up and dreaming about it??? I desperately want to take a road trip across the US with my kids before they become 100% teenage buttheads and spent a good chunk of last night researching the options to keep my mind from focusing on the yuck. I pray you feel better quickly and IWNDWYT.
Hi there! Yeah being sober doesn't prevent life from happening does it? Have you had a chance to get some feel good endorphins through exercise? How about 10 minutes of meditation to help with observing and not reacting to one's feelings? I'm saying this to me as much as to you. I'm currently about to go into a difficult situation myself and need to stay on top of using the tools that help me. What kinds of tools help you navigate difficult situations? I'm sorry that things are feeling rough right now. You have all of my support! I will not drink with you today.
Congratulations on 647 days! That is quite an achievement seriously. I know how it goes as far as pain and tribulations in sobriety. They're easier to deal with than when drinking but they still suck. This too shall pass for sure but it sucks now! Some of the healthier tools I use: yoga podcasts reading walk journal writing sauna hot shower text with a friend peruse SD art read the SMART handbook and do some exercises... Sometimes it's trial and error. Let me try something and see if it helps. Nope let me try something else.
Baby steps got you to this point and baby steps will see you through. One thing at a time. I used this sub to sort out some thoughts not too long ago and it really helped. Have a good day!
Sorry you're going through all that! Any good things in your life lately? (Besides the insanely inspiring 647 days of sobriety!!)
This place is a godsend.  Read be inspired engage.  How are you feeling now?..IWNDWYT!
Thanks for all of the responses guys! I really appreciate the support!! At work now. Will get back to you after I get off. 
