-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fbxc8/6days_in_but_not_really_by_choicebut_i_gotta_just/

So I posted in TIFU about how I failed a UA for a job my po lined me up with. I have to meet with her today at 9am. Might go to jail. After I relapsed on 420 n also blacked out n apparently partook in festivities..but I haven't drank since that day. It sucks because when asked my drug of choice no matter what deep down it's alcohol (if u consider it a drug I think so) this is the longest time I've went without a drop since being locked up (8months(2012)) other than that I've drank just about everyday since HS... what are some strategies to fight the urge..might be forced to continue to be sober once I go see her today. I kinda don't wanna go but I can't run from my problems... I lost everything a supervisor position apartment friends trust from family etc... But I still keep going back to drinking. It's like I don't feel right if I don't indulge I know I sound fuckin stupid but that's how I feel. My mom broke down and begged me to quit a million times or get help breaks my heart Everytime and you would think I'd quit for a few days nope I just drown it out...idk what to do I just fail every time...I have a 4yr degree from University but can't get a decent job cuz of my bg. I feel hopeless...any advice  strategies how should I approach po without digging myself deeper..Depending on what she says maybe get another chance or jail so most likely IWNDWYT .
----------immediate responses--------

It's not stupid that you can't stop...it's why we are all here. Alcohol is addictive and breaking the cycle of addiction is tough. ..I found that reading the sidebar into about this sub reddit Forum was a great help. Lots of good books and resources to help start me on the right track...Also getting lots of sleep going to see a therapist and learning to (try an) stop hating myself were key to helping me not feel like I want to drink. Oh...and learning good stress management skills (like meditating and exercise) has also been amazingly helpful...Don't give up before you even start. :) a better life is waiting for you without alcohol. Takes some work to get these but it does exist.    ..I will not drink with you today!
Get a therapist and start working on yourself. The easier it is to find happiness in life no matter what and the easier it becomes to be able to deal with strong emotions of sadness joy fear anxiety the less the desire to drink will be there. It might always be there but should be less.
Start to identify the underlying issues that led you to drinking in the first place. Often its less of a  drink  problem and more of a  me  problem. If you find whats bothering you &amp; actively work to change it &amp; develop a new outlook you will find it much easier to not drink. Take it slow &amp; easy though this stuff takes time to work on.
Ahhhhh After 4 months i've found my place here 
