-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fc12a/april_27_a_very_special_day_to_me/

This sub saves lives. I would not have remained sober for 365 CONSECUTIVE motherfucking days without this amazing place. Thank YOU for being part of it. ...If you are just beginning your journey or struggling with it let me just say this:...If this fucking idiot can be sober for a year ANYBODY can fucking do it. Trust me. ...Now I'm off to celebrate. I might just bake a goddamn cake something else I've never done. Wish me luck with that. ...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Bake the shit out of that cake kid. You deserve it!! 
I am thrilled for you. Great job.
One year is amazing! Congrats! .I'm just starting my sober journey but this sub has helped me stay sober for 10 whole days &amp; is helping me to hopefully get my relationship back. .IWNDWYT 
Amazing you deserve that goddamn cake! I will not be drinking with you this evening.
Congrats on 1 year!..Best to you today!!!..IWNDWYT  
Yay! Good on you! Bake like your hair is on fire...And IWNDWYT
So empowering! What an awesome thing to hear!.Congratulations mate!..IWNDWYT 
:) Congratulations. If there were ever an occasion for cake this is it!
Congrats on a whole year.  I could not have done this without this SD it has been a life saver for me checking on here every day to keep me motivated.  You should be so proud!  Hope your cake turns out well !  I will not drink with  you today
I will eat cake with you today! 
Congratulations! Nothing tastes as good as a victory cake of your own baking :)
Great muthafuckin' job OP!
    go you! Enjoy the hell out of that cake! Inspiring post! Happy to not drink with you today  
I want a picture of this cake you speak of lol. ...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) my friend and congrats on the motherfucking 365 consecutive days!!!!!
You inspire me!
Yay!!!! Congratulations!! You inspire me!!!
Great Job! Cake sounds like a grand idea for such an occasion. 
congrats.
I'm right behind you!! Congrats on one year! 
Happy sober circle around the sun!  
Woo-Hoo!  Congrats on a year.  Here's to doing things you've never done.  Cheers!
Amazing! Soooooo happy for you    
Congrats and thanks for sharing!  This post made me laugh out loud!  IWNDWYT 
Way to go man. Keep it up!
Love the energy in this post! IWNDWYT!!!
Wow very nice job on a year what a great milestone!  Thanks for the reassurance for people starting out always helpful to hear from my perspective. 
Way to go! 
This sub not only saves lives but it changes lives for the better. Your year is a tremendous achievement: wellmotherfuckingdone!.. 
Great job and nice work. Keep your eye on the prize!!
AWESOME! Way to go and enjoy your goddamn cake!
Good job congrats!
Cake! Cake! Cake! Cake! Cake!.gz on one year! 
[removed]
Nice....to the point. 
Stoked to hear that you've hit the year mark that's awesome!  I'm on day 2 but it's great to hear success stories! 
What a fantastic achievement well done to you!!.IWNDWYT
Hell yeah!!  Congrats to you friend.  IWNDWYT
Bake the cake! Bake the cake! Bake the cake!
Congratulations! This is a HUGE milestone. People like you help those of us in our early days on this road keep moving forward. IWNDWYT!!
This post is awesome  you put a smile on my face on this shitty day and you are a fucking inspiration to me    . Congratulations!       
YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!!..Bake that cake! Do eeeet! Congrats! IWNDWYT
Thats awesome dude. I'll send you good cake vibes.
That is AMAZING!! Congratulations &lt;3
This post made me laugh. Especially the comments like  Bake the shit outta that cake  and  Bake like your hair is on fire. .Thanks for sharing OP and congrats on one year..
Good shit. What a huge accomplishment. I wanna be an idiot like you some day. IWNDWYT
"If this fucking idiot can be sober for a year ANYBODY can fucking do it. Trust me."..Hahaha amazing. CONGRATULATIONS ON ONE YEAR!!! Fuck yea!
Fuck yeah congrats!!! April 23rd was mine! Funny that we have pretty much been going through this journey together this past year and didn't know it. 
Amazing milestone! Congrats. ..IWNDWYT
Congratulations!!! You're amazing!! 
You did it! Congratulations. 
Good for you. I'm proud of  you
Whoo Hooo!!  That's fantastic!  So happy for you!  I'm only at day 42 but it feels great!  IWNDWYT!
  Congratulations. I am another who would certainly not have 2+ years of sobriety without the help of this sub.  This sub saves lives - I never thought of it like that.  
Congrats. Keep up the good work. IWNDWYT 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1gfZwejPv8..:)! IWNDWYT Congrats! 
Hell yeah!  Congrats.  You're killin' it.
