-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8felmh/day_5_longest_ive_been_sober_for_the_longest_in/

So I've been here a few times each time failing and relapsing being it for going to a club or just doing dumb young uni shit. But you know what that part of my life is over. I am fucking enjoying sobriety as shit as it is. I'm sick of friends treating me like a delicate piece of shit I'm sick of people worrying about me when before I labelled myself as an alcoholic they used to laugh because I was usually not a shitty drunk. I'm sick of having random shakes in a seminar. I'm sick of not being able to focus on my essays or exams because sobriety is my priority at the moment. I'm sick of having built up a reputation that when I walk into a party with soda people look at me funny. When people see me they make alkie and stoner jokes but those have happened since I was fifteen so I don't even bother anymore. I'm sick of people asking and suspecting what went wrong. The weirdest one I got "are you one of those people who does tons of drugs but doesn't drink." Yeah I fucking do drugs but it's been a couple weeks and that's been the longest in over a year. This is the longest I haven't drunk since the first day of university. It sucks that when I first said I had a problem people tried to one-up me when none of them had spliff and a beer for breakfast and definitely not half a bottle of gin to go to bed. When they get drunk I don't need that I love you you're so brave I support you you're amazing. Just shut the fuck up and listen to me maybe come out for a film or coffee with me. Maybe hit up a sheesha bar with me instead of the same pub every fucking night with the same fucking Somersby. I will come with you to a club sober but more than once a couple of weeks is too much for me right now. This rant will go on forever so let me just get to the point..I love sobriety. I'm never going back. I see the benefits and I'd be at rock bottom very soon with the quantity I was drinking and dead a little further along the line. I was chilling at /r/cripplingalcoholism for a while and don't give me shit about it I've been a drunk since I was fourteen. I had one of the most productive days of my life I was up at 6 I had myself a nice breakfast went to workshops I didn't even need to show up to I got comments from my personal tutor that something was different about me. I went to my seminar (had a panic attack still sat through it) had an executive meeting felt like absolute shit and rock climbed for 90 minutes and guess what it didn't help. I hate what alcohol has done to my brain that none of this shit I'm fucking blessed to be doing and good at satisfies me. Why not spend the weekend with two bottles of gin some spliff and throw in a tab of acid for banter? All I know is that the day's almost over and so will the next and so will the next and eventually that badge counter is gonna hit 7 then 30 then 90 then it won't ever go down. Thanks /r/stopdrinking I've given you nothing but absolute shit as an arrogant teenager but secretely I've stalked you since I was sixteen wishing I hit rock bottom so that I could become one of you. And now here I am feeling like absolute shit about the mess my life is yet the longest stint of sobriety since atleast a year I can't even remember for sure my life is such a blur. Thanks I guess I have no idea what the point of this post even was 
----------immediate responses--------

Glad to see you back matey!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I can't relate to what you're going through now as an 18 year old getting sober but I do have mad respect for you! I wish I had done it when I was 18 but I'm 31 now and there's no going back.  Also (just finishing) day 5 here hope to see you back tomorrow for day 6! 
Every failed attempt to quit is motivation to go through with it.
