-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fg41e/i_cant_believe/

That after all of the guilt and *extreme* anxiety I endured after my very recent relapse I was still tempted to buy wine at the grocery store! My husband was outside in the car waiting for me so I would have had to hide it at the bottom of the bag. As risky as that is I still went back to the wine aisle TWICE to stare at the bottles...Then I turned around and there was a wall of La Croix. Since I know how popular it is here it reminded me of SD and I grabbed a package of blackberry cucumber and moved on. When I got home I had no anxiety when my husband reached out to carry the bag of groceries for me. ..I barely made it but IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! Great job! Next time will be even easier :)
Congratulations!  The grocery store is tough at the beginning.  It will get easier.  Best wishes to you!
That was tough and you did great! IWNDWYT 
A suggestion for next time you visit the store get yourself a treat or two. You deserve it for what you are doing- and can afford it cause you aren't buying booze!
Excellent job staying strong! I raise my Poland Spring sparkling water to you!.
Awesome! LaCroix to the rescue! I'm tipping my glass of sparkling Perrier water (splurge) to you!
Thanks! It's all of your support that really helped me. Instead of the "reward" being a bottle of wine I get to post here that I was successful. It makes a huge difference being here.
Gets easier but it'll probably get a little harder first...you're doing awesome!!..IWNDWYT    
I'm seven cans of safeway bubbly water deep right now #friday
Can I just say that there are some awesome ginger beers and ginger ales out there.  The ginger is incredible
Good Job. 
That's my favorite flavor! I was a Canada dry girl until I found that flavor yummm...Good job not buying any alcohol. 
Barely making it is *still making it!*  I won't drink with you today either
I do think that enjoyable soft drinks is part of the solution...I hope you are proud of yourself? Your willpower muscle is getting strong.
