-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fh1x4/reflection_on_aviciis_death_and_my_own_mortality/

Avicii's death has made me reflective. I usually find it tragic when an artist I'm fond of dies but Avicii's death his hit home in a deeper way because of how his story and his music are interwoven into parts of my own story. ..I remember the exact moment I heard about him. In high school I had a friendship based almost entirely on shared taste in music. My friend turned around in his desk in front of me in AP US History class and told me  You have to check out this guy Avicii.  ..I listened to his music for the first time on YouTube that night after school. It doesn't matter what mood I'm in before turning it on I can't help but be happy when I listen to Avicii. I remember screaming along to Levels in the car in high school on Friday nights on the way to parties with friends. Then in my freshman year of college I entered the darkest time of my life I had experienced yet. It wasn't long at all until the line between hard partying and alcoholism began to blur but I was too depressed and in denial to confront the problem that was tearing my life apart at that time. Wake Me Up was at the top of the charts and was playing all the time wether I was pre-gaming with friends at a giant party on campus or driving to the beach to watch the sunrise and eat breakfast with the person I was dating. That and the song Blessed helped me hold onto a little hope that everything would get better eventually and I wouldn't be stuck in that dark time forever. And it did get better. ..It got better for me. I somehow made it out of my active alcoholism alive even though it defies statistics and chance. Not everyone is blessed with the mixture of desperation support and fate necessary to recover. Avicii wasn't. He was 28 when he died 4 years after he was diagnosed with pancreatitis from excessive drinking. Even if you're rich and famous it's hard to overcome addiction maybe especially if you're rich and famous. His cause of death hasn't been made public and the word  suicide  has been thrown around a lot. I don't know exactly how he died but based on his personal struggles he shared with the public I believe without a shadow of a doubt the physical mental and spiritual disease of addiction was largely at play. ..Most people have a lot of life left to live at 28 and we can take for that granted. Avicii's death has made me think about my own mortality and the mortality of the people I hold close. Life can be fleeting and every day we wake up is a blessing even when times are tough. It's crazy how quickly you can lose someone. A stigmatized stereotype of the people who die of addiction are old men who are homeless and living under a bridge. Death and addiction aren't that choosy. It can be a 70 year old grandmother a 28 year old DJ or your best friend in their early 20s. I'm just very grateful it's not me anymore and I'm grateful for my loved ones who aren't stuck in that miserable life any longer. I don't know why certain people get to live and others don't but I believe there's some greater reason each of us are alive and that we can all make a positive lasting difference on this Earth regardless of how recognized our contributions are. I'm grateful for Avicii and the beautiful music he gave us that will live on forever. And although our own mortality can be terrifying it's also a positive reminder to appreciate what we have while we have it. 
----------immediate responses--------

just started listening to avicii and I realise I know all his music without ever knowing it was avicii.  I too felt pretty sad when I heard he had passed and it was most likely alcohol and party related. he played over 800 shows he said it caused irreparable damages apparently.  some of his music is about death maybe he knew he was burning out.  sad.   iwndwyt ..
He knew about the pedophiles and was going to talk. That's why he was killed...Read Qanon.
Avicii = lowest level of hell in Buddhism. 
I found avicii my second year of college and in the back of my mind loved the music. I used to run to it and I remember going on a levels kick a few months ago. ..When he passed I went on iTunes to learn more about him and it turns out I actually have all of his music. I had no idea I loved 100% of his songs already. ..Anyways same here I believe it might take losing one extremely high profile person to save 1000 of us and I will never be the same. This past week has literally been a blur of confusion for me. I've been sick and crying on and off since last Friday because of the similarities and I'm scared to death how I'm headed down the same path and didn't even realize it until I read into this whole story. ..I'm petrified at the fact that I'm slowly killing myself and I'm scared it's too late but i can say I think Avicii's death has saved my life. Because until now I wasn't even aware of where I'm headed. 
