-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8flk79/day_4_and_some_history/

Thought I'd share my story here. I was introduced to alcohol when I was around 14 years old and absolutely fell in love with it. At that age it was still a fairly rare occurrence for me to drink but I would seize every opportunity to throughout my teens when it was available. Back then the hangovers genuinely made me believe I could never become an alcoholic because who would drink every day dealing with that?..Fast forward to 21 and I started drinking at least six beers per day in the evenings. Even then I suspected this was not normal and remember Googling around trying to justify this habit. First month of being able to buy it legally and I'm already rationalizing...The immediate benefit I found from drinking after work being chronically tired due to sleep-related issues is that it relieved the tiredness and let me enjoy my evenings. I didn't know at the time that alcohol itself contributes to this cycle of exhaustion causing poor sleep anxiety stress etc...The amount of beer I would drink per day steadily increased over the years and it became apparent to me even in my early 20s that my drinking needed to stop. I flirted with liquor but gave it up fairly quickly due to dangerously scary heartburn (I woke up choking with acid reflux one night and decided to stick with beer.)..Six beers per day turned into eight then ten then twelve peaking at around 15-18 before I realized 12 was about the maximum amount I could drink in an evening and still be able to function as expected the next day...So I'd buy 12-packs exclusively because if I bought any more drunk me would always reach for another. This was my sober self anticipating it and putting a hard limit on it...I'm now 30 and the longest I've been able to quit was about a month probably when I was about 24...Last year I managed to "quit" for about two weeks at a time several times before inevitably caving to my own inner dialog of "see! you can control it; just buy a six pack this one Saturday and go back to not drinking."..That last part has always been my undoing and my rational self knows it. One night of drinking always seems to unravel everything and I'm right back to square one drinking every day...In these two week periods I discovered something completely unexpected: I'm not anywhere near as exhausted during the day when I don't drink. I feel better. I'm way less anxious. I enjoy life more. I can sleep naturally at least after the first week or so is over...So here I am at day 4 again. I'm going to try to put in practice what I've known for a long time:..- I cannot moderate (and don't want to; I'd rather have none than one.).- One drink is all it takes to relapse..- Stay on guard against my own mind's sneaky attempts to convince me I have won and can drink "just this weekend."..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome!  Good luck on your journey.  IWNDWYT!
Love your name    welcome and congrats on starting your journey as a sobernaut! 
Way to go!  Soon 4 will be 5 days!  IWNDWYT!
"In these two week periods I discovered something completely unexpected: I'm not anywhere near as exhausted during the day when I don't drink."  Who'da thunk it?  IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing! You have solid wisdom about the disease. Especially with the moderation. It feels to me like playing Russian roulette with a relapse. Get a beer and pull the trigger... *CLICK*.. See I can moderate no big deal! What about two beers?.... *BLAMMO*.. drunk for a week (or a year?)... Why do that to oneself? I sure as heck don't want to play that game. I wish you the best on your journey!
[removed]
