-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fo8uh/looking_for_some_advice_with_a_coworker/

Hi SD ..Long-time lurker first-time poster. I've been struggling with high-functioning alcoholism for a long time but am getting stronger at this sobriety thing. As cliche as it sounds though I'm actually posting for someone else right now. ..TLDR: My promising new employee got busted for being drunk at work 3 weeks ago. Kept his job. He blew a .124 yesterday and was sent home in an uber. Looking for advice on what to say or do to help him...A couple months ago my firm hired a really promising guy as my junior that does pretty good work. He doesn't need a lot of supervision and seems really competent. This is really critical; we're a small company with a lot of big clients and a handful of even larger ones that signed on within the last month. So our hands are very full and even though this guy just started he was going to have a lot of responsibility. Long story short he was caught drunk on the job 3 weeks ago. My boss fought upper management and HR to let him stay on (we're not a zero tolerance office and it's not uncommon for people to drink on the job or on a lunch break -- this guy was just at falling-down-stairs-drunk level when he was caught). He kept his job under the requirement that it not happen again...Only it did happen again. Yesterday. Someone thought he was acting weird and reported it to higher management and HR. He insisted he hadn't had anything but blew a .124 BAC. The company sent him home in an Uber and will address it Monday. He's not fired for now (only thanks to my boss' mercy) but he will be given the opportunity to either leave or work on a plan to stay with the firm on Monday...As a fellow alcoholic I know how tough this thing is. I wasn't even able to keep my own most recent sobriety streak going past 130 days so I most definitely do not have the answers here -- what can I do to help my junior out? I think he does great work and has so much promise plus we're so swamped that we need all the skill we can get. What can I say to him? Is there anything I can do? We're not friends or close or anything so I don't know if I even have any influence in his mind but I feel like I should try. What do you guys think?
----------immediate responses--------

Share experience hope and strength. That is all we can do as sober alcoholics is share what we were what we have learned and what we are now. ..IWNDWYT 
I think there is not a whole lot you can do apart from giving him the right phone numbers and drive him to the right places when he asks you for help. .Alcoholics need to find out by themselves. I know it is very hard and also very sad (from my own family). 
Maybe volunteer to go sit through an AA meeting with him?
It's tricky. This sort of thing can backfire a million different ways coming back to haunt especially you depending on how much you share about your own experience. And even if you kept it professional it might end up being the catalyst to take his drinking to a whole new level. I know that when people tried to help me and I wasn't ready I just doubled down and drank more to prove I was in charge. 
We usually blow through second chances while still accelerating.  Case in point...It usually takes a bottom to break through denial and rationalization.  Extra chances are not helping him get there...Does the company want someone who will likely do it again and be drunk on the job?  What message does that send to clients and employees?..If longer term maybe send to rehab but that's not a sure bet either...What can you do?  Not much. Maybe offer to go to AA with him as suggested.  Best thing is to understand you're watching a preview of your future "high functioning alcoholism" And let it serve as your bottom.
Something I've found helpful is to attend a recovery meeting with the person and sit in support of them.
This is what I would do. Let him down with kindness? "Please get help we need you?" He clearly is a great asset to the company or I doubt you would make these compromises right? It doesn't sound like he is good for your bottom line right now.
