-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8fsbct/quitting_vs_trying_to_moderate/

My alcohol use has quickly gotten bad again after the birth of my second child. I switched from hard liquor to wine thinking that would help. I'm now up to 2-4 bottles of wine per day. I'm worried that this will affect my health if I continue. I've been battling in my head whether I need to quit or just force myself to moderate. I can't imagine never having a drink again. One of my favorite things to do is cook dinner while drinking wine. ..Please help me decide what I need to do. Convince me that sobriety is not that bad. I've only ever been sober during my pregnancies which feel like one giant hangover anyway. I've basically been drinking heavily my whole life since I was 14...I have a therapist appointment next week. I'd like to try meetings at some point in the future but that's not possible right now. I have two kids under two - just getting to the grocery store once a week is enough of a struggle. ..Honestly I would keep drinking forever if I wasn't worried about my health. I haven't hit rock bottom. I have a good job nice house and great family. I don't drink and drive so no DUIs. But I don't want to drink myself to death - I need to be there for my kids.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't tell you what to do but I can tell you that I was unable to moderate and that sobriety is incredibly rewarding. Have you discussed this with your doctor? That was my first step.
A few days ago we had a poster here who was a two-bottle a day wine drinker. Stage 2 cirrhosis. ..My mom drinks a bottle a day and has for thirty years. She is now unable to find nouns when she speaks. ..My dad is a whiskey man. His heart is seeping blood due to flabby valves...My aunt is a vodka drinker. This week she was once again forcibly detained at a psychiatric facility for attacking a cop. We have no idea when or if she will be released...My great uncle bit down on a shotgun with a bottle of wine right next to him. ..That's all I've got for reasons to quit. 
If you like read some Saturday Shares from the community info.  It helped me to read about how other people's lives and mental/emotional lives have vastly improved after stopping drinking.  I wasn't ready to quit either at first.. then the idea grew on me.  After having been sober for a couple weeks even the sense of liberation was so profound I kept going.  Now?  I have no regrets and realized my satisfaction with my state of affairs was an illusion fed by drinking regularly.  I've got zero regrets and I'm only grateful I'm out.  ..Keep reading I'm a busy person too reading helped give me the knowledge I needed to change my mind on my own time in between the work and the other obligations.  There are online meetings too.  Glad you stopped in!  It's good to think about this stuff before it gets worse.  I won't be drinking with you today
Welcome..The decision is yours and I can only speak of my experience.  Your story sounds very similar to mine however my oldest is now 17 and my other one is 6  ...today is day 3 sober for me.  I read from your post that you are worried about your health.. of course i am as well however i can think back to all the years wasted..literally ... and the many things i could have done better for my children.  I have also learned there is no moderation for me after thinking I could just have 1 glass that turned into 1 very large bottle.  And after all those years I'm tired of everything revolving around alcohol .. from someone who has been down the rabbit hole.. I wish you the very best.
Look at the recovery programs that are linked up at the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit. AA and Women For Sobriety (WFS) have online meetings and I think SMART does too. ..AA saved my ass but you might want to involve a doctor. 4 bottles of wine a night is one hell of alot of alcohol to be detoxing from. I encourage you to seek a doctor's assistance but you need to be totally honest with how much and how often you drink. They can help you but may not take it seriously if you're not honest. ..IWNDWYT 
What would that be like say you just have a glass of wine when you're cooking dinner and no more? It seems to me the only way to know is to give it a try. That would mean drastically reducing what you're drinking now. Give yourself an honest assessment...Sobriety is another option that has zero health risks. It's also the only option some of us have found keeps us from dangerous levels of alcohol consumption. We've done our honest assessment and found that the only safe amount to consume is zero...I dropped a word a couple times in there that I think will help you whichever way you choose choose: **honest.** Just keep being real the way you've been real with us right now.
Well obviously 2-4 bottles of wine per day is too much just speaking objectively. That is binge drinking. You are harming your health by drinking that much   and you recognize that. ..As for whether you should quit or cut back everyone is different   some people who abuse alcohol are able to change their habits and drink moderately. Some are not and for those people abstaining is the best option. I don't know which category you fall into and I get the impression that you don't either! To tell you the truth I don't know which category I fall into myself. All I know is that right now at this moment I cannot drink in moderation. I'm currently in therapy to address the root of my substance abuse problem and IF I ever arrive in a place where I feel I may be able to drink in a healthy way then I may try. If not that's ok too. I guess you could say I'm on an indefinite break with no perceivable end. And I can honestly say sobriety is "not that bad"   you just have to learn new healthier coping mechanisms which is hard but worth it...It's great you're going to therapy   that's a fantastic first step. I really encourage you to talk to them about it. 
Hi there Mom of a five year old here. I was a bottle of wine or 2 a day drinker for many years and I can tell you with absolute certainty that life/parenthood is so much better on the other side. The beginning can be hard scary and frustrating but so incredibly worth it! I also hadn't hit rock bottom......yet. Coming to terms with the fact that  yet  was coming was a big game changer for me. ..I credit my success to some strong ladies check out Kate Bee Annie Grace and Lucy Rocca. IWNDWYT 
I tried every form of moderation I could over and over.I didn't want to quit so I kept trying.At times it would succeed for weeks or even months.But every day it was an absolute battlean exaughsting battle happened every day and would have continued.I always ended up losing that battlesooner or later.Now when I look back I see that for what it was.I was an addict desperate for his drug.Desperate to continue using no matter that I knew it was gaining more and more control over me.Now I dont have to fight any more.Now I just don't drink.Now my kids (adults) can respect and trust me again.
