-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8g00d9/bachelorette_this_past_weekend_what_a_world_of/

I went to my best friend's bachelorette party this weekend and didn't drink. I was lucky in that this was a rent-the-house-in-the-mountains type of weekend and not a bar hopping one but still everyone was drinking and some got very drunk. I am amazed at how little I was tempted to drink. I enjoyed myself and got to remember everyhting. Got to wake up without a hangover and shame and confusion. The only time I was tempted was when we were playing the Newlywed Game and it included taking shots. I wasn't craving a shot or a buzz or the alcohol itself but more in the name of participating. But I sat with and thru it and raised my ginger beer each time they raised their glasses for a shot and then it was over and I was fine/happy. In the past I would have felt like it was such a shame or waste or tragedy to "miss out" on this once in a lifetime experience by not getting tipsy with everyone but I do not feel that way at all. I feel that it went well and was fun and if I had drank would have been at best the same but likely would've included some hangover and potentially some deep regret and sadness at my actions (I tend to say hurtful and/or embarrassing things when drunk--- and this friendship is a complicated one). I am so proud of myself for breaking this cycle. It's not that I WANTED to "fail" by any means but because i have let myself down so many times I half expected it in the back of my mind. I am writing this because I do not know how to share or express my joy delightful surprise excitement and relief but I feel I need to capture this moment somehow. I do want to guard against getting overly cocky but this is an achievement I have been unable to unlock for over 10 years (I am 28-- so basically my whole adult life---so its thus sadly been a part of how i define myself) and not only have i unlocked it but I now see a true world of possibilities because I unlocked it HAPPILY AND PEACEFULLY AND WITH EASE. it WASNT TORTURE. for all of you out there struggling I COULD NOT HAVE IMAGINED THIS TO BE POSSIBLE EVEN A FEW WEEKS AGO. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I went to a banya (Russian spa) this weekend and felt the same way it felt sooooo good to be able to really relax. It's shocking how most of the time before I was fighting a hangover or some other alcohol related issue. 
I needed to read this today! ..I have a bachelorette weekend coming up and I'm getting anxious about it. Like the one you went to the focus will be on hanging out and relaxing but drinking will definitely be a centerpiece to the weekend. I also have social anxiety and won't know many of the women so I am really nervous about socializing while sober. ..Everyone will assume I'm not drinking because I'm pregnant and in a few months we're going to start trying so maybe I'll just say I'm not drinking to get healthy before pregnancy which is partially true but I don't know. Nobody needs to know that I have a problem and maybe I can just say "I don't drink anymore."..Amyway do you have any advice for an anxious SDer? Did you get questions about why you weren't drinking and did you have a planned response or were they already aware of your choice? Did you have any techniques for avoiding temptation?
This is great!..I can definitely relate I've gone back and forth between drinking and abstaining many times over the past few years.  The most trying times for me are the social situations especially with old friends who I grew up drinking with.  A couple days ago was different though.  I went to a concert where everyone was drinking. my friend included.  I managed to resist good thing the venue was charging 12 dollars for crappy beer... that helped. But I resisted the free beers offered as well.  ..I didn't do anything I regret didn't spend a bunch of money and didn't wake up hung over!  I was able to wake up feeling great and went surfing early the next morning. My friend woke up hung over and didn't want to surf... I've been there many times. I haven't been surfing for about three months. No booze in the last 4 weeks no cigarettes in the last week and half. I was able to surf better than I have in years...Anyways sounds like the booze free weekend was a good call for both of us in spite of looming temptations! :)..IWNDWYT
I like how you put that mentally tortured by my own behaviors. BEEN THERE
I'm telling you that reset thing is a huge thing.  It informs me so much.  It's about my honesty with myself and it's in my head and really helps me a great deal.  I'm so glad you not just got through it but enjoyed it!  Congrats!  
This really helped me today thank you! 
So happy you wrote about this! I've been seeing so many  engagements on social media so it's just a matter of time 
I am so glad to hear about your successful bach trip! This is something I am worried about as well since I have two coming up this summer but I am fully committed to my sobriety. I have some time before they are here but I am nervous I'll have to skip out if I don't feel confident in enough in my sobriety at that point. Do you have any suggestions for when you felt you could handle a bachelorette party or similar situations?
Fantastic post thank you! I'm saving this to read when feeling anxious about upcoming hen dos and wedding etc..Well done! Iwndwyt 
