-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8g9ucf/drunk_nurse_now_4_years_sober/

I drank for eight years before I sobered up. As of today I have been sober for half as long as I drank. It's bizarre the way my mind plays tricks on me; sometimes those memories seem so very close that I can taste the nausea following the cheap vodka I guzzled like water. Other times it feels like the person that I used to be was a lifetime ago... ..I spent the first three years of my sobriety cloistered in my state's monitoring program for impaired medical professionals. So this forth year is special in a way because it marks my first full year of self-driven abstinence. ..I like my life now.  The obsession to drink   to get alcohol hide alcohol drink alcohol hide my drinking and lie about everything under the sun   consumed me and left me a shell of a person. I have friends hobbies interests these days. Life is more predictable with its less-calm moments mostly driven by my need to inject a bit of adrenalin into my life and not because I'm locked on a psych unit or passed out on the front lawn... ..Life isn't perfected by any means of course. I still struggle with depression and anxiety. I relapsed pretty heavily into anorexia and bulimia after I became sober and I am still wrestling with the perception of being a fat person trapped in an underweight woman's body. And of course life has its natural ups and downs which I am immensely more able to cope with now that I don't drink... ..Things definitely get better. They don't seem like they will especially in the beginning. But they do. My drinking-self could not imagine going without alcohol for more than a day or two; I thought I needed it to function to handle my emotions and deal with the boring-mundane-ness of my life. Today I am capable of navigating life 99% of the time without a desire to drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on 4 years!!  
Wow 4 years. That is wonderful. IWNDWYT! Hugs! 
Wow! 4 years is incredible and you sound like you are good !..20 days seems like a long time for me.. I pray that I can stay sober (this time). ..Like u .. I don't want to go back to old me and all the lying guilt and poor health...IWNDWYT 
Congrats ophelia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ..
So glad you pulled out.  Wonderful story.  My old boyfriend who was the love of my life who at the time I didn't know had a problem with benzos and alcohol died 2 years ago at age 51.  He was a top surgeon.  From the newspaper reports he had been in the medical substance abuse reporting program and was past the reporting stage.  He fell off the wagon and fell asleep during surgery and refused a blood test tried to have a resident pee in a cup for him which was reported.  He apparently tried to regroup after his license was revoked to be a consultant.  I'm not sure what happened but it was either an overdose or a suicide 8 years after he lost his license.  So sad.  I'm so glad that you made it out.  The guy was drop dead gorgeous and had been Phi Beta Kappa at Harvard and Stanford.  What a waste.  Looking back I didn't recognize all of the obvious signs.  IWNDWYT
Congrats and stay strong.  If you can tackle your eating issues the way you tackled this you'll be where you want to be in no time. 
&gt; The obsession to drink   to get alcohol hide alcohol drink alcohol hide my drinking and lie about everything under the sun   consumed me and left me a shell of a person...This was exactly me. I am thrilled for you and the change in your life.
I'm also a nurse in recovery from opiates (sober for 2 years in August) and have been in the same boat struggling with eating disorders throughout my life. Since then I've gotten married and am currently expecting my first child and have never been happier despite the hardships. I haven't been able to bring myself to begin the process of applying for my license again because I'm so scared that it will bring back the anxiety that I had when I was going through surrendering it. Since I'm in such a good place now it can be really daunting to face going up against that again. People who are not in the healthcare field and who are not addicts can't possibly IMAGINE how difficult it can be and what horrible stigma is associated with it. The system that claims to support you can be the most hateful and judgmental unfortunately. Kudos to you on all of your hard work and thank you for sharing your story. It makes me feel like I'm not so alone and isolated.
This is incredible! You have moved forward alot. I hope you are getting help with your mental health aswell.  .Im a nurse too wish you the best!
You rock! I will not drink with you today.
Woohooooo!!! Congrats on 4 years Ophelia!..You're truly an inspiration thank you :).
Fellow nurse in recovery here. Happy to hear you're doing well! 
I'm also a drunk nurse! Grateful for sobriety and for the monitoring program. I didn't join the first time I tried to get sober and had a relapse so bad I didn't have a choice but to join the 2nd time around. Congrats!
  IWNDWYT 
As a cancer patient I could never understand how doctors and nurses dealt with such horrible situations day in day out. I guess I have an answer. It ain't as easy as it looks...Thank you for doing your job. We need people like you.
Thank you for sharing. I can't wait to get over the thoughts of drinking and all the guilt I feel. 
Congrats on 4 years!  Yours is a very inspiring story. Thanks for sharing!
Another drunk nurse checking in here....sober now thankfully....I work with a nurse  in recovery know some in recovery and have some co workers who may not be there yet \( the recovery stage\)....addiction issues are rampant among health are professionals and it doesn't suprise me. 
&gt;Life is more predicable..Damn straight..
Love and blessings to you O'Kitty!
Congrats!  I'm also a nurse; attempting to quit.  It's rough especially given what we witness on a daily basis.  I was convinced this job requires drinking to check out and decompress.  IWNDWYT
Congrats on the 4 years!..And thank you again for sharing your experience with me a while back. 
Drunk addict nurse in Ohio. Just hit halfway through my state monitoring program. Almost two years clean!..I have often wondered about how my accountability might be affected after I am finished with the state program. ..Congrats on 4 years! Especially this last year! That's awesome!
Congratulations. I relapsed with bulimia after my first 90 days sober. For 10 years I had been using drinking to manage/cope with my 17-year-old eating disorder..Now I'm in recovery for both. It's just one day at a time..It's good to hear from people in sobriety who struggle with eating disorders. Sometimes I feel alienated in AA when everyone's primary problem is drinking. My primary problem is bulimia and drinking comes in a close second. They're related of course. .
I'm a nurse too.  I appreciate so much your honesty.  I'm so happy for you and that you have pulled out and keep on dealing with life's ups and downs on your own terms.  Thanks for this so much.
Another nurse here! There's about 4 or 5 of us in my department that don't drink and we're the odd ones out. .
I'm about to graduate from nursing school.  It's been a rough grind and every semester was a struggle to get through.  This semester I was failing with 75% (80% minimum pass) with a critical care exam and the hesi exit exam.  I pulled through.  ..I can pretty much tell by looking people that use drugs or drink excessively.  It makes me nervous when the surgeon is as red as a tomato or the nurse anesthetist looks like she's been dipping into the sublimaze.  And it also makes me nervous that I'm going to be in a position where I'm obligated to report my suspicions.  But I'll worry about that later...Way to go on the four years!  Keep up the good work. 
Well done!
