-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8geiyu/another_attempt_first_one_on_the_subreddit_day_1/

About 3 years ago I was totally on top of my game:  confident killing it at the gym and generally feeling great. I got a great new job and was on the "fast track"...Turns out there was a social element to the job with peers and going out for drinks or having drinks with lunch or drinks in the office when the meetings ran late was part of the norm. The work was also crazy stressful but was a prestigious upper management job. I stopped going to the gym because my hours were crazy and before you knew it I'd packed on 20 kilos and was drinking way more than I felt good about especially at 3am when I woke up exhausted and dehydrated. ..I woke up about 4 months ago with chest pains and was about to call an ambulance when it went away. I still got checked out by the way and they ruled it down to stress and lifestyle choices. Nobody was suprised. ..I had a good amount of leave banked up so I figured it was a good opportunity to take it and try to get my life back on track. Obviously it didn't make sense to spend my days sitting around drinking myself stupid while my wife worked and my kids were at school so I gave up the booze altogether for a couple of weeks. Then I traveled for pleasure by myself and fell off the wagon completely ... ..When I got home I tried again: I removed all booze from my house and called it quits. I even started walking a minimum of 10k steps per day to improve my mental and physical health. I did this for 6 weeks and then fell off again. While off the wagon I also restocked ... and have been drinking again every night and sometimes every day for at least the last month. My need to return to work looms and makes me depressed just thinking about it. That prompts me to drink more and the cycle continues. ..Today though I have no alcohol left and do not intend to buy more. I will struggle when I travel for a side project later this month and will also struggle when I travel again in July. I have always struggled going out with friends and not drinking - heaps of socializing centres around it - and I have *never* successfully stopped when I thought I could prior to starting. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

You might need to step back from socialising for a while or to have some strategies in place if you do feel you need to go out with work people. If you're going to be lonely/alone travelling plan now for places to go/things to do so your mind has somewhere to go when the thoughts come. ..I can see your mind is racing ahead and working out where the problems are but the great parts of not drinking take a while to emerge and you have to have a little patience. Keep coming back here and posting..
Welcome aboard!..I had numerous attempts to quit all my own too by just... *not putting alcohol in my mouth* and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it!..I needed to change the way I thought about alcohol and keep drumming in the new thinking until my subconscious got the message.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Together with the support of this sub it's been a winning combo.....There are also some useful resources in the sidebar and in the FAQ that you could start exploring......[Grab yourself a Badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you want one and get stuck in!..When you hit the tricky situations that you mentioned and thoughts of drinking start creeping in come here and talk about it... It's perfectly OK to skip social occasions until you feel comfortable or avoid any where the sole focus is drinking... ..I won't drink with you today hope you'll stick around and let us know how you're doing.....Woody :&gt;)&gt;
If you stop completely I think you will experience a different kind of confidence.  You will be killing it at work and in the gym and you will be good with yourself when you look in the mirror.  That is what is irreplaceable and I don't think of it often enough.  It was apparent when I first got rolling and then I didn't notice so much.  But I need to keep it at the forefront.  You can do this.  There will always be work reasons and travel reasons and socializing reasons it doesn't stop.  You just start to do life differently.  
