-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gfrko/1_month/

This is my longest period of sobriety since 2014 (I can't believe that was four years ago). I've tried to quit drinking many times and this time was different. Every other time something awful and embarrassing happened when I was drunk that prompted me to quit. This time nothing particularly bad happened during my last drink but it just dawned on me how screamingly obvious it was that I was an alcoholic (I was regularly getting blackout drunk alone pissing myself) and should stop drinking...I won't lie I've been brutally depressed for the last two weeks. I usually hit a kind of depression around week 2 and that's usually when I relapse with the rationale being: "Well if I'm going to feel this awful I might as well drink since at least that gives me some momentary happiness." This time my thought process was completely different and I've had virtually no urge to drink. My thinking was: 'Well I know from bitter experience that drinking will just somehow make this worse so I'm definitely not doing that.' Something in me seems to have changed it's weird. But I know I need to be careful of complacency. ..Anyway thanks for all your support and your inspiring posts I know I'm still at a very early stage but I'm feeling hopeful :) 
----------immediate responses--------

 Yay!  You're rocking it!! I had to remind myself that alcohol is a depressant and literally makes us depressed! It helped during those pesky suicidal thoughts that came floating by. Get through those suckers and the happiness would follow shortly after. 
Congrats on your 1-month milestone!..I had a few nasty bouts of depression too in the early stages it's pretty common... at the time it's easy to imagine that it'll go on forever (it doesn't) and that a drink would help (it won't!).....*If you're going through Hell.... Keep going*!..It's worth it in the long run honest......IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats on our shiny star!..As u/TheWoodBotherer mentioned PAWS and depression are common in the early stages. ..If you feel that the depression persists or if you've had issues with depression before perhaps you'll speak with a doctor...I was prescribed antidepressants 2 years ago around the time I detoxed and I just changed them yesterday. In my experience it's something that should be diagnosed and treated properly by a doctor. It's one of the best moves I ever made :).
Very glad to hear that you've had a mindset shift. Knowing that a drink is the only thing that will make everything worse has kept me sober more times than I can count...Every rough patch that I've had since getting sober has been a chance to grow and you will be stronger for this. Congratulations on one month and keep it up.
