-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ggb7z/4_days_and_i_mean_it_this_time_a_backstory/

My clock just moved to the 4 day mark...I don't know how I've gotten this far in my life while drinking like I do but I am in graduate programme and cohabitate with a wonderful partner. ..Despite my successes I have always felt like whatever I do I am barely doing it and alcohol is definitely the reason for this. I have been trying to quit for over a year after at least a year where I knew I had some level of problem and tried to moderate.  ..In the last three years as I have been binge drinking daily (except for short bursts of sobriety) my life has slowly been spiralling out of control. The following paragraph is a combination of venting/writing things down so I can remind myself of the consequences:..I have gained 25 pounds and now overweight with worse acne than at fourteen. In the context of heavy binge drinking (and associating with some sketchy people as a result of it) I have been sexually assaulted and drugged. I picked a fight with someone on the streets while in a blackout and was later told this easily could have turned very violent had my friends not de-escalated things. I badly injured my leg and can't remember how it happened. I have been to the hospital due to what I call a hangover/hypoglycaemia cycle where I can't keep liquids down for close to two days. I have accumulated a lot of credit card debt. I have missed weeks (maybe months) of work. I have said terrible things to people I love in drunken anger. I have embarrassed myself in front of just about everyone I know. My friends who I once used as an excuse to not get sober no longer want to be around me. And more...Three days ago after I had 1 miserable day sober mostly because I was too sick to drink my partner told me he was not happy with our relationship anymore. He is not okay with being around me when I am drinking. This wasn't a breakup or even an ultimatum really but it was certainly a wake up call. ..I am starting to take real steps to stop. I opened up to a friend who has also struggled with addiction. I am going to go (back) to AA as soon as my last deadline that has me working 12 hour days is over. This is it I am done with alcohol...TL;DR: My partner opened up about how much my alcoholism affects him and I am done with alcohol for good this time. ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Aa saved my ass. I hope when you go back it does the same for you. This is not our fault but it is our problem. No matter which AA group you go back to you will be welcome. Grasp the program with both hands if you can. I couldn't admit I was an alcoholic at first. I sat and listened and didn't even speak for the first 8-10 meetings. I listened. And I noticed people that had something I wanted. A sparkle in their eye. Hope in their voice. A spring in their step. And once I was a tad bit clear headed I started trying to do what those people told me to do. ..Good luck kiddo ..IWNDWYT 
Good luck to you.  AA worked for me - as for "functional drinking" my metaphor is it's like driving a car stuck in second gear.  You get there but slowly with much noise and drama burning lots of fuel and putting a huge strain on all your moving parts...
You can do it. One day at a time :) . I hope AA goes well for you and that you and your partner work things out. IWNDWYT 
