-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gjy2l/i_loved_the_person_i_could_have_been/

u/memymomonkey wrote [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gfqnv/the_new_dull_roar/) earlier that sparked a thought in me. Among other gems she said  I'm still flawed stitched together with good intentions ...I still struggle as I guess many of us do with accepting my limitations. Reading the post I realized that I still mourn the one I was supposed to be who I was supposed to become the negation of who I was; I mourn this happy energetic positive dude that I was on the way up who could do everything was boundlessly creative self confident and attractive  but as the fire burned out became little more than ash and broken dreams. Alcohol let me fuel dreams that were not really unrealistic but definitely beside the point...Oh crap how I loved that guy. Time to love this guy. After all he actually exists. Still flawed but stitched together with good intentions...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

That's really moving. I sincerely relate. I want this person to get as close to that ideal as I possibly can. Alcohol dragged me back almost all the way down. I'm getting back up..Know that your posts are an inspiration--make that part of the "happy energetic positive dude" that you are to so many of us here at SD..p.s. my favorite line: "Alcohol let me fuel dreams that were not really unrealistic but definitely beside the point." ouch. I know that one.
It's definitely time to appreciate the dude you've matured into Homer.  We're none of us ever going to be perfect but those good intentions count for a lot.  Those stitches save our stuffing from getting knocked out!  We might not look so smart all patched up but I'll settle for being older and wiser if a bit frayed around the edges...Happy to be not drinking with you buddy   :\)
Inspiring words.
Homer ..I can identify so much with this. I too struggle with accepting my limitations. My body isn't quite what it used to be and it takes longer to recover. I have a hard time accepting this at times. ..I too have/do mourn over what could have been what should have been and what would have been if I......... blah blah. Would have could have should have. Over this last period of sobriety I feel like I have came to terms with some of things and decisions I made in my past. I still struggle daily in this. ..Something that has helped me comes to terms with this some what is to try to be present as much as possible. When I notice myself dwelling over past decisions or mulling over future decisions I try to ground myself as much as possible in the present.... because from my understanding there is really only one thing I ultimately have control over at the present moment and its just that the present moment. IWNDWY today brother. ..Your well\-intentioned multiple stitched brother from Kentucky.
Just want to give credit where it is due.  "I myself am made entirely of flaws stitched together with good intentions." -- Augusten Burroughs..You know the promise of who we can become is sometimes broken.  I think for myself that it was broken very early on and I spent a lot of time during my 20's and 30's doing some repair and readjusting myself.  (I am not saying that to encourage sympathy it's just the facts and it is that way for lots and lots of people.)  Because you /u/SaintHomer have children too I think that you will relate to this:  when I had my first child the reaction when I would enter a room and see his arms reach for me and his arms circle my neck I felt this deep sense of lovability.  My kids still run out to the car when I get home one tries to scare me and the other jumps into my arms.  I am careful not to use my kids to fill up my bucket of self esteem but their love serves as a robust reminder that I am hella popular and fully lovable somewhere in this world.  ..I know that you are a magical dad and I know that parenting has its melancholia for you but being magic for your children is priceless.  That's why I will always root for you and for me.  
