-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gl4js/so_mad_at_myself/

So I'm on my 10th day and I'm having a major craving after my husband just called to tell me that he found a beautiful kitchen- full kitchen cabinets counter tops the whole nine- all for free. We need it for my other house so that's all great news but What the hell? It's the first MAJOR craving that I'm having since I stopped drinking. I've been in bad moods freaked out been through stressful situations and even went to a restaurant and didn't drink almost with ease. This is so scary. I seriously almost just talked myself into drinking. I got that horrible overwhelming craving feeling in my chest that comes right before you relapse. Just had to rant it out.. feeling a little better.  Can anyone relate? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's ok! Cravings can be weird and come on seemingly out of nowhere. I relate. But you came here and talked it out instead of giving in so you're already on the right track. Good job on that...It might help to do something you enjoy now to take your mind off of it - go for a quick walk if it's nice have a snack maybe write down what's going through your mind. Odds are within 15 minutes you'll feel a lot better.
Sounds like celebrating may be a trigger? Such a fun time to (ruin it with a) drink! Lol...Good for you for venting and breathing. Stick to it!
No need to be mad at yourself for having a craving.  It actually sounds like you should be congratulating yourself!  You had your first big craving and instead of caving you posted here.  Congratulations and enjoy the new kitchen!  IWNDWYT
My brain was very used to thinking  a situation is good so it would be better with a drink . I would try to think about the money you're saving from not drinking and how it's being put towards your kitchen. Maybe you can find a treat to celebrate with besides alcohol. Congratulations! 
Good news. It's the hardest for me bar none...195 days ago I got some spectacularly good news and relapsed. Don't be like me  
Cravings happen.  I have learned not to ignore them but meet them head on.  This really is step two of sobriety. Step one is to stop step two is to stay stopped.  It is great that you knew and recognized the craving.  Cravings are strong urges or thoughts. It is your bodies way of getting  you to get and put alcohol into your system.  However they do pass as our body cannot keep the craving going as it takes up too much energy and so it passes.  I heard cravings being compared to a little child having a tantrum. They fight and scream if they don't get their way.  We can either give into them or let them cry until they get so tired that they stop. It is hard to ignore the toddlers but we are the adults Amanda ultimately we can win out!  Well done on dealing with the craving!
So I ended up having a non alcoholic beer. I know this is frowned upon but it did the trick and got rid of that nasty craving. Thank you all for the encouragement. 
I completely and totally understand. I actually got in my car drove to the store and looked in the beer aisle with full intentions of buying something (on Day 3) and talked myself out of it not wanting to reset. I'm eating some candy and planning on taking a warm shower and crashing soon. When I think back on it it's frustrating but I stopped.
