-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8goioz/i_need_love_and_support_i_need_help/

I started recovery in October of last year. After several relapses I made it to 90 days. Then my bff moved out of my apartment and left me in a tight spot. I started relapsing again. Now I just can't stop. I don't know what to do. I keep drinking over and over and over again...I have a custody situation I'm working on. I can't afford to drink. I need my kids. I need to get better...Send help.
----------immediate responses--------

I'll send u lots of love from here.   you can do this!!
AA saved my ass. I had to have the support of meetings and people that understood me before I understood myself. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs including AA (which has women's meetings) and Women For Sobriety (WFS) and others. ..AA taught me this wasn't my fault but it was my problem. I hope you can find a program with meetings near you. ..There is a lot of support here. ..Good luck IWNDWYT 
Triggers can be quite powerful and surprising and you'll always need to be mindful of yours. Relapses happen benders happen drinking can easily become the one true constant in your life. It's difficult to stay sober even without considering the stresses of life. ..Cliche but it can feel like you're dangling off the back of the wagon on a bumpy road. Whether you slip and fall off or decide to climb off when it seems pointless to stay on it's only a temporary state. You can always start again...You stopped drinking before. You will stop drinking again. You have proven your sobriety is possible so now's the time to put what you've learned into practice. Reaching out is a big step in the right direction...While you know you are fully capable of quitting again one can't always rely on themselves to win that internal argument every time - find someone to lean on when you need reaffirmation you're doing the right thing. Even if you can hold it together without a sponsor intervening it can do you good to tell someone what's going through your head...I don't know how you'll do it but I know you will find your way. Good luck.
Do whatever you need to do to get through those first few days without drinking and you'll slide right back onto the path to lifelong sobriety you were on before : ). Everybody makes mistakes and slips up sometimes the difference is in what they do after...You can do this! &lt;3
