-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gq0lo/any_weight_loss_success_stories/

I've gained 50 lbs in two years from drinking. As a small woman that is almost half my regular body weight. I relapsed after being sober awhile and piled on 10 more pounds. Can barely get out of bed and even walking hurts. Making another serious go at sobriety and weight loss. I'm just so embarrassed to be in public and afraid I'll just keep gaining though self sabotage. Seeing results in months rather than weeks is also crippling me into even trying. It is SO stupid I know but it is crushing my self-esteem.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't wanna be all weird but u/possibilitarian2015 has a before and after that is jaw-droppingly stunning. So chic! ..
I can only share my own experience of course but for me the pounds tend to drop away when I quit drinking for awhile. I tend to overeat ( a lot) while drinking though so if that's not the case for you and all you're taking in are the calories from the alcohol itself you wouldn't be giving up nearly the calories I am when I stop drinking...Also I think the bigger you are the easier it is to lose weight at first... right now I'm around 261 lbs but a week ago I was approaching 270 again (after relapsing and drinking/overeating for just a few days). In January when I had my last 10-day stretch of sobriety and was counting calories pretty regularly I dropped 12 lbs...If I'm reading what you wrote correctly I assume your "normal" body weight is around 100lbs and you're around 150-160 right now? It'll probably be tougher for you than for me (who has 80-100 lbs to lose to get to my "normal") but I would focus more on the other benefits of sobriety to help you get through. You'll probably lose weight as a side effect but regardless you're going to feel better in many other ways...Good luck. I look forward to reading about your successes!
I'm a woman a little over 5'8  and weighed 180 when I was at my worst with drinking about a year in a half ago. I lost 40 lbs the first 6 months after quitting. I've relapsed a couple times and the weight piled on quickly. I'm now hovering at 150 and about 25 days sober. I recently started walking twice a day and working very hard at clean eating and I can feel the weight coming off. I've gotten many compliments from people asking what I'm doing... I'm very protective over my drinking problems and sobriety so all I say is working on me and my health. Majority of people I know lose a lot of that swollen bloat look in sobriety and regardless of their numbers in weight they look stunning and healthy. IWNDWYT 
I'm about 5'4  and when I started here I was easily 185ish. Today I'm about 135ish.  I focused on sobriety solely for a couple months and then went grain free. There are some great keto communities here if you want to check it out. I wish you all the best. I was there once I know how miserable and self defeating it feels. But you can overcome this. Just say no to the first drink.   
If you are trying to lose 60lbs there is nothing that will make that happen in weeks versus months.  1-2 lbs per week is what you can expect if you make a real effort.  People will lose 5lbs the first week of a diet due to water retention but don't let that fool you into thinking every week will be like that.  So you are looking at 30 or more weeks if you stick with it consistently.  But don't let that discourage you.  Much like with sobriety you can't get to thirty weeks if you don't get through today...I tried to lose weight while drinking but it was up down up down.  I can gain 10lbs in a month easy when on a good bender.  But when I quit which has been most of the last year despite my current counter it has been a steady 2lbs per week.  That is 8lbs a month but more importantly it is staying off because I am not guzzling 6000-7000 calories of wine in a weekend...Try myfitnesspal.  It really helps and if you are still drinking it will really open your eyes about the calories you are throwing back.
I first quit drinking in order to finally drop that last 20 pounds I'd been struggling with the past few years.  I really thought it would just melt right off in a week or two!  :) nope.  I've been losing .5 to 1 pound a week but over time those pounds lost really add up.  I've lost about 25 pounds.  One thing that does happen right away is the bloating in the face and stomach goes away your skin is much healthier and more energy.  You can do this Babes.  I also follow a keto diet (there's a great subreddit on this) but quitting the alcohol is probably a better priority right now.
I am on day 5 and have lost a pound a day. I was bloated up from alcohol. I was also overeating after getting blasted every afternoon on an empty stomach. .I used to be a very lean competitive cyclist but I was turning into a doughy mushroom. I started riding again on an indoor trainer and regaining fitness. I cant wait to ride outside again with my old bike racing buddies
I feel like everyone has to find what works for them but as someone who has tried to lose weight many times before I will share what worked for me. This time around I've been tracking my weight morning and night and charting it patience is a virtue many weeks it feels like weight isn't changing but the trend over time is nice to see. Remember a pound doesn't seem like much but looking at what a pound of fat looks like online reminds you that this is an accomplishment to be proud of like 1 day of sobriety small on it's own but before you know it they add up. Like stated earlier 1\-2 pounds \(after the initial 5\-10 pounds of water weight etc\) a week is where you want to live. I started by slowly cleaning up my diet so as to not derail my sobriety. At first I just eliminated all foods with added sugar and tried to up my veggie intake and lower my sugar intake a bit. Except my cheat days which was Friday evening or when I would be in a social situation. The first month of doing this I lost about 3 pounds a week. I also started cycling however diet is more important and I would suggest easing into exercise and possibly doing HIIT if short on time as you feel able to. Recently as my weight\-loss stalled around 25 pounds I have started to do intermittent fasting \(IF\) and clean up my diet a little more by essentially eliminating my cheat days and allowing myself some junk food at social situations only. Like not drinking this gets easier over time. The IF method of eating works for me since I naturally gravitate towards not eating breakfast. There are many diets out there that will work but treating our extra weight as a hormonal imbalance vs a calorie issue has been key to me. I suggest reading the work of Dr. Jason Fung with a critical eye and seeing what you get from it. For me I find that being able to listen to my body for once has helped me tremendously. Also reasonable time lines are good for me. I hope to lose another 12 pounds and have accepted that this will probably take at least another 3 months but charting the weight lets me see my slow but steady progress. Overall I'm hoping to reach my 40 pound weight loss goal in about 9 months. I don't count calories and when I'm hungry I eat and the healthier I eat the less often I'm hungry and the more energy I have. Sorry for the long post. I wish you well in your journey. I will not drink with you today.
I was approximately 50 pounds overweight as well. 5'-6  tall male. I lost absolutely no weight in the first six months to a year. I replaced all those calories from alcohol with sugary snacks and more food. I didn't continue to gain but I didn't lose anything either. After I became comfortable with my sobriety I began losing weight by walking working out portion control and healthier eating habits. ..It's common to read the stories about people losing a tremendous amount of weight after putting down the bottle but it doesn't work that way for everyone. I'm down 35 pounds with 15 more to lose and it took a whole lotta work to get here. 
I have no idea what I weighed when I quit but I felt so damn uncomfortable in my skin and was embarrassed by how my body looked. My ass had NEVER been so large! I had not had an issue with weight at all until I started drinking wine heavily pretty much every night in very large quantities. of course my eating healthy habit went to hell also.  So once I quit the wine I made eating a healthy a priority again - lots of vegetables but also all the regular stuff including meat cheese sour cream rice pasta and treats of good [no chemical nasties] crisps the odd square of organic chocolate LOADS of mineral water with a squeeze of lime. Lime I read is good for supporting the liver and helping the body metabolyse fats. But I mainly had it because it tastes good! ..I have not taken up any specific added exercise though I think I am moving about faster and more active in terms of doing stuff around the house and yard. The dog gets walked. I have short walks a couple of times a day taking Kiddo to and from school on foot. ..Upshot of all that the weight has been steadily and pleasingly coming off. All the jeans I bought last winter that were some days too tight at the waist now need belts! And I have enough of a waist back that I no longer have to wear all my trousers or skirts slung around my hips and sitting below my belly...My belly is no longer an invitation for people to whisper about what I might have been up to with whom and the goshdarned butt no longer needs its own street address. Most of all I feel less burdened by my body there are fewer things happening that had felt ickky like bending over to pick something up and feeling the belly droop over my trouser band. ..My next plan is to start getting into more activity especially now the weather has finally cooled down - things like riding my pushbike working out now and then on the gym equipment at the park playing some active outdoor games with kiddo. My goal is to feel comfortable jumping on our rather awesome trampoline again because I miss being the Mum that used to do that with my kid! Once I will no longer give myself whiplash from the weighty bits I'll be bouncing again!..Wishing you every kind of well with your own progress - you can do this one day at a time and it all adds up :).
It was slow going for me at first and I was SO frustrated but I've lost 25lbs since I quit. Hang in there. Patience and consistency my friend. 
Hey! I am 4'11 female. Average between 95-110lbs my entire life until this monster addiction took over (and I am getting older yah know so I am sure going from 5 sports to like 1 + age didn't help). Any I got to 180!!! I was winded walking stairs were my enemy I was miserable it was just a viscous cycle... Anyway [here](https://imgur.com/YatJSpv) is my face to face. The one of the right is jan2016 first day &amp; attempt at sobriety I am sure some of that is puffiness from my liver refusing to do OT anymore but yeah. The one of the left is from last April. Now I have relapses a few times in there so I got back up to 150 when I weighed in last week. Today I am 146. ..I really dont care much about the lbs as I do the tape measure. Sooooooo my suggestion to you not that you asked but it helped me is to say fuck the damn scale and use a tape measure from like a sewing kit. The scale is soooo misleading and negative and IDK looking at the scale makes me wanna give up...Anywayyyyysss  1 lb of fat is the size of a coffee mug ( [found these photos online](http://dietdatabase.com/1-pound-body-fat-facts-pictures/) ). Sooooo when eating right and working out you burn fat and build muscle. That scale number might not change (its just a # fk it) drastically or at all. BUUUUUTTTTT the tape measure will for damn sure change. Sooooooo let's say I ripped my arm off and its 15 lbs and fat. It can still be 15lbs with a lot of hard work and eating right but it will only be a lean 12" vs flabby 18"...Anyway I hope that helped some. I mainly focus on eating healthy I have a gym membership but I only went the first week so far.... its been two months lol. I do make sure I get over 6k (goal is actually 10k but I am happy with 6k) steps a day I rarely do workout videos at home - I wanna do more since I gained some weight back. I do roller blade randomly as well as kayak. Other than that I found some groups of FB like a few accountability groups challange groups (one a cook book one time lol) and "forks to fix" I use for portion controled healthy recipes according to my diet plan. ..I was happier and felt better physically mentally and emotionally when my clothes weren't so tight. Keto worked super well for my friend also but I looked into it and I couldn't wrap my head around it very well + I think I would starve all the pictures of food I found had something in it that made me go bllleehhhhhhhh...Hope you feel better soon! [High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)..PS. There is an SDFitness page (not sure how active it is anymore) &amp; if you have MyFitnessPal a bunch of us are on there too.
I haven't lost anything...yet..I hope it starts coming off soon. Be patient with your body it's working over time to heal :)
I am nearly at 4 months. I have lost 27 pounds during that time period. The main change only being stopping the drink...I must say though without the drinking every night it has made eating better just happen naturally. I am not eating chicken wings or French fries or poppers at the bar every night...I look and feel so much better!
I was super bloated everywhere. My face was round and belly extended. Knees were hurting and was totally out of shape...Sober for 5+ months and I'm down a lot of lbs. I feel good in my clothes again and my face is un-swollen. Everyone notices and the positive feedback is really cool. ..I just started running again and my knees don't hurt anymore. But honestly the lbs just fell off naturally. Even with eating ice cream as a substitute for beer I'm now at just about my ideal body weight/shape. ..So yeah! Now every body is different. Some don't see fast results but anytime you remove unhealthy calories your body is going to respond. Sobriety can't be driven only by weight loss but it sure helps feeling good about your health and body. 
I'm on day 30 and have lost about 10 pounds so far. It doesn't sound like much but most of it has come off in the last week. I haven't done much to lose weight besides stop drinking so it's pretty exciting. 
You got this. Please try not to be too hard on yourself - be proud that you have taken the first step toward sobriety...I am a 30 year old woman. 5' 1". My "normal weight" is between 98-105 pounds. During my 10 years of alcoholism I stayed between 130 - 145 lbs. I was so bloated ALL the time. I wore baggy clothes. I hid my face with my hair. I HATED the way I felt. It was awful and really destroyed my confidence. ..I'm 503 days sober today and my weight is at a consistent 100 pounds. One of my top priorities now is self care. Weight diet skin care hygiene. I remember how bad I felt when I was beat down and out of shape so now I celebrate the new me!..You will get there eventually. It just takes time!!! Be patient and kind to yourself. :) 
I started my weight loss in rehab which depending on how you look at it could be a really good place to lose weight or a really challengingg place. There were three meals per day with unlimited food and snacks in the common area on top of that so I think most people actually gained weight there. For me I just decided on day one that I was going to lose weight. I ate a bowl of cereal for breakfast a protein serving and a veg serving for lunch and dinner. I drank only calorie free drinks and even went without coffee for the first 45 days. I woke up at 6 every morning and did 30 minutes of cardio or weightlifting. The weight melted away so fast it didn't even have a chance. I didn't have any magical formula or secret program it couldn't have been more simple. Due to the daily exercise while I was there I developed a habit of exercising. I used to hate going to the gym but now I get an itch I'm not there regularly. The mind and body changes. It's hard to see it at first but one day you'll look back and be able to pinpoint the decisions and behaviors that led to positive changes in your life and you'll be so happy.
On day four I lost two pounds.  I only weigh once a week because "a watched pot never boils" but my weigh-in day is tomorrow day eleven.  I did the math and calculated that it's feasible for me to lose two pounds a week (which is pretty much the fastest rate at which you can lose weight).  I'm stoked but I won't be disappointed if I'm wrong because I'm enjoying plenty of other benefits of sobriety.
First time I gave up alcohol was for 7 months - I started fasting from 5pm to 8am in 5 months I nearly lost 2 stone - I've pretty much kept it all off for 2 years - fasting is the only way I lose weight ever!
I completely understand how you feel. Just keep talking thinking and writing to make sure you cna move to a place where you want to be sober for the sake of sobriety not only for the benefit of weight loss. If you prioritize your sobriety over everything the weight will fall off. I went from 172 to now 141 weigh-in this morning which is about 31 pounds in about 5 months and only the last two months i started taking my diet more seriously--the weight has been dropping off. I am also 5'8''. Losing weight will happen if you let sobriety be a thing of permanence in your life. You can do this :) Here is my before and after pic I posted on here a bit back: https://imgur.com/a/bOmzeVB
Before I quit drinking I was 145\-155 pounds. I'm 5'3. ..Almost seven months of no drinking somewhat healthy eating and minimal exercise i'm down to 129. ..Alcohol is fattening!!! 
The weight just magically dropped off... As I endured the daily struggle of not drinking. I started getting on the scale everyday when I woke up. I can track the early lapses into drinking as the weight goes from a slow and steady decline into sudden upticks.. Or gaps of no data for a week or three to suddenly being way heavier all over again...&gt; "You'll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine" ~ John C. Maxwell..Those words were true enough for me. I didn't gain all that weight in one day I gained it over years because of what I did every day. And I lost a bunch of it when I really changed what I did every day. But it wasn't the focus more like a side effect. In fact when I was actively quitting I ate whatever I wanted. 10 chocolate bars in a row? Child's play that was round one. Anything (especially sugar) to substitute for those cravings. And I still give in to those which plays hell with my weight now that I seem to have shed all the "free" pounds.. I have to work for it now at the gym but that's been going well.. For me it took many months before I started going to gym...I weigh myself every morning which can take some getting used to : a persons weight fluctuated naturally quite a bit so you can't live and die by the pound (although I do anyway some days) but it makes it hard for it to happen by accident and makes it easier to make smaller decisions (hmm.. Same weight for last five days.. Vs. I'm down a kilo vs I'm up a kilo.. )..Good luck! I will not drink with you today!  
Weight loss and Obesity-Related Care  Suggest To Visit Daily This Blog : https://healthkaer.blogspot.com/
