-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gr6cz/lets_talk_about_the_sinclair_method/

I've read a few posts on here about the Sinclair method so I believe it's okay to discuss here? .Luckily it's gaining popularity but if you aren't aware the method involves taking a medication called naltrexone one hour before drinking. To briefly summarize it stops alcohol from rewarding your addiction and eventually the goal is to grow indifferent to it be able to moderate become abstinent etc. .I am partaking in the method and it's going great for me as a person who used to drink about 90-100 drinks per week I feel pretty happy that I've cut down my consumption to about 15 per week (and I'm still early on in this treatment).Anyways. I was wondering how people out there (especially people in AA since I still enjoy attending meetings occasionally) feel about this option. My sponsor thinks it's great for me and she agreed not to tell anyone since AA is an abstinence based program.I know that at least in my groups there are many people who believe AA is the only way and you cannot truly be happy and free without it. .I also wanted to make this post to maybe inform someone who's struggling and can't find the right treatment for them that this exists and is at least worth looking into. 
----------immediate responses--------

I didn't know this existed. Thanks for the info. 
Hi there! Yes. I have heard about this. Unfortunately where I live it is exceedingly difficult to find a practitioner how understands this or will even prescribe naltrexone in the traditional manner for alcholism (daily dosage). ..I did a lot of research in the beginning becuase of fear that I would not be able to make it through and also wanted a magic safety pill on standby if I knew I was going to cave the woudl prevent me from total relapse. I had gone so far as to research how to purchase from overseas myself but did not. ..So yes; it's a thing. And  I think the more tools that are available the better. I wish our medical community would get on the ball with this. ..Speaking personally however; I do believe I am getting more out of this journey that will serve me well going forward without the pill. ..Thank you for sharing!
I've only heard of it by name this is the most info I've read about it...I'm a fan of the "any port in a storm method." I do A.A. but I'm also on Naltrexone (in my case it's just a parachute abstinence has been working.) Take whatever works I say.
I did not try it. Abstinence has been the only method that worked for me. How would you describe the thought process that you go through to take the pill? I feel like it has to be similar to the thought process I used not to drink. 
What the heck is Sinclair method?..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) on finding what works for you :)
Wow. It's truly amazing how many people don't know about this method. Even though I've never tried it I've read the full book watched the documentary and listened to TED talks/podcasts on it. I'm a clinician so I understand pharmacological extinction and the method thoroughly (but anyone can understand it). ..All that being said I still haven't tried it. I've come extremely close. I even booked an online appointment with an MD to prescribe it for me (yes you can just do a teleconference online and get a script. So anyone and everyone can get it) but ended up cancelling it. ..I support people using the Sinclair method and 100% believe it in. The studies are legit and speak for themselves. However for me at this point I've found so much happiness by realizing alcohol has lied to me my entire life and I just flat out don't need it. I want to go this route. ..That being said if I ever fall off and can't find a way to get up again I'd be open to TSM. 
I tried it and it works well but the side effects for me were bad at first - I felt like shit. This wore off after taking it regularly for a week or so. Then I would take one when drinking and it kind of took the fun out of drinking and I just wanted to go home early.  After a while I just wouldn't bother drinking most of the time although there was a definite tendency to drink and skip the tablet.  I felt better just giving up  with the odd Xanax now and again. Close to a year now
I saw it on a TED talk and said "what's this?" So I  tried it. It definitely took the reward of drinking away and without the reward I started thinking"beer actually tastes kind of gross." But the drug really messed with my sleep. I couldn't sleep at all.  So I stopped.  ..The hardest part was getting the medication from my physician.  I kept explaining it to her but she didn't get it.  She kept saying"I will prescribe the drug but you can't drink while taking it." But that's not how it works.  You are supposed to take it and keep drinking.  She was like "I'm not an addiction specialist so give me a break." (There's a JAMA article that says the system is simple so general practitioners should put it in their tool box of possible treatments).  Anywho I say give it a shot. I think it could be a miracle for some people
I knew someone in AA who did this and it helped. She was also secretive about it because she was afraid of judgment. I don't do AA anymore so I don't know whether it worked for her in the long term...Personally I think if it's helping you reduce alcohol consumption that's great. I think as a public health policy reduction in consumption through blocking the reward center in the brain is probably more realistic than abstinence for many people. ..You might find your attitude toward alcohol change over time as you consume less of it or stop drinking altogether. I initially stopped drinking as a one-week detox experiment and I never looked back. I am very suspicious of alcohol now and don't want to drink or even try moderation. Sobriety has uncomplicated my life in ways I could not have foreseen. But when I was first starting out I would not have anticipated this. 
I tried it never felt sicker in my life. I just stopped and I been good thus far hopefully it works for you. ..Btw I only took half the recommended dose.
It works for many people.  Glad you mentioned it here.
I am on naltrexone and welbutrin which together are actually a weightloss drug called contrave. I take both in the morning but I can now have a glass of wine with dinner and that's it. Go home don't stop at the liquor store don't smoke a million cigarettes or over eat all of the food. It's really crazy actually and I've only been on it for 2 weeks! 
I have been using Naltrexone for about 5 months and this is my second round. It works for many ppl but you do have to stay compliant and take the pill 1 hour before you start to drink. My first round was 6 months but I didn't have a prescription then.  at that point I cut back 60&amp;#37; on my drinking in 6 months and my goal was not abstinence but the ability to drink occasionally and socially if I wanted.  My progress is about average I'd say from the discussions i have been involved with on other online groups. Some ppl are lucky and "extinction" happens within weeks. ..Once I went off after my first round with Nal my drinking slowly went back to where it had been before Nal it took about 3 months. That's how I know this works at least for me. This time out I'm not measuring my drinks but rather I am aware of the AF \(alcohol\-free\) days. Prior to nal I might have 1 per week now it's getting to every other day that's huge for me! ..I'm so glad this is available AA would have not been an option for me. Very thankful for the research David Sinclair did \(btw he grew up in Cleveland as did I!\).  I tried to quit or cut down on my own but the cravings just swamped me even with the best of intentions.  I played a lot of head games with myself and I always lost lol. ..I did have some mild nausea at first but started with half the regular dose of 50mg until that settled down. I've also read where some take Dramamine \(or similar\) for a while as their reaction was more acute. ..If this interests you check it out at  [the\-sinclair\-method.com](https://the-sinclair-method.com)  
