-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gtha5/college_student_struggling_with_drinking/

Hi guys I could really use some advice and tips because I just am so sick of struggling with my inner demons. I go to a college where the binge drinking culture is very bad and a solid chunk of my friends are alcoholics but don't admit it. But I have to admit I'm an alcoholic. I'm a 21 year old girl and I just don't want to let alcohol control my life even more than it does. I go out 4 times a week I've drank  even in the day to get the courage to talk to people. I've drank alone. I can only have  1 drink  in public but I secretly wish I could have more. I know it's inhibiting the best person I can be but every time I try to stop I get dragged back in. It also sucks because I struggle with depression and my meds make me feel numb and emotionless and I try to combat that with alcohol a lot which is bad. How do you guys deal with cravings and does it get better? Do you guys have any certain phrases you say to your mind to help (for ex:  this craving will pass in a minute don't give in). are there any other college students on this subreddit? If so how did you maintain sobriety in a drinking culture environment? I'm just so lost and this is the first time I've posted on reddit. I see how great this community is and I could really use your kind words. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. For a stary how fantastic that you recognise this so early in youre life... v mature ! Some of my difficulties started in college ...if i were to go back i would get a job or two volunteer commit to hobbies which dont involve drinking and travel . For me the environment centered around drinking so much so changing that would have been v. helpful. In terms of how i cope with cravings i think i have a shorthand re why I'm not drinking e.g. family health energy and quality of life in general. Good luck and ENJOY college  
If you can't change your attitude change your environment. ..Is getting a college degree worth your mental well-being? Maybe your future husband decided not to talk to you because he saw a drunken mess of a human. Maybe your liver is close to failing from binge drinking. Maybe your friends only like you because you drink with them. ..I was an alcoholic in college too. I drank daily. I drank before class. My entire existence revolved around alcohol and my next drink. It turned me into a horrible person. ..I was a serial adulterer. I had horrible grades. I had wicked friends. I started fights. The list goes on and on. ..I hit rock bottom. Drank way too much. Started throwing up black coffee grounds. Horrible ER visit. Having a near death experience really changes one's perspective. ..I dropped out of college..Yes I had blown tens of thousands of dollars. Yes I had invested several years of my life in it. Yes I cut all contact with my friends. Yes I had to get a crappy apartment in a bad part of town. Yes I got a crappy low-paying factory job. Yes I could only afford to eat canned ravioli and noodles. Yes I had to sleep on a $50 air mattress from Wal-Mart. Yes my family disowned me. Yes I felt like the world's dumbest person. ..But you know what? I SURVIVED. Everything was okay. I didn't die. The world didn't end. I literally flipped my entire world upside-down and came out alive. ..Not only did I survive but I began to CHANGE. ..I stopped drinking completely. I began to form legitimate friendships not based on substance abuse. I advanced at my job. I felt healthier. I felt stronger. I became a better boyfriend. I became a better son. ..The funny thing is I eventually went back and finished my degree. But I had to change for that to happen. Radical improvement requires radical change!..1. STOP DRINKING..2. Recognize that you are a sinful fallen human being like the rest of us. ..3. FORGIVE YOURSELF! You can't change the past. There's no use punishing yourself. ..4. Pray to God that he changes you. ..5. Accept God's gift to change you. ..6. Begin the radical change in your life. Remove yourself from your chains. ..It's been 668 days since I started at Step 1. Now I have a beautiful daughter. I have a wonderful wife. I have a comfy home. I have a satisfying job. I have meaningful friendships. I have strong ties to my community. I have an unshakable iron-clad faith in God. ..Take the plunge. Godspeed. Good luck. 
Hey. Fellow 21 year old here...Focus on literally the next hour. Like I'm just getting home from a Mexican restaurant with the bf now and I didn't drink. I just had to make it from 5:00-6:00
A common experience I've read about on here which I've also had is that once people are sober or even when they're just more aware of their alcohol intake and if they go out with friends who drink they're annoyed/surprised/something how little their friends are drinking and how slowly they're drinking their drinks. They just assumed that everybody was drinking as much as they were but it wasn't the case. I know I would often be on drink three while somebody I was with was still on drink one!..In the same way while you may see everybody around you drinking to excess there probably are people in your school who don't drink or who drink less that you aren't familiar with. Maybe a close friend of yours who could be your sobriety buddy is also wanting to lessen or stop their drinking. There could even be a sobriety support group like AA on your campus there's sober friends right there! Also remember that there's a good amount of people your age who aren't in college or who might go to the community college or some other school in your area which may have a different culture. If you want a particular type of friend and aren't surrounded by them you have to go out and find them. It's hard but it's so worth it...You've taken a big step to recognize you want to change your relationship with alcohol and seek some support from the good folks here on SD you can do it!
Keep yourself busy with internships/jobs and find friends who don't drink. There is no easy way it will still be tough. 
I only got into drinking cause of college parties. Just remember when you graduate and down the road. Friends come and go. But that inner demon doesn't. That stays with you. Learn to control it now so you are safe when you become our age 
I was in the same situation. There isn't an easy answer unfortunately. I was a chronic relapser until I made significant changes in my life and the people I had around me. The first little while of sobriety it's just too dangerous to keep hanging around the same people going to the same parties thinking that you will be able to control yourself. I couldn't and I spent the last 2 years trying and failing to keep living my life the same way except sober. I had to find new hobbies and friends change my lifestyle completely. I spend time volunteering now go to the gym have sober friends (and still occasionally will see my old friends during the day or for dinner but I don't go out). .It's hard to get sober in college but I did and you can. wishing you all the best.
I'm at university too about to complete my third year. 3 years of it while an alcoholic. I don't think I can help you much. I'm a loner for the most part. I avoid most of the social life because none of it interests me. There should be plenty of alcohol free places... your home libraries  workrooms etc. I'd personally distance myself from drunk college friends. The odds of a college student quitting alcohol is abysmal. ..I'm doing well academically but life was always chaos. The planning the hiding and the hangovers. Always feeling behind and actually being behind. The feeling of dread with every Monday hoping the area under the eyes didn't look too dark (it did). I wouldn't be surprised if quite a few people thought I was on drugs (not the kind they expected).
What helped me stop drinking in college is when my Mom told me "that no one ever looks back on their life and wish they partied more in college." I am still in college and look back on this quote all the time. 
Many other people are leaving you good advice about phrases but I thought I'd comment on the medication aspect...One thing to consider is the impact your alcohol has on your medication. I tried for 4-5 years taking about 20 different medications to try to find something that fits. Low and behold when I stopped drinking and took my medication frequently it did a great job! HOWEVER not all medication works and you have to try different types. So don't be afraid about pushing for changes with your Dr's and try to see a psychologist.  ..Beyond medication there are a lot of little life changes which when added up can really make things easier. Try the gym meditation or groups. At  my campus the health center has addiction groups you can go to. ..Another thing that helped me a lot is avoidance of alcohol. For like two months I avoided alcohol at all costs while I got my other ducks in a row. I didn't go to parties with lots of alcohol I avoided the alcohol areas in the store and I didn't go to a bar! In fact I didn't go to the store for a couple weeks because I was too afraid. Long term avoidance isn't the key but short term it was for me...I had the perception that everyone at school partied (drink drugs whatever) but it's not so. When I went to rehab it was sort of funny because everyone there thought everyone partied all the time. However we surround ourselves with other addicts (as you pointed out). Avoiding alcohol and those associated with it was an incredibly important step in "recovery". ..There are friends you can make through classes or clubs. Unfortunately I can not control my drinking and I had to stop interacting with some people who were alcoholics alongside me. I see some of the people now around town but I found that our only bond was drinking. We had nothing to really do with each other besides drink...I'd say try to implement some small positive life changes. Make sure you have no alcohol around so if you want to drink you have to travel somewhere. ..Focus on the idea of just a moment of craving at a time for example think of all the shitty classes you had to get through to get where you are and how slow a day could be. Now looking back it doesn't seem like that big of a deal at all. Things are much easier for me when I think about only not drinking for a day. Focusing on the rest of my life seems so overwhelming. I suggest you take the same idea to classes or papers too! Just focus on one test on one part of your paper...don't get overwhelmed by some abstract...Lastly go to your health center. There are so many resources and alcoholism is so widespread in our culture they really have a lot of experience and can help you. I was always ashamed and afraid to go get help but realizing how common this is really helped me reach out...Hope things are well.
Please take it from a 33 year old who coped with burying his mother at 17 and his big sister at age 22... drinking makes everything worse!!!..Anxiety is worse!.Sleep is worse!.Brain is worse!.Relationships are worse!.Talking to people gets HARDER AND HARDER when you drink. ..I really encourage you to hang out here on SD every day. Alcohol controlled me for over a decade and I'm finally in control because I'm drinking ZERO alcohol. ..It's hard at your age but if you need help just do what you did and post here. If you have access to counseling that helped me a lot too. ..You can do it!!  You are your best self when you're sober!!  I believe in your strength!! :)
I'm almost 50 but I should have quit drinking in college or before. Yes our culture is booze centered but there are people of all ages that don't drink or who don't drink to excess. I've had terrible anxiety my whole life and meds never worked for me. Since I quit drinking my anxiety is through the roof but I'm just accepting it - fighting it makes it worse. It is getting better. AA therapy keeping a journal meditation deep breathing and exercise have all helped. It's a major shift to be sober and enjoy life otherwise you're just a dry drunk. You'd be amazed at how much strength you really have when you commit. Good luck!
Fellow college student here. My alcoholism got incredibly horrible to the point where I had to take the semester off and come home to get help. I always said I'd  deal with it  once I graduated but that was the addiction talking. Don't let your college experience be controlled by the obsession to drink. I let most of my college years get absolutely hijacked by drinking and I wish I had more legitimate sober memories instead of half there memories about a drunken night out. It goes without saying that college makes alcoholism worse because while my friends could binge drink on the weekends and put it down come Sunday.. my drinking continued on and on because every hour of every day became a  good time  to drink. Eventually I became physically dependent and then it all went down hill quickly. The college culture is a horrible place for a person with an alcohol problem.. I'd recommend finding a support system ASAP. AA or an outpatient program. I wish you all the best. 
Funny thing is I didn't drink much when I went to college even though I went to a college with a huge (and often  controversial) drinking culture. I think part of the reason why was because I got all my drinking out of the way when I was in the Army but decided if I wanted to get my degree I better not go out and party. Living at home with my Mom helped me reinforce that decision as she did not drink and frowned upon seeing me drink since my Dad always drank a lot. For reasons not alcohol related it took 6-1/2 years but I finally graduated and am in a career where I get to utilize my education and get paid well for it; and I don't want to jeopardize what I got by going out drinking and getting in trouble.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
