-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gu6ta/hey_everyone/

Hi just made this account to try and find help. For maybe a few months now my drinking seems to have become a real problem in my life. I drink 750ml of whiskey every day. I'm not sure if it justifies as the shakes but my heart rate/anxiety spikes hard if I don't drink. I've been struggling with depression and anxiety since I was 18 and have been smoking marijuana chronically since I was probably 16. I've always struggled with addiction (pretty much anything addictive) but it's never felt like this. Now 6 years later I've learned how freaking effective alcohol is at just destroying those problems even if only for a few hours (tops). My story isn't unique or different from anyone who has addiction issues I'm just running from pain I don't want to deal with. I've thought about trying a meeting but I'm pretty self-concious and don't know if I belong there. I'm afraid I'm just gone. So I really don't have support and just wanted to try posting here. Thanks and godspeed to anyone else hurting.
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. Today is rough for me but starting was so much harder. Good for you for taking the first steps and recognizing you may have a problem. I posted a ton for my first week here and almost treated it like a diary. It's really helpful to share with others who understand....I try to speak from the "I" here as in don't give direct advice. I was lucky to not experience too severe of a physical withdrawal from the alcohol in the beginning. Thankfully I read the sidebar which has decent advice because withdrawal or "shakes" can be very dangerous for some. There is lots of great info here....I wish you the best of luck on your journey. I know I'm just a stranger but I'm proud of you and I know how scary it is to suddenly have to face problems you've been drinking to avoid. Somehow I've made it this far and it does get easier. IWNDWYT my friend!
AA would welcome you with open arms :) I go for the connection. Don't know where you live but in here in the city they have meetings especially for young people too and they have quite the sober social life. 
Welcome aboard!..It's surprising how quick a drinking problem can start to spiral and at some point hangovers start turning into withdrawal symptoms (anxiety and fast heartbeat/palpitations being among them) and various nasty consequences start to sneak up.....My first step was to speak to my doctor openly and honestly about my drinking and I was given medication to help make withdrawal safer and easier... You are drinking quite a lot so that would be a good first step as a serious case of withdrawal can be dangerous and it's best not left up to chance.....Here's a couple of resources which also helped:..The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Having support via this sub was a game-changer for me but there are also recovery programmes IRL such as AA or SMART which you could explore too.....There are a couple of links on the sidebar of r/alcoholism about what you might expect at a first meeting have a read and see if it's something you feel might help?..When people with drinking problems talk to *other people* with drinking problems in recovery *everyone benefits*... for goodness sake try *something* and keep trying until you find what works for *you*!..I had several attempts to quit all on my own and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it... With the right knowledge tools and support it's been totally do-able and I wish I'd done it years ago.....Hope that helps! Keep us posted on how you're doing......Best wishes ..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
This sounds a lot like me.  I'm new here too but have been hovering around the group for almost a year.  That was when I realized not only that my addition was ruining my life but that I couldn't ignore it any longer...Alcohol has been my daily vacation from the pain inside me for years.  And I've had times when it's been better like when I starting seeing a therapist for this first time or when I first got on medication for my anxiety.  I've really only been sober for a few days but posting here for the first time is helping me stay dedicated to it.  I have really bad social anxiety too.  But the encouragement I've gotten here is helping me feel like I can get it together and go to some kind of meeting so that I can get the support I need. ..If I'm not gone I bet you're not gone either.  Thank you for sharing your story. I will not drink with you today.
You absolutely would be welcome and belong in AA or any other support group. It is extremely difficult to impossible to do this on your own - you NEED the help of others to get well! Don't be afraid to ask for help. It can get so much better but first you need to be honest and take the first step. Rehab treatment programs are also an excellent way to go and despite the stigma they can be extremely helpful in early recovery. Alcoholism is a disease and you can't be fired from your job for seeking help - just like you can't be fired for having cancer...Best of luck and let me know if you want to talk.
You have support now! You know you you hear "admitting it is the first step?" well you just admitted it. Whether you realize it or not you have taken the first small step towards a better life...If there is one thing I could recommend it's don't let fear stop you from asking for help. The first time I got sober I hit the point where I was drinking close to 750ml of whiskey several nights a week. One morning I woke up in my bathroom floor not for the first time and decided enough was enough. I was scared to death to ask for help. I knew if I didn't take some action that day I would talk myself out of it. So I went to my boss and told him. I basically said "hey I'm going to the doctor today to get help with my drinking. All I want from you is to keep me honest. Ask me tomorrow if I went." I knew I needed to tell someone or I wouldn't do it...Long story short that kicked off what would later be one of the best years of my life. I went through an out patient program and got sober for a year. I of course had mistakes and bumps along the way. But that's a story for another time. My point is I didn't do it alone. ..This group is great. People here will support you. Please don't admit defeat. Try something. AA medical provider self help books counselor. Try anything! What do you have to lose? You can always go back to how things are now. Worst case you fall back down. Best case you make a positive change in your life and really start to get into what's hurting you instead of letting alcohol take from you. Good luck friend. It won't be easy but you can do it. From one soul to another. IWNDWYT
Welcome friend you are in the right place :\)..Woody has already given you some fantastic advice so I just wanted to chime in and send you some supportive vibes. This is totally doable you just have to take it day by day. We are here for you!
I was in the same boat... to the point where I didn't feel well without alcohol. It's a vicious cycle. And once you get to that point yeah it sucks to get off it. But it's so worth it. Even just a month letter I feel mentally physically and emotionally healthier than I have in years. You can do it. 
I managed to hit the 750 mls vodka range daily as a 90 lbs woman.  It's not inconceivable but the fact that you're here speaks volumes. ..Stick around a bit and see if this community helps. It did wonders for me but one size doesn't fit all.
