-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gvhaw/advice_on_dealing_with_boredom/

Tomorrow marks 6 months and I am feeling SO proud of myself however I am really struggling with boredom lately. It makes it so tempting to go out and have a drink or buy a bottle of wine and take it home. Anyone else dealing with this issue and have any advice? IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Have you picked up a hobby?  I started cycling again and am still riding 3-5 times a week. 
Have you thought about learning something new?  Perhaps a  hobby? Volunteer?  I love to read.  Reading is a great cure for boredom.  How about a meetup group.  They have wide variety of activities and ages and interests. How about a class?  Free concerts and museums.  IWnDWYT
I'm having this issue as well. I can only exercise so much! I've been listening to audiobooks that's pretty fun 
Sometimes when I'm bored I cook.Read a book   .Go on SD.Go to work.Count my money.Play with my hair.Trim my nails.Clean the cat.Watch my birds do weird stuff like lean over too far and almost tipping over.Do a face mask.Clean my house..Notice cleaning my house is at the bottom.  That's because I cleaned so furiously and so much while quitting I'm all wore out for a bit on that.  ..I like to remember that if my train of thought ends with drinking could be that **I'm on the wrong train**..There used to be a bored list on the sidebar to look up ideas for activities i bet it's still there.  IWNDWYT ...
I'm getting a lot of use from my library card. I'm catching up on everything I should have read and watched while I was drinking. I'm also sprucing up my place which passes a lot of time and is quite satisfying. Congrats on 6 months!
I feel ya. Do you go to the gym? A 6 day split can be really helpful.  
I started decluttering all the junk in my house that I've accumulated over the last few decades and that I no longer want or need.  I just couldn't get started doing any of that while I was still drinking...I've learned that decluttering is a never-ending process just like stopping the drink.
Coloring books have been doing a lot for me.  It's a stress free engaging activity.  And you don't have to stay in the lines if you don't want to.
Also this book i just finished called Blackout the author talks about picking up guitar finally when she got sober. I agree if you have the time you can really throw yourself into learning something new that you have always wanted to learn. Or journal or read. 
art music books beach swim surf start a small biz write poetry rap? lol are you in AA?
