-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8gw6ip/struggling_to_quit_at_what_point_should_i/

10-15+ drinks daily for the past ~7 years. Usually whiskey occasionally beer. ..I've tried going cold turkey I've tried tapering I started going to AA meetings and even got a sponsor... but I'm still struggling to actually commit to sobriety...The longest I've gone is 3 weeks but at this point I'm having trouble even getting to 3 days...I have decent insurance and my job should be safe... I know that I need help and I can't do this on my own but rehab honestly seems like a last resort kinda thing. I keep thinking that I'm better than that but clearly I'm not. ..Any advice / stories / experiences?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! Congrats on seeking help and recognizing you want to change...I personally did not go to rehab but I have met several people for whom it saved their lives. Some were forced others were voluntary. In the end it's just another tool to get you on the path toward sobriety (albeit a more intensive one). There's also outpatient treatments available that involve a combination of rehab AA etc. ..Alcoholism doesn't require a hard rock bottom to warrant intervention and neither does rehab. If your insurance and job are stable for it and you feel otherwise helpless then there is no harm in going now; there may be harm if you can't find your stride without it and end up having no other recourse down the road. You can also just call these places and discuss your options...Hope this helps. We're here if you need it! IWNDWYT :)
My first ten days were in the hospital which I guess is its own kind of rehab. It was the best thing that ever happened to me.
I honestly think you know the answer as you already typed it out but as you said "I keep thinking that I'm better than that" and to me that is what is holding you back but remember there is no shame in asking for help no matter how difficult it may seem.
I did 30 days of inpatient treatment back in February. Best decision I've ever made. I learned way better coping skills a different mind set and I truly enjoy my sobriety now. Everyone is different but I really took this to heart and absorbed everything I could. It's made me a way better husband father person and employee. 
I would think if you coukd quit for 3 weeks and wlare willing to go to AA meetings then rehab is a luxury and nit a necessity. But that is just my opinion. AA saved my ass but I discovered it after I had already checked myself into a pysch hospital for depression. ..IWNDWYT 
If you can manage to do rehab do it. I wasn't able to because I'm a sole breadwinner and couldn't afford to take the time off work. Had I been able to go I would have in a heart beat. 
I did a month of rehab in January.  Best thing I ever did. Very focused time spent on ME and meetings and groups and structure and discipline...I've been sober for almost 4 months and my relationship with alcohol has drastically changed.  IWNDWYT. 
I waited way to long to seek help but better late than never. Completely understand the asking for help issue. But once I finally took the step.... it's been the best thing I've ever done. 
