-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8h3zjm/i_feel_terrified/

I know my drinking now is in binges. I don't drink everyday only because I can't afford to but I know I binge when I get the chance to drink.  One is too many and a thousand is never enough.  is me whether I'm able to continuously drink or get a binge in...I'm tired of the cycle...Even though I know what total sobriety feels like and how much I loved it (Years ago I was sober. I have been cycling through my drinking patterns ever since I relapsed) I feel a strong fear of letting this go. I feel a strong fear of having to deal and not having my crutch (which I know it is a matter of time for me before I find my opportunity to allow this to get even worse...again). I feel fearful of everything...I don't know. I just feel so confused sad angry and just mad. I want to be sober but I don't want to be all at once even though I know I want to be. I hope that makes sense. It is like I'm mad at myself either way for having to deal with this all over again period. ..All I really know in this confusion is that for the next 24 hours I will be sober. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I know what you are feeling...torn in two between not wanting to drink and wanting to hang on to the identity of a drinker I had in my head.  That's what scared me most losing my identity and my crutch.  I found when I finally got through enough days one day at a time things became clearer and easier for me.  I don't need alcohol.  Now I love being sober and have hope again.  ..I wish you the very best! 
It's okay to feel afraid especially when letting go of something that we've been relying on to get us through life. But the thing is it was only masking the problems and not making them go away. We don't want to let go of the hell that we know because it's familiar and comfortable - but that's exactly what we need to do in order to reach the light on the other side.
I was a certified binge drinker as well and i know this feeling all to well. I focused on all of the close calls I had years of getting behind the wheel with the "Oh im ok" attitude. When I focus on this now i get angry at myself and it fuels my desire to stay sober. Knock on wood I never got a dui  or hurt anyone. It could have happened though. It makes drinking seem way less cool when looked at through this perspective. I contribute it to my 200 some days sober. Good luck to you. I won't drink with you today.
