-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8h67yd/10_days_sober/

I started drinking pre teen years I am now 53 I have tried to stop on the past but never succeeded for me to carry on drinking is a death sentence. I am struggling without the drink and looking for ideas or suggestions that will help me stay sober. I won't drink today
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on double digits!..In my experience I found that I had to make new friends develop new hobbies and find ways to 'replace' my drinking time. Going to the gym helps me both physically and mentally...[Here's](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored) some cool ideas...Do you have any hobbies? Is there anything new you'd like to try?
Greetings and congrats on the 10 days. ..I don't know if you have looked at the recovery programs. AA saved my ass and is the only one that I am familiar with but there are links to all of the major ones on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit. ..AA taught me this was not my fault but it was my problem. The good news is that uou don't have to face it alone. ..IWNDWYT 
10 days is amazing.  Come here everyday and tell us what's going on. 
Congrats on 10 days! I'm at 42 days so we are both in early recovery..Last year after 10 years of daily drinking I did 60 days sober before a friend started taking me to AA...I was kinda overwhelmed by AA because I had assumed quitting drinking just meant quitting drinking. So I let the program sink in realized how much effort and work went into long term sobriety. I made it to 90 days then I caved in...Anyways I am back at it again and I do an online meeting every day. There aren't many face to face meetings in my area...List of online meetings:..http://aa-intergroup.org/directory.php..A lot of them use conference calls or zoom and Skype for video. There are online chat meetings but I prefer to hear people's voices when they share...Also I found a sponsor on Reddit. She's been a huge support...Even if you don't do AA you will need the support of sober folks. No one can do this alone...10 days is forever. That's a huge deal. .
Hey .. Do you have any hobbies? I have my guitar. IWNDWYT 
Things that help me are comedy videos (distraction) jigsaws ( doing something with your hands) meditation guided relaxation exercise (running yoga on YouTube) crosswords writing seeing a therapist non alcoholic grape juice talking nice to myself. 
Congratulations on 10 days. That's truly impressive. I watched a ton of Youtube videos on sobriety over that last year and something I heard a few times was that it's way more difficult to try NOT to do something than it is to try to DO something. I think what this means is that when I focused on not drinking I was tiring my brain out and that made me more prone to relapse. It takes some time but focusing on what I want to do appears to be more efficient than spending the day telling myself that I don't want to drink. Also and this was huge for me congratulate yourself for any victory no matter how small. I made a big deal about smiling as I got into bed sober woke up sober or was able to walk around the block without my heart rate spiking. Positive reinforcement/self-talk goes a long way. I won't drink with you today.
I actually found her on Reddit! She left a really great comment on a post of mine and shared some of her story which had a lot of similarities to mine. Her and I both struggle with disordered eating and PTSD stuff in addition to alcohol. So she understands the frustration and hardship of coping with multiple unmanageable afflictions. .Like I said I don't have many face to face options here..The online meeting I attend regularly can be found at portlandeyeopener.com. It's 6AM PST. 7AM my time..I pray that you find the strength to keep pushing through each day and that you find supportive people in this journey. We can't do this alone. Be well.
Well I can't give her name because of the anonymous thing but she's just a fellow AA member with 5 years sobriety.
