-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8h8jz9/how_do_you_fight_the_fkits/

Honestly I'm struggling today to see the point in longterm sobriety. I know I can keep going for a while but scared because I fear I will fall off the wagon eventually. The main cause is I just say fuckit my life sucks anyway. How do you fight the fuckits? When your life just looks like one very long uphill battle. I'm OK for now but when I play my tape forward and see the uphill battle ahead of me I just feel like throwing in the towel. I know one day at a time but for me I also know this not drinking thing has to be forever. 
----------immediate responses--------

There was a great [post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ckhyv/how_to_deal_with_a_case_of_the_fuck_its_repost_2/) which might give you some ideas.....The book/YouTube Channel '*This Naked Mind*' and the book '*Alcohol Explained*' really helped me understand my drinking problem and gave me some useful tools to stop and *stay* stopped without feeling like I was depriving myself or missing out on anything.....Hang in there the first few weeks can be the hardest but it does get easier the more time and distance you can put between yourself and the last drink......IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Shit. I don't know. Some people relapse hard and find (surprise surprise) whatever sucked before sucks worse...w hangovers sleep deprivation less money worse physical and mental condition...The stuff that sucked in my life...some of it still does. But since a long sober spell and a spell of drinking but not getting 'faces (and now quitting again) I have been able to improve some of what I didn't like. If I'd been drinking hard and continuously I wouldn't have...Another thing for me is that whether my life was shit or awesome I didn't want to be a salve to alcohol. I didn't want it to be influencing my judgements decisions relationships. ..I can't think of anything it helped me do. ..
Been there. For me the answer was on the other side of not drinking. My life is better now for sure. Before I was pretty despondent figured I would just keep going with the misery 'til I was dead...I also can't think about forever. I found that when I focused on one day at a time I could fairly often forget about forever.
As someone who has fallen victim to the fuck-it's so many times they are so full of shit! I always figured that hey I got sober and if I could get sober once I can do it again. There's always a plethora of reasons. I'm still young and all my friends are doing it I was stressed out overworked bored unable to really relax and at least a glass of wine was something to look forward to. But guess what ALCOHOL MAKES EVERYTHING WORSE. It always goes the same way. I do well having two glasses a night but over time it causes me to get more stressed out. I don't sleep as well I get tired and cranky and I fall behind on my work and let things go around the house because I want to "relax" with my wine which really isn't very relaxing because I have a harder time concentrating on my shows or getting my ass off the couch. So eventually I'm 10x more stressed out still bored things are even worse than I they were before I'm ditching my drinking friends to hang out and my wine at home  and because everything sucks I'm just going to get drunk. Cue the hangover from hell and I realize once again I was so much happier sober. Alcohol sucks and it's not ever worth it!..
25 years later and the only long term sobriety I am aware of is what is behind me. I didn't sign up to quit forever. I started out and quit for 30 days. Liked how I felt and kept going to meetings. One day I realized the obsession was gone and I still felt better thn before. Today I'm just someone that doesn't drink. I don't worry about how I am not going to drink tomorrow or the next social event. I handle them like I handle today. I just don't drink alcohol. No desire. ..It takes time but it does get easier. ..IWNDWYT 
These are all such great replies. Thanks bunches. I was losing my motivation but feeling stronger thanks to your support. I think I am also grieving the crutch that wasn't working. I know that makes no sense. I hate alcohol and the way my body metabolizes it. I almost never get hangovers and if I do it's usually because I have been smoking something I almost only do when I'm drinking. I've quit that.  And yeah I wish I could be OK with just doing 30 days but due to multiple health issues I know it has to be forever. It really is very similar to getting out of an abusive relationship something I've done quite a few times. This time it's with myself. Anyone been through that? It's very confusing and clearly dysfunctional. It's like I'm craving wanting to hurt myself because that is comfortable. Yes I know how messed up that is. Just needing to vent right now. Thanks for reading. Anywho IWNDWYT!  
My mantras today. "I'm not going to drink. I'm going to get better". "Alcohol is poison. You're better than that."
Maybe you would like Russell Brand's book Recovery.
Life doesn't suck so bad when I have some time under my belt. All I have to do is not drink and everything else is improving albeit slowly without a huge amount of effort. But I do put a lot of effort into recovery and service. It gets me out of my own head to talk to other people. We're all connected in one big life anyways so my little sucky parts are not worth drinking over :) Besides I'm probably better off than billions of other people on the planet if I have a house and know where my next meal is coming from. See what I did there. Gratitude journaling is also something that works.
