-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hcmoy/connundrum/

Very few people know about me admitting that I have a problem and that I'm quitting drinking. My husband told his sister because she is a great support to him however she and I haven't talked about it yet. In a few weeks there is a girls trip heading out of town and my sister in law is meeting us there (she lives fairly far away). My husband just came home and said that he talked to her and that she said I have to tell everyone going that I'm an alcoholic and that's what I'm not drinking that if I just say I'm laying off I'll get pressure from them. I am having a lot of thoughts about all of this..1) I hate that other people are deciding what I need to do. I understand that her intentions are good but it drives me crazy..2) I am not happy to be getting this information second hand my husband was mad at me and his delivery was less than kind so it made the whole thing much worse. .3) I want to be able to keep this close to my chest to tell people how and when I want to and I don't feel like I'm getting that right...I know you have all been here dealt with the struggle of having to slog through the bs of getting enough time under your belt to be trusted and for there to be less stigma. I can't wait for that day. My husband is still very hurt and he's taking it out on me a bit and I feel like I just need to take it because I did this to our lives. It's awful..
----------immediate responses--------

Well that's a bunch of utter BS. I'm outraged for you! Your sobriety is your business. I'd cancel that damned trip if it were me. ..You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. Those days came to an end for both of us on the day we put down the bottle. 
Can you maybe not go. Is that an option.   
Very rarely   and this situation would certainly qualify if I were in your shoes   I will calmly respond to someone's idea with  Yeah... I'm not doing that.  ..I don't say anything else until they talk. ..It's powerful because I truly believe it (which shows). Because I stay totally calm. And because I rarely use it. ..Personally I wouldn't miss a trip that I was excited about over this. I would say  Cool idea but no I'm not doing that...  and let them get over it. ..At the end of the day you're the only one in charge of your body and your sobriety   WHICH IS WHY YOU ARE SOBER RIGHT NOW. That includes how you talk about it...You get a lot of credit for that! Keep your Big Girl pants on. You'll do great. We believe in you. 
Sometimes people need a good swift kick in the brain for it to actually work.  I would follow some version of the below steps if it were me...Step one: "Fuck all of you.  Problem solved.  I'm not going.  Not up for discussion.".Step two: "As for you (husband) what the actual fuck?  My privacy and discretion isn't important to you?  Don't get mad at me because I'm actually quite pissed off at your lack of common sense right now.".Step three: "Once you have all pulled your collective pinheads out of your asses I'll talk like an adult with any and all of you to explain my decision based on your ultimatum.  Until you reflect on some sensitivity with actual critical thinking here is a pillow and a blanket.  Enjoy wherever you choose to sleep on it.  Goodnight."
