-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hdgxy/checking_in_because_im_really_struggling/

I'm not drinking today...As I've mentioned in a couple previous comments social anxiety self-loathing and overwhelming loneliness have been major themes in my life my drinking and now my sobriety. It feels like it's only getting worse...I moved to a new city a few years ago. I have about four people total here that I would consider friends. All but one of them have been extremely flaky lately and as of this writing I haven't been out with a friend in over a month. I feel like I'm losing it guys...Also previously mentioned I've told very few people about my sobriety. Of those only a couple know it's due to me having A Problem with drinking. No meetings no one to really talk to when I'm struggling...I know I should go to a meeting but my self-consciousness makes it where interacting with people is more stressful than rewarding. I interviewed last Monday for a position I've been pursuing that would be a significant professional achievement and I think I did really well. But instead of focusing on that I'm hyper-analyzing my wording during one of my answers. ..I'm just a mess. I see a lot of posters mention having a pet or significant other to ease the loneliness. I have neither of those. I did but they're gone and the last few years of disappointing dates and trying to make friends have left me more jaded and generally misanthropic than ever. ..I don't know what to do. The thought of "putting myself out there" is terrifying. My therapist suggested I go to a movie which I do fairly often. Shows coffee shops you name it all solo endeavors. I criticize myself for "talking to much" to people I interact with since I barely talk to anyone outside of work. Most people would describe me as quiet and shy. ..I don't know what's wrong with me. I've been at the gym all but like 5 days since I quit drinking. I've been updating my wardrobe looking good being productive at work. I know drinking won't help but I miss giving less of a fuck. Having that self-reinforcing negative feedback loop telling me that people suck and the world is going to shit is easier than trying to build something meaningful and feeling like I'm failing miserably. I didn't expect this to be easy and I anticipated this windfall of emotional resistance. But it just feels so overwhelming right now...On a somewhat related note music has always been my refuge. One of my favorite artists Black Moth Super Rainbow released a gorgeous (and topical!) album yesterday called Panic Blooms. It deals with loss and depression and it's pretty dark. It has made me cry at least 3 times so far...This track Permanent Hole is really speaking to me...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkWo6sL-WnI..I'm afraid to post this because it's long and I'm anxious it sounds too self-pitying. Thank you for reading...IWNDWYT. Much love fellow sobernauts.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered picking up a hobby?  It helped me dramatically in coping with loneliness and all the free sober time.
Occupy your time that includes the time that you spend in your head...I'm probably so poorly qualified to speak about this because my flair is nowhere near correct. I want to get that out of the way but I want you to know what has worked for me when I haven't been too stubborn...It seems like you have some issues with a lack of social life and that's not to say that you have to hang out with people from meetings but I honestly feel like those tend to heavily temper my temptation to drink. It's probably something that I need to start doing more often again.
Hey friend I'm really sorry that I don't have loads of suggestions for you but I just wanted to you to know that you have sympathetic support out here. Being lonely is hard to live with and hard to overcome but any relief drinking would give you would be fleeting and quickly make you feel worse about things...You don't sound self pitying at all   just stuck in a rut that's hard to break out of. Can you distract yourself by getting out for a long walk somewhere new or even doing something vaguely touristy so you re out of the house and getting a little human interaction for a while?..Can you make plans with your friends and tell them you're feeling a little low?  People can get very distracted and just not realise what's going on with us if we don't share.  ..And please remember that meetings and groups need quiet people too   the extroverts need an audience! Being a good listener is way more important in friendship than being outgoing long term.  ..You're making so many positive changes to improve things   I know it's hard but I see it as like one of those machines at an arcade that you have to keep popping coins into so they drop in the right place to eventually topple over the edge and then you get the payoff.  Probably a terrible analogy but I really hope you find something that makes the difference for you.  Sober on and best wishes.
I don't have much of an answer for you but I could have written your post myself. I've moved around a lot and don't have the time for pets. My last relationship ended a couple years ago and I haven't met anyone new since. I have plenty of hobbies but making friends through them has not happened. The few close friends that I do have prioritize socializing with couples with kids so I'll regularly go 3-4 weeks without seeing a friend. My next step is a meeting although I've been putting it off for a long time. 
I'm sorry you're feeling so lonely loneliness is a terrible place to be. I recently moved to a new city and know zero people and that has been the case for about six months. Some days it doesn't bother me a lick and sometimes I cry for no reason at all and then I realize it's probably because I haven't had any interaction with other human beings the last three days. Meeting people and making friends is hard work. ..That's great that you're seeing a therapist and talking to them about this. And you have a lot to be proud of with 69 days under your belt. It's a drag but keep putting yourself out there and meeting people there ARE people who will be your "tribe" and who you'll really enjoy the company of and be able to lean on in times of strife. ..I'm sorry I don't have anything particularly enlightening to say. I hope things look up for you I hear that your hurting and I feel some of your pain and I know that feeling of not having a shoulder to cry on or people to support you. Just know everybody here at SD is rooting for you your sobriety and your quest to find happiness and meaning in life &lt;3. 
I'm glad you posted. There is nothing wrong with you. You are great just the way you are.
I experienced something similar for a long time avoided social interactions felt awkward everywhere especially in meetings...I found that by isolating I simply made myself more sensitive to the anxiety. It was like training myself to feel overwhelmed at less and less stimuli. The only way I found out of it was by doing the opposite forcing myself to feel discomfort until I started getting less sensitive and realizing it wasn't killing me. In fact I felt such a huge weight lifted off my shoulders by getting a sponsor and doing the steps even though the road there was so uncomfortable...I don't know any other way to overcome fear than to walk through it and find yourself on the other side completely ok. 
I recently moved to a new town &amp; don't know many folks at all. In a way the isolation from friends/family has helped me stop drinking again.(most of them drink)...I'm on day 43 and yep the loneliness gets frustrating...I attend an online AA meeting every AM and those folks really support me and cheer me up. Not the same as real life human contact but it's still a great help &amp; a main highlight of my day. Far less intimidating as well...Here's a list:.http://aa-intergroup.org/directory.php..IDK if that helps. Loneliness is also common for people who move to a new city. Eventually more relationships come along.
I feel you about meetings. It's hard because groups are really good for reinforcing habit change. You might try refuge recovery like half of each meeting is guided meditation so it's not that talk focused. Also there's SMART which is cognitive behaviour based and has lots of online meetings. I find podcasts and following sober folks on Instagram helps me too. I created a separate secret IG account where I only follow sobriety accounts and post there. And of course this sub! Hang in there IWNDWYT
Sorry you're feeling bad! Consider seeing a therapist/counselor? You sound so blue and a professional might have ideas for helping that we don't know...I wish you peace and  IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Daily meditation has had a profound effect on my mood and anxiety levels. My therapist suggested 20 minutes a day. It's incredible how it has helped my social anxiety. Research shows it helps create and strengthen neural pathways that lead to positive thinking. I used to get stuck in negative\-thought feedback loops that would keep me from getting out there and being social. I'm still working on it but it helps tremendously.
I feel you on the loneliness and isolation and social anxiety and shyness and all that. Since I spend so much time alone when I'm not at work it's a constant struggle to not succumb to that voice that says "Go get a bottle. No one would know and no one would find out." ..I too feel a lot of the time that the world is going to shit in a handbag and it's terrifying to watch. I can only speak from my experience but having faith in a higher power at work on our behalf helps me tremendously. It gives me a reason for why I exist a reason to help others get out of my head and to not worry so freaking much. I don't go to AA but I do believe that there's help outside of us and we can be a blessing to others by offering ourselves in love. That helps with the isolation and anxiety. Not drinking with you today.
Making new friends and having a good support system is very very important. A lot of people who are depressed are really lonely and most of their depression would probably go away if they had others to spend quality time with.
I feel like I was struggling quite a bit around the 70-day mark. I was crying a LOT and feeling overwhelmed by every-day life and the shittiness that exists in the world.  I turned into a hermit whenever possible and spent a lot of my free time at home.   So let me just say that for me a lot of those feelings were temporary and have passed (or at least do not consume me entirely). ..I have difficulty sometimes being around new people but I also enjoy being around people - which is very disorienting.  But I found a local bookstore that holds a book club each month that I enjoy going to and I don't have to talk - I still get the feeling of being part of a group but without the anxiety of small talk.  
Hi. I have found it far easier to stay sober and to make friends when I hang out with sober people. They also tend to do things that don't "require" alcohol to be "fun"...The best part of the whole thing is that sober people are really easy to find and will know exactly what it is that you are going through because we have as well...The social "awkwardness" the feeling of not belonging of loneliness when you are in a crowd the mind that just will not stop going in circles and always always going to the "I am a fuck up" part of the story...Oh yeah I almost forgot to tell you WHERE to find these sober people. They hang out at an AA meeting and if you are anywhere near a large city you can find meetings that are specifically for Young People...Everyone I have ever met that has successfully stayed sober for a decade or more has done it with AA meetings in their life. ..I know I know "But the God Thing!" you will find AA does NOT require a God and very little effort is given to God...Mainly it is people simply trying to stay sober for another day and it is much easier to stay sober in a crowd of sober people. ..Go for the fellowship not the program. It really does work.
I struggle with social anxiety too.   ..The facts you mention that stood out to me were this: you are doing well professionally and you have four friends. That is good! It sounds like your inner life and your outer life don't quite match up. Does that make sense?   ..Don't beat yourself up over what you think you don't have. Try to enjoy what you do have. I know it is painful to put yourself out there when you have social anxiety but keep trying. It sounds like you are doing a great job at that. I think it will pay off for you in the long run.   ..IWDWYT!
Just a thought but the music you listen to can have a profound effect on your mood. If what you are listening to makes you cry and is pretty dark as you say it's probably not the best thing to listen to and if I'm honest is a little self indulgent. I used to do this all the time when I was depressed listen to depressive music and bathe in my self pity and it is good to express those emotions but not necessary all the time. Listen to what you want just throwing it out there.
Being sober in a new city can be so isolating. Applying for jobs is always nerve-wracking...It's great that you're in therapy and hitting the gym religiously. ..If you're single have you tried online dating?..I mostly just wanted to say I feel you because I have been newly sober single friendless and jobless in a new city (actually country) and it was so fucking lonely. Sobriety is so much easier when you don't have all that other shit going on. My only advice is to stay strong and stay sober. You will eventually get yourself to a more comfortable place. ..Have you been reading any books on alcohol and sobriety? That's one thing I wish I had done more of when I was in your situation.
Why don't you try something that's a little less intimidating to join in with a board games night at the local cafe something where more people = more fun...Or even host a night a Mexican Indian or Chinese food night an invite those four people and a load of others in the peripherary of your friendship group...'Putting yourself out there' doesn't have to mean doing stand\-up in a room full of strangers sometimes it just means send out an invite to others to do things host something contact an old friend do something that's out of the ordinary talk to a stranger at the cafe etc...
I empathize with your isolationist and over\-analysis tendencies. I have no real friends in my current environment either having set aside my drinking buddies and thrown away other relationships. I also just interviewed for a good role for me and found myself doubting and over\-analyzing my 2nd rd interview only to be told they wanted to offer me the job! For me being in support groups and 12 step meetings have been helpful to get used to talking to other people and opening up again. I also find myself trying to make more and more conversation with random strangers in my day to day errands particularly on uber rides. Sometimes its awkward but whatever. Becoming comfortable being uncomfortable has become one of my goals and that's how I've been when I was healthier in the past. Having a pet is also huge in my opinion. I have a dog and that has been a major help for me in many ways: 1\) Taking her to the dog park leads to opportunities to talk to people and make friends. 2\) Having the dog is comforting and therapeutic when I'm at home alone. 3\) Having a dog opens up dating conversation and opportunities. 4\) It's fun to go on walks with the dog and being outside &amp; getting minor exercise is beneficial to combating the anxiety/depression cycle...I know its tough to "put yourself out there" especially without leaning on alcohol or other drugs as a crutch. That's always been a pattern for me in the past. I also know it will come with practice and come more easily the more you get used to doing it. It will be harder at first but the more you get used to overcoming the inertia the easier it becomes. Stay strong and know you don't have to drink to be the best version of yourself! IWNDWYT.
