-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hfml3/new_boyfriends_mother_died_of_alcoholism/

Hi!..So some backstory: I quit drinking one month ago (30 days sober as of today). I would say that I was a functioning alcoholic. I mean that in the way that I wouldn't drink every day or get black out drunk. But I did drink about 4/5 days a week mostly wine and beer and when I drank I couldn't stop at just one glass of wine or one beer. I would also often drink alone. So I am aware that I am not one of those people who can drink occasionally a glass of wine. When I drank I always craved more. So I quit drinking a month ago haven't had any withdrawal symptoms but I do crave alcohol from time to time. . Also about a month ago I met a new guy and we have been on several dates so far and talked about being exclusive and both wanting a serious relationship. I wouldn't say I am in love with him but I do like him a lot and look forward to what may come out of it. The problem is I knew his mother died 3 years ago (he is 30 I am 29) but recently he told me that she died of alcoholism. She had been an alcoholic his whole life and because of it during part of his childhood he lived with his grandmother. She also had been in and out rehab tried to quit several times etc. the whole story. .So since I have just met him and I didn't want to scare him away I haven't told him yet about my problems with alcohol. Now I am even more afraid that knowing my struggle with alcoholism will scare him away but at the same time I feel that it is unfair to keep it a secret from him given his past. I feel like I should tell him because I feel like given his mother's story we would not want to get involved with someone like me. ..So my question is: what would you do if you were in my place? Would you tell him right away in case he didn't want to pursue a relationship with someone like me? or would you wait to see how things go?..tldr; I quit drinking a month ago my new boyfriend (been dating for one month) just told me his mother died of alcoholism. Have not told him yet about my struggle with alcohol. Not sure if I should tell him now or wait.
----------immediate responses--------

Personally?  I'd get it all out there now as it seems to be the right time.  That's me.  I'm glad you've given up drinking glad for you and me both!  It's all good part of living with integrity is sharing these kinds of things with the significant other in our life.  It can do nothing but good in my eyes no matter the consequence.  Peace!  IWNDWYT 
it shouldn't be an issue unless you plan on doing the same thing as his mother IMHO
Do you guys drink at all together? Have you seen how he is around alcohol? ..To be honest -- and I just mentioned this on another thread and I'm a newbie here my apologies -- I smoked for a while and I'm proud of the fact I quit. If a woman I was dating told me she used to smoke and quit and that continuing to stay quit was important to her I'd feel a very special bond with her. ..Obviously it's not the same thing and alcohol is far more prominent in social circles than smoking is but I'd suggest if the subject hasn't come up between you guys yet it's worth bringing it up. I'd also stress it's extremely difficult for people who don't see eye-to-eye on the subject to work together long term. 
