-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hibzc/i_got_married_yesterday_again_on_cinco_de_mayo/

Greetings Sobernauts!..You may have read my posts from 11 and 12 days ago where my now husband and I got married in his parents living room.  Yesterday on 5/5 we got married (again??) in front of family and friends in a day full of laughter kind words support and love filled day with toasts done with white birch beer and a good supply of citrus flavored water sweet tea punch and a hot tea/coffee bar with flavor syrups.  ..And no one died of boredom.  No one cried from lack of booze.  Our dance floor was not empty and many said it was the most meaningful wedding they've ever attended. There were still laughs and the day was a success and I am still sober and so is he.  ..My husband and I have learned throughout our relationship that family and friends are what matters.  We were surrounded by love and support as we strive to return that to others. ..My sobriety journey has been almost 4 years long...with challenges I never through I could survive.  I've been a blackout drunk a struggling recovering person a wife a caregiver a broken hearted divorcee and now I begin a new chapter.  It isn't a happy shiny ending to a painful road...there are still challenges but I have found a companion who supports my recovery and that is a gift I never thought I could have.  ..For those of you who are starting out or starting over and you dread each holiday as it comes as a new temptation and new challenge I share this.  ..For me holidays are only an excuse for "normal" people to drink.  For me an occasion on which I would imbibe excessive amounts of alcohol and drugs was a TUESDAY not a special occasion.  A holiday is just another day of the week that I wake up and decide "Today I will not drink".  ..IWNDWYT (I Will "Not Drink" With You Today)...Stay sober my friends.  ..Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations to the both of you! I too had an alcohol free wedding some years ago and our guests too gave us lots of credit for it. And I love that it's not a shiny happy ending - it's a shiny happy start! I will not drink with you today :-)
Oooh congratulations Mouse!! 
Your alcohol-free offerings sound like heaven to me! Congratulations! 
Congratulations!
Yay congrats! What is this white birch beer you speak of-like a root beer? IWNDWYT!
yayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!! Congrats!!
I love this story. Did you guys get divorced then remarried?! ..Congratulations!!
