-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hml2e/so_i_was_able_to_actually_taper_today_is_day_1/

This last relapse was probably the worst. I've relapsed countless times but as far as the way I physically *felt* and my mental stability this was the point of no return. ..I felt like I was teetering on the edge of just giving up and losing it all. I have a beautiful family with 2 healthy kids and a loving supportive husband who words hard. I have a 3 story house and a new car and I don't have to work. I have an adorable solid black German Shepherd puppy. I have everything and yet I have nothing without my sobriety. ..I was so fucking sick the last 2 weeks from the drinking. A week ago I went to bed at 5pm on a Friday and didn't emerge until Monday morning leaving the house only twice under lies to get more alcohol. I just laid there and drank and watched the neighbors outside living their lives. I drank more and I puked. I drank more and my kids came and asked why I was sick. I took probably 10 benadryl with the alcohol just to go back to sleep. ..Then early last week I drank a 5th by lunch time and told everyone I was driving out into traffic and had to go to the psych ward by ambulance. My legs were hairy I had so much body odor I hadn't brushed my teeth my face was puffy and covered in acne. It was truly a disgusting sight. I got there at noon with a BAC of .3 and was already in withdrawal by 5. ..I went to the doctor the next morning to try to get some help but they wanted me to go inpatient. That's just not a choice whatsoever. My husband is in a very prestigious school and cannot even miss one day and if I were to be gone we could lose everything. ..I knew it  was up to me. This was the end of the fucking road. I was going to have to taper. I had been waking up at 1-2am every single morning in withdrawal. Sweating shaking hallucinating heart rate in the 160s. The store didn't open until 6 so it would be 4-5 miserable hours of pacing thinking and being trapped with myself. I seriously  considered drinking mouth wash a few times when it was really bad but thankfully I was able to abstain from that. ..I am tired of watching my life go by without me. I used to hike bike ride run swim draw embroider read play guitar bake have sex call people back. I used to be able to talk about tomorrow without a sense of impending doom and wondering how fucked up or hungover I'd be. My entire life has become one big revolving door of waking up to drink myself back to sleep while everything around me goes to shambles. ...So I did my taper which ended at 5pm yesterday. Normally I'd be up right now watching the clock like a hawk and counting the 19min til it opens. I'd be the first one in there buying 2 24oz Icehouse which is embarrassing in and of itself but it's the closest store and the best thing they had that wasn't $10 (so my husband wouldn't ask what I spent $10 on) and they would make me feel better until the real store opened at 8...This morning I feel a sense of calm. I slept 7 hours last night for the first time in 2 months. No pounding heart. No sweating. No compulsive thoughts. I'm ready to face this day head on. ..I'm ready to live. Here's to day 1 take 30. 
----------immediate responses--------

 ..       I won't drink with you 
Best to you. IWNDWYT 
Since impatient is not an option have you looked into an intensive outpatient program? For me it became to real that I could lose everything if I didn't.
"Waking up to drink myself back to sleep"  that really struck a chord with me I've been there and it's horrible! People would say to me "lovely weather lately" and I wouldn't have a clue what the weather had been like! I'm sorry that your doctor was so useless. I remember reading your initial post about starting to taper and I'm so glad you got to day 1! I hope you have a great day you deserve it after all that IWNDWYT 
Wow. Good for you. That sounds absolutely awful and painful. I'm glad  you're feeling better.    IWNDWYT 
Glad you're back. I don't know anything about the details of your life but when I read your post it scared the shit out of me. You sound really SERIOUS about getting it together and getting sober and taking care of your kids and your husband but who is taking care of you? It scared me because I feel you're putting a lot of pressure on yourself to just do it but I am worried that you have no support system. Not your doctor not therapy not AA not your family? I don't know bc you don't say but I hope you're building up a support system bc you don't have to do this alone.   
I can relate to so much of this. I am also a SAHM with a  perfect life  who day drinks and buys vodka at 10am to mix with my coffee. It's awful and I had a  rock bottom  moment last Thursday and have been sober since (only three days but the longest I've had in about two years...We can do this together! IWNDWYT
I won't drink with you today! 
