-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hrdog/nonalcoholic_beer/

Do you drink it? Has it ever turned on your  craving  switch and made you want the real thing?..An old therapist I had during a past sober stint once recommended Kombucha to me because it would  give me a buzz . This was before I understood the power of my alcohol craving and how fast it comes on if I feel even the slightest bit buzzed. I ended up drinking some while at a party and relapsed that night. ..Are NA beers similar to this? Do they bring on a buzz at all?
----------immediate responses--------

I stayed completely away from all the NA beers for about 6 months after I quit drinking to give my brain a chance to dry out and break some of the habits and associations......These days I very occasionally drink the odd one or two (yes the ones with ~0.5%ABV) and don't find that they make me want to rush out afterwards and drink every alcoholic drink ever created... in fact they usually make me feel a bit bloated and manky afterwards which is why I don't do it very often! ..You'd probably have to drink quite a lot of them to actually feel a buzz and might fart yourself to death before that happens but the risk is there.....Most of them are a bit watery and insipid anyway so you're not missing much if you don't bother.....I've never tried Kombucha but I probably would if the opportunity presented itself just for the novelty... I've heard that depending on how they are made and how long they've been sitting about they could contain a few percent alcohol so if you think there's even a slight chance of it (or NA beer) provoking a relapse steer clear!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Beer was my choice of poison so for me I don't want to drink anything that even remotely reminds me of what nearly destroyed my life.  My view remains:  Non-alcoholic beer is for Non-alcoholics...With that said if you have less than 6-months of sobriety and are out with friends and *think* having an NA-beer will help you "fit in" give it a shot. 
I drink a N/A brew with certain foods such as barbequed pork or backyard cookout type foods. The flavors go nicely together and I find I never want more than one. As the other poster said they're not the best tasting non-alcoholic beverage to begin with. All beers wines and liquors are by definition disgusting. We humans force ourselves to override that disgust response. Coffee is technically disgusting and I have a cup every day. 
erm it's a bit controversial this one. some people feel it's really dangerous for that reason and if you feel that you may be easily triggered then perhaps it is best to stay away from it and let sleeping dogs lie. ..personally i do enjoy them but i feel that they are pointless - like i would only drink them in a social situation where i can look like 'one of the gang' - except for unless i am the one buying all the rounds at some point i have to ask for someone to get me a non alcoholic beer at which point i may as well be drinking lemonade...(does that even make sense to anyone else but me!?)..so i don't prefer to drink them if there is something else more delicious available. (because beer is only delicious when it's alcoholic amirite? :)) .i don't find they buzz me - but perhaps that's the danger - because you're drinking beer and you should be buzzed people feel really triggered and it sort of wakes them up to the temptation...i don't know. i'd say rule of thumb - if in doubt just don't do it. it's not worth the risk IMO.
I'm used to be a beer snob. NA beer tastes horrible and makes me miss real beer. Plus it has all the calories. I don't drink it.    .I do drink a bottle of kombucha here and there. It has trace amounts of alcohol (about as much as apple cider) but will not give you any sort of a buzz. It's really good for your gut because it is loaded with probiotics.
