-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hsaer/48_hours_down/

I have been sitting here with keys in my hand looking for any reason to go to the store it's been 48 hours since my last sip of vodka. My delightful thought process:...---Oh look toothpaste is low and I'm not sure if Amazon can get more to me by the time this tube goes dry. Even though my over prepared nature always has extras of important hygiene related products somewhere. ..Ugh... Fine I won't go for toothpaste.... ..---Uh oh the onion/tomatoes I cut up for making wraps are a couple days old. I should probably go buy new produce to cut up. ..Nah stop it I'll go shopping with people on Thursday like we have planned! ..---Oh no I'm out of dessert that can't be possible because I need a treat tonight for when I don't drink. I have to reward myself for being good right?....This is my brain and the way it attempts to lure me back in. I have a strange relationship with my subconscious. That internal debate rages on all while my body craves craves craves. ..I know if I go to the store with other people I'm fine; thank God for shame aka anxiety that someone will confront and want to help me. It is the damn solo trips that I justify with unneeded items that push me right back down that fire lined slope...So for now I'm dry my friends and I really do hope to keep it that way but there is surely a ton of work left to do. As that internal debate continues I inevitably become more sad and broken. I'm forced to confront the thoughts that are at the top of the slope I just came down yet it is so easy to take another beautifully forgetful ride. ..I'm learning to win the internal battles which I hope will lead to a war won with a peace treaty to boot. A treaty to be peaceful to not only those around me but to myself. The one I seem to battle with the most. ..To everyone struggling I love you all and I understand. Maybe I don't understand WHY you fight the same battles but I promise you I understand the battle and I hope all of us get out of this war. .
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there!
Thank you for this post. 
Hang on! IWNDWYT 
