-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hu7np/6_months_before_i_quit_and_5_months_after_i_quit/

https://imgur.com/gallery/lv51xrZ
----------immediate responses--------

Fantastic!!!  
You got sober and got so strong you could push over a tree? Impressive!
  vibrant! 
You look so amazing! 
sheeeeeeet... nice!
WOW! I love seeing these progress pics. You look fantastic. Great Job!
Fantastic work! You're Looking great!..Can I ask did you diet or just focus on the no drinking?  Did it take a while for it to start coming off?..I'm 6 weeks in and not lost a gram!! But I am eating sweets chocolate chips etc  . Saying that I did when I was drinking too and probably more with the hangover food the next day. I'm feeling good and exercising as normal (4 x days a week) but no weight loss at all...Of course I'm glad I'm no longer poisoning my body but a little weight loss would be good!!!..Well done again!! I'll take your inspiration :-)
Congrats it's a new you!!
Awesome! Congratulations and thanks for sharing. Very inspirational.
All I can say is WOW!  You have a killer body. Never touch the alcohol again.  It's definitely not worth it for you! (Or Anybody else for that matter including me).  
Hell yeah!  
Thank you for this - there is hope yet then! 
Well that's totally encouraging!! Good for you lady!! This kind of stuff makes me so happy! IWNDWYT 
This is a big motivator for me. I love to run and exercise but alcohol kept distracting me from reaching my goals. Hopefully I'll be able to post my own pics here in a few months but until then IWNDWYT. 
Wow that's a serious make-other-women-at-the-beach-jealous body you got there..Moving along to less creepy issues:..I lost 20 pounds the first month I quit drinking just by cutting out beer (the math of that will make your blood run cold when you convert to beer cans)..The rest was tougher and more gradual.  A lot of people swap out sugar for alcohol - which if fine if that is what gets you by..2 things that really helped me after the intial weight loss were:..Get your sugar from fruit - it's the same sugar (sucrose) as in candy and is processed by your body the same way.  But fruit has a lot of other nutrients and fiber so the calories are not wasted like they are in sweets.  It will also fill you up in a way Candy does not (that's a whole other speech)..The second thing is to drink a lot of fluid.  A lot of people swear by seltzer but one might also try something that has a little sugar in it.  It will also fill you up and the sugar goes a long way in a drink so you get the sweetness with a lot less of it.  I am a die hard Gatorade G2 low sugar person for this reason..Finally - it will take some time for your liver to regain full health which helps in processing fat.  Also certain hormonal balances need to be restored like insulin/glucagon and cortisone/cortisol.  Keep at it and the weight will come off..
