-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8hzzyl/feeling_really_tempted_to_drink_again_today/

Lately I've been feeling really tempted to pick up the bottle again but this morning was the hardest I've felt that temptation in a few months. My partner was talking about possibly adderall (hes also an addict/alcoholic in recovery) and asked me if we should. I turned it down but ever since he brought it up this morning I cant stop thinking about going and getting loaded. Its like the thought is just trapped in my head again and ive found at least half a dozen reasons to go out and buy a bottle of Barton or popov. Im just so scared i might start drinking or using again or that he might and i will end up using right along side of him... I dont know its like i already have my relapse all planned out and im just waiting for an excuse to go get absolutely tanked. I dont think id make it out of i ever did start drinking again. Im fairly certain i dont have the strength to live through another long bender which is why now more than ever i need to keep myself accountable and to reach out when i start to feel this way. Besides AA meetings what do you all do when you start to feel like drinking again?. . I will not drink with you all today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so proud of you. IWNDWYT 
I'm so glad you posted. I try to double-down on taking care of myself; I make sure that I am eating plenty that I'm not too tired and that NOTHING is driving me up the walls. When those thoughts get into my head I try hard to turn down the volume on my life. ..I suppose the other question is if it's a good thing to have one's SO suggesting ways to get fucked up... but that is a whole different issue. I hope you take good care of yourself today. 
Don't do it. Your brain has been repairing itself for all of these months. If you relapse you will essentially "wash away" all of those valuable neurotransmitters that make you feel better and better every day. A single relapse can reset your brain back to Day 1. Would it be worth it?
Don't do it. You have come this far and these cravings will pass. I wish I had "played the tape forward" a couple of months ago when I felt the temptation because my life definitely got considerably worse when I started drinking again. ..Focus on your sobriety remember this the lizard-part of our brains telling you that you want to drink and it isn't what you actually want. And keep busy reset the rut you are in - get outside move your body and work up a sweat or get out to a coffee shop or start a class like photography or something anything to break up the pattern of thinking about drinking. ..Good luck and IWNDWYT. 
There is a skill you can learn - I've used periodically ..I don't know the official term but I know it as  thought dropping .  When you have an idea you are fixated on - you find something (anything) to displace the thought.  Physical activity eating sleeping recalling embarrassing memories - whatever it takes..Like any skill it gets easier the more you do it.  It helps for any idea upon which you have become fixated.  There is prolly a book or article about this topic but sadly I can be of help there
