-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8i1vak/i_just_relapsed_and_feel_absolutely_worthless/

I'm going through a pretty hard time my mom has cancer and only has a few weeks or months left.  I used this as an excuse to buy a bottle of vodka over the weekend.  I missed a test this week because I was drinking and I might have to drop that class...I just feel so depressed and boarerline suicidal right now...Can someone just remind me that things will get better eventually?
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there! Sometimes it takes a couple of tries. When I got it to stick things definitely got better...You're doing great! Keep at it!
Are you sober right now?
[removed]
Sorry about your mum. Life isnt easy. Just remember that and accept it. Its got its ups and down. And thats normal. You might want to try some cancer services there are a lot of people you can meet whose close ones died or struggling with the cancer. Look up on google. .Sending best wishes and keep your head up no matter what.. try to live YOUR life. .Iwndwyt .
It's okay. It happens. Just try to learn from it and when that situation/trigger comes up again you'll be more aware. ..One day at a time
You aren't worthless my friend. A single slip cannot take away your value and unlimited potential...Now let's get you up dusted off and back on the path...I will not drink with you today.
Ah man. I'm so sorry about your mom. That's gotta be the hardest thing ever. but It'll be better for you to go through it sober. If these are your last days with your mom then you'll want to ride them out with a clear mind and be able to really be supportive of her (and yourself). You'll maybe want to feel these last days with your mom and remember them. You'll kick yourself in the butt later if you don't. Your mom will be so much more at peace knowing that you are sober and that you'll be ok. It's not a big deal that you relapsed. Pick yourself up again. :) keep going. And please don't ever even think of suicide. It's not an option. Be stronger than that. Breath. Stay here with us. Come here and post as much as you need. We are all here for you. That's what this place is all about. IWNDWYT Stay the course love. You can do this.   xoxo 
Things will get better. I know exactly how you feel about being worthless I've been there so many times. What's important now is that you don't beat yourself up. Relapse happens but it's not the end. 
Feelings lie.  Worthless?  Nonsense!  Don't listen to those toxic thoughts.  Just go over to your mom's place and invest as much time as possible in your relationship with her. You can retake your class.  It will be there later for you when you are ready. Spend your time being present.  Present is more important than perfect right now. You are a very special person who can make a world of difference starting in 5 4 3 2 and 1.  You're on!  Get going.  
Things will get better. Maybe not today tomorrow or the day after that--but they will. And remember there is no problem so bad that drinking will not make it worse. Sending my best wishes your way and IWNDWYT :)
I'm 9 yrs sober in AA we have a saying in the rooms "this too shall pass". If you get some help and do the next right thing then yes absolutely it will pass... Sorry about your mom that's some really hard core stuff to deal with
It's just a little blip.. play it forward and you will be fine .. just a little test to remind you how bad drinking is .. post again soon ..
You poor thing. You are not worthless and you can do this.
Try and find some nice things to do for yourself while you are going through so much. A nice massage or some time in nature. Take care of you first.
