-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8i64cn/finally_proud_of_myself_i_think_others_are_envious/

I am now 11 days sober. This is the longest dry stretch in 40 years. I am starting to believe that this will be permanent. The first few days I saddened. I felt there was nothing to look forward to in life. I was accustomed to eagerly awaiting my stiff screwdrivers every day after work..As the days go by the sadness has been eclipsed by pride. I came clean with drinking friends and my two brother in laws. They were absolutely shocked with my proclamations of alcoholism and now sobriety. There has been a huge convulsion in my social sphere. My relationships with these people are very complex. This would take pages to describe. Suffice it to say their shock has now turned into envy or perhaps jealousy. I believe they are overwhelmed to experience someone with such conviction. Surprisingly they are not encouraging me to drink. I hope I have inspired them to do the same. All have them have serious problems but naturally in denial..I am not the type of person that gives up. If you have read my other posts you will know I am very competitive. I think my nature will not allow me to backslide and relapse. That would embarrass if not humiliate me..To make a long story short I have this in the bag. I hope my stories will help some people. Their stories are certainly helping me..I really enjoy reading everyones posts. I read almost everything here and check in several times a day. I trust this will become new behavior. .Good luck to everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Hahaha I'm a bit the same way my.nature drives me to stick to things beyond what some people would.  .Wish I would have applied it to a couple of the more important things before now but such is life!  We live and we learn as they say.Good job on 11 days you're FREE!!! .
Over time it's amazing how we accept not drinking as totally normal given how we previously associated virtually every activity with knocking back some booze...IWNDWYT 
&gt; As the days go by the sadness has been eclipsed by pride..Well that's what this is really all about right? Congratulations I hope that your friends join the ride with you!
