-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ie5by/celebrating_100_days_today/

Hello /r/stopdrinking!..After 15 years of pretty heavy drinking (I'm 38 years old) I got in to rehab about a year and a half ago. It went really well and I was sober for a long time without any major issues. Then I had a family crisis and all I could think about was getting drunk and forget all about it...I took a really bad relapse and ended up in a hospital a week later.  My body was in really bad shape and I almost lost my job that time since I never called my boss or anything I just went missing. .Sent my kids and my wife away and sat alone in my house getting wasted. ..Im lucky to have a wife that cares so much and sent people to check in on me every hour 24/7 and she's the one that finally got me to the emergency. I don't remember much myself from that week just getting a cab to the store to get more booze. My wife took my car keys away luckily...Now Im back on track 100 days today! and Im feeling great and confident. But I know that anything can happen and I can never let my guard down against my demons. ..I'm the 3'rd generation of alcoholics in my family both my father and grandfather have the same disease. I just hope I can brake the chain here and show my kids who are 3 and 4 years old a good clean sober life...Thank you for reading! English is my second language so spelling might be a bit odd. ..Take care of yourself...
----------immediate responses--------

You are so strong to break the chain.  Your kids are young enough to not remember all this.  You are a great father and they are much better off with a dad who is sober!  100 days is HUGE! Great work!
YESSSSSSSS!!!! Congrats! 100 days holds a special place in my heart because it is the day I finally reached out to the only sober friend I knew to say "Hey uh I don't know who else to talk to but I'm an alcoholic" and today he is my best friend and life couldn't be better...So so proud of you. You are doing so well! &lt;3
Congrats!! 100 days is HUGE. I'm a third generation alcoholic as well! Let's break those chains together...
  IWNDWYT 
Congrats on triple digits!..3rd generation alcoholic here too. You and I have the *power to break the chain*. Hell we're already doing it! ;)
This is very inspiring. I have yet to break past 14 days at a time so you are the standard I need to hold myself too! Congrats and keep it going!!
100 days is my next target. That is impressive. You must be proud of yourself. I am also at least a third generationer maybe even fourth or fifth. I never heard about my great grandparents.
100 days is a HUGH accomplishment!   I'm right behind you just keep going and I'll never catch up!  (I'm okay with that)
Thank you all for the kind words. It warms my heart. Stay strong!
Congratulations!
Congrats sober twin!
Congrats man thanks for sharing
Feels great doesn't?  Congratulations!IWNDWYT 
Hey I'm on 100 days today too! Congratulations and keep it up.  
.[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) Glad you are here and glad to hear that you are doing better. I am sorry to hear about your family crisis but happy that you have your wife was there for you. What is your first language? I am just curious. I wouldn't have known otherwise except the fact you mentioned it...Hope you enjoy the rest of the day/night.
