-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ig4qo/1st_challenge_the_brotherimnotgreatarounds_mega/

So please know up front that I totally own what parts of this will make me sound like a hater. I'm not a fan of extravagant wedding culture in general \(after growing up in a wealthy family who \*always\* had over\-the\-top long\-weekend wedding extravaganzas my husband and I went to Hawaii alone and got married on a deserted beach for a fraction of the price. Ten years later we've never regretted a thing\) so I'm already going into this with a bit of an "Okay just gotta get through this and focus on the positives..." mentality. I also get super anxious around my family for a whole host of reasons but specifically\-in\-this\-case because when my mom gets insecure she goes into MEGA hater mode and wants to suck everyone else around her in too which is stressful and then to top things off my brother and I haven't had the best relationship that he refuses to want to *ever* discuss because he refuses to talk about anything that isn't "positive". He never wants to "dwell on the past" which means for example if you had an argument the night before that you never recon*ciled he never wants to mentio*n it again. It also means that in the decades that things between us got more and more strained he never wanted to talk about it then and he doesn't now. \(Yes I've learned that this is about him and not about me. Thanks therapy!\) So I've just learned to stop giving a shit which honestly is fine for both of us. I don't feel like I'm missing out; we don't really have that much in common as people. However it makes it more difficult for me to stomach driving 8 hours and being present on his big day when I know my presence won't make a bit of fucking difference for either of us. That said he's marrying a nice enough gal who is enamored with my 10 year old daughter \(which makes sense because my kid is fucking rad ;\) \) and has invited her to be in the wedding as a jr. bridesmaid. I've done a *lot* of running around to find a dress for her and let her be part of this special day and I don't want my personal hangups to get in the way of her building a relationship with my family. \(My mom did that with her kids and her own family and it's super complicated now as a result. I'm big on giving my kid the autonomy I never had.\)But I know I'm going to be there in the 90\-degree Georgia heat riddled with anxiety and trying desperately not to think about slinging back champagne. Because holy Lord I love champagne and they're planning on serving it nonstop from the rehearsal/welcome party on Friday evening until the farewell\-brunch Sunday morning. Old Me would've had no problem keeping a glass in my hand all weekend and New Me is going to be arguing with that not\-yet\-dead Old Me that really honestly earnestly just wants to go through this weekend in a semi\-blackout. Like if my body could be present but my mind could be somewhere else that'd be fantastic.I'm never the type to drunkenly wreck someone else's big day; I'm more of a drink\-alone\-in\-a\-corner\-and\-hate\-on\-everything type but neither of those options sound great. I know consciously that I'm only going to hate myself more at the end of the weekend if I drink anything and I know that staying sober is good for me as well as my daughter and my husband. I'm not going to drink but I'm going to be overwhelmed with anxiety and knowing that this far out fucking sucks. I guess what I'm struggling with is the idea that I'm consciously putting myself into a festive situation that I know I struggle to really enjoy. Going into something that I know is going to suck and trying to stay sober is totally different if it isn't supposed to be a giant party. And furthermore I can go to giant parties and stay sober as long as I'm having a great time with the company and the atmosphere. It's just all the other circumstances that are weighing on me in this particular instance and I don't know how to mentally salvage it so I'm not just white\-knuckling it the whole way through the weekend. Any insight here is helpful. Thanks y'all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Nothing easy about this one.  ..On my last stretch of sober days I went to a three day New Orleans wasted wedding extravaganza and stayed sober.  Long story less long I visualized my whole weekend and how I was going to be sober.  Literally envisioned the plane ride without booze the dinners the after-dinners the brunches the parties etc and saw myself there with everyone else getting blasted sober.  Thought about what I wanted to do in the mornings that were going to be mine about how I would actually be the one in control of my faculties and head and see everyone losing theirs.  It did really help...I think the control thing was what I focused on most of all which worked for me.  Kind of an ego trip but whatever I stayed sober.  Like I was a bit stronger and more in control than everyone else...It's gotta be one of the hardest situations and mine though extremely tempting was not freighted with the baggage and issues that your weekend is..
Refuge Recovery meditations have helped me get rid of somewhat similar extended family "junk".  In particular after doing a few weeks of going to Refuge Recovery I forgave my extended family during meditation one by one and asked for the same forgiveness where I had been unskillful and judgmental.  A huge weight was lifted from my back.  I will not drink with you today!.
I had to go through my sister's wedding sober and I was dreading it. But it turned out that it was pretty easy. My tip was to go out of my way to talk with other people. It kept me busy enough. But then it was a daytime wedding and everyone was gone by 4 pm so... yeah might have been easier because of that. In any case you got this good luck!
This reminds me of Han Solo navigating the asteroid field in Empire.  He made it you will too.  Your daughter is your inspiration your husband your support.  You sound like you have a good understanding of all the characters involved including your self.  Try to stay mindful and maintain that aerial view as things unfold.  You may not solve any old issues but staying positive and drama free may open the doors to future reconciliation.  Those 102 days are very important to you and your family.  It's just another weekend on the path of recovery.  There are always challenges.  I believe in you!
Yup I think get involved talking to people at these events is really good - when I drank I'd always have one eye on the  next drink and then get too drunk to make the effort or too scared to talk to people coz I know I'm pissed. My experience is that the anticipation of not drinking is worse than the not drinking itself. My advice is don't try too hard but don't drink! if sobriety was that awful you may as well go back to drinking - but as so many of the posts on SD testify sobriety is FAB..I come from a dysfunctional family too - my    take on this is to get a laugh out of their absurdities.IWNDWYT
