-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ikui6/what_do_ido/

So I have realized that drinking in the evenings used to be just a way to relax and wind down for me before bed when my mind is just raaaacing. Unfortunately as we know it really wasn't actually working that well because  one drink  after work actually is a bottle of wine or tall glass of vodka. ..Without drinking though....I am struggling to find things to do that don't require focus and mental energy for me to do after work before bed. (eg. I love books but after a day at work my mind is too foggy and busy to focus on them and I just don't absorb the info). I need things to do that are somewhat mindless and relaxing but not just staring at the walls or watching shitty reality tv (because sometimes that makes me feel WORSE!) ..Right now I am ending up actually staring at the walls and wishing I could drink and it's not fun...So my friends what are your favourite activities that are low-effort to help unwind?
----------immediate responses--------

How about a mindless but entertaining show to binge watch? In these early days i would suggest just taking it easy on yourself and making life as enjoyable as possible while you make new habits. Or even reading a mindless but entertaining book?  I dunno if you like this but mandala coloring books are really meditative. I always feel like an hour spent coloring helps me feel so much better maybe you could try that. Keeps your hands busy and your mind busy but you're not thinking really. Another suggestion though not a fun one for some people is to get caught up on cleaning if you're at all behind. Anyway good luck finding stuff you like doin! IWNDWYT ..
I picked up painting pottery at those you paint it we fire it places. I could easily get lost in painting for 3-4 hours. Relaxing. No I have a lot of painted ceramics. ..Also I went (and still go to) several aa meetings a week. Keeps me occupied and motivated to stay sober. ..You gotta fill up that time cause we used to spend a lot of time drunk and stoned. ..Don't worry tho! At 5 mo sober now I question how I ever got anything done drunk? How did I find the time. I'm so busy! 
A lot of volunteering opportunities are full of mindless work: stuffing envelopes organizing things handing out things receiving things whatever plus you feel good because you're volunteering. A lot of recovery programs seem to put a focus on service and I think it's for a good reason. ..I started volunteering at a garden a few weeks ago and spent about an hour filling pots with soil. At first I was like "this is boring they can clearly put me on some more interesting work" but I had this moment towards the end where I was like "I haven't had a single thought in over 15 minutes. Not one". It was the best feeling ever and something post-night-of-drinking anxious me would never have been able to do.
Model building calligraphy puzzles...things that take focus and are rewarding.
