-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iox59/4_days_sober_after_the_worst_binge_of_my_life/

I'm 32(m) and am going through a divorce. It was a toxic situation and I had to leave but I was still distraught and depressed. I left on 3/27 and drank pretty much every day after that. Sometimes it was just a few but more often than not it was several drinks. I knew the whole time I had to stop or else I'd end up in a bad place I was getting scared. Last weekend I went on a bender to end all benders and was in awful shape come Monday morning. I struggled through the work day went home and was sweating and shaking like crazy. I went to the bar to  take off the edge  with a few cocktails. It helped because my body was dependent on alcohol but when I laid down that night I had an epiphany. I told myself  Fuck this. You're so much better than this.  The next day i woke up and decided that I was done and wanted to start a new better life...It's only been 4 days but the difference is amazing. I've been in the gym preparing my meals and right now I don't even think about alcohol. I don't want it. I want to be healthy and happy. I've always been a pretty heavy drinker and I have never felt this way. Reading some of your stories helped convince myself that I don't need this shit. ..I say proudly I will not drink with you today. ..Be well. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats sir!  I'm 36(m) and had a similar epiphany. On March 1st I was wasted at night and was just staring at myself in the mirror and said  fuck this I'm not giving up on myself . 70 days later here I am in a MUCH better place physically and emotionally my relationships have improved across the board (work school and family). Just remember to EMBRACE the feeling you had that night and never look back. It's working for me and it makes it easy for me to say IWNDWYT!
Be well for sure!  Proud of you friend and glad you are here.  Isn't it awesome to know that we never have to suffer through another hangover again if we don't want to?  And I sure don't want to today. 
Man does that sound familiar. My habit was nearly identical but last week... I hope I never forget it because it is my biggest motivator to stop drinking. I'm a day ahead of you but we're still in the same boat. IWNDWYT. 
You've made a great start. Have you looked into a support group? I tried to do this alone for years with some periods of success (6-9 months) but always relapsed. Once I committed to a support group in real life (besides the one here) it's been easy to stay sober. 
Glad to hear!
You got this! As you start to treat your body with the respect that it deserves you will see a transformation. I've replaced the time I drank with running very regularly with some strength training mixed in. I am in the process of removing most meat from my diet (I haven't eat beef or pork in over a month). It's amazing because when I first stopped drinking I thought I was going to be bored out of my mind. I thought I would be missing out on so many events and social opportunities. It turns out I barely have enough time each day with all of the things I am doing and learning for myself...IWNDWYT!
Awesome job! 
I love this and this helped encourage me today. Thank you and keep fighting the good fight! Happy for you!
You absolutely *ARE* so much better than this.  Well done!
Quite amazing that only 4 days after you're already going to the gym. 
Congratulations to you!! Read up on Delirium Tremens when you get a chance :)
Proud of you! Keep it up!
Yay! Way to go. Hangover feee is the way to fucking be dude! Whenever I feel that moderation monster creep in telling me I can drink a bit I just think about how awesome it is to wake up fresh af and be the version of myself that I want to be that day. Sobriety triggers happiness! Bang bang. Welcome. IWNDWYT 
4 days for the rest of your life!  Good on ya
Great work.  Keep it up. I think weekends were hardest at first so I  always had to keep busy.
I proudly will not drink with you today! 
Congrats every day is an accomplishment! I will not drink with you today
congratulations!
Congrats man. 
Congrats and welcome! It only gets better! Glad you're doing well. 
23 days ago for me I was shaking @bnk129. Vision was swimming and I was sweating bullets the whole day. A very slow and horrible day I decided it'd be my last one like that.....A family friend called me to say she saw the empty bottles and that she was worried because it was all hard liquor.
My experience almost exactly. Ended a toxic relationship and said fuck this I deserve better in ALL aspects of my life. Huge shift in the mindset. I'm a year in and here to tell you it can be done. When the weakness creeps in remind yourself of that very moment. That's what helps the most. IWNDWYT     
Same here my friend. I will not drink with yall tonight. Just finished grilling chicken and now time for frozen yogurt. Steady on my friend 
Yes!!!!!!!!! So happy you made the change! Please pick up "The Naked Mind" if you haven't already. Make your list of reasons why your life will not improve if you choose to drink again. Write down how you're feeling so you can refer back if you start getting temptation (another redditor told me to do that and I appreciate the insight). I'm rooting for you! Be strong! Keep going in your awesome new stride!
Congrats to you. Best of luck to you. 
Kudos on 4 days! IWNDWYT
Hey man I can relate to the "bender of all benders" I've had dozens of them. This last one was horrific but I powered through it with every last ounce of my soul. Im on day 19. Wow. Difference is definitely felt and rays of light are beginning to come through. I was in a hopeless state of body and mind but this is doable. Hopefully you're getting some rest by now I couldn't sleep for first 5 days. For me I felt a bit of relief after that for a week or so then major mood swings and PAWS. Were definitely not out of woods yet so stay vigilant but that shifty feeling when it comes back only means your healing and getting through the shit. Only way out of this shit is through!! Keep going man.. No reason to back to that prison...About me Im 29 and went through similar shit with my divorce when I went on hellacious month long rager last month. I got your back
I am at day 6 after a hell of a bender.  I was supposed to meet my son to see Avengers on Sunday and did no wake until 3. I had to disappoint him.....again. I did nothing but vomit for days. I am retired so luckily work was not an issue. I had solid food for the first time yesterday morning. Still weak and queasy but sober tonight. .Sorry for the vivid picture but each hangover each detox each crazy insane repetition gets worse. Not preaching just saying. .This naked mind is a godsend(not like AA which I have tried for years). .Only time will tell.     IWNDWYT 
Good luck!!
I found cravings difficult at first. But the thing to know is: they pass. I don't think I had the worst last more I than 20 minuets. Snacking helped me a lot. And coming here. IWNDWYT!
Kudos! It just gets better! :) IWNDWYT 
You can do it. IWNDWYT. 
Your Monday was my everyday for two years. Knowing you need to change but physically cant without feeling like total shit. It's a hard change but if your brain tells you that your stronger than this you got it. Congrats on 4 days. Stay strong.
I feel you brother. Similar age somewhat similar marital situation. You can do it man. Just did my first A.A. meeting tonight. Cried in front of a bunch of strangers sweated through my shirt and felt ok about myself for the first time in a long time. Definitely not drinking with you tonight. Feel free to PM if you need to get shit off your chest. 
33(m) here well done mate for taking the plunge into sobriety can be a tough one that's for sure well done :). 
Thanks for sharing!
31m here going through a breakup and have been drinking each day for the last 3 weeks. Need to get my shit together today after a heavily drunken Friday. ..Best of luck to you.
4 days today too first day which hasn't been awful \- great that you're getting out now. You're so much better than this. I will not drink with you today.
Iwndwyt
Congrats on the beginning of a journey that will allow you to live life to the fullest. I will not drink with you today.
2 1/2 years ago I had a similar epiphany \- haven't drank since. My life now is so much better in so many ways \- It can still be tough and bad things can still happen but I no longer cope with them through drinking...It only gets better the first 3 months for me were quite hard but I made sure and treated myself well after that I really don't miss it and only really think about it if I'm explaining to people I don't drink...My anxiety is gone my work is going ten times better I'm there more for my family. highly recommended wish I'd stopped drinking sooner.
Interesting thanks!
