-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ip8pr/first_time_posterlong_time_lurker/

Ok back on 6 days without. Was 10 days prior to 5/5. Short spurts have never been my issue. I guess you could say I was never a problem drinker. I had a good time all the time. Or at least I thought. When I did drink I drank a lot. All weekend long or on my days off. But as i watched  Shameless   and watching Frank die. I literally started to question what if I end up like that? Or is it possible to have the health problems he has ? I had to literally stop watching it. Then my brother said  man takes a drink drink takes a drink drink takes a man.  Truer words ...My brain was like all you have to do is not drink it. Problem solved.... haha. .Everyone does this drug. It's insane. Everyone except my father does. So the peer pressure to do it is nuts. Then the judgement you get when everyone thinks something is wrong with you when you don't. So you don't tell anyone you don't want to. I don't know how to explain to my friends and family hey I don't want to drink today. Why not ? Because I don't want to. Hmm is there something wrong ? Yeah with you being a nosey bunch of asses. Why do I need to explain not wanting  to participate in a unhealthy habit with you? I don't know how to answer that question I don't want them to know I completely abstained from alcohol because I fear being ostracized.  What if I relapse? They ll just be like told you so (I hate telling people they were right and knew I wouldn't be able to do something). I have some big drinking things coming up and I have to go. And it's going to be awful to tell people in this group i m not drinking . Like on vacations. That's going to be the toughest I think for me. Or bachelor party coming up. .Also thank you to this thread for letting me lurk and read how good things are getting. At the very least not feeling like crap a few days a week. This place has helped me period just to wake up and smile and say man I feel good today. I earned the right on my day off to wake up and not feel like poo. .I want to stop now because I know where this ends. Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

This sounds like I could have written every word of it myself.  (Welcome first of all!)  I had a few short quits before I finally took the plunge and really truly honestly quit for good...The catalyzing factor that enabled me to quit?  It was when I decided for no other reason that I simply *wanted* to quit.  For me.  And nothing else...Once I truly made up my mind and once my reason was based on my own desires I didn't worry so much about what others would think or how to answer.  I didn't feel like I owed anyone an answer "I just don't want to" was enough.  And the majority of the people around me respected it and didn't question it and anyone who did wasn't that significant in my life to begin with so it wasn't a problem...Thanks so much for posting!  Keep us updated!
I was sure when I quit that it was going to be some huge issue between me and everyone I knew.  I could have easily wrote exactly what you did ( I probably have somewhere in my post history )...What I didn't realize is that people are mostly concerned with themselves.  No one is really paying attention to who is or who isn't drinking and how much; except for maybe alcoholics like me because I was obsessed with it...Most people didn't even notice I stopped drinking.  The vast majority of people will respond to someone declining a drink without a second thought.  I get offered quite often and most people never follow up...The people that do follow up probably have a problem themselves.  Anyone who is pressuring others to drink does not have a healthy relationship with alcohol...I also didn't broadcast my decision.  There's no rule about telling people.  To this day I only told two friends.  I've never told my family I quit two years running.  I must have said "I have to wake up early" a hundred times.  No one ever says anything...Not everyone else drinks.  The stats vary but in the United States chronic drinkers are like 7% of the populace.  When I was actively drinking it felt like everyone.  When I stopped I realized how small it really was.
Great choice!  
