-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ipxnj/ive_had_enough_im_here_for_help/

I've been lurking this sub for a couple of years now.  Just created an account to participate (the username explains that)...I just had an epiphany;  my brain chemistry is so messed up that I cannot find pleasure in anything unless it revolves around alcohol.  It's frightening but a little exhilarating.  I feel like it's an awakening in a way...I know the higher power concept isn't for everyone here but I appreciate any thoughts prayers and most of all understanding experience and help as I struggle with this...Been a heavy drinker for decades.  It has to stop...Hopefully I will not drink with you tonight.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey!!! Admitting you have a problem is a HUGE step!!! Congrats and I'm so glad you're here. You never have to do this alone and you never have to feel the pain of drinking again if you don't want to. ..If you have a moment maybe find an AA meeting in your area. You'll be surrounded by people like you -- all alcoholics who just want to live better and be better. Some like me only drank for a few years others drank for decades. It's a beautiful thing to have people from all walks of life coming together to support and lift one another up. ..One day at a time! You got this!
Our weaknesses are the space where grace operates. 2 Cor. 12:8-10 has helped me a bit in my walk with alcoholism. I like to meditate on that passage...Alcohol can literally steal pleasure away from us mucks up the brains receptors but the good news is that with sobriety we can heal that damage. It takes time to regrow but your ability to feel pleasure in other things than alcohol isn't lost for good.
The pleasure thing. I had/have that too. ..It's gradually getting better. Slooooooowly but surely. ..At first nothing felt 'right'....I would wonder how people (who didn't have drinking problems) could enjoy life without booze. How were they laughing? How were conversations interesting? ..But now....I am starting to find the pleasure in life again. TV makes me laugh again....sex is enjoyable again vs the awkward mess it was when I first quit. ..It does get better. ..IWNDWYT
