-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iqco0/gf_going_out_how_do_you_deal_with_the_mixed/

Hi all I'm kind of struggling to keep my positive mindset here and thought to ask here how you guys (and girls ofc) are doing this ... ..a little background: my girlfriend and I have been in the party scene for years going to techno and other parties till the daybreak gathered an entire group of friends who do the same we have rather intense jobs 2 kids like every other couple we have our fights but we love each other very much. I know I have a real problem with moderating alcohol (and others) and have had a sober year a few years back it's not yet going as I wanted but I'm working on making a clean break this year and be my best possible self for my kids but also for myself no more days/weeks recovering and letting the problems stack up being a bad example being anxious about normal activities ... From january I started going to the gym started running again reading books going to bed early generally be there for my kids doing all sorts of fun activities with them having their friends over ... ..but also ... the 'old' world is everywhere my friends (and my girlfriend) are still really into drinking and partying alcohol is everywhere around me we still frequently have friends over everyone drinking and having 'fun' loudly sometimes I can handle it well but when I'm not at my best I'm having a really hard time ... I've asked my girlfriend many times to help me and not tempt me into drinking mostly it's going well but there are also many moments where she is not so subtle :-( ..two days ago my gf went out right now she's also 'out' and probably tomorrow again I didn't hold her back in any way (being supportive for each other is what we have always done). Right now I'm sitting at home with the kids this is what I wanted and I can rationalize everything (tomorrow I will be bright have a clear mind be caring for the kids) but still ... it's hard ... being positive part of me is mad maybe a bit jealous (the 'fomo') feeling a bit left alone .....Is there anyone who can relate to this situation and has some insights/trics on how to stay positive (and not being grumpy at my gf)? I'm afraid eventually we will disconnect over this also I really don't want to get pulled back in and hate this lonely feeling :-(..ps: yesterday I stumbled upon 2 bottles of rum in the office in the same building as where I am now these are leftovers from an event I can't throw them away so I'm justing hating their presence very intensely ;-).ps2: sorry for the rant needed to get it out of my system I think.ps3: IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you're making an epic choice in favour of a better lifestyle..  I suppose fomo is almost a given when you live with someone who still goes out..Is there a project you and the kids can work on together that builds your relationships and sense of family?  You never know she might get fomo and join you guys   .IWNDWYT .
That is a pretty intese lifestyle.  None of the people I know with kids go out at night past the occasional dinner.  It sounds like you have done it long enough to know what you really are and are not missing.   And the in-house parties would be my downfall for sure...Have you talked to your GF about making changes and gauged her willingness to do that?  It sounds like a lot is going to depend on how much of this journey she wants to make with you...
Do you have a support network outside of your girlfriend? I've been in &amp; out of the party scene myself &amp; I know shit gets crazy. It's not exactly a lifestyle you can sustain for long. Maybe your GF will see the benefits sobriety is giving you &amp; join you? Can you at least say no more spontaneous parties at your place? Maybe they can party somewhere else. I wish you the best. You're making a smart choice for your family even if she doesn't see that right now. 
