-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8is833/having_a_hard_time_anyone_else/

I prefer being sober over not and I appreciate the positive stories and validation but is anyone else having a hard time? Is this not the right place for this kind of talk?..I liked this sub when I first started getting sober because I loved seeing anecdotes about people getting better and feeling positive but where are the people who are still struggling? 
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely the right place for this kind of talk.  Hard days are when you need the support the most.  Want to say a little more about it?
I'm still struggling  and we are on the same day !
I'm struggling hard. Most of my physical symptoms are done. But the anxiety and guilt are driving me crazy. ..What specifically are you struggling with (other than not having a drink)?
Yes a thousand times. Still struggling for sure.   I'm committed and won't fail but every day is a struggle some days more than others. Especially days like today: loooong work week traffic on the way home SO going to girls night out and a yo by son at home that needs attention. Seems like there is no relief in sight and man would some cold ones taste and feel sooo good. BUT! I know that I regret it tomorrow. Take it one hour or even one minute at a time. Always remember that it's a choice to drink that you and only you can make. One. Day. At. A. Time. IWNDWYT 
Yes. It's still early for me and I'm still fighting the urge to drink. The benefits are substantial but I'm basically trying to undo 10 years of daily drinking and weekend bingeing. It's hard really freaking hard. I've hid inside all week terrified I will buy booze.
This is a great place to be. It's hard at first. Week 2 started opening up and floodgates are still open to anxiety monkey brain etc but it gets better little by little everyday. Okay maybe in hindsight every week. ..I had to do 30 minutes at a time some days...We're here for you! You are not alone  ..IWNDWYT    
Sure!  What's going on?
First of all to you u/dlilmmm congrats on 18-days and congrats to the other new sobernauts who have also posted here and are struggling right now.  ..I know it's hard to believe but each time you fight the urge and don't give in you're getting better and taking back control over your brain!  I *still* remember the first few weeks being HORRIBLE.  I couldn't even lay on the couch and watch TV because I didn't have a 12-pack on the floor next to me. I was uncomfortable and didn't know what to do with myself and all this "free time" I now had.  I was sad and angry and every thought I had was about drinking.  Heck even driving in the car the bar-signs seemed brighter and were yelling at me to 'come in and have *one*'.  I was possessed and my alcoholic mind wanted none of this sobriety stuff!..The good news is and while it seems like an eternity somewhere around the three month mark I was sitting down and realized I hadn't thought about drinking for almost the whole day.  I even remember thanking God because it seemed like such a revelation!..My promise to you is:  The more times you resist the urge the less power it will have over you and the easier it will get.  Your life will improve in ways you can't even imagine right now!  Keep fighting the good fight and I'm rooting for you all!.
I'm struggling with the peer pressure and societal expectation that comes with booze. It's everywhere constantly tempting and the social aspect is basically an expectation for meeting others in their 20s. I can get over giving up the taste and even the high but the community aspect is hard af especially as an extrovert. What helps me is understanding that the fruits of overcoming these mental obstacles will come in time. I feel like dealing with an addiction I lose the understanding that time moves forward and that the temptation I'm dealing with is only trying to push me off the road forward. The road to better. Tomorrow I'll be thankful that I didn't give in today. 
I think a lot of us struggle. I'm not having a terrible time resisting drinking because I've basically holed up in my apartment for 30 days.  But it's sure lonely and not very much fun...
I quit for about 3 months last year choosing to do it on my own through sheer will power and mental strength...Wasn't so successful. It was a constant struggle. Ended the 3 months right around the holidays and went on a particularly ugly month long bender...So the new year rolls around and I get absolutely shit rocked. On Jan 1st. Woke up the next day and decided that I couldn't do this to myself anymore. Went to the hospital and attempted to admit myself. They determined that outpatient therapy would suit me best so I spent 5 hours a day in intensive therapy most weekdays in January. Lots of group some one on one with a therapist and a small amount of time with a psychiatrist...I fully embraced the help. I needed help. (Aside something I heard in Al-anon today  no one can do it for you but you can't do it alone. )..Anyway I now attend Refuge Recovery (Buddhist based recovery/meditation)meetings some Al-anon (I didn't become an alc in a vacuum) see a therapist and take meds. I'm not an AA person but I'm  reading Russell Brand's version of the Big Book called  Recovery . I have taken some parts of the 12 steps...So I've pretty much made a patchwork of recovery from the pieces of programs that help me.  Sounds like a full time job but it's not. I'm living a normal life most of the time. ..It's not easy but it's so much easier than trying to do it alone. So much easier...A year ago I would have never imagined I would be doing what I'm doing to be sober but it's working for me right now. ..I guess my advice is to ask for help and be open to things you may not have thought you would do...Good luck. Sobriety is worth it...
Yeah I done 45 days - just took it literally 1 day at a time 
I'm still struggling. I post every once in a while about my drinking still and for the most part people are supportive.
I feel like I'm supposed to put up this positive face and use a lot of explanation marks (!!!) But I just want to hole up and lay in bed forever. Where's the pink cloud people talk about? It's all grey and black. 
I am finding that doing the research on addiction treatment is as useful as the therapy I received and the camaraderie I found attending AA meetings...Spend some time investigating what is out there. If Reddit resonates then know that this is feeling is available face to face. . 
Definitely. Sometimes with an obvious cause sometimes for no reason at all all day long. Thursday was like that. Wednesday and Friday were better but I still had some cravings. I've been spending enough time in here to run across a lot of struggling posts. We've just got to remind ourselves that it's going to get easier and if we give in it's going to stay hard.  I have also found candy fizzy drinks exercise and distractions (reading video games this subreddit tinkering on my bike/electronics) very helpful.
