-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8issuc/aa/

So I've been doing AA for almost 60 days straight and as an athiest I think that's pretty good. And in going to keep going as the support group aspect seems to help. What I'm wondering is what is you guys opinion on continuing AA for the long term. ..AA people will tell you you have to keep going forever or you'll be a dry drunk then relaps. And while I dig the action steps as I see their merit I can't really get down with the spiritual aspect. ..Also I'm kinda a black sheep there since I'm the only one in a large group that doesn't believe in supernatural things. 
----------immediate responses--------

There are secular AA groups and there are also secular support groups which you can find via your favorite search engine.
Plenty of people make AA work while never adopting the spiritual side. The steps are very cleansing if you find the right fit in the person that takes you through them...You can get relief without buying into the while program. Take what you need and leave the rest. It is a long journey and having people around you with sobriety in common certainly helps at times...If it bothers you that much check out secular AA - https://secularaa.org.
Take what you need and leave the rest.
I did AA and everyone hounded me on getting a sponsor but I didn't want to meet for more than the hour or two a week and that didn't seem to fly with anyone. Outside of meetings I didn't want to spend hours a week away from my family...So I quit going six months into sobriety. YMMV. 
If you still want a long term support group there are secular recovery groups like Life Ring you could check out. They less common than AA so you'll have to check to see if there are any in your area but I found that I clicked in them much more than I did the AA meetings around me.
SMART recovery is a great alternative.  There is no one way of quitting.  If AA works for you keep at it.  But the vast majority of people who quit don't use AA according to research.   Hang in there. You'll find what works
As someone else said take what works and leave the rest. Step 2 and 3 are where I struggle also. ..I think the biggest merit of AA is getting you in touch with other addicts and helping foster a recovery mindset. It's helped me a lot in early sobriety. 
Whatever keeps you sober! How many times have you heard someone refer to GOD as  Group Of Drunks ? If it's bigger than you- and your AA group most certainly is- it can be your higher power. Remember that the only person whose actions you can control is you. Make a gratitude list- just things you're grateful for that day. It can be the simplest things in the world just be grateful. ..(I'm grateful I made it through yesterday sober. It felt good to wake up without a hangover. I think I'll go for that feeling again today)
Your higher power can be whatever you want it to be (as long as it's not alcohol).  The life force within all of us science rational thinking love time music the long arch of history &amp; the human condition nature some communitarian impulse.  ..Just something bigger than you or me that sweeps us along with it like a leaf on a stream.   Maybe just the astonishing fact that  life finds a way  like around black smokers at crushing depths.  ..Just be tolerant of other's beliefs.  They're struggling too.  Whatever gets them &amp; you both through the next day.  ..When people pray I meditate. ..When people burble on about how Jesus saved them I recall that Jefferson thought him one of the greatest moral philosophers who ever lived (he even cut up several Bibles lost all the metaphysics &amp; recreated a book of moral teaching).  ..You get the idea. When they get to higher power business I also remember that AA is an old organization with nearly ancient rituals and I roll with it.  A lot of atheists go to church not for the content as much as for the comforting rituals the sense of community contemplation &amp; the group singing (all things we're discovering people deeply need but which are missing from the atheist life).  ..
