-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8isvvy/struggling_so_much_with_opening_up/

I got my 2 month chip today and it feels amazing. I've been feeling so good but I've been romanticizing using and drinking again and skipping meetings and I know that means trouble...What I'm struggling with is opening up to people in AA. I feel like when I walk into those meetings even though I know everyone is so lovely and kind I close up immediately. I'm not a shy person but in there I am. I look at my feet I bolt out at the end. I worry everyone thinks I'm a bitch. ..I don't have a sponsor because I'm too shy to approach anyone and not many people approach me. It upsets me because I can feel my ego telling me that nobody is interested in speaking to me when I know that is so selfish and self-absorbed to think that way.  I think my fear is that I'll finally meet people who actually know the biggest secret I've ever kept just by me being in that room. ..I just don't know what to do. It feels impossible to approach anyone and I worry that my being in AA passively will eventually result in a relapse and I'm terrified by what that relapse will look like. Maybe even worse I fear that my recovery will be so half-assed that it will feel meaningless to me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe AA isn't for you if it makes you feel like that - doesn't work for everyone 
Me too it wasn't for me just kinda brought me down had my own shit to deal with and didn't want to listen to other people's crap as well - some guy had been going there for 30 years - that worked for him - but not for me 
You have to be somewhere you're comfortable and with people you know you can trust and that takes time.   At some point you'll run off the cliff and jump into unknown vulnerability and those people will lift you up.  Being vulnerable is terrifying and the root of tremendous growth...Congratulations again on your two-month chip. It celebrates the time you've been with them but doesn't bind you to their approach to sobriety. Also congratulations on your 64-day badge.
What's the problem ?
So - what is ?
My 1 and only AA meeting was a disaster - a complete disaster- I thought I had got there early -but was late - was one seat left - at the front - so styled it out and crept up - and tripped - went flying through the air - had some money in my hand for the collection (which I read goes round after) car keys cigarettes everything went flying and I ended up face down in some old guys ball bag - was so fucking embarrassed - everyone's jumped up to pick up all the shit that I had flung around the room and I had to sit there for an hour - mortified 
&gt;I think my fear is that I'll finally meet people who actually know my biggest secret I've ever kept ..My secrets have power over me right up to the instant *I share them with someone else*.  Then their power evaporates...The fears I had were that if "anyone knew *this* about me" well no one would accept me.  Actually when I shared my secrets a weight was lifted and I could be the *authentic* and *imperfect* me.  I was vulnerable in a safe space and people embraced me and yes loved me...There's a saying I fully believe: "resentments will make me drink and secrets will kill me."..Hope the best for you!
Oh so your worried they know your an alcoholic 
Have you conserved SMART? Refuge Recovery? 
I also struggle with vulnerability issues. Have you read Brene Brown? She has a great TED Talk about vulnerability: https://www.ted.com/talks/brene_brown_on_vulnerability/up-next
