-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8iyj39/my_brother_died_unexpectedly_and_i_need_to_stop/

Hi folks..A quick synopsis: One month ago I got the call that my brother who lived in Colorado (I live in Maine) had died suddenly and unexpectedly of a heart attack after riding his dirt bike. He was 49 years old. ..The autopsy report showed extremely hardened arteries and a heart double its normal size. He had untreated RA but he also smoked a pack a day for 30 years didn't eat the healthiest diet and liked his whiskey. I wouldn't say he was an alcoholic but he enjoyed getting a bit too drunk with his friends which may have contributed to what I believe was largely a lifestyle-related death. ..It has been the worst and hardest month of my life. I also lost my dad to a long drawn-out serious of heart attacks when I was 16 (he was 72) but I'm 32 now and this seems different/way more in my face. ..A bit about me I have struggled with alcohol dependence since my early twenties. Yes I like to overdo it a bit when we're all having fun but for me alcohol is what I've used to treat my underlying anxiety disorder for the better part of my life. Not the kind of thing where I'm waking up to a bottle but more once I start drinking it makes me feel "normal" and I have an incredibly hard time stopping. It can sometimes turn into 10 drinks throughout a given 24 hour period though usually more like 3-5. ..Needless to say I have had a few near blackout nights since my brother's death and have been using alcohol as my primary coping mechanism. It got to the point where when I met my fiance after work last night (she works until 10pm) I could barely speak without slurring. She is not impressed and will no longer put up with this I don't blame her. ..I'm ready to make major changes in my life. I don't know if a life completely without alcohol is in my future it may be though I would prefer a drastically altered relationship with alcohol as an alternative but I know right now that's likely what has to happen. AA is something that I would prefer to avoid (please do not judge me for this) though I'm willing to potentially give it a shot. I'm also not looking for drugs as replacements; marijuana for example is something that I enjoy a lot but does not scratch the itch of alcohol and as far as benzos/antidepressants go been there done that not good for me...I guess I'm just looking for any/all thoughts as to how I can take this immense tragedy in my life and reap at least a small form of silver lining from it. I know that I need to be there for my mom who is 76 and lost her son and I know I need to be there for my fiance who wants to start a family with me and move forward in the wake of this awful experience. ..Thank you all in advance. 
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry for your loss. ..Like you when I stopped drinking I needed to figure out how to deal with my shit without using alcohol as a crutch anymore. I learned how to do that by doing a lot of work with a therapist and by attending AA meetings. If you don't want to go to AA fine there are alternatives. In my experience group support in real life is very important so I'd strongly suggest at least checking those out to see if they help or not. ..And if your main reason for not wanting to go to AA is the whole God thing I'm an atheist and I get along just fine there. I always include that when people say they don't want to try AA because it's a common reason and it is what kept me from trying it for a while. If that is the reason there are plenty of us who make it work. ..Anyway you can do this. Try one try em all find what works for you and then keep on doing whatever that is. 
I am sorry for your loss.  ..My father and my mother died unexpectedly well before their time.  They died two months apart. Their deaths accelerated my alcoholism.  When I have memories of them dying it makes me want to drink.  ..What I think of now is that I need to view being alive as a gift.  I'm probably the only person in the world left who truly keeps their memory alive and they were good people.  I view staying sober as embracing life and drinking as embracing death.  I owe it to them to choose the former.
My sympathy. I'm sorry. ..I went to rehab had a therapist and psychiatrist and went to AA meetings. It's worked for quite a few days.
I think being aware that there is a problem (that you've been using alcohol as a coping mechanism for your brother's death) is a huge first step. I suggest that you brainstorm some healthier coping mechanisms to use instead of alcohol. Here's some ideas: Therapy exercise journaling creative expression (music art etc.) checking and posting to the stop drinking forum talking with people you trust about what you're going through going hiking support groups for loss yoga and meditation..just some ideas...My mom died when I was 14 and by 16 I had the beginnings of a substance abuse problem. It's so hard and I'm sorry you're going through this. Alcohol helps numb the pain in the short term but in the long term it just prolongs and intensifies the suffering.   
I am so sorry. I also lost my brother unexpectedly in August. He died in his sleep also of hardened arteries (he had seen various cardiologists etc. and not one doctor figured it out.) He was one month away from turning 45 and was in a great place mentally and taking care of his body. Then - poof. His light extinguished just like that. Without going into all the details it was DEVASTATING on many levels. I drank a lot before but it doubled. I mourned and sobbed and drank. Eventually I ran out of tears and realized wow/Life really can be over in the blink.If an eye. I don't want to waste any more time. I am going to LIVE my life and try to appreciate each day. I no longer take time or my health for granted. I know he would be/is proud and that helps keep me going. It's so hard losing a loved one unexpectedly. From personal experience drowning the pain in alcohol doesn't make it go away.
May I suggest seeing a cardiologist? It may be that you have an underlying genetic heart problem. Some cardiovascular problems can cause anxiety eg Ehlers Danlos. The enlarged heart made me think your brother may have had some issues. Beta Blockers when prescribed by a doc for heart issues also help with anxiety as they reduce adrenaline. My sincere condolences for your loss. 
