-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j7lyy/last_three_years_last_419_dayslast_142_days/

So this journey for me has been a long time in the making....  I knew I had an issue with alcohol for a long time but about 3 years ago I really started to reflect on how far I had slipped and had allowed alcohol to dictate my life...I had stopped being social or even reasonable about drinking.  I drank to get hammered...I still held it together had a good job family etc... but I knew alcohol was a bad and big part of my life...But I spent several years thinking I could moderate or taper or whatever....  that process took several years to prove to be totally futile...Then I had another 1/2 year thinking about totally quitting and what that meant.   AND I really struggled with it...But I got to a point where I knew it was what I had to do.  What finally turned the corner was a writing out all the  positives  of drinking and comparing them to the  negatives .  Wasn't even close the negative list was just straight up embarrassing and the positive list was really a joke and a cop out.   So cried and a lot and fought it but I quit.  Started counting the days.....It felt good... I knew what I was doing...  I could beat it.  245 days straight wow......For whatever reason last thanksgiving I decided to have a social glass of wine with dinner...  well the f'ing wheels came off the bus..... and for the next month I was damn near drinking every day again...It was a total stupid situation.  Because I knew what I had to do but I kept saying well  if I was off the wagon I might as well blow it out...But after a particularly big bender in front of the kids and family at the end of December (fell and hit my head slurring words fight with my wife etc.) I was once again confronted with how stupid alcohol was...What positive was alcohol bringing in my life?  Nothing...really nothing...So I'm back to 142 days and this time I've got a fresh perspective and strength about the whole process...It's simple but powerful in that alcohol just makes me feel bad.  I don't gain anything from it.  And most importantly the social situations that I used to dread not drinking at Ive learned to deal with and still have a lot of fun at...Just had my 20th reunion and I had a ton of fun and stayed out super late but didn't drink.  It was empowering and awesome...I also know that I will learn more about myself the longer I don't drink and that is also great.  And I also don't worry about if it is forever or whatever -or label myself and alcoholic or make a big statement about it with old friends or post that I'm clean or whatever.  I just want to drink anymore because it just flat out was useless for me and wasn't bringing anything positive in my life. Just negative stuff.  So why do an activity that doesn't help you in any way.???  Right ?..So I write this for anyone that is in the early phases of quitting...  just keep trying and find what works for you.  But also keep it simple is alcohol doing anything good?  My guess is no.  ..When you frame it really simply it is also easier to let it go...We all know smoking or eating only donuts are obviously bad.  Alcohol is a toxin.  Your body doesn't break it down well.  So don't put it in your body. ..Do things that ARE good for you.   Enjoy life more.  Get work done.  Eat more fruits and vegetables. Talk more with your kids...  take time for yourself...  exercise.  Also live a little...have an ice cream cone now and again......Life is too short to feel bad all the time and be regretful.  Make a change and stop doing things that are obviously negative....
----------immediate responses--------

nice post.very similar to my story. I hope I can make it 142 days +
Hi friend. Thanks for sharing--I think it's helpful when we can share learn and inspire each other to make the most of this big beautiful life :) Sending best wishes your way and IWNDWYT
This is a great post thanks for sharing!!
