-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8j7m7y/after_ten_months_instead_of_drinking_this_weekend/

.I met up with a friend on friday who "could really use someone to talk to" and we had a great time. We closed the bar even completely sober and she was really grateful i could be there for her and listen and be present. She's going through something difficult and it was hard to talk about it to someone but she felt safe with me...I spent the entire saturday at the park. With three people i met just five days ago at the calisthenics park. We worked out together we did some progression skills we talked about healthy food and we joked about the amount of soda i drank. We played frisbee we played soccer with some kids and we enjoyed the sun. One of the guys guessed my age six years below my actual age which is an awesome thing at 33 :) We talked to some strangers and we agreed to meet up again coming tuesday to train again..In the evening my youngest brother (mr.awesomebro) invited me to hang out with him and his friends in the city and we had a great time together i really like him he turned out great :)..On sunday i got a note from my new housemate telling me i am a funny smart kind and impressive human being i went to the gym and got complimented on my form and progress and I did my first successful cartwheel to handstand. I went to the cornerstore where  i got into a conversation with a complete stranger about kinder bueno and he invited me to hang out because i looked like a chill interesting dude. I had to decline because i started a new illustration project and i want to do some more work on it this evening...I dare anyone literally anyone to tell me this isn't an awesome weekend :) and weekends like this are becoming less of an exception every well every weekend. I never could have imagined days let alone complete weekends like this. Sobriety is the shit its the bomb its lit AF and its the best thing i could've done for myself. This is not to boast. This is for the lurkers for those who are really scared to start this thing as was i or for those struggling in the first few months. Try it out keep at it you're gonna love it....Highly recommend it 10/10 would play again...Hi5 buddies..
----------immediate responses--------

10/10 would play again.
Blissful     hi5!!!
Very encouraging! Thanks. IWNDWYT 
Great post. I love a sober weekend. 
  thank you for the encouraging post! IWNDWYT 
Sobriety delivers what alcohol promises  . That sounds like a great weekend. 
Thanks for sharing! Life is SO much better sober 
This is excellent news.  Glad things are all going good with you Soda!  Happy to be not drinking with you  :\)
Hi 5
That sounds like a really lovely weekend! I love how seamless and natural the social interactions were.  
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) that is friggin awesome!!!! How did you meet those people 5 days ago? Now I am curious lol.
