-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jcbf5/my_wife_has_no_idea_how_close_i_was_to_relapsing/

I was walking my dog at about 8:00 Saturday morning and was going over in my head the rest of the weekend.  My wife was going to work at 10:00 that night and would not be home until 8:00 Monday morning.   ..I'm 300 days in and I've been to weddings parties I travel alone for work and had many other opportunities to drink without anyone finding out.   But this time we were having a party Saturday afternoon and I started to plan my relapse.  I'd go to the liquor store to get wine for everyone else and "maybe" grab a pint of Vodka for after my wife left for work.   Then I thought I should call someone else to stop to get booze but that would take away my reason for going in. This train of thought really started to scare me...For those of you who have been through treatment you know what your toolbox is.  I really had to dig in mine and play out what was going to happen.  Even the best case scenario was not getting caught this weekend but that would.lead to further attempts to drink in the future and then I would eventually lose everything.  I've come so close to losing my house job wife and kids in the past.  ..I went to meeting on Sauturday night and I feel.much better now.  How sick must you be to have thoughts like this? I know what I will lose if I drink and yet I try and bargain with myself to do it.  The physical addiction is long  past but after 300 days I still had a craving.  This is my fist craving where iI actually got scared.  Thanks for reading.  IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I'm new at this and your Saturday scenario is what worries me about what this will be like further down the road.  Yeah I'm getting past cravings now and its tough but what happens after a long time has past and I get confident that I could probably control moderation again.   I know that I couldn't control it and I'd go right back into my closet alcoholic methods.  Good for you on catching yourself.  Your post is a great help to me because it gives me a 'heads up' on what's to come and I'll remember your experience.  Thanks
I can relate 100%!!! In the past when I've relapsed once I've started 'planning' (usually when someone asks me to go to the store for something I have actually felt giddy with anticipation. Feeling fear is much better; so glad you could hold strong!
Congratulations on realizing what you were doing and stopping it. That's incredibly strong and amazing. I've totally done the same thing but with less stellar results. Not today though!  
