-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jcvzf/horror_story/

Ok so I've been an alcoholic for more than ten years now last year was detox and rehab closely followed by relapse central with a fellow inmate of detox which lead to his death! .After that of course I went mad with the drinking as I had a huge justification due to my boyfriends death. Then it starts to take its eventual toll on my body. No appetite tired all the time not to mention no money or proper social life (I drink alone). I begin vomiting blood and end up in hospital each time they detox me I swear I'm done and try and get on with my life. I always go back to drink though like a person with low self esteem goes back to an abusive boyfriend. ..Last Tuesday I wake in the middle of the night and the familiar vomiting of blood happens except it's A LOT! I don't even have time to hide the empty bottles of wine I just call for an ambulance. I carry on being sick a lot to red clots and start to feel weird...I'm dying I just know it! ..I get to the hospital and I'm being sick black liquid it seems to be calming down and phew I think a few days on a ward and I'll be ok. Then comes a huge amount of bright red blood at least two pints then everyone is rushing around. I'm panicking and feel like passing out. Machines are beeping loudly and then they're rushing me through the hospital corridors to the resuscitation room. I'm grabbing every doctor or nurse and pleading with them not to let me die. I'm given a general anaesthetic then all of a sudden I'm waking up and they say they've saved me and stopped the bleeding. ..I spend the night in the Intensive care unit then transferred to a recovery ward. I just got home after 5 days. The image of all that blood will haunt me forever they're even talking about specialist procedures in a liver unit to fix the damage I've caused by drinking. IM DONE! I'll be in a coffin if I carry on. I've taken it too far. ..The craving has already set in I'm detoxed so I don't feel ill but I'm restless and bored but I just think of all that blood and how terrible I felt and I just know I have to take this one day even one hour at a time. I can't go back there's so much I haven't done or seen. I'm only 34! 
----------immediate responses--------

welcome back yeah it sounds like you have pushed it to the very edge of the cliff.  ..So what are you going to do to make it work this time?  I suspect they gave some ideas in rehab...
Please hang on please! You can do it! Everyone can!
Save up and get my ass back to rehab! Meanwhile I've given my debit card to my dad and told him to make sure I don't take any bags that I can hide booze in when I go to the shop. I'm going to concentrate on eating healthily and walking the dog. Eventually I want to volunteer somewhere....just keep myself busy. I think of all that blood and that can NEVER happen again!
Your situation sounds quite serious. You might not be so lucky to make it out of the next relapse alive.  I think the question you need to ask yourself is what are you willing to do to stay alive? At rehab they will surely suggest getting involved with some kind of recovery group where you can meet people who are successfully staying sober. Are you willing to give that a chance? What about tonight? ..In my experience the memories of past consequences always fade. I needed action to stay sober and I needed all the help I could get from whoever was willing to give it. 
If you're vomiting up that much blood I'm assuming you had some sort of esophageal issue. I'm not a doctor but I think you literally burn holes in the esohiogas due to the constant booze being an irritant. ..The body is a pretty amazing thing the stomach can take everything we put in one and an usually get it out of the other and the liver can repair itself even from severe damage but eventually there's a limit. ..&gt; they're even talking about specialist procedures in a liver unit to fix the damage I've caused by drinking. .Scar tissue builds up on the liver and it can longer heal itself (Cirrhosis). It can't be fixed with the exception of a liver transplant if it gets bad enough where they can't treat the symptoms (again treat not fix the actual problem). You're relatively young and I think the general rough estimate is 20 years of hard drinking before most people see the begging of cirrhosis and then you get treatment. If you seriosuly had this I'm sure they would have mentioned it to you but there's a whole other family of liver disorders that fall under alcoholic liver diseases (ALD). And there are treatments for those. I had a friend from rehab who had alcoholic hepatitis. He was on a pretty structured vitamin regiment prescribed by the doctor and he had a pretty strict diet and foods to avoid I remember he couldn't have stuff that had over a certain sodium content. He also might have been given steroids when he was in the clinic but not sure. ..Listen to what they say and do it all hopefully it's not to late to reverse the damage and the body is amazing in that it can. The liver only needs something like 60 days of no alcohol or other harmful chemicals (like acetaminophen) to fully recover. ..Before I was sober for a year (fell off the wagon recently though) I used to use the fact that I could just get meds for withdrawals as a reason to get back to my old ways of drinking. Usually they should scare you until I had a seizure and was having full on conversations with people I was seeing in the room and had to be admitted overnight. That didn't scare me enough because I slipped up just recently but what you went through having major bleeding issues sounds like it did scare the living crap out of you.  Maybe do some research on liver failure (don't want to stress you out if that's a trigger for drinking though) see that it can get to the point where the only chance you live is hoping for a transplant that's the finish line for all of us even if we beat the withdraws the stomach and esophageal issues pancreatitis wet-brain they can fix and treat all that but eventually the liver just can't keep going and that's usually the curtain call. ..Hang in there get to a meeting stay with people that will keep you honest and watch out for you. My girlfriend has texted me over 20 times already this morning "how are you doing still havent drank yet?". She has find my iphone and can check on my location Told her I'm going right from work to another meeting then right from there to the house if I make a detour to the bar she will know. Just a suggestion but things like that. ..IWNDWYT..
It was the varaccies (like voracious veins but in your stomach) which burst and I have a hole in my diaphragm from a nasty bout of pneumonia that caused it but I do have cirossiss (sorry can't spell). Bit of I stay clean I will be offered a transplant if I need one if I've been clean a year. I just wanted to share my.Story as a warning that the liver can and will give up with enough abuse!
Your wake up call death wow.  Please look at the side bar read all the books go to all the meetings and come here often. It is not going to be easy it is going to suck somedays and somedays the birds will sing and the sun will shine just for you.  This is your life now.  Your brain will try to tell you you can drink moderately  your brain lies you can't.  Somedays I live on this sub connecting to others reading the success stories and the failure stories has helped  me tremendously!  I will not drink with you today  will you join me?
ohmy I am glad you are okay-ish. I read some of your comments and replies on here. I had to tell my (e)husband evvvveeeerrrrrryyyyy hiding spot I had in the house before I let myself go home (granted I found new ones and went back and repeat) but yes.... that prob was the hardest thing. Debit card.... I got around that.... no bag..... figured that out too but him knowing my hiding spot was super helpful. If I couldn't hide it I couldn't drink it. I think part of my addiction is that too... the "getting away with it" except I never really did and what was I getting away with? killing myself slowly? glahhh
You know what's worse than being an alcoholic for 10 years?..Being an alcoholic for 10 years and a day...Welcome aboard.
Please take care of yourself
I'm glad you're still alive and going to try a different coping method than drinking...34 is too young to die of liver failure. Please take care of yourself...I wish you the best.
Thankyou everyone. I will allow myself the odd cigarette every now and then by I want to become a healthy active person and eventually go travelling. I've sat in rooms with only a bottle for company for way too long.
Have you heard of kratom?  ..Theres some really really cheap vendors online.  Kratom has helped a lot of alcoholics... It wont be a miracle cure  but you seem desperate to stop the cravings.  And like you said... Drinking will kill you.
My ex boyfriend died of a ruptured stomach ulcer he was a heavy heavy drinker and he died alone and panicking ( evident from the blood trails all over his flat) He was found the next day by his teenage son an image that will no doubt haunt him for ever. There is always something to live for alcohol isn't worth dying for. 
One of my biggest fears and the main drive behind my will not to drink. I'm scared shitless of dying because of drinking. Not just painful but slow and makes you completely powerless. ..I've also been a heavy drinker for over 10 years. I hope you can turn this misfortune in your favour.
Yes to echo what others have written... pls stay strong. Don't drink. Find something else anything else to replace drinking in your life...Great username by the way!
Two old friends standing next to their friend's grave 'What did he die from.'; 'Alcoholism drank himself to death'; 'Did he ever try AA?'; 'Lord no he wasn't that bad'.  Sick humor I've heard in the rooms but with a very direct point.  Hope you can find help.
Sorry to hear about the troubles. The human body is an amazing organism. Start taking care of it \(by not drinking\) and it will be there for you. I'm sorry to hear about the cravings \- that's the obsession. Go to meetings. ..IWNDWYT
Welcome back wish you luck in your recovery
Its literally all you can do is take it "one hour" at a time... hell sometimes its one minute or one second at a time.. it fucking sucks.. its crazy how this shit can consumes ones life so much without one realizing until its too late or near.. i hope you do well and just keep that image in your mind to prevent you from relapsing.. the next few weeks will be rough. But something in you wants to stop so listen to that voice not the one making excuses or negotiations.. thats what gets you. Im only 26 and i know i have my own demons and problems and im working on them but its always a good thing to help people who have the same problem.
Wow that is some serious stuff.  I'm glad you're done.  Do whatever it takes to stay sober.  You have a lot of life ahead of you if you stay clean.  You can do this!  
You can do this. You have a second chance at life. Harness the desperation you feel it's a gift. You are capable of beating this. One hour at a time friend. I highly recommend you Get to meetings reach out to friends/family hide away if need be whatever it takes.  Stay glued to this sub and we'll see you through. I believe in you. Please post as often as you feel like it really does help and we really do want to help. 
How'd I reset my badge!?
So how's it going today?  
Good I had an appointment at and alcohol clinic where they've assigned me a key worker and also referred me to a counsellor which is awesome! Thanks for asking!
