-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8je420/wellim_back/

I am coming back. I used to have a relatively active account here. But I had to delete once I relapsed because it made me feel ashamed seeing that I totally threw away any progress. But I'm coming back and am genuinely worried for myself...Life events have me shook. GF went back to school and it is extremely taxing financially. We had to move back in with my parents to save money. I feel so much stress and pressure because of this and I have went back to drinking. Alcoholism runs in my family so it has been a huge point of strain that I picked drinking back up. But I don't feel any ownership of my life. I feel stuck inside my actual childhood bedroom. I work as a fucking Brewer. ..I need to make changes in my life. Namely to stop drinking but it is so hard because I feel so down all the time. ..This isn't much other than I wanted to post back in my old sub. I wanted to just feel some release. But if anybody has any advice or can offer some support I would be grateful.
----------immediate responses--------

I feel ya dude. I'm a bartender at a restaurant with 61 craft beers on tap and some shifts are HARD to get through when you're used to clocking out and having a few beers before you even head home. .Some days it seems like it'd just be easier to let myself have one (or many) but I've been on that merry-go-round long enough lol..Today is actually my first day posting in this sub glad you're back! :) .Idk if La Croix is helpful for you but I've been keeping my fridge stocked and knocking those things back. IWNDWYT :) 
welcome back! this is an amazing place and has been key to my sobriety - but you already know that. also you can do this is - but you already know that too as you've done it before...drinking is such an illusion - it actually multiplies all the problems you have and makes you feel ten times worse - but at the time it seems like an escape from your problems. ..hang in there. take it one day at a time. in my experience once i made that change everything else just flowed out of it and things did started getting better all round...lots of hugs and positive vibes to ya! you got this. no boozing!..oh and i have been back at my parents' house for so long now i've upgraded from a couch and they've given me my own bedroom. at least i'm surrounded by people that love me and i'm debt free. so there's that too :) 
Have you tried kratom before?
