-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jja3h/cant_sleep_cant_stop_crying_relapsed_after_4/

I will reset my badge when I can get my computer fixed. ..May 9th 2018 is my new sobriety date after 4 solid months. ..I feel like such a failure. I feel I like everyone down and I let myself down. ..I only had one drink (didn't get drunk lol) but I relapsed mainly on cocaine. ..I've got 6 sober days now and just talked to my sponsor. Basically all the benefits of sobriety were amazing and I got busy and stopped going to this sub and stopped calling my sponsor and stopped going to AA and relapsed. ..Won't bore you wit the story but if you could help me with something encouraging to get through this depression as I get back on the right track with these 6 days I could really appreciate it. ..Thank you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

6 days is no small feat! You should be really really proud and you are my inspiration  
You were clean for 4 months.  You had a one off incident that you understand was extremely bad and you started to cut off your support network too early and too quickly...Now go do another 4 months.  You already know you can do it because you've already done it. Start today.  Create a no excuse zone.  ..There's two ways to look at this - either as a failure that is going to start a whole new cycle of substance abuse and wreck your life again or as a big mistake you made once in between years of sobriety...If you were clean for four months then had one night then clean for 10 years after that what does it really mean?..But you have to actually BE clean for 10 years first.  No bullshitting.  ..Talk to.your support networks but you can do this.  You know you can.  You've got the best evidence in the world - you've literally already done it before.  So do it again.
Keep coming back!!
If it's any consolation you've helped me realise that it really isn't worth losing my 4 months for that glass of wine I wanted last night. 
Been there done that have the T-shirt (actually I have it in multiple colors). Cocaine is a hell of a drug... at least for me. I literally couldn't/didn't/wouldn't stop until I moved freaking three steps away... but I don't remember any withdraw tbh and I guess I wasn't sooooo addicted I tried getting it there. I don't think the thought ever crossed my mind either. I actually have never told anyone about this I mean my BFF knows everything but even this bit she doesn't. Alcohol actually subbed in for my coke addiction if think about it.... anyway I am sorry you relapsed but YAY your back :) You relapsed. It happened. You already see where you went wrong you already have made actions to change it. Stop beating yourself up. Relapse is a part of recovery. I figured out what works for me with trial and error. I got six months before I drifted too far and had to get reeled back in (you sound like you bounced back yourself - kudos). Anyway point is try&amp;try again live and learn stop looking back - you aren't going that way &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; all those sayings. You are okay. You are here. We are here. We got you. I know it sucks but its all about perspective. Look at your silver linings :)..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for coming back. We kept the light on for yahhh (cuz I am on a roll with these cheesy but none the less true sayings)
I can't even get a day down yet! So 4 months is pretty inconceivable! You are something to aspire to!
I'm just waking up to day 5 of my first crack at sobriety. If it was day 5 of my second try I think I'd still feel proud of the length of my first one. Hope that makes sense. I don't think a relapse negates or wipes out previous achievements. To my mind you've still got that 4 months in the bag and starting the clock again with that added knowledge and experience will likely help.
It's amazing that you are back in the wagon already! One of my friends got into cocaine and it was chilling to see how quickly her life unraveled including losing custody of her daughter. I'm so happy for you that you were able to come back so quickly considering how powerful alcohol and especially cocaine are. Net sober time is more important than a streak. You still have a lot of days of sober living under your belt from this year and you can tally up some more :) I will not drink with you today!
You can do this - I love the saying I've heard around here "fall down nine times get up ten".  Plan A is always staying sober but sometimes it takes a bit of research to work out that Plan B [anything other than staying sober] is not such a great plan. So many of us have tested this theory and it's coming back having tested it makes Plan A look so much better to me anyways. .
Welcome back Greenman.It sure is good to see you here today.. I'm rooting for you from somewhere in Canada..back in the game and playing to win!.Yeah effort.. discipline.. do you have a game plan this time around?  Like a regular schedule of sober meetings and check-ins?  .IWNDWYT 
Maybe try watching a few comedy shows? Be kind to yourself. Berating yourself won't help. There is still hope.
4 months is huge.  It's all about persistence.  This is my longest sober period in what is my 4th time giving up 'permanently'...All 3 other times lasted around 4.5 months.  Although it didn't seem like I was making progress at the time they all helped me and I think it all finally 'clicked' this time around...You will have learned a huge amount in that 4 months it will help you this time around.
There are very few of us that woke up one day got sober and stayed sober the rest of our lives. Most of us had to "try it" a few times. We get complacent and don't do the things that we KNOW we need to do. ..&gt; stopped going to this sub and stopped calling my sponsor and stopped going to AA and relapsed...Sounds to me like you know exactly what you need to do so the real question is:.."What are you going to do differently this time?"..Welcome home!..
I just want to reiterate what others have said: your 4 months is not lost. You made a mistake by not continuing to use your support network but now you know. It'll be ok. Sounds like you're getting back on track.
Here's a perspective on relapsing that I got from Smart Recovery.Is Relapse Inevitable in Addiction Recovery?.Julie Myers Psy.D...Slip Or Relapse.For many with serious substance abuse problems any drug or alcohol use can be problematic. These people must abstain. If they drink or drug again they can slip into full-blown relapse even after months or years of abstinence. For some even a brief lapse may generate so much self-doubt guilt and a belief about personal failure that the person gives up and continues to use. This tendency is referred to as the abstinence violation effect...So does this mean that even a brief lapse must lead to a full-blown relapse? Does it mean a person must continue to drink or drug until the use returns to the initial level? Is spiraling out of control inevitable? Simply put no. A lapse need not become a relapse. After a slip you have not unlearned all that you have learned. You have not unchanged all that you have changed in your life to support your recovery. You do not have to start counting again from day one...If you view your lapse as a mistake and as a product of external triggers rather than as a personal failure research shows that you will have a much better chance of return to abstinence quickly. Your lapse becomes a tool to move forward and to strengthen your motivation to change your identification of triggers and urge-controlling techniques your rational coping skills and the lifestyle changes needed to lead a more balanced life...Does this mean that a person should view these lapses as a good thing? Of course not! Clearly if one wants to abstain lapses are not preferred. But by recognizing that mistakes can happen and learning how to quickly right oneself long-term abstinence can be achieved. Lapses may occur but relapse is not inevitable...Reprinted with permission from SMART Recovery San Diego.Copyright (2012) Julie Myers PysD: Psychologist in San Diego. All Rights Reserved......
Keep trying! Sobriety is a daily recommitment. I won't drink with you today!
&gt; Won't bore you wit the story..If typing out the story even then only to delete it or save it for yourself to read helps (it does for me) then go for it. ..It took me forever to get to even to a week when I was on the back and forth back and forth withdrawl to drinking to huge binge drinking to another withdrawl spiral for years. Then I was clean for a year in early april and fell back into drinking by that same "ill just have a beer" and then spiraled back into heavy binge drinking until I found myself in the ER for withdral. Similar to yours is I also distanced myself from my support groups. Fell out of touch with sponsor stopped AA early on honestly probably only got to a year through a crazy work year and total avoidance of booze (neither of which are bad of course) but the support systems probably would have stopped me. ..The depression naturally goes down and the positive thing is that those support systems are all still there. The things we stopped using that caused us to fall off the wagon were waiting there for me with open arms and seemed even more supportive than the last time. And hey tomorrow is one week which is big for a lot of us. 
FAIL = First Attempt In Learning..I would bet money that most of us here have relapsed in one form or another. Take this experience and write about it in all the nitty gritty details so you may remember it. Learn from it and get stronger. You are doing all the right things by getting back here and getting back in touch with your sponsor immediately. ..Please do not think of this as you relapsed and are back at square one. Rather I would think of it as: I had 4 months of sobriety hit a bump in the road and fell off but I am stronger than I was in the beginning because of those 4 months of sobriety. I know what I need to do to make it right and will continue to do so from her on out!..Best of luck! You have people all over the world rooting for you on this sub!
Don't be too hard on yourself self loathing doesn't help you stay sober. I'm speaking from personal experience there. ..I always joke about not making the same mistake twice but that there are lots of first mistakes to make. Every mistake I make is in a unique situation simply because of where I am in my life. If I'm being really hard on myself I try to think of what I would say/do if it were a friend in my situation. I certainly wouldn't tell them they suck or that they're a failure i would offer them comfort and support and encouragement. It's hard to remember to do that for myself sometimes but if a friend or even a complete stranger (say at a meeting) deserves my support why shouldn't I support myself?..Anyway most if not all of us here have had slips and falls. We're here for you! Best wishes!
Thanks for all the kind words guys. Just gotta realize that even when the going gets easy I need to still keep my support system to some degree so I don't skip up. Gonna finish the steps. That's for sure. I think I've identified some of my triggers and it won't be hard to cut those out. 
