-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jpsbb/today_is_my_cake_day_it_is_also_131_days_without/

I like to say I've been sober for 228 of the last 232 days because I made the decision to be sober last September but relapsed at New Years. So today I have 131 continuous days of sobriety. I've only relapsed the once and have since done my best to remove the trigger that caused it from my life. So I think I'm doing pretty well...Normally I post here when I need some words of encouragement or strength. Today is not that day. Today seems as good of a day as any to list of how my life has gotten better since getting sober..  .I started a new job one actually in my field last October. It pays more than I've ever made before and I am constantly learning new things. It's probably a combination of sobriety and work environment but I can say that this is the most satisfied I've ever been with a job. .  .I got engaged to the love of my life. If you look at my post history here and read my rock bottom post you'll see her leaving me was the final push I needed to get sober. She saw how I was turning my life around and had faith that I would continue to better myself. Our wedding is planned for January 5th 2019..the day that I will be 1 year of continuous sobriety. The importance of this day is a great reason to say no to a drink I've used it many times when tempted..  .I've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and clinical depression. I've been on medication for it for the first time in my 33 years of life and for the first time I'm starting to feel "normal". I hesitate to use that word but I can't come up with a better one. When I was self medicating with alcohol sure I wasn't depressed or anxious when I was drunk but I also wasn't "normal". And prescription meds have way less of a hangover potential than alcohol. ..Because of the change in my health I am finally healthy enough to pursue one of passions. I've been a fan and supporter of Burlesque for quite some time and always thought it would be fun to get out there and try it. When I was drinking there was always an excuse not to. I always found a reason to tell myself it wouldn't work so might as well take the extra time to drink. No more excuses. I signed up for my first batch of lessons at one of the local burly schools (the burlesque community is strong here) and starting this coming Saturday I have a beginning chair dancing class once a week for 8 week. With...wait for it...a performance showcase at the end! Does this cause some anxiety? Yes it does but now the anxiety is manageable without needing to reach for a handle of bourbon...There are countless other improvements in my life but those are the big ones and I've been rambling on for awhile now. Maybe this post helps someone get through another day. Maybe it conveys that there's still hope. I know it made me feel good to type out something positive for once and that in itself is reason enough to make this post..  .Thank you for reading and thank you for being there on some of my darker days IWNDWYT.....-------------.Disclaimer: I argued with myself while writing this over use of the word "sober". I am dry but some may not consider me sober as I do use medical marijuana as part of the treatment for my anxiety. If I offend anyone with my use of the word sober I apologize. I have been truly sober and not under the influence of any drug while writing this post. Thank you again. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are going great! Keep up the hard work and dedication. I am proud of you and your accomplishments. Continue to hold yourself accountable and live your life with as much joy as you can muster. ..No boozin!
Congrats on 131 days and happy 7th year cake day. I hit my 7th year on the 9th and I wish I had found this subreddit back then too...IWNDWYT
Mad props!!! I'm going strong with 953 days off opiates... it gets easier with time... I promise..I came here from your fb by the way :p
Awesome report my friend!  Congratulations on your improved life things will only continue to improve.  Great job!
Yay go pyro!
Congratulations to you. If you use a cannibis product without thc then you are all good. If it has thc then you really arent sober. I also grew up with severe anxiety and fears and ptsd. What i found was that cannibis actually increased my anxiety and fears.  And incredibly increased my paranoia. I had to develop my internal tools to deal with my fears and anxieties. You can do this. I benefitted hugely from a very good counselor. I found over time my anxiety and fear lessened and today are almost non-existent. They come up when it is appropriate for them to do so. For people like us using any kind of mood- altering drug stops our emotional growth. I know this isn't what you want to hear but this is what i have learned over the years.  I hope everything works out for you and that you manage you feelings so you can be happy. Good luck.
(on top of getting rid of triggers)...have u looked into going to aa meetings (getting a sponsor to walk you thru steps) in combination with cognitive behavioural therapy? That full combination helped me get rid of my anxiety and depression completely. And I had both pretty badly for over 25 years.  
I think you can define sober however you want. If I smoke I'll end up going back to drinking personally because I've never enjoyed weed it would just be another drug to me. ..But if you can manage it...I read somewhere awhile ago from someone if it weren't for weed they'd have drank themselves to death by now. That's more of a win than not. ..Congrats on the relationship. That's amazing. Rock bottom sucks hard but coming out the other side makes it better and you can only go up from there :) and it looks like you are. ..Have a happy life  
Awesome results! Stay on course.
One year off benzos ... Two years on cannibis ... Great !
