-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jqq4d/im_worried_about_future_relapses/

So this is only my third time in my life trying to get sober and I was such a hard drinker.  My last relapse really almost killed me ambulance ER and the works.  I'm so worried that I'll relapse again and it will. It's that sword hanging over my head.  Being sober is easy until it's not. Anyway I'm calling for some counselling tomorrow but I just had to get it off my chest.    My first post here was about wanting to live and now I want it even more. 
----------immediate responses--------

What's the plan to stop the relapse from happening? 
It's normal to worry about relapsed but it sounds like you are motivated and getting help.  Good luck to you!
Getting sober is one thing; staying sober another. I had no clue how to do it without help. A therapist psychiatrist and AA were part of my support system. ..I too was scared to death of relapse. When I finally got my head around the fact that it couldn't happen if I didn't take the first drink it calmed my nerves. I won't drink today. Saying that every day means I stay sober. I don't relapse. ..It also helps to remember what happens when I drink. Do I want that misery again? The answer is "Absolutely not!"..I hope you have the help you need. 
The fear for me was what got me to actually do work and make changes. I absolutely do not want to drink again. I've made new friends skipped certain events (bottomless mimosa brunches) and have distractions planned.  Building a sober community made a huge difference for me! It's nice having someone to call or text if you feel like you're going to drink. ..Stick with it it gets easier!
Don't forget that drive to live. Whenever I crave I seriously and logically try to imagine any situation that would be bettered by a drink. Sure temporarily I might feel better but slowly trudging through tough times always results in a lasting and brighter outcome. Keep talking about it! Bringing these thoughts to light (fear of relapse) make it harder to ignore or brush off.
I know exactly what you mean. I'm currently afraid of my own capabilities. I keep getting too comfortable in my sobriety and tricking myself into thinking I can go back to handling a drink or two. Then the next morning there's blood in my vomit and I can't make it to work. Hoping staying sober and not listening to bullshit reasoning in my head gets easier with time and practice. 
That's what I love about sd. We can look at someone on day 1 or 1000 and take a little piece of something to help us. I see people slip on day 10 30 352. Sd really gives me insight and possible triggers to watch out for. One thing I see a lot of is anyone that relapses is never that happy about it. One day at a time. IWNDWYT 
Wanting to live is a great start! What helps me try and change habits or bad behaviors is concrete plans of action support and distraction. I am prone to chronic worry and looooove to dwell on "avoiding the bad things" but that sort of obsessive thinking can make it worse!
aa worked for me and i tried eeeeverything..the only wait to get and stay sober is the same as staying fit. you have to commit to going a few times a week (to aa and do the work) to keep it.  read the big book (including all the stories in the back by drunks) and look for a sober sponser who has 10+ years of sobriety who smiles (and has the life you want) at meetings.  hope that helps.
also - sounds to me like you are an alcoholic 100% its not a moral issue. its an allergy a real disease just like diabetes. once u got it you can never get rid of it. hence total abstinence is the only way.  will power wont last ask any true alcoholic with the disease.  look up joe and charlie doctors opinion on youtube.
The next relapse could very well kill you. I've been in AA for quite a while now and I've had a couple different friends go out for one night after years of sobriety and die. "rarely have we seen a person fail who has THOROUGHLY followed our path" who's path the people who wrote the big book. If you study that book like your life depends on it and you do exactly what they did I guarantee you 100% you wont drink again. I'm sober 9 yrs and honestly I have never seen anyone go back drinking that does the program exactly how it's laid out in the big book..... Problem is so few do everybody's special.... Not me Im just a hopeless drunk who's only hope is a AA.... Working pretty good so far
Fear of an out of control relapse is what convinced me to try naltrexone.  If I can extinguish those cravings then I will feel safe that any future slip while obviously disappointing at least won't be life threatening. 
Forever is a daunting concept. When I think in terms of the sum of all tomorrows staying sober seems nigh impossible. But I need not concern myself with that. Today is the only day that matters and today is easy!.. The first thing I do each day is the daily check in here on SD followed by reading several other posts and commenting when I feel I have something to add. This really helps to get my day started off in the right mindset. I use SD as a tool to guide my daily meditations that help give me the strength the squash the urge to drink when it rears it's ugly head...Stay strong! I will not drink with you today!
