-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jro2v/day_four/

I feel like complete shit. My kidneys hurt a little but I'm sure that will stop eventually. I don't have a whole lot of other (physical) issues and each day since my two-day hangover stopped I feel a little better each day. There are no other signs that anything is wrong other than a mild headache. If these persist I'm going to the doctor this weekend. ..Even though the thought of drinking is literally revolting I still want to. I'm also incredibly exhausted. I skipped work and slept all day and moped around feeing terrible about myself. ..My nightmares usually start tonight or tomorrow and Friday/Saturday is going to be difficult. ..I'm not drinking today and I'm going to say the same thing tomorrow. I've given myself a goal of 30 days with plans to renew my commitment. ..Please tell me that this all eventually ends and I'm going to have a normal life. I feel hopeless and shameful. And don't get me started on the guilt. I have a SO and I feel like I'm dragging him through this with me and I'm terrified of relapsing. Anxiety is mixed in there too. ..Is it okay to sleep so much? Is it okay for me to crave so much carbs and sugar? At least I'm eating again which means my appetite is coming back. ..I just don't want to feel hopeless anymore. I want to break free from this addiction and I knew it was going to be hard. When does it get better?..IWNDWYT. ..
----------immediate responses--------

It's ok to sleep this much to crave carbs and sugar to do whatever you have to in order to keep alcohol out of your system and give yourself a stable base for your sobriety : )...I had a similar nagging headache the first week or so turns out I was just clenching my jaw all the time and not realizing it. IWNDWYT
Day 12 and the nightmares started last night. Woke myself up calling out for help. Hopefully tonight will be better. Eat the damn cookies! We can focus on that later. IWNDWYT 
I felt awful for the first 5 days (hungover major anxiety depression and withdrawal symptoms) then after that I had difficulty sleeping - night sweats itching flu like symptoms...after about a week I felt so much better and just kept feeling better and better since. You can do it! You'll feel great soon...just take it one day at a time.
My doctor told me to sleep as much as I could and I gladly accepted the challenge. Your body has been through a lot and will thank you for the rest! Sweet things really do help with cravings so I ate whatever I wanted for the first month or so. IWNDWYT.
