-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jxtxi/waiting_out_this_relapse_withdrawal/

I've kind of been using this sub as almost my diary lately. This is long so feel free to disregard it. Just spewing some thoughts because I'm trying to get back to where I was before I let myself relapse and this withdrawal period is testing my sanity. ..So it's been 3 sober days since Sunday; that was the night I decided to throw my sobriety to the wind and seek out my most toxic drinking friend and completely destroy myself on a bottle of absolut with him at his house. ..I knew as soon as I woke on Monday morning that this particular hangover was different. My state at the time could only be identified by myself and by my SO as glaring evidence of the scary problem I have. My old hangovers were just that- hangovers. That was before I became honest with myself and with the people closest to me about how important it is that I no longer drink. Now? No. ..Since becoming sober I've noticed something happens during the times I managed to talk myself into believing in the idea of moderation. As soon as I let my guard down and have that first drink my inner alcoholic becomes so frantic to get loaded that I end up nearly killing myself with alcoholic poisoning. My brain starts running entirely on this "now or never all or nothing" kind of vibe. And I can't control it. ..This hangover has been so persistent and sinister. I miss my sober brain so much. I just want to be a few weeks sober again. It's been three days and I'm still so exhausted bloated and totally worthless. I still feel almost more hungover three days later today than I used to feel the morning after drinking. The blood in my vomit Monday morning was enough. Feeling afraid of losing my job was enough. My SO's face when he got ready for work that morning avoiding eye contact and conversation with me was enough. But I guess if I'm being real with myself I'm thankful for it all. I need these reminders to kick me in the head. I didn't need to relapse. And I do get the chance to prove to myself I can do better this time. I'm just ready to be free of this horrible withdrawal. This state of being has already stolen way too much of my time. .
----------immediate responses--------

I have the same feeling after relapsing Monday. I wish I could speed up time. I just want to be 2 weeks in the future. Ugh. 
If you are vomiting blood see a doctor. 
We never have to experience this again!
