-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8jz39n/so_this_sucks/

I wrote a post on here last night about how I woke up panicked and then realized I'm 100&amp;#37; sober and have been for a long time and it was an amazing feeling...I run my own business we're in our first year and things are tough. A lot of my drinking issues have come from the stress and anxiety this has caused \- but I'll take the risk of a startup business over being a drunk. Also I've been trying to quit for ten years so that isn't the problem just has made things worse. I have three "employees" and none of us take a salary so we can build the business without investment so long term we all do better and can do it our way rather than theirs. ..These three guys love to meet over beers and we do a lot of partnerships with breweries and distilleries \(we're a craft coffee marketplace so working within the beverage industry is necessary and how we get our customers\). I've done so well and they always give me a hard time for not drinking. I usually grab a large coffee and just drink that. But I get so weird and start thinking like mad to myself and end up staring off into space while everybody else is getting all drunk and creative. I get so quiet and just can't get deep into conversation. Earlier today I gave in and had two beers but I made sure to get the lowest alcohol content ones. I'm still seriously upset about it but it did help me to relax and start a good conversation. ..I just can't be "weird" and quiet when leading people and I hate that alcohol is such a necessary thing for everyone to meet over. I'm 100&amp;#37; on edge right now about not turning this into a relapse but this is really hard as this is literally how I make a living and the difference between success and failure is a good/bad meeting with a client. ..Does anybody else deal with this and how? I'm 100&amp;#37; determined to not let this set me back and to keep going and not beat myself up too hard but to learn from this I'm just struggling with this.
----------immediate responses--------

also when we drink while meeting things go bad so quickly and usually after two beers nothing gets done. I hate this so much. I try so hard to meet over coffee or schedule meetings in the morning. ..We don't have an office so all meetings either happen at bars or coffee shops. I'm working with people who aren't getting paid right now and they're offering me their time and belief for a company I started \- so keeping them happy is huge. Again this isn't a "well they have to deal with you being sober" situation \- or it isn't that easy this is literally my career and life and we're too deep in to call it quits. I'm over $30k into this business and everybody has been putting in hours and hours of their time.
There is a saying around here  progress not perfection.  It seems to me you're doing your best in a sticky situation. That is worth a lot. And sobriety doesn't always just *happen.* It took me many tries and many adjustments to place and circumstance to give myself the best shot. 
That's a really hard situation. Sorry you are dealing with that. For me it helped to look at it differently - rather than thinking I'm acting  weird  or not enough fun for not drinking I think about how my mind is sharper and I'm not having to pretend I'm sober (since I was usually was drunker than anyone else).  I'm also not focused on getting enough to drink without anyone noticing. It actually makes conversation easier since I'm more with it and that makes me more confident. Have you read This Naked Mind or Alcohol Explained? Both changed my perspective on things. 
It sounds like you're dealing with some social anxiety that is making you really concentrate on your behaviour and second guess it and that makes a kind of feedback loop that makes the feeling weird escalate. There are ways to break a cycle like that that aren't booze. You might try looking up some CBT techniques for managing anxiety they are pretty simple and skill based. Another thing that has worked for me is to put the focus on the other person. If you concentrate on drawing the other person out or making them feel good I find you can let go of the focus I yourself that creates that anxious self monitoring. ..Basically I don't think you're as trapped as you feel re meeting these guys I think there are ways to manage these feelings without drinking if you can gain some new skills. ..Good luck and good on you for coming back here ASAP! 
