-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8k0tzq/so_close/

Today I went on a date and we were in a place that served beer. I could see the bartender pouring the beers and people walking away from the bar with cold drinks in their hands... ..Earlier that day I'd been hanging out with a friend and I had kind of tried to explain that I was going to not be drinking anymore for the foreseeable future. They aren't really aware of how much alcohol has affected me before because I hide it. But in this conversation somehow I started imagining myself as (I think) my friend sees me -- as someone who doesn't drink all that much (because I drink alone and don't tell anyone hah) and who doesn't seem to have a problem. And if I don't SEEM to have a problem then I probably don't have a problem says my brain. .And so I then carry this bad bad thought with me to this place that's serving beer...So I'm sitting there waiting for my date to get there and watching the bartender pour all these cold frosty beers for people who are sitting together drinking and socializing in the spring air and there was like this physical pain inside my chest at how badly I wanted this but also how badly I didn't want to give up. And I wrestled with that lingering thought of maybe I DON'T have a problem and I can handle my beer and everything will be FINE...etc. etc...In the end the thought of having to tell my therapist that I relapsed of facing a hangover laced with shame at giving up and yes even the idea of going on here to write a sad post about my failure kept me from drinking. But it was close. My mouth was literally watering for a beer. ..In the end the date was great and I had a fantastic time talking and didn't feel socially awkward at all sober which is why I generally drink on dates! ..Thank goodness I made it through that but it was really difficult. It stresses me out how close I came - out of nowhere I might add as I woke up this morning feeling on top of the world and super strong in sobriety. ..What the heck brain? 
----------immediate responses--------

What a huge victory for you! You navigated the addictive voices perfectly. ..I remember when I caved to the urge after my first big for real quit. I caved after a little over three months of white-knuckling.  It was awful-- that feeling of giving up. That feeling of "fuck it". I just ended up repeating the cycle of moderation escalation stupor and regret. ..Don't do that. Stay sober. 
I am so glad you were able to get through that moment.  Those thoughts still hit me.  Today in fact.  I am staying at a friend of a friend's house while they are out of town.  I am alone.  I was told to help myself to anything.  There is a lot of alcohol here.  I argued with myself for a good 5 minutes before realizing I was really just hungry and that I  didn't not WANT the alcohol.   My addiction did.  
Lucky date ! Didn't have to watch you getting drunkslurring telling stupid stories and losing your car keys! And you didn't wake up wondering if you made a fool of yourself. Success! IWNDWYT 
