-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8k3nc3/introduction_and_a_question/

Hi everyone. I'm new here. .My drinking has become a bit of a bad habit. I don't drink every night but probably 3 or 4 times a week. I don't usually drink to get drunk but sometimes knowingly drink more than I should so I want to nip it in the bud before it becomes a bigger problem..Going on holiday mid July so now seems like a good time to get rid of the beer belly too..I'm going to start by trying to give up for 60 days and then reassess things..What I think I will probably struggle with is how to distract myself from thinking about having a drink on nights when I am tempted so any input on what you guys have 'replaced' drinking with would be appreciated or any other tips on what you do to distract yourselves from thinking about drinking? .Thanks :).
----------immediate responses--------

Thinking about drinking when one has made a decision to not drink is called a craving. ..I have been sober a few days now and no longer have cravings but that is one of the first clues that I am indeed alcoholic and must abstain. ..I would say if the cravings are bad during the next 2 months go to an open AA meeting. You can sit and listen. No one judges those who come to listen. If you hear what sounds like you then more looking into recovery by talking to alcoholics might be prudent. ..Best of luck and I hope you have not become a pickle!..IWNDWYT 
What helped me especially in the evening "witching hours" was going to a recovery meeting and just listening...
Meetings. Sugary foods. Endless cans of grapefruit or coconut La Croix. **New hobbies**. Alcohol creates and fills its own void. Brainstorm something you've always wanted to learn how to do and dedicate those evening hours to it. YouTube has hundreds of thousands of tutorial videos on how to do pretty much anything. Since I have quit drinking I have learned how to identify and forage for edible and medicinal mushrooms relearned how to draw learned Photoshop and Illustrator and learned how to play the banjo. I've been learning one new banjo song a week since March! There are s*o many things to do* other than drink alcohol...
This might help!..http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/bored
60 days is enough time to grow snap peas and spinach and radishes if it's not too hot where you are. Or start a gourd vine or morning glory vine if it's hot. Gardening is deeply satisfying and healing on multiple levels and it's been my dearest companion through this transformation. ..There can always be something to do and if you're bored it will ground you and un-bore you and if you're feeling good it's a deep well of discovery. There is nothing greater sweeter or cuter than a snap pea you pluck off your own vine for a snack. It's pretty rewarding.
I initially replaced drinking with Crossfit. I dragged my ass to the gym at 6am and gave it my all. Something about giving the workout everything I had in me satisfied something in me and it made it easier to not drink. That and candy. I have myself permission to eat candy when I had a bad craving. Instead of driving to the store to buy vodka I'd pick up a some candy and stuff my face. 
Find out about support groups in your area. There is AA but look for things like Smart Recovery and SOS. There is SO MUCH STUFF out there on addiction. In Europe there are many different approaches to treating alcoholism. Here's JUST ONE i found....https://www.healthline.com/health-news/mental-new-drug-to-reduce-alcohol-use-in-alcoholics-042413
Thanks for all the comments. I think I'm going to opt for the new hobbies option suggested by @Papi_Queso. I already exercise a fair bit (I've got a deferred entry into the 2019 London Marathon) - I don't think I'm at the point of needing to go to AA meetings it's more of a bad habit than an addiction (at least I think it is!) I've done some online learning courses before and enjoyed them so I might go down that route. .Thanks for the input - I'll be back regularly - it seems like a great and supportive community :)
I'd like to chime in here because that was how I felt when I first stopped drinking in 2015. I quit and my life didn't really change any didn't have a lot of cravings wasn't around people that drank. It was easy. But that mindset slowly went from "I stopped it before it got really bad" to "Maybe I overreacted and didn't need to completely quit."..So I decided last fall to buy a couple things at the liquor store. At first it was great. I could drink a beer and feel a slight buzz. I tried all my old favorites. I tried making new drinks. I thought "I'm not an addict I just like to drink sometimes." But my tolerance built up quickly and before long I was back to my standard rum handle every week. I realized no no I'm definitely addicted to this and can't moderate. But I still didn't quit. This month I got suspended 4 weeks at work for coming in still drunk. I hit that rock bottom I thought I saved myself from ever reaching back in 2015. So if you're worried about drinking again definitely check out that link from AbsoluteRascal but also maybe do a search on this sub about people that have tried to moderate and fail. It's enlightening.
