-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8k3pnj/reflections_on_a_relapse/

I'm 47 male. Drinking since fifteen every evening more or less since my early twenties. Tried to get off the booze a few times the last few years..Had a year sober by February 2018. I think I had a year in mind as a target so when I passed it I suppose I relaxed..Started to indulge in thoughts about drinking and when some old drinking buddies were in town I said Fuck it just this once..The beer tasted bitter and I did not have an especially great time. The drinking just didn't live up to expectations.  Felt ill the next day said Well that was shit!.Problem was I started thinking about drinking more now. Four weeks later feeling depressed gave in just to be free of the cravings had a few drinks..Again nothing dramatic. No joy. Just a sense of disappointment but the drinking thoughts were getting more frequent now..Long story short drank four times over a three month period each time thinking Just this once and each time at shorter intervals..After the fourth time I said enough is enough checked in again here at SD..I'm trying now not to get into internal arguments not to indulge the drinking thoughts at all. I  remind myself that drinking is shit and that having a drink rather than removing cravings increases them. So I wait till the feelings pass..This is I think my fourth time getting sober and each time I feel more secure in my conviction that it's the right thing for me and that it's doable..Respect to all at SD! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I am restarting today too ......... #4 for me as well
Good for you. Welcome back. I've done this before as well. Several times. I keep coming back somehow. ..Maybe we're like trees adding rings each time we give in and return. Soon we'll be enormous oaks and a trunk with a circumference so wide nothing can take us down. ..So you added another ring. :] 
Thank you for this reminder that I can never drink normally. I don't know what it is about alcohol and our brains but I can't touch it without my mind being triggered into all sorts of insane rationalizations. (My favorite one is:  You're overreacting. ) My trap has always been that when I DO stop and then DO think about taking a drink my mind goes  Dude if you could do six months sober a couple of beers isn't going to hurt. It'll be easy to get back on the train.  Bull. Shit. It's literally a trap. It's some weird and dark part of us manipulating the better part of us. Weird to think of it that way but that's the only way I can remind myself that it's never going to work. I am never going to be able to have just one drink and NOT fall into the hole of self-defeating self-loathing awful crap that is me when I drink. I've tried for twenty years to figure out how to do that and if I devoted that much energy to ANYTHING else I'm sure I'd be successful. Thanks for letting me rant. Cheers and good luck to you. Don't drink again. 
I'm barely over 60 days myself. A couple times a week I have similar thoughts of just a 6 pack for the weekend or whatever. I mean obviously I'm in control now right? I've proven I don't need it...But then in those cases /r/stopdrinking helps pull me thru those cravings by just reading other people's stories...Thanks Fam    
Thank you for sharing this important insight. Way to pull it together before things got out of hand that's no easy feat!
How much does a "days without drinking in a row" stretch impact you? Are you upset that you reset to zero and are now at 11 days instead of \~469? How much impact does that number have on your personally? ..Genuinely \(selfishly\) curious. It's just a number right? But for whatever reason it feels like an important one. I guess I'm just having trouble getting mind wrapped around the mysticism of a streak. 
I relapsed but just once.  For 15 days.  :)..I don't know if you have any spiritual beliefs but what helped me was to ask my higher power to remove my thoughts/cravings of alcohol.  When I did that the thoughts went away for a couple weeks at a time rather than the couple days that I was able to manage on my own...Welcome back and IWNDWYT!
Congratulations on having the awareness to get off the elevator before things got completely out of hand.  The progression of alcohol in our stories always has intrested me. .. Keep on being diligent and you will be OK.  I had to reset my badge today because of lax in attitude and lack of work on my part.  Years ago I had 4 years sober.  I was only able to accomplish that by going to meetings getting a sponsor working through steps helping other alcoholics in making a whole lot of new friends and doing new things that didn't revolve around drinking...For me stopdrinking is an invaluable resource however I need a plan and human interaction so I like AA. .. What I was involved in AA I did so much.  I went out of the country with people from the program I went camping I travel to New York City in over all how to much more fulfilling life than I do now.  Prior to getting sober that time I pretty much was a recluse just like I am now and spent my time indoors drinking my sorrows away... If I didn't leave the house nobody could see me drink or get a DUI. It's a better life sober no question it is a ton of work though...Nothing worthwhile comes easy.
With it being wedding season and some of those weddings being of people really close to me I'm often consulted as to what beer they should serve as I was known as the beer enthusiast in my closet circles. Then I'm helping tap kegs because no one knows what they're doing. Had some serious mental battles recently. So much really good beer has gone to waste and it's been really difficult. Reading this is a good reminder that every time I've gone back it's never been worth it. Thank you for sharing your story. Iwdwyt
Respect to you for this post.  I always find that talking about my stuff here on SD makes it all shake out.  I think that instead of feeling bad about drinking/resetting I try to think of it as a learning experience.  It sounds to me like these few times of drinking have informed your experience not diminished it.  Reading your words makes me feel proud I can't help it.  IWNDWYT
It's a struggle for sure. Good on you working on your sobriety. 
Thanks so much for sharing this. The longest I've had in my sobriety journey so far was 72 days before I relapsed. This milestone is coming up in a few days again for me. I know at some point I'm going to start the rationalizations the  moderation monkey' will be on my shoulder. ..I think if I did drink again it would wind up exactly like you outlined. At first I'd be SO in control - proving it to myself (not really) and everyone else by having only a few drinks at a time and not every day. But in my mind the obsession would be triggered. I would be scheming planning about when and how I could drink again and make it seem  acceptable' or  reasonable.' ..I would have a particularly stressful or perhaps even great day (aka excuse to let loose get drunk just this once). I'd say to myself and others I've proven I can take it or leave it so why not? Then I'd start staying late at work- telling my husband I need to get a few more things done and crack into my work's wine stash. The drinking alone and hiding my drinking will have begun and that's where I left off when I started sobriety. ..Playing that tape forward today. 
You CAN do it!  Took me 2.5 years of in-&amp;-out...something WILL click...promise!!  IWNDWYT 
Posts like this help me stay in track. Thank you for sharing your experience.  I'm afraid of getting too confident down the road.
This is so so so so so helpful. Thank you for sharing this as I fear this exact thing happening for me. I'm copying your post to add to my word doc of 'emergency shit to read' when feeling on the edge. 
Relapses happen. I've had my share and now that I'm 17 months sober I still think about drinking. Since I'm sober I can rationally think about how bad a decision it would be just to have one beer. The first things that come to mind is ruining my 17 months the hangover the disappointment my family will have if they find out \(or having to lie about it for the rest of my life\). Then if I'm still fighting it I start to think about all of the stuff I've done due to drinking and never want to do again. And then all of the stuff that hasn't happened to me YET but eventually will if I don't stop \(losing my job wife being incarcerated etc.\).
You don't mention if you have a support group. Here's how I use mine:..I have a moral 'compass' as I suspect. do most of you. While I was drinking that compass got mis-aligned. Instead of doing what I knew in my heart was right I continued to drink because my compass wasn't pointed the right way...Each time I go to my group meeting my compass gets "realigned" a bit from hearing the messages and from talking to other sober people. I come out of the meeting feeling better and knowing I'll continue to make good choices about booze (i.e. not drinking!!). ..However if I were to stop going to meetings bit by bit my compass would start shifting again. I would forget the misery of drinking and only look forward to the 'joys'. But as you noted the joys aren't really there anymore? I don't think I could go off on a bender these days and enjoy it because I'd know all the reasons why it was so bad for me. I might go on a bender and get black out drunk though. ..My group really helps me just by being there. If you're not using one may I suggest you try?
Thanks for sharing sir!
You have a great attitude about this. I really appreciate it since I recently went 4 months (my longest stretch) and relapsed. Now have 8 days (gotta reset my badge) and I've been feeling sooooo depressed. My relapse wasn't really drinking (it was drugs) but same thing. ..I'm trying not to beat myself up. Looks like you're doing a great job not doing so!..Someone told me if it happened to your friend you wouldn't ridicule them so why ridicule yourself? I know easier said than done. But each day I've VERY slowly gotten less anxious and less depressed. I hope you're doing well. 
Kudos on getting a year that is very admirable. You sound like you are realizing how boring and well...kind of gross drinking really is. Good luck moving forward it sounds like you are growing and that is always positive.
&gt;Problem was I started thinking about drinking more now. Four weeks later feeling depressed gave in just to be free of the cravings had a few drinks.  ..&gt;I'm trying now not to get into internal arguments not to indulge the drinking thoughts at all. I remind myself that drinking is shit and that having a drink rather than removing cravings increases them. ..This is why I'm doing the Sinclair Method. I want to beat back those cravings so I'm not still struggling each day even after months or years. I do believe that programs like AA and SMART Recovery can do wonders dealing with the spiritual and psychological sides of this but if you don't deal with the actual biological cause of the uncontrollable cravings you will always be vulnerable.
Drinking and consuming drugs just feels like an excuse not to participate in life.
I can really relate to your post. I remember some evenings of drinking just because I felt  driven  to do it and  driven  to have  fun  doing it. But I didn't really want any alcohol. I was just in the rut of craving it or thinking it would make me feel better. Honestly on many of those nights I think I was just over tired or hungry or fighting a cold or something. Probably should have just had some tea read a book and went to bed. But instead I thought drinking would fix it  not just one of course more like five and then I'd feel worse the next day. Anyway now I'm rambling on. Just wanted to say thanks for sharing this. IWNDWYT!
thanks for this post im almost at 1 yr and feel that temptation a bit.  this was helpful and thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT
Congrats on coming back! Just reading the posts and comments on this sub will keep you strong. And remember your badge!  The badge is the best tool since the telephone. Nurture it and see how big it grows! ..As someone who relapsed recently I want to stress how moderation is not an option. It starts with a drink at dinner and turns into a weekday blackout. Stay away from the stuff. You're right. It's poison. IWNDWYT
