-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8k5028/constipation_after_quitting_drinking/

Today I am 18 days sober. Which sounds like a short time but feels like a life time. ..****TMI****..I've always struggled with what I assumed was IBS and every "next day" after drinking I would struggle with diarrhea. Wake up go. Eat something  go. Smoke a cigarette go.  .But NOW I am constantly constipated. ..Has anyone experienced this?  If so  did it ever go away?  And how to fix it? Will it just go away? 
----------immediate responses--------

It's likely just your body adjusting to the lack of booze squirts. If you're on any medications for cravings/withdrawal it could be that as well. Stay hydrated take a good probiotic (it's essential to get your gut flora back in check) and eat fiber-rich foods. Congrats on 18 days!
You need to drink some water my friend. ..CHUG CHUG CHUG...Drink the heavenly water. :]
PS. And unlike alcohol it's unlikely you'll end up drinking too much. We usually almost always drink way way way too little.
How much water are you drinking? Take your body weight in pounds and divide by 2. Drink at least that many ounces of water per day. That should help. You can also try eating more high-fiber foods. 
Besides getting enough water I read about honey and it works!! You get raw unpasteurized honey and dissolve a big heaping spoonful in a coffee mug of boiled water let it cool enough to gulp the whole thing down.  Take it at night before bed on your empty stomach and again when you wake up.  It gets things softened up and moving.  Plus it's yum!  And if you do it for a couple weeks it should clean your colon as well.  Old toxins!  Let them go!  
Me too. Drink more water eat more high\-fiber foods. An apple a day right? Beans legumes greens whole grains.
giving up the booze has made me constipated too 
***Thank you everyone for your comments. I must admit I have been slacking in the water department. It was so much easier waking up in the middle of the night killing bottles of water after a heavy night of binge drinking.  I'm going to take all your comments to heart and drink more and eat more fiber rich foods.  I must admit I'm trying to work on diet. Drinking most days ordering pizza or just popping something premade in the over just seemed easier.  It's crazy the lack of motivations you have while being an alcoholic.   Only thing that motivated me was the alcohol.  But I'm trying day 18 and its not to much easier..
