-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kar60/you_ruined_drinking_for_me/

Said this to the guy running our treatment group. It's helped sometimes to remember that epiphany - to on the one hand miss what drinking used to be but on the other know that no amount of alcohol would ever be enjoyable again.  .He *ruined* it.  .What he led us to realize (well one of the things) was that the positive associations with drinking were just not accurate. There's nothing good for us in a bottle and not in a parent-scolding don't-ruin-your-appetite-with-that-cookie way. It's not an external limit we're struggling under - it's an unvarnished truth arising from our own experiences and thought processes. Just as we cannot go back to before developing our unhealthy relationships with alcohol we also cannot go back to pretending there is anything positive left in it.  .We know better.  .He showed us and he was right.  ..That jerk.
----------immediate responses--------

Well said! This was a turning point for me also. I haven't been able to reverse the realization that alcohol gives me nothing and takes away so much. It helps so much in avoiding acting on the cravings. I have no doubt alcohol still could drag me under if I where to relapse but the risk of relapse is much less now...Recovery for me at this point consists mostly of keeping these types of realizations fresh in my mind so as to not allow old patterns of thinking to take hold again. Thanks for sharing!
I have't had the 'pleasure' of drinking on knowledge. ..It's not nothing I am ready to try today. 
So true and thanks!.IWNDWYT.
This is a really helpful way to think about it. Thank you!
So true...I'm not going to lie lately I've found myself thinking about having a drink. Which is weird because for a while the thought of drinking never even crossed my mind. ..I just remind myself that yes there will be enjoyment if I drink but the aftermath on the other hand:..1. I will have broken a promise I made to my children..2. I will have thrown away every single sober day I've fought for. I have just over 140 days. It isn't much but it's mine and I worked for it..3. I'll feel like hammered shit  physically and mentally. I don't miss waking up not knowing what I've done who I've yelled at what I've broken. .4. If I drank one night I know I'd end up relapsing. If I relapsed I would end up losing custody of my children to my husband  also a (now sober) alcoholic but is still a shitty person in general. My life and my children's lives have been so much better since I got sober and kicked him out. I don't want to give that up. ..I make it a point to ruin drinking for myself every chance I get. It keeps me on the right path. 
