-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kdff9/identifying_the_danger_zone/

So this is now my third firm attempt at sobriety. First time lasted 15 days. Second lasted 18. Third lasted 14. ..So it's safe to say two weeks is when I start to trick myself my brain starts dreaming up all these good-sounding notions or I give up on my goal out of sheer hardheadedness. I become selfish and ignore my own pleas to stay on track. ..This time I'm on day 5 and I desperately want to stay strong. Has anyone else come to understand what their danger zone is when becoming sober? Is this a thing? ..I feel so much happier and alive when I'm sober. After my last relapse last week I still don't feel like myself. I drank for one night but it was enough to basically give myself alcohol poisoning. I'll take any advice I can get because the fact that I still managed to relapse even after I was so happy being free from alcohol shows that two week mark is something I'm going to have to approach with a different strategy...
----------immediate responses--------

Day five here too!! And not my first day five. .I've had the same thing happen at the two week mark. Actually I just spoke with my counselor about this "pink cloud" effect yesterday. In a nutshell your brain chemistry is beginning to change around that time. .For me the alcoholic in me says it's ok... You can have one. Or you feel better now so you can handle it. .An analogy he gave was pregnancy. Your brain chemistry gets messed up during pregnancy (that took nine months). So it is unfair to believe that your brain chemistry would be reset after only two weeks of sobriety. .Or going through puberty for example it takes time for the brain to acclimate to it's new way of operating. .Clearly I have zero certificates or licencing in the field but it seems logical. .I just keep reminding myself that I am an alcoholic therefore I THINK like an alcoholic. .So pretty much I shouldn't trust or believe what my brain tells me. At least not for now especially when it comes to the subject of alcohol. ..Let's do day five together! .IWNDWYT!!!
Ahhh I know those danger zones...not fun...Are you on any particular path to recovery?..I couldn't do it on my own. Medical care therapy meetings and SD worked well for me...Anything we can do to help?
My danger zone is when I try to convince myself I am "Cured" that is my sure fire red flag. Whenever those thoughts creep in I need a hard reminder why I quit in the first  place. Going back to my first posts here are a pretty good reminder.
