-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8km6u1/i_almost_drank_yesterday/

My anxiety has been almost unbearable over the past 2 months following a breakup a move several deaths in my community and a new job. I've been isolating not reaching out and skipping the gym in favor of laying in bed watching Friends (not the last three seasons though I'm not that far gone). That is 100% relapse behavior so I'm not entirely surprised that I spent a good ten minutes arguing with myself in the wine beer and mouthwash sections of Publix yesterday. ..But I didn't drink. I went to a meeting shared honestly got dinner with a friend after and told him what was going on. I realized that I'm very uncomfortable with feeling healthy and that I'm panicking as I approach the year mark...At any rate the only thing I have to do perfectly every day is to not pick up a bottle. So I won't. I will not drink with y'all today.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi. Thanks for sharing. I've been struggling too mostly job related as well the summer approaching has unexpectedly caught me with these strong urges. Scaring me but going to a meeting later.     This is my first run at sobriety...so the journey is somewhat new. Congrats on almost a year I'll stay strong with you and IWNDWYT!
I have pretty severe anxiety issues myself like lots of others in AA. I use mindfulness (Google it) and guided meditations from an app to calm myself.... Took me years into sobriety to finally try it and it works great not right away but if you keep at it it will help. I also consider riding my motorcycle and jetskis meditation as it clears my head of all other thoughts 
Good job in not drinking! I have been in the same position this week myself so many agonizing hours in the liquor aisle.  Oh and as someone who recently watched the last 3 seasons of Friends I commend you on that decision also!
Ugh I really wasn't looking forward to my one year and I'm so glad it's over lol. I feel so much better now and I bet you will too. You'll get past this! I'm sorry it's so hard right now. &lt;3
I too have severe anxiety I used to drink to relieve my anxiety. One thing that works for me is playing an all out balls to the wall drum solo for as long as I can until I almost collapse. - I guess any physical activity might work but drumming you actually get to Hit something and for some reason that feels good. Congrats on not drinking what ever works for you just do it. Good Luck..
