-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8knhm0/relapsed_twice_in_5_months_i_need_help/

Hey stopdrinking..I have been trying to stop drinking for the last 5 months and I'm having difficulty staying stopped. I'm doing a twelve step program have a sponsor live in a sober house and have a good network... but I'm still relapsing! My problem is two fold: 1) I'm having difficulty being honest with myself. Whenever I drink again I keep thinking "this will be the time things are different" even though it never is. And I don't know what to do to change my mind when the moment comes. It's like I go on auto-pilot and nothing but an outside force is going to get me to stop drinking. 2) I never use my network in a time of crisis. This last relapse (2 days ago) I met with all kinds of people in my network... and told none of them. I knew since that afternoon I was going to drink again but I didn't say anything because I already knew what they were going to say...Please guys if anyone has some suggestions let me know. It sucks because I'll start doing everything right and work hard on my sobriety and then I give it all away on a whim.
----------immediate responses--------

I can't change my mind at the moment I decide to drink either. I can only change my mind in all the moments *before* that moment. Those are the times I can choose to use an outside force to prevent me from beginning the drinking debate with myself. In early sobriety I planned my entire day out so if I wasn't working I was doing something healthy for myself \- meetings gym meditation movies or whatever. I also made sure I had at least one honest conversation with another alcoholic every day. When I'm in a bad spot I tell on myself as soon as I can. If I verbalize my insanity it loses power \(also a good way to get a laugh\). But all the shiny tools in the world do me no good whatsoever until I pick them up.
It sort of seems like you have the structure of sobriety all these tools and nets and that they should come together and form sobriety. But I think sobriety at its core is just me forging myself through the moment inside my body me burning through whatever excruciating feeling it is and going on existing anyway raw remedy-less. The feeling passes...As you say you did know you were going to drink--the moment of pressure stayed up against your heart and dragged you all day. My idea is to feel that hot pressure all the way the first time it comes up. Stop everything and let it burn through you and stay existing let it have its way with you as you sit there leave you limp. Collapse. Breathe. It shifts. The heat at the back of your head clenches and dissolves. The pressure cannot be sustained if you confront it and let it burn itself out. Lie back. Your body is calm. You're still here. You don't drink... ..
It sounds like you're stuck at Step 1. What helped me was learning about alcoholism and accepting that I had this chronic condition. It can go into remission but never goes away...&gt; When it becomes more difficult to suffer.&gt; .&gt; Than to change;.&gt; .&gt; We will change. .&gt; .&gt; 
