-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8knso4/58_days/

Hey guys this is my first time posting in this sub. I have always struggled with depression ever since I was in 6th grade. In 8th grade I started experimenting with drugs. I'm 18 now and just last year I overdosed on narcotics 3 times and was sent through a php rehabilitation program for a month. I feel like I have already ruined my life before it began. ..I am now 58 days sober from everything. I am waiting to see my life get better but it isn't. I'm waiting to experience how great sobriety is yknow how great recovering addicts say it is. ..I question if being sober is really worth it. I am so deep in my depression and selfishness that I feel like I never want to be sober again despite hurting the people who love me and going through self destruction. Will I feel like this forever?
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on your 58 days of sobriety. You are on the right track!  Overdosing 3 times is very scary.  You are very lucky to be alive!  I would love to see you live your life and grow old with health and grace. Sobriety is worth it. Best Wishes...IWNDWYT.
I try to remember that whatever I'm feeling now will always change. Whether I feel completely hopeless or completely euphoric it will never last forever...I knew I had a problem at 18 too but I chose to go another 19 years to find out how bad it could get. Spoiler: it keeps getting worse. If I had it to do over again I would get sober when I had my whole life ahead of me but it took what it took and I can accept that today. I'm pretty comfortable with who I am at the moment. And yes I wouldn't trade my worst day sober for my best day using. Today I have everything I need and I want everything I have as imperfect as it is. There is no chemical that can improve on this...I have both depression and addiction. While there is a great deal of interplay they are still two different diseases and I must treat them both every day if I want to stay alive. Antidepressants exercise and meditation are crucial to manage my depression. I use spiritual tools to stay sober.
Hi there and welcome! Happy to have you here. - No it will not feel like this for ever. It will get better...You have obviously been through a lot. So had I at your age. I'm more than twice that now have been through even more and can honestly say: Your life is *not* ruined there's an awesome mindboggling future ahead of you. I wouldn't expect to feel what other people feel; you are you and have to find *your* way your joy your keys and processes. Depression for me was a cage it dulled everything made me short sighted erased my imagination drained the colors from my life closed my doors and windows - but one day it lifted vanished in thin air and *that* was the moment I was born and began to explore this world at the age of 35. I can honestly say the decade since has been super awesome - with crap and shit but also with joy fulfillment discoveries all kinds of human experiences that depression sucked the air out of. Not easy but hot damn worth every second of the fight...Hang in there friend it will get better. It might take time but there is a better future for you I promise...IWNDWYT 
