-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kqnv6/going_to_celebrations_sober/

One thing that I really struggle with is going to celebrations such as weddings and baby showers sober. It's different to going out for dinner when you can grab a couple of sparkly waters and you know that you only be out an hour or two it most but I really find it difficult to converse with people for several hours when I'm sober. I feel outside of my comfort zone and I just want to escape back home and be a recluse. The chit-chat now seems so boring and I can't be assed with small talk for hours on end and especially with people that I don't know too well. This for me is probably the hardest part of being sober :( 
----------immediate responses--------

You hit the nail on the head celebrations sober *can* be extremely uncomfortable alienating and ultimately not so fun especially early in sobriety...I went to a friends wedding when I was about 60 days sober &amp; it was difficult and just felt weird. I think I smoked about a pack and a half of cigarettes which is normally about 2 weeks worth of cigarettes for me. (Needless to say my lungs hurt the next day haha)..But! They do get easier! Shoot everything gets easier with more sober time under your belt!..Hang in there and if you have to excuse yourself early do it! Don't be ashamed! I've done that more than a few times and that's likely what kept me sober on those celebratory days!..Sending hugs your way friend  ..IWNDWYT!
I know exactly what you feel.  I'm an introvert and it's exhausting to talk to people for hours.  I've decided in sobriety to take care of myself.  I will go to events but at a certain point if I'm at the breaking point I'll  just politely leave or sit down and be quiet.  It's not worth me drinking and if people can't handle it I'm truly sorry.  Anyway that's my thoughts on it.  Best wishes to you!
Yep. I set my goals before I arrive - I have to speak to 3 new people plus x y and z - once that's done I'm free to go.
