-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ksqui/day_1_and_my_story/

Hello!..I've decided to post here for some support and accountability. I 100% realize that I cannot control my drinking and need to 100% stop not moderate...I'm 34 and have been drinking since I was 12. For the most part it's been binge drinking at night on the weekends but over the last couple years it's started creeping up to daily. Typically I have 4-6 drinks if I stick to beers as hard liquor is much easier to get down...Why do I want to quit? I feel like I'm on the edge of a slippery slope. I'm highly functioning...happily married two kids a third on the way nice house high-paying job. But my brain knows better. It's known for the last 10+ years that I can't control the drinking. I'm 40 pounds overweight don't have the energy that I used to fight the hangovers and sometimes struggle with anxiety. And I know that on the other side of this slope my marriage could fail I could be unemployed and the damage to my body will catch up...Recently I left a company where I was happy with my work and like my coworkers to take a higher paying job at a small company. I was hoping to use it as a stepping stone to management but it's been awful. The politics are terrible my manager is extremely negative and has unrealistic work expectations and my coworkers all feel completely beat down. This has added a ton of stress to my life and of course I turn to alcohol to cope. ..Have I tried to quit before? Yes a few times. I quit for six months shortly after college. Lost a bunch of weight didn't miss it still went to parties just didn't drink. Decided to start again and of course went as hard as ever. Over the last couple years I've tried dry months but once I start again it's a very quick slide back to old habits and each time is harder to stop than before...What's my plan now? I'm working through This Naked Mind again. It helped when I went six weeks without alcohol two years ago but I never finished. I will finish it this time. I also have the 30 Day Solution and Alen Carr's book. I'm hopeful these will help reduce the desire to drink. And getting involved in this reddit should help keep me motivated and accountable. ..Beyond that I'm working with a recruiter now to try and find a new job at a better company. I've got to change my habits away from drinking and bumming around the house to actually doing things like reading and hobbies. I'll have to learn to socialize without a drink in my hand as well...Two philosophies I have learned here: I will not drink today and if I think about drinking fast forward 24 hours. Today I will have a good breakfast get groceries work for a bit watch my son play baseball make a good meal and eat with my family and maybe watch a movie or show with my wife. None of that requires alcohol!
----------immediate responses--------

I was in rehab for 30 days. I learned about the 12 steps. I underwent counselling and experienced Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. Now that's almost 2 weeks since I have left I am feeling strong each day. I am attending 2 Smart Recovery meetings per week and find them very useful. I also found this an awesome worksheet...https://smartrecovery.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/HOV.pdf..To put it simply: there are many paths to addiction and there are a number of paths out.
Sounds like a good plan to me--the long and short term ones. :)..You might find as sobriety progresses that you'll have a lot more time and energy. Might help give you the push to find a new job or at least you might feel better able to handle the way things are at your current one. Alcohol can be a stress reliever but it can also increase anxiety and stress when you're without it...Wishing you a nice Sunday and I will not drink with you today!
This sounds *fantastic*.  I wish you my best!  I have zero regrets over stopping and life gets better in general all the time.  Weekly.  It's a great place to be at on this side of the habit.  IWNDWYT 
I've found everything is so much more manageable in sobriety.  Your work concerns will be much easier to tackle when you grow in strength.  And that will happen.  Each day you will get stronger. IWNDWYT 
Day 1 went great. Had sushi with my son for lunch and grilled chicken sandwiches for dinner. Son had four hits and two runs and got team MVP for the game! Went to bed early as I was tired from not getting too much sleep after drinking so much Thursday Friday and Saturday. ..Day 2 so far so good. A little anxiety but likely just work. Listened to a couple chapters of Naked Mind this morning. Still focused on the job hunt. 
Day 2 successful! 
Four days down. Feeling great so far!
One thing I still have to do is admit my problem to others. I told my wife I was going to quit for a while and she said that would probably help my stress and weight loss. I've hid my problem pretty well and she's never expressed concern. I've admitted to myself but am still afraid to go public for fear of failure. ..Something to work towards. 
Today is day 7. Successful so far! The cravings come but they pass quickly. I have been very busy and have mostly felt great!
Over one week down. Had a great day yesterday with friends who are sober. Great conversation about life and made plans to vacation together next year. Would not have had as much fun if I was drinking or wanted to drink. 
