-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kvjni/how_do_you_deal_with_family_giving_you_ultimatums/

TL;DR: I deserve the ultimatum but my fucked up paradox of a brain wants me to reach for the booze...I fucked up four days ago and drank. A lot. Long story short I ended up where I so often do when I drink excessively: self-harming and borderline suicidal. The police were involved. Mental health services were (and still are) involved. What a mess I made...Now I recently moved back in with family as I have ongoing issues with my mental health (patiently waiting in NHS queue to see a specialist psychiatrist for nearly a year now) and I was unable to sustain my independence. Fine. In fact great! I was relieved; it felt like a new start. A deus ex fucking machina into the tragic trainwreck of a story that was my life...And I was doing *so* well. I made my bed did my own washing and drank tea. I was going on lovely walks to see lovely fields and lovely sheep. I was waiting patiently for the mental health services I was under in my previous city to transfer me to a Care Coordinator nearer to my parents house. I slashed every tie blocked every enabling friend on my phone and welcomed my new quiet country life with open arms and sensible footwear...Fast forward to now and still no contact from the mental health services. I chase them up: "you've already been transferred to Bum-Fuck-Nowhere". I ring Bum-Fuck-Nowhere: "sorry no record of that - you need to go back to your GP and get a referral. Can take up to six weeks."..So by this point - about a week ago - I'm still waiting but think "no big deal I'm doing alright. I'm sober and healthy and things are looking up!" And I decide that yes I will go and visit my mate at the weekend. Two hours into the drive I've rationalised having 'one or two'. For old times sake...Now that night (nor the following) wasn't awful. I had fun in fact. I felt a little bit like me again. But oh god the guilt. The shame. And when I arrived back at my parents I just knew they knew y'know? But we are English and we do not talk about what we are feeling so they said nothing and I said nothing. We watched Westworld in stone-cold British-y silence...The next day: the same and I'm pretending everything's cool and normal and that they don't have a fuck-up alcoholic nutter for a daughter. My mum's doing a poor job of the same. My dad is fucking Vulcan in his stoicism. Inevitably he blows up. But he does it at her and I can hear every single horrible word through the bedroom floor. It got heated. I felt like a scared little girl again...So I grabbed my purse and went and bought a bottle of gin and two cans of cider. (Let's see little girls drink like this ha!) I drank one can on the drive back from the supermarket (ha!) the other in the park (ha! ha!) then I went up to my bedroom and pounded the gin until I forgot that any other person existed to get mad at me...Today my mum - a woman who so rarely loses her temper who loves her children fiercely who would probably kill a bitch that ever hurt me - told me straight up: "This is your last chance. I can't take it anymore. You do this again *I'm out.*"..It was like a cold splash of sulphuric acid on my face. It was like missing the bottom step and falling into an off-key howling abyss. Fuck man. ..Now I'm struggling *really* struggling with every single negative feeling the instinct to just grab a cold one or ten. The little devil on my shoulder is saying "well old chap she and the world clearly hate you so I say have at it."..So I welcome it all: advice random tangents jokes about produce (clean) distraction with magic. Anything. I've got to get through tonight. I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Firstly you write so well and I can tell you're smart. ..I'd say you can't think about the ultimatum because that's in the future when all you've got is today...Keep talking keep writing. Do what you need to do to get through the day...IWNDWYT..
This place taught me so many valuable lessons but probably the best one was 'play it forward'. What will happen if you listen to the devil on your shoulder and have all the drinks? It's not going to go away. You will still have to deal with the mess you have created and the more you drink the more shit you'll have to shovel. Stop whilst you still have people around you to support you. Their love and help will be instrumental in pulling through to the other side. ..And another thing I learnt was how much my drinking was contributing to my poor mental health. The link between depression and alcohol abuse is strong and well documented. You think you're self medicating but you're digging yourself a bigger hole for later...Chin up. Stay strong. Get yourself a badge it's amazing the amount of pleasure I get from watching that little number grow and change. Take it one day at a time. You can do it! IWNDWYT!
Holy crap. I agree with the above commenter. Smart as can be you are. I imagine your own mind is your own worst enemy sometimes. But my goodness.   ..Starters: I hope you find your sobriety because I see best sellers in your future. Stay in that idyllic space surrounded by sheep and comfortable shoes and write. That's the selfish me responding because holy shit you have a gift for words. ..I don't know what to say. Sounds like your mother is dropping the tough love your way because she wants to finally see you better. And I do hope you get the help you so much seem to want and seek. ..In the meantime we are here. I'll read and post and do whatever I can to help you stay sober from across the pond. ..Much love to you you talented soul. Much much love and peace and light. 
I'm a newbie to SD and to trying to be sober so I don't have much advice to offer: however you asked for produce jokes so......What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter? ..Pumpkin pi. :)...The mum in me (51F) knows your mum loves you and knows you'll get through this for yourself and for her.  Stay strong!
Do you want to stop drinking?  If yes is it for your Mom or is it for you?  ..Having an alcoholic as a family member is hell.  It's hell on everyone involved..
Very familiar story. In almost all facets. I used to live with my mom in between bouts with sobriety and usually fucked up by stealing a bottle of liquor out of her room. They kept it locked but being a sneaky alcoholic I was able to pick it on occasion (if my hands weren't too shaky) and sometimes I would just sneak up and snag a bottle when their backs were turned. I would be be found passed out on the couch and great shame would ensue. ..Penn and Teller: Fool Us is a pretty decent magic distraction. Actually watched that a lot on my latest and last detox...Good luck! 
You have to do this for you. Not anybody else. Focus on the reasons you have to do this for you. Go back to that tea-drinking sensible-footwear-wearing space. It's a good space. 
