-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8kxps6/hating_myself_right_now/

Relapsed after 80 days clean. Since moving back to school the urge to drink has come back when it wasn't there nearly as strong while I was home. I think it happened from a combination of being free and independent \(albeit lonely\) and the availability of alcohol out here where I'm living now. Bought a six pack of golden monkeys on my way home with the intention of getting wasted to "see how I liked it" to see if anything had changed since being sober 80 days. So stupid. I drank 4 before forcing myself to throw them up because I hated the taste and how it was making me feel. Threw the other two in the dumpster where they belong. At least I know now that I'm really not missing out on anything. It's just such a pity because I was becoming really proud of the days I was racking up. But hopefully now I can continue on to a new day one more determined than before. Thanks for reading and providing a place where I can vent to people who understand.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate but with drugs - 112 days clean and was very proud of myself. But we have to remind ourselves that relapse is normal. And you did GREAT only having 4 beers one time...This time around it will be even more meaningful Goodluck! You aren't alone.
Glad your right back here. Getting sober can be a process.  It seems that you learned a valuable lesson from this incident. Don't be too hard on yourself. What matters most is your desire to be sober. .IWNDWYT.
This in no way negates how far you've come. Way to make an important realization throw the rest out and come back. &lt;3
Hey but nice to yourself.  You did an experiment you logged the results.  Hopefully this is lesson learned end of story.  You have confirmed that drinking really is an empty promise.  And you're back at sobriety so that's great.
You came back right away though that's what counts.  A lapse usually isn't the end of the world but a relapse can be.  For me the time right after a lapse is risky because I get tempted to say  ah screw it  and let it turn into a full-blown relapse.  Don't let the fact that you hated it lower your guard addiction is one sneaky mofo.
I'm in the same boat I drank for the first time in 34 days and regret it as it did not benefit me at all. 
I wouldn't see this as a failure more like reinforcing the fact that you are no longer a drinker. It'll only make you stronger
