-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l582i/guilt_and_an_addictive_personality/

Drinking and drugs for me were just the most unhealthy manifestations of the larger issue of general addictive behavior...It seems like anything I really like I have a hard time staying away from. Right now it's video games and various internet diversions \(not porn thank goodness\). I don't think I'm as bad as a lot of people\-\-like with drinking I'm able to keep it to a "functional" level but that basically means I do the absolute minimum amount of work or chores to avoid having someone get mad at me. I don't ever make any progress. Projects sit undone professional goals stay unmet the house is a mess.  My wife tends to pick up the slack which I feel terrible about because she works her ass off \(she has the higher paying/more stressful job.\)..I experiment with cutting these behaviors out of my life since as a general rule it's easier to abstain from an addictive behavior than it is to moderate.  The thing is cutting out behaviors that I do compulsively means cutting out behaviors that I enjoy. If I *really* like something chances are I'm going to develop an unhealthy relationship with it. ..It feels like the logical conclusion of cutting out these behaviors is that I'll be a self\-actualized person who never has any fun.  Anybody else struggle with this kind of thing?
----------immediate responses--------

I have found some help in individual counseling.
This is something I've been thinking about a lot recently as well. It's become clear to me that the ability to "mentally check out" with drinking is also available from a number of other drugs of various legality and that I just can't have that ability or go down that road. After I quit drinking I picked up quite the sweet tooth which I'm working to wrangle under control which makes me wonder if I'll have to abstain from really sweet things at some point. The craving to have a cookie feels exactly like the craving to drink though I don't get to check out mentally when I have a cookie except for the maybe 30 seconds I'm eating it. Hell I can't even moderate with diet coke. After I quit drinking I notice I get into compulsion loops with other things scarily fast like my brain is trying to compensate for the lack of alcohol compulsion. Though luckily quitting those things has been easier with a sober mind. It makes sense how this happens to me: I like a thing. I should get more of/do more of that thing. But there's gotta be some other underlying factor leading to this being compulsive. Maybe my problem is that I don't realize when the thing stops being fun? A diet coke is nice to have sometimes. It gives me energy makes me feel jazzed/good for an hour or so and can help when I'm sleepy. But drinking it every day takes away the nice part and now I'm just filling some arbitrary diet coke quota. Without the diet coke I can't function. This is no way to live...I think a lot of it is some drive I have to self-sabotage. I have been in this pattern for so many years of having some random craving and just giving into it immediately and saying "fuck it". And Alcohol filled that niche for most of the time but I have to learn and be comfortable with not indulging that aspect of myself. And I figure that's going to take time. At some point in theory both "fuck it" and "nah I'm good" should be equally comfortable and seem like the natural choice at some point instead of being this internal struggle...My current strategy is to work on being more comfortable with everyday life so I'm not going towards compulsive things to feel good. There's this kind of feeling that seems to build up and when it does I am more likely to turn to a compulsive behaviour to stop the feeling. Maybe it's stress? Anxiety? I dunno how to describe it. It's not super obvious to me when I'm experiencing it it's more in the background? So I've been doing more exercise trying to be more social taking time to be mindful and grateful trying to enjoy the smaller parts of life and taking the time to just *slow down* and enjoy watching a bird or whatever. My hope is that this will diminish that weird feeling I get that seems to lead to compulsion...I've also been reading Russel Brand's book *Recovery* which touches on this a bit. It's mostly about his re-interpretation of the 12 steps. But it's an easy read because of the humor and I've found some insight about this topic there. ..Curious as to what other people have been employing and figuring out about this.
I too definitely have an addictive personality. Years ago it used to be the gym these days it compulsively watching the same thing on YouTube or Netflix. I often wonder if I am wired with just a great disinterest is most  normal' life requirements so when I finally find something I like doing or if it actually slightly interests me I do it over and over again. I too give up easily and drink even when you're know it's bad for me it's like I'm always on a self-destruct. I'm also stubborn and if I don't want to do something I won't which led to a pretty lax work ethic and quite honestly just general laziness. I hope that it is drinking so much over the years that has exacerbated these personality traits (and also the severe anxiety I experience daily) not the other way round and that as I move along my sober journey I might start to re-engage with life again. It's been so long since I've had a period of being sober it's hard to imagine all I can do is stay strong wait and hope for the best. IWNDWYT 
