-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l5cnj/a_year_a_whole_365_days_and_nights_heres_what_ive/

I really can't believe it's been so short a time. It feels like ages since I let alcohol control me. This is just a stream-of-consciousness set of thoughts; they may or may not be coherent...1: more people than you'd think have struggled with addiction. I've been really open with my experiences and I've found support in places I'd never expect. My grocers for example and several of the people at my new job have become friends just because we can relate to the struggle...2: feeling is good. Once you get over the hump you'll start to feel like a whole person in ways you never could when you were drinking. Being clear-eyed about your thoughts and feelings and hopes and failures is a joyful experience and I was numbing myself to them. Now I am alive I'm vibrant...3: it gets better. Holy donkers does it get better. Getting sober means changing your habits and changing your habits means *literally rewiring your brain.* It takes work and it takes conscious cognition and it takes being able to say "no" to yourself and the work is worth doing. ..4: food. Seriously food. Did you know that alcohol messes with your mucus membranes which help control taste? IT'S TRUE. Your food literally tastes better sober. This isn't an encouragement to overeat just a wonderful thing that happens when you're not poisoning yourself. ..5: you have people who love you. This is something I had to relearn over and over - when I asked for help people fell over themselves to provide it. Asking the first person for help is scary because you have to admit that you've been making poor choices and that you can't control those choices. Once you do it - once you get over that fear - you'll have someone to lean on. Then someone else and then someone else. They love you; let them...6: all that money you're not spending? Just save it. Buy yourself a pony or something.  ..Thanks for being here /r/stopdrinking. I mostly lurk when I feel my tide ebb and you're always such an uplifting group of folks that I don't know what to say besides thanks...IWNDWYT &lt;3 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations   
Wow that is great.  I've already started to experience some of the same things and can't wait to learn more about what being sober means.  Majors congratulations to you! IWNDWYT 
Awesome share!
Congratulations on a year! And thank you for sharing! 
Amazing! Congratulations!
Happy 1 year twin! Glad to share the day with you and thanks for the post!.IWNDWYT
Congrats on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Counting that money is a major motivation for me. Great to see super successful people like you posting here. Thanks! 
A good summary!  Thanks for sharing...IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Being open. This is quite the concept. ..I feel it's been super easy to talk about my fertility struggle my upbringing my #metoo event getting fired and even my fetishes ... but to openly admit my alcohol addiction to people I care about other than my husband or siblings sounds INSANE. ..Like I said I'm very open. But talking about my powerless over alcohol is so... revealing. So vulnerable. ..It feels like a challenge. I won't say it'll happen any time soon but I'm definitely going to contemplate that for a while. It sounds. So. Liberating. Also possibly dangerous and could probably threaten my career. But maybe not.  I'm committed to facing this challenge this year. 
What an excellent post and congratulations on your first year!  I started to really grow both emotionally and spiritually in my second year because the non-drinking part was second nature...Many Blessings to you and keep up the great work!
Isn't it crazy.?? I could have paid off my mortgage already.  Now Im fiending to do that instead of pissing it away lol   
Congratulations! Almost 5 months in for me and the food thing!!! Craziest thing was I could not eat spicy food when I was drinking. Would make me cough and choke and I would get spicy poops. Today I put down about a dozen honey Siracha wings no problem.  Fricking nutso man
Grats!
Congratulations! Ponies for everyone!
Love it! Inspiring...thank you    ..IWNDWYT 
Big Congratulations on your 365 Days of Sobriety!  Very well done. I enjoyed reading your post.  .IWNDWYT.
Great Job! IWDWYT
I'm leasing a nice car with the money I used each month drinking.   It feels great.  Thanks for the great post and congratulations   
impressive
This was amazing to read. Thanks for sharing and hell yeah for your sobriety!
So cool. Thanks for posting!!!
Awesome Job! I agree with a lot of these thoughts ! 
Congrats to you from another year twin! It's amazing how quickly the time went yet how different (and wonderful) I feel now. Thanks for your post and IWNDWYT!
Very well said and Contrats on your first year!
Congrats! Coming up to my 1 year shortly also.. A big milestone!
Congratulations -it's stories like this that have helped me be sober for 30 days for the first time in a decade - thanks for your story..IWNDWYT
I need to stop as well. I drink a third to a half a handle a day plus a few beers maybe 6.  And I've done this for around 3 years. I work in f&amp;b and its just kind of the norm for everyone around me to have drinks after work. ..I'm great at my job I'm never late I always try to be pleasant no matter how bad I feel and everybody really loves me because I've been a chef at the same location for a very long time. I just wonder when the quicksand turns into a spiral..In my twenties I drank a lot but it was just a hobby and now it's the game I play full time. .
Congrats! 365 days is huge!  I loved reading this post 
 Holy donkers     . I gotta use that. 
Yup. Well said. Way to go on 365. 
Thank you for sharing it seems like you are surrounded by a great bunch of people that probably means that you're a great person too! 
Congrats and thank you for posting.
Thanks for sharing!
great post fellow struggler no more .. nearly 200 days for me and the world is starting to come alive ! i was a bad binge drinker and the worst thing was i was coping with it for a long time.. but there is a big difference between thriving and surviving as i  now am finding out .. happy days 
Well done! 
Woo hoo! Way to get that 1st year. You sound like you have learned a lot. Great job.
I don't want a pony mummy! I want a blue whale!!
This is awesome! I really appreciate point number 2.  I've realised since being sober I'm feeling a lot more. Whether it's good or bad I can face the feeling embrace it and it is wonderful to be clear headed and present...Thank you for your post. IWNDWYT.
Thank you 
Congratulations to you! Hope the next year brings you even more great insight and finding out more beautiful things about yourself and your journey.
Great post .. love reading these .. .Congrats on 1 year sober. IWNDWYT 
&gt;Holy donkers..heh.  congratulations and thank you for sharing.
Sobriety ponies for everyone!.
Congratulations. Couldn't agree more
This is a great post - thanks for sharing and congratulations!
I can't wait to buy my "1 Year Pony" :D..Congratulations I couldn't agree more with all of your points especially 4! 
Well done!! 
A wonderful achievement I wish you all the best for the many sober years to come. I am sat here on day-7 looking forward to reaching where you're at.
Congratulations on your year!! I'm so glad to hear it gets better... and better :-) Thank you for the encouragement to those of us still trying to find our way.
Congrats! 
Well done!
Great post. Still getting through that rewiring part
Sweet!  Lol I can has a pony?
Hi - new to this today and very much hoping that I can be as successful as you - thanks for the positives to encourage me and spur me on a bit :-).
 
Beautiful work.
Big congrats to you. I can't wait to get there.   
[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Fantastic!! Congrats on 365 love this post!
Thanks for sharing this. 
I'm most excited about buying a motorcycle in the future. Beer money is better used elsewhere especially considering the 10-30 dollars a day I'd spend on it.
thats awesome man on my way to my first Pony-ownage.  Keep on kepin on fellow human! much love and sending good vibes from the great state of Kentucky.
