-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l9l7f/im_never_drinking_again/

I can't tell you how many times I said that after particularly bad bender\-driven hangovers... only to drink once again...Last night I was confronted in my front yard at 10 pm by my neighbor who obviously a couple beers deep from "golf league" wanted to get to the bottom of my kid calling his kid stupid. I'm still pretty chapped about it because... holy crap if I confronted every parent of every kid who said something mean to my children..... anyway my wife and I had a pretty good laugh after I got over the initial shock of the situation... and this morning I had some time to reflect...1. Had I not been sober who even knows how that situation would have devolved. At a 10 p.m. I would've been at least 3\-4 drinks deep \(had I not started earlier in the evening than usual\).2. I'm sure he felt like a big hero to his kid by confronting the dad of the 5 year old who wronged his 8 year old second grader... but in the end it doesn't do much to promote resilient children..3. In his shoes a couple drinks deep I probably might have reacted the same way... oh sure he wasn't there \(neither was I\) and sure we don't have any context... but eh f it lets go have a confrontation in the front yard like some freaking trailer trash...And after that I thought to myself "I AM NEVER DRINKING AGAIN" and this time it was "thank GOD I was sober so I could take all of that nonsense in stride. I will never drink again." \(of course every day is a struggle and every moment is an opportunity to fail so I will continue working minute by minute hour by hour day by day to maintain my sobriety.\)
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you bud. Seeing people acting drunk keeps me away from alcohol. IWNDWYT 
His kid was probably embarrassed I would be! It's amazing how much easier it is to resolve situations when you aren't wasted right?  
Reminds me of the first grade nuclear bomb retort: "My dad can beat up your dad!"
