-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8l9nsg/no_booze_in_the_house_rule_worked_great_for/

Last week I posted that I was anxious about my active alcoholic friend coming into town for a visit with his wife. Since we quit drinking my wife and I have always had a strict "No alcohol in the house" rule. We don't even keep cooking wine in the house...not because we would be tempted to drink it but because having *any alcohol in the house* takes up space in our heads. Just having a bottle of cooking sherry would consume mental energy. Although we *know* we wouldn't actually drink cooking wine the "what if I took a swing" thought would still pop into our heads. Making our home permanently alcohol-free gives a place to live in freedom and with clarity.    .Anyway as soon as they got into town I laid down the law plain and simple. I was open and honest with them about our policy. He and his wife (who isn't an alcoholic but does drink) were very respectful and understanding. He definitely managed to get drunk when we went out for lunch and dinner but it felt good to be up-front about how we felt.    .I would highly recommend to anyone out there who is struggling in early sobriety to try to be as open as possible with your close friends (whether they are active alcoholics or not) about what you must do in order to maintain your sobriety. You'd be surprised how helpful this is to reinforce your support system. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

That is my rule and which is why my mother hasn't come to visit..Good for you sticking by it if they didn't like that they could have stayed in a hotel!.IWNDWYT!
Was wondering how you got on - glad it went well and good rule!
"...managed to get drunk..." I could definitely squeeze in some drinking especially when I was hard\-pressed ha.  You are setting such a solid example for your friend he is lucky to have you both in his corner should he decide to make a change.
Oof I am wanting to institute that rule in our home but my partner is not a problem drinker and I feel bad punishing her for my problems. It's true though about it weighing on you. 
"Anyway as soon as they got into town I laid down the law plain and simple."..I'm not sure of the exact timing but shouldn't this have been discussed when you first invited them?
That was very smart of you. Early in my sobriety my sponsor and other old timers told me to stay away from alcohol. So none in the home and i avoided bars. I would go to restaurants that served but only to eat and for a specific function. It made it easier to stay sober. There is no point tempting yourself.  Wise choice my friend. 
