-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ld100/answers_to_what_positive_changes_did_you_notice/

On my 4-year post someone asked what positive changes I noticed after being sober for 4 years. That question is not something that can just be answered in a comment. 4 years is a long time and lots of ups and downs. If this following flood of text is too much for you you're welcome to read my post history I have been quite raw and open about the struggles I've been through...When I first came to this  SD group at 5 days dry I was married had a house a fenced-in backyard two dogs and a stable job. I also was an I also was an absolute wreck. I was a suicidal out of control miserable addict and alcoholic. I was not accountable to anyone I could not be trusted I was a very poor spouse and I would lie cheat and steal in order to feed my habits...I quit drinking using this subreddit therapy with a counselor who specializes in and 12-step program meetings and getting active with the recovery community. I have a sponsor and I sponsor other people but that wasn't the case early on. At five months sober my ex-husband was diagnosed with aggressive cancer. This subreddit showed me all the support in the world. Not only did we battle that first cancer but he was also diagnosed with prostate cancer a year later...Being sober and working an active program of recovery gave me the ability to be clear-headed present responsible and able to be a caregiver. The recovery Community gave me so much support both online and in-person otherwise I'm not sure I would have survived. People that I thought would always have supported me disappeared especially when I was no longer going to bars and doing activities that involved booze or drugs...People who had only known me 5 months through 12 step meetings or through online chats showed up and went above and beyond to support both my ex-husband and I. It was amazing. At the same time I was struggling to be a caregiver and work a full-time job and balance other responsibilities I was still able to be accountable and be active in service to others. That was the first time I've ever been responsible in my adult life...After battling two kinds of cancer my ex-husband who is still a good friend decided he wanted to go back to his own drinking and partying ways. He chose alcohol I chose sobriety. It's not as simple as that but that's what it came down to in the very end. We went through a divorce that broke my heart because I was choosing to leave someone I loved because I needed to stay sober first. Anything I put before my recovery I will lose...I moved out and lived on my own as an adult for the first time. I explored being able to be social as a single person in recovery. I eventually tried and online dating website and met a wonderful man who had quit drinking one week before we met. That wonderful man has become my second husband he has been nothing but supportive of my recovery and often encourages me to be of service and to go to meetings...My health has improved in these for years. My skin has life to it my eyes are no longer bloodshot my blood count levels are so much more normal than they ever were before my liver is recovering after years of abuse. My mental health has improved. When I stopped putting a depressant liquid substance into my body my antidepressants were finally able to start working. Even when things got darkest I was able to breathe. My new husband does suicide intervention and prevention for the military what a strange way my higher power has worked things out for me...Through 4 years of working a 12-step program admitting my faults and becoming responsible for the things I have done making amends and trying to clean away the wreckage of my past I have repaired friendships and relationships I never thought I would see again. I have cleaned out old debts and I have rebuilt my self-esteem and my image of self-worth...I am closer to my family than I have ever been before. I stopped hiding my addiction and my faults and my behaviors from them got honest and got real and I am so grateful for the blessings that have come to me in return...At this point in my sobriety I am active with multiple service positions in local recovery communities. I am on the committee of a women's retreat I participate in taking 12 step meetings in to a local prison I host a big book study for women I have been a speaker at meetings and I chair meetings at my home group and at other locations on a regular basis. Yes that is a lot of things. But one hour here or there compared to multiple hours every night being checked out or blacked out? It absolutely weighs in my favor...If you have actually read this far here are my final thoughts. It is worth it. It will get worse before it gets better it will get better then it will get worse and if you stick with it you may end up with a life beyond your wildest dreams. The road along sobriety and Recovery is not a smooth and easy road. If it were easy none of us would call ourselves alcoholics we wouldn't have a problem in the first place. But the road has many benefits if you stick with it...Stay sober my friends. I will not drink with you today...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

You fucking rock
This is a lovely read thank you very much for sharing your story! :-)
what a beautiful story. thank you so much for posting and congratulations on your four year soberversary. ..IWNDWYT!
Thank you so much for this. Huge congrats to you in every way! 
Great post thanks for sharing 
Hats off to you Mouse - well done on 4 years that's quite an achievement - heres hoping I can follow in your foot steps (just day 1 for me so a LONG way to go though) :-)
Thank you for sharing this. It makes me realize what's possible! Congrats on 4 years. 
You are my inspiration.  IWNDWYT.
Thank you so much for sharing this story. I have so far to go and I know the road will be rough but hearing an experience like yours makes me want to hold on and try my hardest. IWNDWYT
What u/Thornkale said !   
go nonny go
Thank you for sharing this and congratulations on 4 years of sobriety! You're an inspiration. ..I will not drink with you today
Hey! I also just joined the 4 years club! woo! Keep it up.
This just made me so happy. I remember reading about some of this as time went on and I'm glad to see things settled the right way up for you x
[removed]
So inspirational! IWNDWYT 
I love this so much. Thank you for taking the time to write it and inspiring so many of us.  
 thank you for sharing.  And congratulations on your 4 years of Freedom!!!      
This post is exactly the reason I check the posts on this sub when I'm having second thoughts about this whole sobriety thing...questioning if it's worth it if it's really "that" big of a deal. The last week or so I've thought about drinking every day. I'll be glad when it gets a little easier. Drinking didn't cost me anything I couldn't afford to lose (yet) but it's hard to wrap my mind around what I could gain if I can manage to stay sober. Thank you for this. IWNDWYT. 
Thanks for taking your time to write this. I've had many love relationships come together and fall apart because of alcohol. I still haven't found the one. I assume it's all part of God's plan. ..4 years is a long time. Your story is very uplifting. Thanks again for sharing and wish you all the happiness in life.
Bless you Mouse for being such a beautiful badass in so many ways. Your story is such an amazing example of how what was worst in us can be the catalyst for bringing out the best in us - and I hope that's how it proves to be for me too...Also very glad to read your ex-husband survived his cancers - what an awesome human you are to have walked that journey with him and then had the grace to make your own wellbeing a priority once he was out of the woods and able to stand on his own feet again...
Thanks for sharing!! Is your husband a social worker or medical professional? I plan on going into military suicide prevention as well. 
I don't know why I'm teary eyed but that was a beautiful post Mouse.  Congrats on four years.  I'm hoping the next four are just as prosperous.  Many Blessings to you!
Hi Nonny..Wow I remember you posting all of those life events like it was yesterday. .Has it really been 4 years?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This was needed today. Not only by me. But also by countless others who didn't post. 
Thanks for sharing...Can you please comment more on:..&gt;It will get worse before it gets better it will get better then it will get worse and if you stick with it you may end up with a life beyond your wildest dreams...How was that for you?..thanks
Thanks for the share mouse this is great stuff! I like when people have long shares really something to sink my teeth into mentally. 
You are an inspiration to all of us just beginning our journey \(or restarting it\). Thank you so much for this post and hope to continue seeing you!..IWNDWYT.
Great post! God bless you Mouse I can only dream about where you are in recovery and it's wonderful that you took the time to do this.
Thank you for this post.
What an inspiration. Thank you. 
Respect.
This is inspiring thank you. I'm on my very first day of not drinking. 
Thanks for sharing. Wow. I'm stayin' sober! IWNDWYT.
Thank you Mouse very inspiring. I wish you the very best in life :)
WOW.  I have no words!  Thank you and of course all the best!  I greatly appreciate your honesty.  I will not drink with you today!
Your awesome!! I hope you have an amazing day!! Thanks for the words of encouragement peace and   sister!!! .
Beautiful.  Simple as that - beautiful...Thank you.  
"If you have actually read this far here are my final thoughts. It is worth it. It will get worse before it gets better it will get better then it will get worse and if you stick with it you may end up with a life beyond your wildest dreams."..So true.
Thanks for sharing your story!  There are many bumps on the road but they are worth it.
Thank you for this.  I'm just took two years and what a wild ride it's been already! So many ups and downs. I needed this. I'm feeling the stress of very tight finances at the moment and it seems as if I'll never get out from underneath it. I've been wondering if my old solution would be a viable option just to check out from it for a few very short hours.  But I'd be giving up so many other wonderful things that I've been blessed with since putting down the bottle. I need to keep my eyes on the prize! In spite of my current circumstance I'm already living a life beyond  anything I dreamed possible during my active drinking. Thank you again for letting me know that it's worth it to keep going. Iwndwyt!!
