-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lfu77/relapsed_after_three_months_sober_ive_had_ten/

Managed 94 days sober to start the year.  I've been binge drinking for about 18 years now.   One sip and I won't stop until the booze runs out.  ..This past weekend I found myself drunk in the streets for about 36 hours non stop.  Was up all night the first night at the bars and hit the liquor store first thing in the morning.  I was supposed to go to a movie with sober friends that afternoon.  I bailed.  Didn't even call.  Kept on drinking.  Finally the bars caught on and stopped serving me.  I remember some of what happened but it's mostly a blank.  I do know I approached countless strangers and attempted to start  conversations' with them.  All I was capable of was spewing chaotic thoughts and rambling.  I'm sure I must have come across as an insane person.  I recall many annoyed and angry faces.  ..I'm horrified by my behaviour.  My impulse control is gone.  I know I can't drink but that didn't stop me.  I've relapsed before and they're always bad.  Each time worse than the last...I'm three days sober now.  I've done some reflecting.  The shame is overbearing.  I'm afraid to show my face in public.  My body is in pain.  My thoughts are erratic.  I'm terrified what happens if I relapse again.  If these just keep getting worse I can't imagine how much further down I can go.  ..I've got work the next few days.  I will do that.  All I want to do is get to the weekend and stay inside.  I need to learn how to go home and stay home.  ..At the very least I've got the last few days and I will not drink today.  That said I can't help but fear that I will destroy myself.  ..I've created a space at home to stay in comfortably with books and tv and video games.  I just can't calm down and relax.  I always feel like I'm missing something.  I can't turn my brain off.  I've tried treatment meetings exercise.  I don't know what else to do.  
----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here. What can you say; it takes what it takes. I'll tell you that it took every last drink I took for me to get to the point of quitting. Ultimately whatever happened to get you here isn't as important as the fact that you're here now and that you've chosen this path having seen both sides. Congratulations on that.
I'm glad you are here. Keep coming back. You are worth it.
Glad you're back and don't beat yourself up too much. 
