-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lg92j/how_can_i_support_my_brother_in_his_sobriety/

Hi Guys..I've been to AA AL-ANON as well as the AL-ANON subreddit. I did not care for AL-ANON because it felt like they had given up and were teaching us how to lose the guilt while watching our family members struggle. I want to take action!..This is the situation:..My younger brother's drinking is out of control. He's in his late 20s. He lives with my dad. Our mom died a few years ago and he took it hard we all did but he coped with alcohol...He was functioning for a long time but it's gotten scary lately. He's lost his girlfriend health and now job. I don't want to offer too many details or trigger anyone so I'll leave it at that and I'm happy to answer questions...He's going to a treatment program at the end of this month for 6 weeks. He's terrified but he doesn't want to be kicked out of my dads house my dad can't live like this anymore. He can't move in with me because my toddler cannot be exposed to this lifestyle...I want to know how I can support him? ..I've been putting together a care package and I made sure to look at what's forbidden at the centre. I bought comfortable lounge wear a nice blank journal some pens with great ink flow a Calvin and Hobbes book (I'm hoping this doesn't get confiscated). I'm writing a note telling him that I'm proud of how brave he's being I'm sure that detoxing and intensive counseling won't be easy. I'll go to any family day or group counseling if I'm invited. I'd love to pack snacks but I'm sure they'll get tossed...We have a good relationship and talk every 3/4 days but mostly about light-hearted stuff like memes Tv shows his neice etc. I don't lecture or judge because he gets enough of that. He is my dad/brothers punching bag (not literally but they pick on him verbally). His friends are total party animals and he won't be able to lean on them...What can I do? What would be meaningful to you if you were going to treatment? Should I be honest with him about how much he's scaring us and how hard it is to watch? Should I remain light-hearted?..I feel so helpless. It's like watching my mom have cancer and die all over again but he can stop it...If you got this far thank you. I hope this wasn't too rambly. ..TL:DR..Little bro is hitting rock bottom going to treatment soon. How can I be emotionally supportive?
----------immediate responses--------

Well I went to the hospital when I quit due to my withdrawals and I appreciated my brother visiting. I don't know how close the place will be to where you live but that will be the best emotional support during that time. 6 weeks is a long time and the beginning is what I call "the suck" he will be out of most of the suck when he gets out. My doctor says it takes 6 months to truly have your brain rewired to be completely over all the differences in your brain chemistry... So minor differences will still be there from how you feel and how he feels when he gets out but know he will feel better than when he did when he was drunk. Remind him of that ask him about his energy level and stuff... So understanding is your best way to emotionally support and when he gets out he will either a) be like most people here and have to stay away from alcohol for the rest of his life and disconnect from those friends you described or b) be like me. I'm so fucking happy being sober that seeing alcohol doesn't cause me cravings... I have triggers and I'm still learning them... but being around alcohol isn't one so didn't have to stop playing pool with my best friend at the bar. ..If he is type a) which he most likely is most people are and most people get triggered being in a bar or being in those situations... he will get bored alot. And he will be without friends. You have a kid and can't give him all your time but the best thing you can do when he gets out is give him more of your time. My brother has a kid and we talk more now than we ever did before sure it's mostly phone calls he has a freaking kid he can't hang out all the time. But anyway your time is the best emotional support. ..During his time in the treatment center visitations any games that you are allowed to give him like cards or board games (idk what type of center it was but my hospital was a boring jail cell) and anything to get him through the day. My brother came everyday I was in there. He is pretty good dude. ..Hope this helps. 
.You are doing all the right things. Honesty is the best policy. You have to be real wouth him asst the sane time support him and show him your unconditional love.  Which sounds like you are doing. Kuddos to you
Your brother is so very lucky to have you being so supportive of his recovery. I know for me what was so important in the first bit was having something to look forward to the next few hours the next day the next week something that gave me a sense of time and hope. When I felt down and awful I could use that sense of time to orient myself and say "remember that really bad day I had last week? It passed and things were better for a while". If I had somebody like you looking after me and knew I had a note or piece of mail or something coming from you every day I would have really appreciated that. Wouldn't have to be like a long letter just a sentence or two saying "Hope you're doing better I believe in you" whatever. Hell you could get different people to write them too other family members people who completed the program whatever assuming you wouldn't be breaching his confidentiality. Memes would be cool too. Just anything to distract and look forward to...I hope your brother works his recovery program and finds sobriety is the right path &lt;3. ..
