-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lghi6/my_husband_the_non_alcoholic/

My husband was one of my biggest drinking buddies throughout the years although I always drank way more often and in much greater quantity than he did. It was never a problem for him and while he was drunk plenty of times it was never like it was for me. When I said I wanted to quit he was incredibly supportive and has helped me through many situations by being sober with me so I wouldn't feel alone. He listened to me talk for weeks after quitting about being scared anxious and depressed and feeling like I was a miserable worthless person. He was my rock and has done and continues to do everything he can to support me through this. He told me this week he is also done drinking for good mainly because he started on some meds he doesn't want to mix with booze but also to support me. This is a wonderful gift he is giving me and 90% of me feels loved and supported. But there is part of me that is just irritated that it's so easy for him. Like"I'm just going to quit drinking to be a nice person no big deal". I know it is irrational but it feels almost like he's flaunting how easy it is (he is not doing anything to make me feel that way it's just in my head). My life was turned upside down when I decided to quit it has shaken out well now that the dust has settled but it was (and still is) an intense challenge and something i struggled to do for a really long time. He is wonderful and loving and supportive and I'm over here being grumpy because he isn't an addict and that is a ridiculous way to feel. I just needed to vent these feeling so the wouldn't just grow in the darkness.
----------immediate responses--------

Experiencing "the suck" can make me feel that way when someone else decides to it for weight loss. Not the same situation I know. Just telling you that it isn't a weird sensation. As a guy it wouldn't be terrible to tell him that either. I don't see that going poorly if you want to get it off your chest for real. 
Omg I feel the exact same way. I'm still irritated AF with life in general. 
That will teach you for marrying someone so nice.
