-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lih9w/aa_for_young_people_it_exists/

I have been going to AA meetings for a few weeks now and I've been enjoying learning from others. Something about the fit just didn't seem right and I thought I would try one of the meetings for young people. I'm in my late 20's so I didn't know if I qualified or if I would feel out of place but I'm very glad I went. I'm the only person in my age range that I know who has struggled with alcohol and decided to beat it and I felt very *not alone* today at that meeting like I could connect with the people and the stories better. ..If anybody reading this is in a similar situation just know these meetings exist and might be worth giving a shot!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you.    IWNDWYT 
Good stuff! I was the same age when I quit and meeting other young(ish) people was very important for me. 
That's awesome to hear!
good for you  \- i didn't get sober until I was 39   \- wasted a lot of my life... not that it hasn't turned out great  but still... coulda been a contender....
I like your username....indeed I feel like a bag of habits sometimes. Congrats for finding a simpatico group and tackling this at a younger age.
I feel kind of out of place in AA even though I'm older than you at 34.  The median age is probably mid-50s and while I do appreciate the support and hearing people's stories I just don't have all that much in common in terms of where I'm at in my life with someone 20+ years older than me...Been debating checking out a young peoples meeting nearby but I wasn't sure if 34 was already too old.  Maybe I'll give it a shot.  Can't hurt.
My therapist suggested this to me - I really don't know how to feel about this. Do you have links or other info? 
I'm in the same boat.  I'm 38 and most of the people in my AA group are older then me.  (Nobody is younger).We have NA meetings at our club and most of them are closer to my age.  Man meth and heroin are a real fucking problem these days. .I go to both meetings and take in what I can..Thank you for the post! 
I'm really lucky to live in a very large AA community. There are people of all ages in my community I would guess are largest demographics are people in their 20s and 30s. Still there are tons of members that are much older and even younger. I was 18 when I came into the program and I've met a couple others who came in that young as well.
I'm in the Bay Area and am so grateful cuz the YPAA (young persons AA) meetings are plentiful and they have tons of events going on every weekend. In fact I just heard a share from the events coordinator just last night who said there are 6 camping trips this summer and a 3day one in August for $25!!!!! LIKE WHAT!? totally going to that I'm so excited! Thank God for AA i know a lot of people have issues with it but I really hope they don't spread bad words about it. The organization saves lives it did mine. The fact that it's just there makes me tear up. ..Thanks for posting this ..IWNDWYT.Oh ps we got a generation of millennial alcoholic techies on the rise over in SF promise we're alone (I'm 28!)
I am 59 and still occasionally go to YPAA. ..A young person is someone who still has growing to do.
First time I went to AA I was 19
