-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ljoh4/struggling_to_choose_life/

When I got sober a little over two years ago I had no idea the struggle was just beginning. However my life now is exponentially better than it's ever been so I feel conflicted.  I know alcohol in the short term will make life momentarily tolerable by allowing me to escape the mental anguish of my current situation (financial difficulty and family conflict) but by choosing that path I'm definitely choosing misery and death. It feels really weird to desire life and growth at the same time feeling that misery and death is a viable option.  Why is the decision to choose life so difficult at times?
----------immediate responses--------

Brene Brown discusses the fear of joy.  She argues when we open ourselves up to joy we make ourselves vulnerable.  It feels safe to cling to the old patterns of unhappiness paradoxically.  I know I feel this often.  I'm working on making myself open to joy.  See here:..http://www.oprah.com/omagazine/catastrophizing-how-to-feel-joy-without-fear
If the human condition were one of innate pleasure and ease I'm sure we'd call it something else.  Life is hard and weird and terrifying.  It's full of pain and loss and struggle.  But it's worth it.  For those little moments of obscure beauty that you almost wouldn't notice if you weren't paying attention.  For the laughter that rises in your guts and catches you be surprise.  For the comfort of a warm meal on a  cold day and the smile of a close friend. ..It's rarely easy or comfortable regardless of what we tell ourselves as we leaf through lifestyle magazines and fill out heads with 'if only' s and 'what if' s.  But it's all we've got and it's important to find balance in your focus.  There is more going on than there is going wrong.  Zoom out. 
A happy fulfilling life takes hard work.  Life is always going to be filled with things we don't want to do but more than half of the battle is in our heads.  To succeed at things we have to struggle.  Struggle and discomfort is good for us and I know that sounds weird but its true.  When we accomplish things that are hard we get positive effects.  A good life for a lot of us involves discipline.  Start small do something daily routines help build the habits.  Eventually you can start adding more and more positive things to your life.
