-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ln0yw/how_anonymous_is_aa/

I'm thinking about going but I don't want anyone in my professional sphere knowing I'm struggling with alcohol (except those I tell personally). What if I meet someone I know or someone that can identify me? I live in a semi-small city and this freaks me out...I just want to go to meet other alcoholics the program in itself isn't something for me from what I've read about the Big book and the religious / spirituality parts. I also don't believe I have a disease but an addiction / obsession which for me is different than having a disease. Should I not go?..I know that you can only speculate but I don't know where to ask otherwise. ..So many insightful people in SD so I just wanted to ask you all. Sorry if this is a bit rambling. Feeling anxious and emotional. 
----------immediate responses--------

In my experience AA members are quite good about protecting anonymity of meeting goers as are SMART Recovery participants. However a number of people I know use SMART Recovery online meetings (available on the SMART website and on the In The Rooms website) instead of face to face meetings partly out of concern for anonymity. Online meetings (and SR of course) are nearly risk-free in that regard.
If you meet someone you know then they're for the same reason as you so there's nothing to be ashamed of. I would recommend going even if it's just for some more support. You can always try it and see what you think.
How far is it to go to the next city over?
Everyone has the same fears as you I've never had an issue in 9 yrs.... Its just in your head like most fears.... I can totally relate 
I'm not gonna lie...there can always be a risk. Alcoholism doesn't discriminate and people of all walks of life and at varying degrees/stages of sobriety are found with the walls of AA. I went because I *desparately needed to* and I was willing to do whatever it took to surround myself with the tools/support for recovery. ..Perhaps you can travel to a group that is in another town? As far as my experience goes we were all there for a very important reason and we respected the AA anonymity. Just like here...we are all *family* that understands the struggle. ..Technology today allows for online support so perhaps meetings or other recovery programs would suit your needs...Congrats on 31 days that's *huge* in my book!..  within        I will not drink with y'all today.. within        I will not drink with y'all today
You might be surprised who you meet at AA. When I went to my first meeting--there was my dentist! People at AA meetings are there because of some problem with alcohol and a desire to stop drinking.  I have met counselors lawyers doctors other teachers my students and have never had a problem with anonymity. 
Everyone there is there for the same reason.  They want their privacy as well...I've been to more than a thousand meetings and never had my identity compromised and I have sensitive high profile profession.
All of the above answers are great. The only thing I would add is: what's more important? The chance of Being sober or the chance of being found out?
I have the same thought. Small town for me. I'm not worried about the other AA members at the meeting it's the person who opens and closes the church for the meetings that I'm worried about finding out. 
