-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lntxj/youre_awesome/

Listen here I don't care if you have one day or one thousand we're all the same. We all had a problem with drinking and came here (among other places) to get help. I'm no better than you and you're no better than me but you know what we both are? Awesome. We're fucking awesome. If you didn't drink today you're awesome. It doesn't matter if you drank yesterday or haven't for years you're still awesome.. .It's hard being us because no one truly understands the struggle we go through on a daily basis. No one is sitting next to you waiting to pat you on the back saying congrats on not drinking! Well that changes today because I am. I'm proud of each and every one of you for not drinking today. In case I haven't said it enough you're awesome.. .One thing I learned since getting sober is I really enjoy making people happy smile laugh and feel cared about. If I manged to make a single one of you feel one of those things then my post was a success. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

You're awesome too.  
And you have an Awesome Palindrome!
This post is awesome. I needed to hear it. It's so true that it is hard to find others that really seem to fathom the accomplishment of 24 hours sober (present company excluded of course). SD is the best you're the best. Keep rockin'!
:D! 
Yes. My life doesn't really having any meaning or purpose. I've achieved all my dreams...I'm finding just being nice to myself and other people is enough for now.
Thanks so much for that! It really helped.
Back at ya!
Thank you! Iwndwyt 
WE ARE AWESOME! IWNDWYT.
Awww...shanx    
You're awesome twists!
 everything is awesome. It's cool when your part of the SD team!   sorry legos/LEGO movies and their songs are a big deal around my home. Haha thank you for the encouraging post. Stay awesome! IWNDWYT! 
I was asked by my boss if I'm trying to get pregnant for not drinking at tonight's dinner  
You are awesome! Your words made me happy smile and feel really cared about. Thank you. I needed that. **internet hug** IWNDWYT
Beautiful post. Thank you!
Nice palindrome twists!  You're pretty awesome yourself.
Both you and your post is awesome!  Thanks for that. Reading your post was a great way to start my day. And yes...you made me smile. Success!!
Yay to being AWESOME!
Brilliant post. We can all get well together. IWNDWYT. Slainte from Scotland
Wow! Thank you Twists!.. What a great or shall I say "awesome" message post...Coming here everyday has really helped. ..IWNDWYT ..
NO U. iwndwyt
Thanks dude/dudette you are awesome.
Thanks! So much! and you're awesome for that post!
Thanks!  I feel awesome!
