-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lob7e/i_can_already_feel_my_mind_planning_a_relapse/

We all know the saying  one day at a time . I keep having to remind myself of that today. I've started thinking about all the things coming up in a few weeks months a year - all occasions in which I will want to drink. And I caught myself a few times thinking  well one glass of champagne won't hurt . Ugh. This is how my relapse always starts. One drink. Okay maybe two next weekend. Hey moderation is going to work this time! And next thing you know I'm visiting the liquor store three times a day because every time I go and buy a  moderate  amount it ends up not being enough. Taking it one day at a time over here. Hope you are too. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Stick with it! It gets easier I promise.
Relapse doesn't necessarily need to be part of the recovery process. When I first quit I had a vacation to New Orleans planned. I was very nervous at first because I thought that there would be no way I could go there and not drink. But as time went on and I continued to not drink my resolve to get thru vacation sober was strengthened and I made it through without drinking. I have faith you can do the same. No use in worrying about next week month or year. Just focus on today. ..SMART Recovery has some tips for dealing with cravings that may help: .https://www.smartrecovery.org/5-ways-to-deal-with-urges-and-cravings/..IWNDWYT
Do you actually want one drink or even two? I have gotten over these thoughts by reminding myself that I don't even LIKE having one or two drinks. It just makes me feel deprived and is annoying to have to monitor how fast I'm drinking. What's the point of one or two? That's why I can't drink at all! Also it's poison and is terrible for you - even in moderation:)
I have a problem with these thoughts...I get some time then kind of think I can just have a few...and I have just had a few in the past but...yea drinking with a head full of AA isn't as fun kinda thing. I dunno I appreciate this post because its a reminder I too take it one day at a time and fight the urge. 
Interesting. I don't have any experience with that. Hopefully you're getting professional help currently I'm sure it's something that can be eased.
Hang in there!! I found this time around that really taking it one day at a time was key. I tell myself that I can start drinking any time tomorrow in fact. Just not today. Then when I wake up the next day I am always so happy with my choice that I am able to get myself through those tough times. ..Also playing the tape forward really works well for me. Just think about what will happen after that one glass. It will never be enough. Not two not three... Then you will end up in the state that brought you here in the first place. ..In the beginning I also allowed myself to say "no" to events that I thought might tempt me. I am a people pleaser and it is hard for me to say no but now I put myself first. ..So just take it one day at a time and check in here a lot!! Keep us posted!!
My mind wants it like Smeagol wants the ring. But at times like these I remember what kind of life Smeagol led even when he had the ring. Interestingly his fictional life fits my alcoholic one perfectly. The deeper into it I got the more like him I'd become. Deceiving disliking company just wanting to be alone with my precious booze. Even today I fantasized about it a few times. And then of course the addicted brain will try to justify it and if you give it enough time the brain will be able to.
