-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8lu55i/creating_a_sobriety_action_plan_inspired_by/

I've tried to quit drinking many times. I even took a year off a couple years ago and from my high horse I thought I could then start moderating. Turns out no. I cannot like many of you...I've tried quitting since then and often came back to post here to rant celebrate wins and confess relapses. I couldn't understand how I was able to stop for an entire year but just a few sober days or weeks now seemed impossible. I expressed my frustration when u/Thornkale (THANK YOU!) said "Nothing changes if nothing changes" and asked me a simple question: ..*"What tangible actions are you going to take to remain sober?"*..It struck me hard. Until then I never thought to make a sort of "action plan" a step-by-step procedure for what I will do when cravings strike while at home while out etc. So this time I did just that. I realized this morning that maybe others would want to see it that maybe it could help inspire their own. ..Disclaimer: I've never participated in a step program but I've adapted some methods (like HALT) from existing techniques. Also I know I'm only 4 days in right now so time will put this to the test. But I've already referred to it multiple times and it feels like I have someone rooting for me 24/7... the determined level-headed me reaching out to help the addicted dopamine-charged version of me...Anyway I hope this helps!..STEP 1. I will put my sobriety FIRST..    1. Before relationships: I recognize that sobriety will strengthen those that matter and only erode those that don't..    2. Before diet and exercise: I recognize that increased energy will come with time. And while I will be careful to not replace one vice with another (junk food) I've got a few calories to spare by not consuming the empty calories of alcohol..    3. Before my career: Sobriety will make waking up early easier. It will also improve my job performance. But if a work-related social gathering threatens my sobriety I will follow the guidelines in Step 5 below and leave if necessary. ..STEP 2. I will tell my partner (family close friends etc.) plans for quitting alcohol entirely. I cannot control how they initially react to this...STEP 3. Daily check-ins on r/stopdrinking. ..STEP 4. When a craving comes on at home I will: .    1. Acknowledge the craving and my ability to ride it out..    2. Use HALT (Hungry or Happy Anxious or Angry Lonely Tired) to determine the trigger of the craving and address it at its source. .        1. If I'm hungry I'll eat whatever I want. If I'm happy I'll celebrate without alcohol. .        2. If I'm anxious I'll do something to keep my hands and mind busy meditate or do something else relaxing. If I'm angry I'll go for a run by myself..        3. If I'm lonely I'll journal go on SD or contact a friend to talk or hang out..        4. If I'm tired I'll read a book take a nap do an energizing breathing exercise or 7-minute workout or have some coffee...STEP 5. When confronting temptation while out I will:.    1. Acknowledge the craving and my ability to ride it out..    2. Prepare by bringing a seltzer water with me..    3. Research whether the destination has exciting non-alcoholic options. If it doesn't I'll seriously reconsider whether or not I need to go..    4. When offered a drink I'll do more than just turn it down. I'll say  No thanks I'm not drinking tonight  in order to prevent subsequent offerings..    5. I'll take a break from the situation and go on SD for a few minutes. If simply reading posts doesn't help I'll send a chat request or message a trusted sober friend..    6. If it doesn't subside or I feel like I can't concentrate on and enjoy my surroundings I'll politely excuse myself. I will remember that I don't need to justify my leaving. I can simply say  Good seeing y'all but I have to go! ..STEP 6. When someone asks me why I stopped drinking I'll say  It just wasn't fun / It doesn't serve me anymore  with a smile! - &amp; go into more detail if they're interested. ..STEP 7. I will continue to read relevant/timely chapters of This Naked Mind every day  on the hard the easy and the OK days...STEP 8. I will participate on SD whenever I feel pulled to by posting or commenting...STEP 9. I will practice self-love self-care and self-forgiveness...Sober on friends. We can do this together...Love Chair.
----------immediate responses--------

 Nothing changes if nothing changes.  Thank you for that.  Today's mantra. 
This is an amazing post just what I needed to read to regain a bit of focus after a tough afternoon. Thanks so much!
Excellent. :)
This is amazing. Thank you! 
Step six is great I have struggled answering that question. First it frustrated me because people acted like I needed to justify why I wasn't drinking like drinking is the human norm and if you don't do it you are some kind of mutant. I finally calmed down and just tell people that I got so good at it I wanted to retire while on top. Then change the subject. Love your list. IWNDWYT
I'm in the middle of This Naked Mind..When I started that brilliant book I stayed off the drink 6 days. But I let the temptations get me and my mental health has been all over the place which isn't helping..I will finish the book and reread it and try and plan like you are..Thanks for posting.
Great post!  Saved.  IWNDWYT
Checking in here every day is huge. I last feel off the wagon after I took 3 or 4 days off from being here and "forgot" everything I've learned from the great community here. Checking in today to say that IWNDWYT!
Hahahahaha hey this made my day! It feels really good to have helped plant a seed for your recovery. Happy Thursday!
Great action plan you're headed in the right direction for sure!
&gt;	STEP 2. I will tell my partner (family close friends etc.) plans for quitting alcohol entirely. I cannot control how they initially react to this...Not only can we NOT control how others react in fact their thoughts opinions ideas and reactions to our decision to stop drinking are insignificant. Even the reactions of husbands and wives mothers and fathers boyfriends and girlfriends. This decision is LIFE AND DEATH for us. 
Very Nice! Thanks for sharing!
Excellent plan! I treat my sobriety like it's another full-time job with mandatory daily tasks and goals both short and long-term. 
This is great thank you for sharing!
Saved post to look at frequently! Thanks for articulating such a great plan.
Thank you. I needed to read this today.
I've saved this. It's so good. Maybe it should go in the Stop Drinking Page?
Good plan!..Well prepared \- you can do it!..Never ever hesitate to reach out for help \- so many a time I waited 'riding' it out and finally called someone. Usually soon the question "Why didn't you call X hours ago?" comes up and I feel silly to make it so hard.  .We're here for you!
That's hugely useful to all of us.... I am now looking at my sugar intake....this plan can be adapted for this process as well.....my sugar intake is at epic proportions.... learnt over time I have replaced alcohol with sugar.....it was a good idea at the time ...but not now...I shall adapt your plan     
Fukkin saved...Thank you so much. IWNDWYT
Awesome post! 
Thanks for posting this this is such an amazing toolkit you've put together for yourself! IWNDWYT
Definitely needed to hear the diet and exercise one I've been feeling extremely guilty for it.. thanks! IWNDWYT 
awesome!! 
I like it! We have similar mindsets and also the same quit date!
Thank you for this post I really appreciate it as a newly sober person (16 days) anticipating the return of my other half from rehab in 13 days. Exciting and scary times lie ahead I've no idea what to expect!.This post has some great advice'I've not heard of the HALT approach before and it seems a really useful technique!..Good luck IWNDWYT
I talk about stuff like this all the time at the treatment center I work at. My biggest emphasis is on effort and I always ask : dont ask for what you want ask for what you are willing to suffer for.
