-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m3rb6/14_days_and_the_memorial_day_weekend_challenge/

It has now been over two weeks since my last drink. It has been relatively easy since the last two weekends have been quiet with not a ton going on. I was able to keep myself busy and not even really think about drinking. ..This weekend will be barbecues social gatherings and plenty of reasons to drink. I brew beer and that is tentative for this weekend too. This is going to be hard and in all honesty I might cave. I just hope if I do I will be able to keep it in moderation and really only have 1 or 2 beers (famous last words). ..What I am struggling with is telling people why I stopped drinking. I have been using the guise of losing weight and being healthy but that makes it sound like the is temporary and I will start being the same drinking person I was. I feel like I need to tell people the extent of my past drinking but I am not ready to do that. (I am not sure I will ever be). My mom said she noticed that I wasn't drinking and said "you weren't one to get home from work and have a beer". I said "Yeah I did" but little does she know about the 1-2 750ml 100 proof vodka bottles I'd go through every weekend. Plenty of weekends in the past 6 months I would literally be wasted from Friday at 6pm to Monday morning. I would sober up for 3-4 days and start all over again. ..I don't want to get back into that sort of behavior. Even if I do drink this weekend I don't think I will but I really don't even want to take that chance. ..Maybe I can just say I am sick and be anti-social. Being social around drinking has to be the hardest part of sobriety and I am not in a place where I am comfortable yet.  
----------immediate responses--------

You could say that drinking even one drink started to give you crippling migraines so you aren't drinking any more. There is some truth in that . 
Sober people/place is still my #1 rule.
This is one instance where I think it is ok to lie a little.  Any reason you come up with to either stay away or go and not drink will have a little truth to it anyway.  Stay strong friend.  We are all in this together.  IWNDWYT!
Two suggestions.  You can always say that you aren't drinking 'because the doctor told me.'..Second call the local AA and see if there are any sober events this weekend.  Usually there's at least one BBQ or party going on.
I don't feel it will ever be necessary to tell people about my past drinking. How is that their business? 
&gt;This is going to be hard and in all honesty I might cave...Yikes Drinker...I wish you the best of luck.
Flaking out of plans in early sobriety is actually a very good thing I am convinced. 2 bottles of vodka per weekend is no way to live and you know you're headed back in that direction if you cave this weekend. Maybe tell your friends you are sick and then take some YOU time to work on some solo hobbies you enjoy or something?
I feel like you. I am on day 20 now but today feels different. I have this urge to kick off the weekend with some beers. I skipped a happy hour so I wouldn't be sabotaging myself but I also wouldn't mind drinking alone here at my apartment. Tomorrow I have plans to go to a museum so that won't involve alcohol. Not thinking about the day after that yet. So I just have to get through tonight. I really want to hit day 21. 
