-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m6c9i/struggling_tonight/

Haven't had this hard of a night in a while. Obviously it must be the beautiful weather + beginning of holiday weekend=Me feeling bad for myself. ..It's already past 8pm so I know I won't drink. I just went and got a manicure &amp; pedicure (badly needed haha) because I knew it would lock me into a chair for over an hour. Now I'm gonna eat &amp; do a few cleanup chores &amp; go to bed. I have plans tomorrow that I know wouldn't happen if I drank. I'm planning on taking my kids to the cemetery in the morning. You can volunteer to change out the American flags on the veterans graves. I thought it would be good for them to realize it's not just a day off school....it means something. ..So while I sort of knew I wouldn't drink....I'm still just feeling low. Having that pity party wondering WHY I can't be like so many who can have a drink or two &amp; that's that. And then wake up tomorrow to my regular life instead of craving more booze?? Blah....I hope this feeling passes. 
----------immediate responses--------

I know exactly the feeling you're talking about like everyone's at a party and you're not invited. It will pass stay strong and remember why you quit 
[removed]
Count me in on the pity party . Feels like going to work and drinking were all I did the past years  . I quit my job  haven't been unemployed for 8 years . Quit drinking  lost my apartment . I'm broke . I have to rebuild everything . Your not alone !!! 
I feel the same. Been a rough couple of weeks in general but tonight is a doozy. Just going to throw back seltzies and cry a bunch until it's tomorrow.
There's got to be something in the air. It's so beautiful out and having a cold beer on the porch sounds so tempting. Also as it feels like the world is preparing for a 3 day long party. But what's even more amazing is taking care of myself. IWNDWYT
I love playing the clock forward at these times. I wanted to have a patio drink so bad yesterday. But I thought about how I'd feel today 
