-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8m6r6y/selfrespect_nosedive/

Hi everyone. I've been lurking here for a few weeks and have found the community very inspiring and supportive so I'll start out with my gratitude. Thank you...I'm feeling pretty low this morning. I've been stumbling and tripping into sobriety for about 12 months but only managed to get between 3-5 days at a time. Anyway this time I got 13 days up and then last night I drank a bottle of red wine. I feel so disappointed and depressed about it... I was feeling SO GREAT not drinking! Sleep better meditation better energy levels better mood better... My self-esteem and self-respect were much much healthier. Not so much today. After finishing my bottle I picked a fight with my husband over nothing and ended up sleeping on the couch. My eldest child (12 yrs) saw. It was the stupidest argument in history and we've made up now - he doesn't take it personally (extraordinary) - and my life is in order on the outside I just feel like I'm wired wrong on the inside. I don't know who I become when I drink. I black out and have to ask my husband whether I upset anyone or caused any fights. Disgusting... I'm actually a really lovely gentle kind person when I don't drink. I'm high functioning and scared this will be an endless rollercoaster of relapses...I know I can just start again today. I'm just feeling like I let myself down (and my children) and ruined it. Again...I guess I'm looking for a boost of optimism and hope. I'm not feeling any self-love or self-respect right now...Thank you for reading. x
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome! I'm a mom too and I *struggled* with my self respect and self esteem so much. It was an absolute hamster wheel of self flagellation after drinking and feeling better when I didn't drink. My internal life was hell. I had resets at the beginning. It's pretty normal I think. I just asked for advice here and took some of it. I read books and listened to podcasts. I read the gilded comments and the wisdom link. This sub is my mainstay. I just wrote a post today about forgiving yourself as a parent or forgiving your own parents. It's some deep emotional stuff at times. I am sending you determination and perseverance. You can do it!
Hey leafy green! Thanks for sharing your story. I'm new to my journey as well and I totally empathize with feeling like a different person when drunk vs sober. Those good feelings you were having are waiting for you!! Hang in there and IWNDWYT!
I have been  tripping into sobriety   for many years as have described it.  I am blessed to have a loving husband and daughter.  I am here on SD because I know that there's a way to start winning this battle!.The last I checked there were approximately 114000 people subscribed to SD and usually 500-800 people online at any given time and they are all rooting for each other. Totally amazing to me!
sobriety is a process. i know very few people who managed to quit and stay quitted with no relapses...try not to beat yourself up too much - but also kinda use it to give yourself a kick up the backside. ..you fell down but you're going to get back up. you learned from it and you're going to go forward and use it in your future sobriety. ..onwards and upwards! you can do it. and it's lovely to have a supportive loved one behind ya - that's a luxury many don't have by the time they get to the quitting so give that man some loving sounds like he deserves it :).x
Hey leafy green thanks for sharing! I know that self-care has been so very important to me. Drinking me was beating up on myself all the time for not accomplishing enough not being productive enough not living up to my own expectations. And for me at least not one iota of that actually turned into any sort of useful momentum in my life. Now I take time to be grateful to congratulate myself when I do things well to indulge and to practice some self-compassion. When I'm having a problem instead of listening to whatever voice is in my head I try to pretend that a friend of mine is having a problem and I find whatever I'd say to them is way better than what my brain thinks natively. ..You are brave and strong and a good mother for fighting your drinking-related demons. Everybody slips I know I had many slips. While the withdrawals may get harder every time due to kindling I find the ability to fight them grows stronger.
You guys are the best! Thank you thank you. I'll respond properly later but just wanted to let you know you've added so much sunshine to my day. 
