-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ma4jv/recognizing_risk_of_relapse/

I've been gradually slipping starting with making an exception here and there. Those exceptions have now turned into two weeks of drinking almost everyday. It has a hold of me again the craving the little voice telling me it'll be worth it to run over to the liquor store as soon as it opens. I recognize I am right on the precipice of a full blown relapse. I don't want that. I do not want that. I thought I'd come back here to SD because being a part of this community helped me get sober. Now I am looking for support in mustering my energy to pull out of this and get headed in the direction I wish to be going again.   
----------immediate responses--------

Been exactly where you are before .. .coming here is the first step.. bravo!..all I can say is pour it out.. pour it out .. pour it out!..Coming here is the first 
Here's some thinking that helps me with that voice:..I realized that I have romanticized notions of what drinking is like.  In my head drinking is this magical experience.  In reality here is what it is like: I am tense and rush to get to the first drink I chug beer quickly I feel down and tired for an hour or so I pass out I wake up at 2am to pain and shame scared to face the day.  The reality doesn't match the idealized image in my head.  I have worked hard to change that.  Every time the voice in my head says drinking will be fun I say  it's not as good as I think it is.   Then I run down the above scenario.  I have done this enough times to start to develop negative associations with drinking.  This makes the cravings less...Best wishes to you!
The little voice is Dopamine running through your brain telling you to find the drink.  It's just a chemical.  Dopamine is not you. I agree with the other posts. Play the tape forward.  For me I also play the tape backward.  Where do I want to be a year from now?  Well not Fucking here that's for sure.  I am done with a life time of poor decision making.  I am setting the baby goals.  Long term goal "One year No beer".  But started with short term get through Day one get through weekend one I'm on get through 30 days.  I want to see who I am and what I am capable of being without messed up brain chemistry.  Last time I quit I was ninety days in just like you. So going to be extra aware as time passes.  I'm guessing there are pockets of sneaky little chemicals that are hidden that may get swept out as the brain liver and adipose tissue heal.  Anyway that's my new story that I plan to use to over ride the "broken little voice".  I won't drink with you today. 
Just keep reminding yourself of the negative consequences of continuing. And keep coming here. Reading what others were experiencing was literally the thing that gave me the confidence to try to abstain from alcohol in the first place after lurking for months wondering if I could stop..Sending you thoughts of hope and strength Duder..IWNDWYT
