-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mads7/what_a_long_strange_30_days_its_been/

Good morning SD! First of all this community is so amazingly wonderful. Without it I don't know if I would've made it this far. After many years of screwing up and starting over I managed to make it to 30 days. Thank you ALL for the support and sharing your stories. ..On my 29th day I had a dream where I had relapsed BAD. I was drinking everything around me because I just so happened to have an endless supply of alcohol somehow. Sounds like a disaster waiting to happen...I remember after the first sip instantly feeling guilt and disappointment. Thankfully I woke up and was confused and remembered that it was all a dream. That was the first dream I had where I was drinking so I was extremely relieved  that none of that actually happened...Later that same day my friend texted me and said:.. I wish you were still drinking!!! Please come out with me tonight! I'll cover you and everything!! ..My first thought was:   Gee thanks but no thanks.  .. She knows about my sobriety but doesn't really seem to understand. Honestly it knocked me down and had me thinking deeply. ..I was kind of upset just because I had a sense that I was missing out. But then I remembered why I started this journey in the first place to become a better me. ..All of the other times I've tried to quit I was so worried about how I would handle the future. Or I was constantly worrying about what I had done in the past. NOT thinking of the present time. I think that is why I always relapsed. I learned that being present is a lot safer. It's easier to distract yourself with healthy habits and you're just going with the flow doing the best you can RIGHT NOW...All in all I've experienced some positive things since I've quit:..  Mental Health has drastically improved. My head is clearer than ever...  Anxiety and depression has not attacked me in several days. And when it has I just deal with it instead of dousing myself in poison. ..  I laugh more! I mean like those real heartfelt and genuine laughs. ..  My relationships have improved...  My skin is better and doesn't look damaged and washed out...  I'm learning to love myself again...  I got straight A's in my last semester of college. ...At Day 1 I felt like the world was coming to and end or at least my world was. I lost my sense of self and my grip on life. Here I am at Day 30 doing the best I can. Just one day at a time...Thank you for listening. I will NOT drink with you today. :) I know it will be worth it.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 30 days and  all the positive changes! It just keeps getting better after that.  IWNDWYT 
Your message will inspire many!..IWNDWYT
Way to go ! 30 day is a wonderful feeling isn't it. Your post is inspiring. I'm a couple weeks ahead and can say.. "i am at peace with never drinking again" ... we can do this!
Congrats on 30 days and the good news is it continues to get better...IWNDWYT
Nice work!
Congratulations on 30 days. Those are the toughest in many ways -- all the firsts without alcohol. IWNDWYT
Keep on keepin on. 
