-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mcmbz/can_anyone_help/

I've been relapsing and it has a hold of me again. I find it so hard to be logical when I emotionally want to relapse and then once I relapse I understand. How do you stay long term sober?
----------immediate responses--------

I go to AA meetings...The way I look at it if my own mind is telling me to drink I am powerless because I can't beat myself...If I have sober friends/network I can stand with them and out match the disease.
I have posted this before. It is my experience...Welcome friend. Search for the words plan and meetings. Read the sub and you will find people find making a plan and then utilizing it is really helpful. It was for me...I looked in the mirror and committed to quitting. Told myself "I love you." That was strange because I hated myself...Saw a doc. Was honest. Got sound medical advice...Talked with my wife. Was honest and direct. Got lots of support...Found a group meeting. Refuge Recovery worked for me. AA or SMART are great also. Attended weekly meetings. Honest interaction...Guided meditation.Insight Timer app is free and great...Relaxing breathing techniques. Take a slow 7 second breath in through your nose hold for 5 seconds exhale through your mouth for 5 seconds. Repeat...Learned my triggers with HALT. Was I hungry angry lonely or tired? Yup happened often...Had lots of snacks and cans of sparkling water handy...Tried to be kind to myself. ..Kept sober. Moment by moment. Day by day...Played the tape forward. What is going to happen if I drink? Anything good? Nope. It will be very bad. My last fall off the wagon lasted a year and a half...Read this sub multiple times a day. Participated with compassion. Found the same...Realize that "I can never drink again and that's ok."..Keep trying everyday. It gets easier. Alcohol is a bear. Your brain will work against you. "One drink won't matter." It will. Don't have the first drink and you're good...Good luck. I wish you well...I won't be drinking with you today!
Reading helped me.  I decided I wanted to diminish my desire to drink.  I read Annie Grace's *This Naked Mind* I read posts here I read memoirs and blogs.  I write out lists goals thoughts ideas for succeeding plans etc. I come to this sub and say I will not drink with you today.  
