-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mcswe/needing_some_support_feeling_very_isolated_and/

I'm sitting on the couch snuggled with the dog watching The Goonies and drinking LaCroix like it's going out of style. ..I met friends at the farmers market this morning and we went for lunch after. They both decided to have margaritas. I wanted one so bad. The salt and lemon limey tequila goodness could've tasted so good on this freaking 90 some odd degree day. ..This couple are the only people I know in this town I just moved a few weeks ago. They're aware I'm not drinking and I can't help but feel upset that they drink in front of me all the time. Maybe I haven't been open enough with them about how bad my struggle has been. All I know is today was the closest I had been to ordering a drink in the last 39 days. ..How did you guys deal with friends still drinking around you? I don't want to isolate completely but right now it's seeming like I might have to. I'm afraid to leave the house and join them at the pool because I know they'll be drinking. Maybe I'm just not as strong this weekend as past weekends. Does this feeling ever go away? 
----------immediate responses--------

That feeling will surely go away. I isolated myself initially and I think that was a great decision. Still now almost 150 days in I don't want to be around people drinking. I just don't want to.  I don't socialize much outside of work and that is okay for as long as it needs to be. :)
Yes. It does. Truthfully you are doing fine IMO. IWNDWYT 
I joined AA years ago and it saved my life...I can pick up the phone and call another addict any time or make a meeting...Why hunt the lion alone when you can find a guide?
I always think back to past experiences when I did drink and what the results were.  Usually disasterious!  End up regretting things I'd said or done what I could remember.  Feeling like shit the next day.  Over time you will build strength and confidence but in the beginning it's tough especially with summer here.  Be kind to yourself.  Those feelings (FOMO) will ease up every time you face a challenge.  Your armor gets a little thicker.  We are here for you any time you need us.  You can do this!
It does go away but the amount of time it takes to get there may vary. And depending on the drinking habits of your friends you may not like hanging out with all the same people. Hang in there.
Sober people sober places...I will not drink with you today!
I live in a place where it's very difficult to be in sober places with sober people.  Hell after the AA meetings everyone goes down the street to a bar for coffees.  That's just how the culture/situation is.  If I'm with people who are drinking out somewhere I try and order some fun non\-alcoholic drinks.  I like exploring new things so I see it as an opportunity to try the fresh juice or find out what tea the restaurant has or say screw it and get a big hot chocolate/milkshake/whatever indulgence that I wouldn't have had "before."  It makes me feel a bit like I'm still "drinking for fun" and it's like this neat exploration of the menu without worrying that a milkshake is a ridiculous thing to order\- who cares I'm not drinking I can order whatever I want ;\)  Of course this doesn't always work but if I go into a situation that might otherwise be tempting with my own game plan I feel more in control and less like I'm longing for something alcoholic.   ...Like everyone else has said it's normal it definitely gets easier and you're doing fine :\)
I'm currently recovering from a recent relapse but overall I was sober 8 of the last 9 years so I hope this helps: when I first went sober back in 2009 (I was 25) all of my lifelong friends were still partying bar hopping and drinking regularly - so I stopped hanging out with them for my.first year of sobriety while I focused on becoming healthy ..like you I recently moved to a new town in a new state on my own which is what lead to my most recent relapse...pretty lonely up here.....but the point is it really helped me to avoid any form of drinking situation and people who drink regularly until I felt comfortable 
I just drink delicious stuff without the alcohol.  Honestly a real smoothie tastes better than a margarita.  A good pina coloda with pineapple and coconut milk doesn't need the rum.  I like to put frozen fruit in a fancy glass with my soda water and an little umbrella and slice of lime maybe a splash of juice.  I make it so I'm not left out.  I've learned to bring lots of extra supplies because a lot of times the drinkers want some of what I'm drinking because it's so good.  
I can only offer my own experience but I know it can go away. It has for me. Last night I was over at some friends' house--we used to drink in large quantities together. They were drinkning last night and I was powering down soda water. We laughed like crazy and had a great time. The only thing that would have made it better is if my friend (I'll call her Mary) wasn't drinking either. She's a brilliant (really) woman and as the night went on (even though she was still lovely) I could see her edge being honed down by the booze. Watching her didn't make me want to drink rather it was a living color exposition of how booze makes otherwise brilliant people lose their lustre and their quick wit. Mary is lovely but she is better without the booze--and I am better without the booze. I'm funnier sharper quicker and kinder without the addition of misery sauce. I know that now--the only thing that frustrates me is that it took me so long to realize how much better off I am (and how much better I feel) without booze mucking up my life and interpersonal interactions. I am sending best wishes your way and IWNDWYT (or tomorrow either).
