-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mdo2g/how_do_i_avoid_relapsing/

Alright so. This might not be the best subreddit but honestly I have no idea where else to ask. ..To give you a gauge I haven't smoked or drank since January...My life has been tremendously fucked up for the past few weeks although this week it's been much better. Due to some mental health issues (BPD) I can't exactly control the fluctuation of my emotions all the time. I've gotten so much better this week but I was incredibly tempted to go back to being dependent. drinking smoking cigarettes taking acid whatever pulled me from reality (I didn't actually take anything however although it was incredibly hard to not give in to the temptation). ..Now my episodes are inevitable and that's just how life works. I am WAY too young to be having this dependency. How can I avoid these urges in the future?
----------immediate responses--------

Well first congrats on your progress thus far!!! You should be very proud of that. Having had friends who have BPD I can only imagine how hard it can be at times. ..As far as avoiding relapsing keep coming back here and perhaps check out AA? Know that the temporary bad feelings will pass. Find something to occupy your time or distract you. Don't let romantic thoughts about alcohol trip you up. ..I got sober around when you did and I still struggle at times especially this weekend. Pool and Memorial Day weekend are huge triggers for me. ..IWNDWYT...
Welcome! I don't know if there is a way to avoid the urges as such. I think it's a case of learning the right tools that work for you to enable you to work through the urges and not give in to them . I'm a newbie but reading things that the people who have a lot of days under their belts post after a while the urges get less and less frequent as your brain chemistry resets itself.  Well done on resisting so many temptations. You are clearly strong as hell. IWNDWYT 
I needed help getting sober and was lucky enough to be 'forced' into AA...I can go to a meeting and dump my garbage without worrying about people talking.
acid
Hi.  That's a million dollar question.  Coming here is a great step.  Often just reading about other people's struggles helps me to remember why I'm doing this.  ..Super congrats on quitting smoking and drinking since January!  That's amazing.  You have a lot of strength and conviction. Do you folks that you can lean on when emotions get too heavy?  What are the tricks and tools that you have used thus far?  Can they be implemented when you start to think drinking is a good escape?  ..You can do this. We're here for you.
I'm finishing a book called *Staying Sober: A Guide for Relapse Prevention* by Terence T. Gorski that I've found immensely useful and edifying. He talks a lot about the sobriety-based symptoms that make sobriety so difficult and how to spot your relapse well before you've considered picking up a drink. I can recommend it...
For me it's to embrace sobriety whole\-heartedly.  I listen to sobriety podcasts I watch youtube sobriety stories I watch intervention on Amazon Prime.  When I'm not doing these activities I'm exercising working on myself and my house.
It's gonna sounds trite but the absolutely only thing that works for me is making the commitment every day to not drink.  I also have tactics for replacing the rituals I had around alcohol substitutes for beverages and foods I imbibed. I relapsed after over 11 years sober so I know that for me complacency is deadly.  SD helps me immensely. 
