-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mg1z5/being_a_recovering_alcoholic_is_like_a_badge_of/

I'm coming close to 1 year and I get excited and tell people (like random cafe employees or a security guard at a concert). They're all really happy for me but the best part is meeting peeps who are also sober. Because we both nod our heads like FUCK YAH. We both know the fucking STRUGGLE getting sober is and is nothing but pure fucking excitement and celebration on both ends. The security guard said  "hey I got 4 years last month" i gave him a huge hug. We are family. We are never alone. I know i made his day because he made mine..IWNDWYT welcome to the club   
----------immediate responses--------

Every once and a while I come across a waiter or bartender who is *really* good at re-filling my non-alc beverage while everybody else is having beer or wine. I figure they must be on team sobriety : ).
Reading your 1 year made me really happy for u and really excited for me. I hope i can do it too!!! ..Congratulations!!!! ..I'm also very much praying my path of sobriety will lead to meeting others out there who are going through the same and understand how big it is. 
We are *never* alone... within        I will not drink with y'all today
This is what I needed today. Thank you! .And fuck yah  
We need to come up with a secret handshake.
I've heard of people asking *Are you a friend of Bill?* to figure out if someone is in AA. .
I know ! I was at a baseball game and had my two kids with me. We grabbed a bunch of food.. hot dogs fries and drinks. I was so proud .. as we walked to our seats knowing that I we going to be the sober Dad. Not the ass-hat! 
Becoming sober is like joining the Mafia.  .Wherever you go in the world you have family.  ....and if you try to leave you're a dead man.
Well done one your year without the demon drink.. I would say that you're not a  recovering alcoholic' just a person who no longer drinks alcohol. Otherwise how long will you be in recovery?
Well whatever works for you. You're certainly on the right track. Wishing you all the best for the rest of your  sober' life.  
