-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mhf88/cymbalta_withdrawals_causing_intense_cravings/

Having a really hard time staying strong today. On day 7 of stopping alcohol marijuana and the cymbalta I was prescribed a few months ago. I have only been taking it since late February and the discomfort from ceasing usage is really starting to affect me now. It's not quite as intense as some people who have been on it for years but the calm positive sober me that existed from days 1-5 is gone and left to nothing but an anxious twitchy mess. ..Looking into Cymbalta I'm at a loss for fucking words as to why they would prescribe it to an alcoholic. I had checked myself into the psych ward after a suicide attempt after relapsing on alcohol and that is where it was prescribed to me. I was desperate to get better so I trusted the doctor. The doctor referred me to a psych clinic that I have then quit going to because it felt very uncomfortable and I wasn't going to get the best treatment for me if I couldn't be comfortable there. The clinic is pretty much one main doctor a few counselors and psychiatrist assistants basically every meeting was talking to them then they would pull the main doctor in and discuss the session with him to see if it was okay. It wasn't for me at all and I really had no idea where my counseling was going to go so I cancelled my appointments and booked one with a psychologist that runs his own practice. The difference in quality is absolutely absurd and I've only had one appointment with him so far. ..Sorry for the random aside but last night the anxiety was just really getting overwhelming. My parents who I live with don't seem to be taking my recovery as seriously as I'm trying to and still have beer in the fridge. Last night was so difficult getting through the lonely night without having to grab one. Or two. Or all of them. I managed to make it through the night and have about 90 minutes until I can get to my first AA meeting (which was planned before this happened anyway).  I really have no idea what I'm trying to getwith this post other than just to get this off of my chest. Sorry for the messy non-sensical ramblings
----------immediate responses--------

