-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mk2so/am_i_setting_myself_up_for_failure/

Happy Memorial Day weekend fellow soberites.  I try to post or reply here to someone daily because I know first hand how helpful this SR is so thank you all for reading and contributing to the community.  One thing has me concerned at this point in my sobriety: am I setting myself up for failure?..My  quitting  story is on this SR so I won't bore with the details. Essentially I hit a personal rock bottom March 1st and said enough is enough  I'm done . Forever. Felt like someone died the next day emotionally.  Nothing happened per se but I felt like had I not quit something irrevocably tragic would happen. Felt it in my bones. So here I am today. ..The problem or concern is for me now that the first 60 days are behind me I don't feel the urges and cravings others here experience.  I feel completely in control and free. I feel confident and secure. I have been to the liquor store and restaurants where alcohol is the focus. I have attended get-togethers centered around adults drinking. I feel it in myself that I am an alcoholic just like them. Only difference is I don't drink. Never again. ..So here is my question: do people relapse and battle for months and years because they haven't fully committed or something else?  For me I believe now that taking a drink is as simple as choosing to imbibe any other liquid by it's just a choice. Just like the choice I make every day to not drink. I know booze will ruin me and gives nothing back if not some  fun  around others that may or may not remember the  fun  or care either way. ..Just curious if I'm overconfident in someone's eyes or if a dedicated and deliberate effort to choose never to drink again is a benchmark of long term success. I hope so: it's all the power I have over alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone is different but I wouldn't say you won't hit bumps. I had pink clouds for the first 45ish days but it's been more of a struggle recently. I'd suggest using this time to figure out your recovery toolbox for when tough times do show up so you are prepared just in case 
I was just listening to This Naked Mind by Annie Grace in the car and she was discussing nearly the exact same thing.  She calls it spontaneous sobriety - apparently people who are able to do it (make a total and absolute decision with no wiggle room what so ever) have a better success rate long term than any other quit method.  Basically they've completely changed the narrative in their mind (for example they aren't fighting with themselves about missing something...they have made the switch and are grateful they never have to drink again).  Now I haven't looked up the studies to fact check this and I may be paraphrasing her points inaccurately but if this is you and you've done the pre-work (and continue to do the work...whatever that is that helps to maintain your clear and firm decision ) then I think you sound in a really great place.  Maybe check out her book - I believe the chapter is like 12 or 13.  Happy to not be drinking with you today!
Wow awesome feedback thanks. I will check it out. I appreciate it and IWNDWYT 
I got sober in AA.  This is what I've heard in the rooms of AA...Alcoholism is a progressive and fatal illness.  If someone has crossed 'the invisible line' they can never drink safely again no matter what...I've heard numerous stories of people who were able to stop drinking for years and years.  Then they started up again and hit bottom...That's my point of view.  Why would I take a chance of ruining my life after I barely got out the first time?
Hmm I don't know why people fail. I've failed a million times. Part of that was perhaps because I didn't take it seriously (I fooled myself by convincing myself that it wasn't bad) and partly because I had already given up before trying. ..Something clicked in my head 90 days ago and I also don't have daily struggles or hard times daily or weekly like some others have but I do have them sometimes (like yesterday at a bachelorettes party) and I have to prepare myself for tricky situations (like said bachelorettes party). ..Like someone else said perhaps it wouldn't be a bad thing to think about what to do when things do get tough. Maybe you won't need those tools but it doesn't hurt to have them.
Congratulations on 90 days.
I am cautiously optimistic myself.  I never made it more than 13 days before.  Now I'm at 93 and I don't want to drink.  I feel no urges to drink for fun; only when I'm super stressed and so far I've handled it.  So I want this to be that I never drink again but I know I always have to be watchful because I could slip up out of nowhere.  ..Congratulations on the great place you are now! IWNDWYT 
Sounds like you're on the right path! Be confident in yourself and remember    despite our society's glorification of alcohol there are many happy and well-adjusted people who don't drink. And you're one of them!
People relapse for different reasons. More important than knowing those reasons is knowing that relapse is a process not an event. Knowing the warning signs and the stages that lead up to returning to drinking can be useful in preventing a relapse. Some or all of the ingredients may be different for people but the recipe is generally the same: usually some kind of set up rationalization(s) a trigger a craving permission use loss of control. Hope this helps. 
Interesting  I made the decision to quit 2.5 years ago. But have never made it over 60 days or so. ..But now.. this time... I'm stronger and smarter. ..Plus..I've really made the commitment to myself.. to never drink again. ..This commitment was never really made before.. I said it but didn't mean it. ..Best to you! ..
I've had exactly one urge in sobriety.  It was when someone pissed me off to the point where I experienced a feeling I previously associated with drinking.  I didn't drink over it but it was jarring.  I haven't had that feeling again because through AA I've changed my perception of things. ..I have had periods in sobriety where I felt exactly like you.  Like I was on top of the world and I totally have this.  I have also times when I questioned whether or not I was really an alcoholic.  I've never relapsed because if I start questioning myself I just remember that I am not drinking today.  And I can worry about that tomorrow.  And then I wake up the next day and totally forgot that I was even questioning it the day before.  There is a lot to be said for the one day at a time mantra!..
Thanks for this question.  I also wonder about being overconfident. Or reaching a point where my new found sobriety isn't so shiny and new and perhaps starts seeming simply boring. And at that point I'd trick myself into letting my guard down against all the societal pressure and the presence of booze everywhere. But reading here does remind me that if I were to slip up sooner (most likely) or later I'd be back to ingesting the same unhealthy daily amounts of alcohol.  That's just how addictive drugs and minds work. So that's pretty scary   better to just stay off that super slippery slope. 
Alitterally! Lol
