-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mkcum/so_i_decided_to_stop_drinking_48_hours_ago_and/

Im managing to hold myself together now and i'm going to try and stay sober for him but im scarred in a few days im going to cave in im going to go to the store tomorrow and buy every soft drink i can find to help me ride this out i know i can get very dependent on alcohol for my emotions as i struggle to communicate with people for one reason or another but i guess if i can get through this period i can get through any. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I am so sorry about your father. Yes you can do this. Getting drunk won't change the situation except to make you feel even shittier. I know this from losing my mom a few years ago &amp; drinking my way through it. I will be thinking of you and wishing you the best. 
I'm so sorry about your father...My mom and dad died two months apart and it accelerated my alcoholism.  I wish I had honored their memory by embracing living life instead of retreating into the bottle.  But now I have chosen to be grateful I'm alive through sobriety...It will not be easy but we can draw strength from those around us.  Wishing you the very best in this difficult time.  IWNDWYT 
I had a similar situation except I was sober for four months.. My brother passed away and I guess I didn't take it so good looking back I always think to that I should have gotten drunk.. Id be so much better off than I am now but the thing is I didn't drink and I dont know why I had a full case of beer sitting next to me but I refused.. I grabbed a can looked at it and had a different thought in mind.. For some reason I wanted to shoot the cans with my pellet gun from 50 yards it was weird as fuck.. I know one day I'll take another drink again and it'll all go down hill quick 
This happened to me same time frame same thoughts. In the end I decided that the decision not to drink was as valid as when I made it and if I drank I'd just be using a sad event for an excuse... I didn't drink and that made those days and weeks and months after a whole lot more honest and real. I am sorry for your loss and I'm not drinking with you but I am sending you a hug. Xx
I'm so sorry for your loss. You're right this is a huge test. A close family bereavement fucks up your thought processes on its own let alone the things you will be going through from stopping drinking. ..In my experience if you drink to suppress/blot out your feelings now they will eventually surface and hit you like an avalanche. My dad died a long time ago before I was ever drinking but for various reasons I didn't process it properly at the time. 4 years later I had a breakdown and that was the beginning of the anxiety and depression which I still struggle with today.   .We are all here for you; just let us know how we can help. Sending you lots of positive thoughts . IWNDWYT 
I am sorry that you lost your father--sending my best wishes and hugs (if wanted) your way. I believe in you--you can get through this without booze. We are here for you anytime you need us. I'll be thinking of you and I will not drink with you today.
My condolences...My friend. It is not a test it is just life. Life is very difficult at times but alcohol will not make it any easier to deal. It will make it far more difficult because not only will you have to deal with your fathers passing you will have to deal with the guilt and shame of drinking...Hang out with family friends and those that you love. Laugh cry and remember the good times with your Dad.
You don't need it. Plus your dad is looking down from heaven (assuming you are religious). He would want you to be healthy. 
Sorry to hear about your father.   Mine passed shortly after Christmas this past December and I'm really greatful that I didnt drink.   It may seem like an escape but it won't help.   Hope you stay strong.
Very sorry for your loss. I have faith you'll get through this sober. You've came and posted here rather than succumb... takes a lot of strength and determination. IWNDWYT.  
That's really tough. I'm so sorry about your loss and your pain. You can do this sober. IWNDWYT 
Great that you were sober to get the news. I'm  sorry to hear about it but you did an awesome thing giving yourself a chance to process this in a healthy way. ..I have a parent with moderate health issues and hearing about it was a wake up call that I wanted to take better care of myself and have a clear mind. 
I can't even imagine. I truly can't.  The fact that you have written this post shows amazing strength.  I'm an emotional drinker and I can only hope I'll have half of your amazingness if and when I have to face something like this. My thoughts are with you.   
So sorry to hear this. There may not be words to say that can relieve what you're going through right now but just know that everyone is standing in the gap with you. 
Your dad wants you to hold onto that. Keep fighting. 
Sincere condolences. Great plan. Every soft drink do it. Go buy them. Always always to hand. Play that tape forward... Drinking will not help you cope. It will numb pain delay pain and bring on a hangover guilt and regret. Drinking is not for life. You're done with it now. Live. Grieve. Feel. And try all the la croix you can get your hands on. Good luck.
I'm sorry for your loss.  As u/Phredex so clearly says this is just another day albeit it a poignant and hard one with very heightened emotions.  Alcohol won't make it better and likely will make it worse. Sending you lots of good juju and hope you made it through. Blessings on your dad's journey.
I'm sorry
I wish you and your family peace and comfort during this most difficult time of grieving...As many have already said alcohol will not ease the pain you're feeling but will likely exaggerate and prolong the healing process. ..As part of recovery I think it is common for an individual to try and think back to where did it all go wrong- where did I stop controlling the drink and the drink started controlling me. I have also lost my father. After many hours of thought on the question of where did it spiral out of control I often end up concluding it happened in the weeks and months following his death. I drank heavy often before this event; however I still felt in control up until that time period. I tried to be so strong for my mother and sister that I never dealt with my grief and my regrets...I don't say these things to scare you but you're at an important cross road. I encourage you to cry often grieve openly if you'd like or privately if you prefer but definitely grieve- don't suppress these emotions because they'll come back with vengeance and consider getting some counseling. I would start with your primary care doc for immediate short term needs. In my experience my primary was able to drastically ease withdrawal symptoms and anxiety by using a 14 day prescription regimen. I cannot begin to express how important this initial step was for me in my journey. ..May you find peace and comfort in this most difficult time. Please keep us updated. We are cheering for you. 
I'm very sorry for your loss. IWNDWYT 
Why do you post online? I am sorry for your loss but I am more worried about you. Don't you have friends and family to talk to? I won't drink with you today. 
