-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mks46/when_im_unsure/

Sometimes I feel like I'm not making the right choice. I become afraid that I'll lose friends and experiences. The future becomes an unsure and terrifying prospect when I think of it in contrast to the past and the beautiful memories that live there. Laughter. Guitars around a campfire. A tender hurried kiss in the rain. I wonder how my future can measure up to those messy beautiful and drunken memories. Memories that made me who I am. ..At first it's a struggle. It's hard to say to myself that I'm getting better. It's hard to say that I'm making the best choice for me when all I can think of are those memories and how I'll never get them back especially now that I've committed to not drinking. It's sometimes hard to get my head around that the operative word here is "better". I'm getting BETTER. Things are getting BETTER. Sometimes the improvement is so slow it seems like nothing is happening at all but the sun always seems to be upon you before you even realize it. ..I always hated that. I hated after a night of those beautiful drunken memories the sun would rise and the world would wake and resume its course. I hated it. The sun always seemed cold and my stagger home always seemed longer. In those moments my stomach would knot up and the viscous headache would start as my hangover set in. The world seemed to get real mean and real loud real quick in those moments. ..Sometimes on my good days that's all I can remember. I can remember a woman who was supposed to be the rest of my life telling me it's over as the sun rose. I remember walking out of the jail after my DUI on a perfect autumn morning. I shook awake with DTs on a friend's couch at four in the morning...My nights may not be as exciting as they once were but my sunrises are beautiful now. It seems like an ok trade. ..I'm making new beautiful memories and they seem to getting better the further I go. And I myself am getting better too. ..[Here's](https://mcdougall.bandcamp.com/track/on-the-mend) a pretty great song by my friend Scott that helps me remember that. For myself and for you too if you need it...Thanks for putting up with my vomit\-stream. I had a lot on my mind...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I got sober in AA...One thing that strikes me as funny when people say they are afraid of going to AA is thinking about the things that DIDN'T scare me when drinking...I wasn't afraid to risk my job and freedom daily.  Wasn't afraid to go to any dangerous neighborhood or meet shady folks wasn't worried about my health or sanity...All AA asks me to do is sit down and drink coffee with nice people.
I found myself chasing those memories of past drinking experiences even when drinking stopped being fun.  I like your idea of contrasting the past with a better sober future.  I have found that nothing I have ever experienced matches the joy of living life sober.  I wish you the best on your journey!  By the way this post was beautifully written.  IWNDWYT 
Better out than in :) ...Thanks for sharing. ..When we ever younger we called them 'the day people' as we came home on the first early morning train - it was the worst insult possible. ..I loved my identity as a child of the night. Shadows suited me. ..These days I am up each morning at six - in no small part to the furry creature that demands breakfast. ..My favourite thing is cosiness these days. It's such a radical shift of values and self identity. ...I had such grief for the life I'd lost. I had so much of my identity wrapped up in my using - there was a real loss. Honoring my feelings and sharing them at meetings were (and are) a real way for me to deal. Not only do I feel better when I've spilled but the vulnerability allows people to share what they are going through - I gain connection and connection is a crucial part of fellowship. ..You are in the right place. ..You are not alone. .Feelings!..
Each sober sunrise is a delight !
