-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mmvpy/on_judgement_gossip_and_worrying_what_others_think/

It's  1yr 2mo 10d that I've been sober and I have to say the thing I struggle with most still is the worry of what others may be saying or thinking behind my back. ..I never made much of an attempt to hide what I was doing. I was either sure no one would notice or they wouldn't care but toward the end it became clear neither of those things was true. ..After deciding to get my shit together I got in touch with some people who I knew sobered up. Now I can honestly say that in the beginning I got the help I needed and got sober and started feeling at least a little normal. Not long after though it became apparent the environment wasn't healthy. Sure it got me sober but there was a lot more going on that was more than just unhealthy. It was dangerous in a very real way. So I left. Having been gone for a bit now I've stayed sober and plan to remain that way despite being reminded time and time again that I could never do it without them. I don't believe that personally. I don't subscribe to the idea that you can never be recovered and you can never be either in control or back to normal. To me that's a bunch of defeatist crap and kind of manipulative. ..That said now that I find myself without a group for support it's gotten much harder not to feel like the people in my community talk about me and my old habits. Expecting that I'll either fall back into them or that I already have. I know that I haven't. I know that I'm still sober still working still taking care to be aware of myself and that should be enough. Yet sometimes it isn't. In those time though I know on thing that helps. Talking. Venting. Being honest and real and vulnerable with others. Whether it's my family the few friends I have my girlfriend or strangers on the internet. One thing is for certain when it gets to be too much don't bottle it up. Pop the cork off and let the feelings flow...Thank you all for listening/reading. If you couldn't tell today I needed to vent. 
----------immediate responses--------

It's tough to feel like you're doing this thing alone. I use this group and podcasts and I follow a ton of sober people on Instagram to help me with that and it helps. I'm also trying to put together a sober book club in my city though just to make new sober friends and create some face-to-face support outside of any Program or Method.
In my experience:..People don't think about you as much as you think they do...I found [this article](https://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/10-things-remember-you-care-too-much-about-what-others-think.html) that may be a good read for you.
My grandmother used to say you wouldn't worry about what people thought of you if you knew How  seldom they did. 
