-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mpioy/im_not_addicted_to_alcohol_im_addicted_to_escapism/

In the last 240+ days since I started this account I've only had one drinking  slip-up  which was 120 days ago. This to me is a massive accomplishment and solid evidence that I am finally making changes in my life that are long overdue. I quit Facebook and Twitter a couple months ago realizing that they weren't contributing to my mental wellbeing at all but now I find that my mental-stimulation-addiction has just been transferred to Reddit instead of me putting that brainpower toward chasing dreams or engaging in the real world as often as I need to...The problem is that SD has been instrumental in getting me this far in sobriety and I love visiting routinely. Plus Reddit *does* provide me with info/news and engagement I wouldn't ordinarily have access to if I just relied on IRL sources. However like with most things that are fun I struggle with moderation here and spend way too much time scrolling...Exchanging one mental escape for another isn't recovering. I get that..It's like those people who exchange the drama of being drunk all the time for the drama at their local Alano club; it's all just a needless distraction...This is the hard part because I've been seeking out escapes for so long I don't know how to function without them. I know everyone indulges in some form of escapism from time to time but I know that mine are crippling me and keeping me in a developmental stasis. I need to cut down on my  escapism time  and find escapes that build me as a person again (like getting back into a hobby or project.)..What scares me about this is that I work from home (part time even) and I have been recovering from a long-term illness for the last 6 months so while my life is actually pretty great right now (solid family/marriage life health improving) I'm just not used to getting out and including myself in the world outside my door. My online escapes have become my daily social life and sole source of mental stimulation (SD included.) That sucks. I gotta fix that...I'm not sure what I'm trying to say here except I know I'm ready to make more changes but am not sure how to start. It's time though...Either way I'm so glad I'll be going it sober. Thanks SD.....
----------immediate responses--------

Oh boy you and me both. Reddit has been a pretty big problem for me. I am completely addicted to our circus of a political climate right now. SD has been a great resource so I don't want to quit it all together. I have been trying to combat my internet addiction by giving myself set "online time" early in the mornings with my coffee and then turning off the computer. I also took the app off my phone.
Good for you recognizing you have more to work on. We all do. But the fact that you aren't poisoning your body any more is HUGE. I see a lot of comments on here that are like "well my addiction to [sugar/gaming/internet/whatever] is almost as bad" and I'm always thinking "NO IT'S NOT!!!" ..What are you thinking about getting into minx? Do you live in a good climate for outdoor stuff?
I was pretty disappointed to learn that sobriety didn't solve my procrastination issues. It did however lay them bare so I could actually start working on them. But then after over 90 days of sobriety I drank again and that made me unable to even work on them (It's not procrastination if I am too hungover for work right?). Anyway the key is that staying sober was the key to start working on me as well as restoring ab ability to see both the extent of my problems and start finding ways out of them. Thanks for the post.
I was a big isolator when I was using so getting social after was tough...I live in a large city so I was able to seek out sober dances from NA and AA.  I've heard of sober activities like camping baseball etc...
Yeah I had quit Quora.  I loved it too much.  ..And this is the only sub in reddit I read my lifeline.  I'm afraid to explore anything else.  Too addictive.  ..I've ditched both twitter and FB (well except for two closed groups I belong to).  ..I'm also addicted to the political drama but I've curbed that mostly.  I backed away to prevent burnout and so I can coil my energy for the fall campaign.  ..I've switched from podcasts to long form pieces mostly novels histories etc. so I can get more exercise like walking the dogs. ..
I worried about this from the beginning. The only sub I am subscribed to is this one. I still find myself pulling my phone out and doing "random" things. 
I can relate and agree that healthy escapism is the key! It can be easy to fall into these super compulsive behaviors like how people can't stop looking at their phones and check them for likes and social acceptance every 2 seconds but I still escape all the time in healthy ways and love it. I meditate goto the gym like every other day. I'm pretty obsessed with both. I also did neurofeedback for a couple years and doing TMS now and think about them a lot. They're both evidence-based treatments that are changing my brain which has me super stoked and the benefits are really obvious. :)  .  .People sometimes use the "addiction" term to apply to lots of other things especially when we're in recovery which tends to annoy me (not saying you are doing this!). Doctors and clinicians define addiction as generally having 2 components:  .1) the activity is compulsive and rules your life  .2) the activity is damaging to your body and if continued will kill you  .  .To each their own opinion of course but I can't say I'm really "addicted" to exercise meditation or these therapies or anything else healthy I'm doing even though I think of them often and some are escapism-based. They are nothing like how I thought of drugs and alcohol and they are helping me.  .  .In an attempt to throw a morsel your way not sure if you've heard of the book "getting things done" but it's about this sort of algorithm of organization that works good to start doing new things. It's all about getting our ideas out of our head and start doing them including new interests and crafts. The process of getting it down on paper and starting to work on things has the benefit of creating more space in the mind for creative thought overall. I love it as have a few friends and maybe you'd dig it too! &lt;3
I am also a serial escapist.  I am learning to play piano which I feel IS constructive but more often than not I am scrolling through Facebook Instagram playing games on my phone etc.  I also do a lot of reading as well which is a form of escaping too albeit sometimes constructive.  ..A huge part of anything is recognizing that it's going on - you've already done that piece.  Now you can take on whatever improvements you want to make (and probably more easily while sober).  You'll get there.  Go easy on yourself - and well done on 120 days!   
If you want to escape into a book I've been really enjoying Russel Brand's book on addiction. It's basically his re-interpretation of the 12 steps he follows the program pretty closely but I find his version of it more accessible. Importantly he examines a lot this trend towards escapism in his own life with his cross-addiction and really gets into why the spiritual component of 12-step programs was helpful for him in dealing with it. I've found it really provocative and insightful. IWNDWYT
What's your ideal life though? Everything in the world could be defined as escapism if you're shitty enough to yourself. Sleep is escapism from dealing with your problems. ..Aren't hobbies escapism? I play drums to escape from the crushing reality of life and pretend that I'm a badass. I read books to get lost in fantasy world and the emotions of others. etc etc
Oh wow you hit on a few things that have really been bothering me lately.  I've managed to stay Alcohol free for a while now and that's just helped me realize how many addictions I have.  Whether it's reddit eating junk food video games or just watching TV; there are so many things that I do because that's what I've always done and they're fun and easy.  ..All of these things come down escapism.  Life is hard and it's a lot easier to stick to what we are comfortable with instead of taking risks.  Awareness has always been the easy part for me.  I can figure out what I should be doing but somehow I wind up getting derailed.  I end up with a long list of things I want to do that I'm avoiding for whatever reason.  Just like you I gotta fix it...This is one of the first steps I've been a lurker on reddit for a long time so posting on here is a way I can develop.  I also have found a few meetups that I've been procrastinating going too and it's past time to start socializing again.  I also like you idea of finding a hobby or project...I'm really glad I read your post this morning and I wish you well.  I too am ready to make changes and It helps a lot to see all of you going through very similar struggles.  I will not drink with you today and I'll take of few risks as I try to grow as a person.
This resonates with me a lot. My switch has been to reading fiction which I am kind of compulsive about. I am trying to tone that down. I know it sounds harmless but it eats up all my free time and makes me less constructive and engaged than I would like. Totally escapist. One thing at a time though.
Yes! Real talk    Thank you for putting this out there - I'm sure most of us can relate.  Your post is motivating me to put down the phone and engage with the world in other ways today. Thank you. I will not drink with you today my friend. 
I'm not sure if this helps or not but for healthy escapism I will do things like read and learning foreign languages. I found that learning languages is really good at helping minimizing computer time because you have to using a textbook. I also found taking a class or joining a club extremely helpful. 
Awesome milepost for you. What you have accomplished is significant and kudos for wanting more. Good luck and you know where we are so swing by anytime you want!
Serial escapist here. Since I quit drinking i've become a much better musician which is nice and constructive and all that but even so I recognize that it's escapism. When my kids go with their dad on the weekend I always have a lot of things on my plate that I "have to" do and most of it gets shoved to the side because i'm playing. I feel ok about it if i'm learning something new but many times i'm just escaping into songs I already have down pat and avoiding my own responsibilities. I have to be willing to be vigilant with my time to get things accomplished but i'm also giving myself a lot of leeway and compassion as I only quit the booze 2.5 months ago. 
YouTube Bruce Lipton.  We only use 5&amp;#37; of our conscience brain.  95&amp;#37; of the time we are running on old programs learned from being in a Theta brain wave state in early childhood. ..I desperately used alcohol to escape my life.  Bruce Lipton explaining the science of epigenetic and childhood programing is giving me hope.  I won't drink with you today. 
This really resonates. My journey to sobriety began when I sought therapy following the 2016 election which in addition to resulting in the shocking election of Donald Trump laid bare to me my addiction to Twitter Facebook and the news in general. ..It occurred to me that part of the reason Trump won if not the main reason is that he has an almost unparalleled ability to get your attention and that by hanging on his every word on Twitter I was falling into the trap. So much of what counts as "news" in America these days is Trump tweeting something unhinged and crazy the news media reacting to it and Trump reacting to the reaction. It was a vicious cycle and I was trapped in it...I abruptly stopped using Twitter and Facebook for a year and began to read books about addiction. One addiction in particular that fascinated me was gambling   something that has never interested me. The suicide rate among people who suffer from gambling addiction is far higher than among alcoholics and drug addicts. In the United States it is illegal to place an ATM machine next to a slot machine because otherwise people would continue gambling until they literally ran out of money. And just as slot machines are designed to entice you to continue playing ad infinitum Facebook and Twitter and other social networks exist only to get you to keep using them. That's why on Facebook you get notifications for just about anything these days. If not for the little red number we see every time we open the app how many of us would keep using it? Facebook without notifications gets really boring really fast...This investigation into my addiction to Facebook and Twitter eventually led me to consider my addiction to alcohol. Which is why I'm here with you today...I visit Reddit every day and spend at least a half hour scrolling through SD leaving comments and occasionally writing a post. I recognize that my patterns of use here resemble that of Facebook and Twitter   sometimes at work I'll even open a new tab and click on Reddit without realizing it   but using SD is different. When I was new to sobriety I felt very alone: My family and friends were sympathetic but unable to relate to me and I knew almost no one who was embarking on a similar journey. Yet at the same time I felt hesitant to jump into AA. SD was a perfect place to bridge the gap even if it does serve as a distraction...Ultimately I would suggest that you find an IRL community of sober people whom you can see on a regular basis and speak to on the phone. The easiest way to do this is to join AA since right there you'll meet a roomful of people going through the same thing you are. It's kind of like a live-action SD. ..And while someone may ask what the difference is between connecting with people online and connecting with them in person I think of it this way: You can't fully replace that feeling of interacting with a live human being. It's like with Facebook: It's easy to tell people off in a political argument when they appear to you as a name and photograph on a screen and not a living breathing person with feelings. SD isn't Facebook obviously and the mods do a great job making sure the conversations here remain constructive and supportive. But having a human element is irreplaceable. And it won't mean that you have to give up SD either! It's natural to want to learn as much as you can about your new way of life and you should never feel bad about that. But I can't stress the importance of making real-life friends in sobriety; it'll keep you from worrying too much about your internet addiction too...I won't drink with you today.
Same here...same here. Instead of consuming drink after drink I read book after book only to emerge after a 3-day holiday weekend blinking myopically and confused like Punxatawny Phil on a sunny Groundhog Day. "Reading is a healthy escape!" I'm told. ..Not like I do it. It's just another way to Not Deal.
I differentiate SD from Reddit in general. SD is 100% positive and I don't consider a minute of my time here wasted. The rest of Reddit is a shitshow and a massive time suck. Now I stay away from r/all and just scroll through SD and a handful of other chill subs. At least I try to make that my habit. When I stick to that I find I am much more relaxed and happy. 
More power to you!
This post says it all.  I don't think there is an "addictive personality" per se but I think our entire society is encouraged to be addicted to escapism (food drugs alcohol clothes ego internet video games etc.).  How else will crony capitalist consumerism continue?   IWNDWYT
Deleting Facebook and disconnecting from the giant poisonous cynical media machine was the second best decision I ever made. 
Yeah... I get what you're saying but I look at it from a perspective of harm reduction.  Is it good to spend hours and hours on Reddit?  No not really.  But if we compare and contrast it to alcohol...  I dunno.  I think if you cut everything out that's escapist or not healthy... I just don't know where that'll lead.  Jogging... and meditating with all your free time??..That sound's pretty shitty to me and I think it would increase my chances of relapse out of pure annoyance with an austere existence. 
[removed]
Weed alcohol video games internet it's all the same for me.
I can relate. I used to drink hard in my twenties and then once I stopped I went to video games. Once video games were out (at least curbed to a moderate usage) my social media usage increased...I'm currently trying to get off my phone so I can be more present. In the meantime of weaning off I'm trying to set myself up with other projects to take its place. I'm not sure where it's going to go but I think it's all going in a good direction...Keep it up man. All you can do is move.
This threas is pretty old already so my voice might not be very important...I'm running into a similar problem. I have 0 motivation towards getting out of bed. All I want to do is listen to droney music and stare at my phone. Podcasts are starting to bore me. Playing music or read doesnt hold my attention...Its like my reward system is rewired to respond to short term rewards. No idea how to fix it...I noticed that I hate to feel big. Thats how normal people feel good. To me it feels bad. Feeling big means others are going to challange me and put me down...So Im not sure what to do. My neighbors make fun of me when I excercise. They pick on me when Im feeling good. So its best to feel nothing until I can move again in a few months...Idk. Life is lame and everyone is a bully.
I feel ya. The honeymoon period is over for me. I know that to sustain this I need to deal with my other problems. Having said that this deserves some  be good to yourself  self talk. Drinking will kill you and fucking destroy your life. The internet is a time sinkhole that you may regret but it's not nearly as destructive as booze
