-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8mqzk0/feeling_sober_at_one_year_sober/

My last drink was one year ago today... at the six-month mark I wrote a long post about the journey to that point: [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7g1k1a/6_months_sober_today/?st=JHQC7XEI&amp;sh=88b13f44). For some reason at one year I am feeling much more cautious and humbled. ..At six months I felt a boost of energy and a rush from all the short-term wins. At one year I think I have a greater appreciation for how giving up alcohol is not the finish line but really just the start of a much longer journey. Giving up alcohol does not solve your problems it just allows you to confront them more squarely. Depression family of origin turmoil work stress  social anxiety other addictions (love work food porn gambling) the challenge of making meaning in the world/confronting mortality etc. Being sober does not solve these for you but it does give you the chance to solve them for yourself...I also approach this milestone with some trepidation. For so long I have set one year as my goal. I've often probably on a weekly basis considered the option of starting to drink again after the  one-year cleanse.  Surely I can drink in moderation now   one drink here or there at a special occasion or work event. A voice in my head still yearns for a drink on Friday eve to take the edge off the week. Yesterday I listened to the This Naked Mind podcast episode 73 with Ruari Fairbairns describing his approach to drinking again in moderation post-sobriety but  doing it intentionally.  With rules. If he decides he wants to drink for a long weekend at a wedding he accepts the fact that he will be hungover and maybe have his anger flare up and maybe be a bad dad for a few days. And maybe then he imposes a new 30-day period of sobriety if he feels he needs it. ..I am all for everyone finding their own path but for me personally I call bullshit on this approach. I know it wouldn't work for me   the decision-maker post-drinking wouldn't be the same person as the decision-maker pre-drinking. It all sounds and feels messy. And I call bullshit on the voice in my head that contemplates the Friday eve drink or treating this year as a  cleanse . I know in my heart that starting to drink again would slowly spiral back out into the slow erosion of my self. I know in my heart that the only way forward is to keep going down this path of sobriety even though it is often not easy...The victories from my six-month post are largely still intact. I just finished reading another great classic book and continue to build my library. I've picked up a new musical instrument. Work is going well. I'm saving money...Struggles remain though. Relationships of all varieties continue to pose their own unique challenges. How to self-parent not be love avoidant endorse the self and not seek the approval of others   these are things I wrestle with on a daily basis. Sometimes feeling just ok is good enough for a given day...Therapy and meditation have helped me learn that thoughts create feelings and that gaining more control over your thoughts can pay huge dividends in how you feel. I have tried to slow down rapid repetitive negative thought processes and now try to observe them distance from them displace them with a neutral thought or mantra and ultimately try to replace them with a more affirming thought. This has definitely helped to reduce my anxiety and reactivity and has helped build a more solid and peaceful inner core. Sitting on the curb after a jog last week and meditating on a beautiful warm day focusing solely on the receding colors that I saw under my eyelids I felt a joy percolate up in my body in a way I haven't felt in a long time...Even with meditation though nothing is entirely easy. I find if I sit too long it can burn through my willpower for the day. And it can sometimes lead to a self-consciousness that actually doesn't feel good. In recovery balance in all things is key. Often after mediating I crave just losing myself in an activity. Making pottery the other night for example. ..Throughout the year I have often pondered the question: with what does one replace alcohol? Alcohol fills a void. Without alcohol the void consumes you if you don't act. Here's what I have collected so far: exercise reading writing driving being in nature playing music listening to live music making arts and crafts movies/art films team sports getting together with friends going to museums. And drinking lots of club soda and lime La Croix and whatever Trader Joe's similar generic knockoff drink is...As I head in to day 366 I would love any advice people have for how to orient thinking about making the transition from year 1 in recovery into the next stretch. Did you change your thinking in any way at this point or set your sights on something new? I'm sure part of the answer is the same as always   taking things one day at a time. I am grateful for all of you out there and I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Great post and congrats on your milestone!..I'm right behind you don't let me catch you up!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats George! Sounds like you're doing very well. You're an inspiration. 
 I can relate to most of what you have written here. The temptation to attempt drinking in moderation is strong I have to constantly remind myself it's not worth the risk even if I truly believe I could do it it's not worth going back to drinking. It's helps to read posts like yours to keep myself in check on that front. I certainly don't have any advice just a thanks for your nicely articulated post.
Do you have any books on this topic you are reading now or planning on reading?
Thanks for sharing your insight. It's helpful to those of us just starting on the road.  :)
For me the transition of your mindset as you get further along your journey of sobriety goes from thinking each day as an obstacle to avoid getting drunk to each day is an opportunity to live sober. What I mean by that is you get to enjoy the fruits of sober living everyday - being healthier physically not putting strain on relationships bc of drinking saving money etc. all the benefits of living sober and I think of those benefits I sacrifice if I were to start drinking again. I'm not thinking of the not drinking as the sacrifice anymore. I know the first year was the hardest for me but the habits I built during that first year are second nature to me now in year 4. I can tell you've built an awesome foundation and the longer you keep all those healthy behaviors up the easier they get. It gets to the point where maintaining your sobriety doesn't drain all your energy and willpower for the day. That's brainpower you can apply elsewhere in your life. My motivation was never goal centered like yours going for one year clean so my mindset was that sober is what I want to be todaySober is what I want to be for my future. Sorry I rambled a bit - hope there is something you can take away from it. You're a rockstar keep it up!
Congratulations on your 1 year and thank you for posting the update : )...From your six month post do you still hold the view that *I am more and more believing that issues of addiction are maladies of emotional connection. When I was trying to avoid my feelings the main one I wanted to avoid was a feeling of loneliness and disconnection.*? I'm reading Russel Brand's *Recovery* and it's a theme and observation he touches on a lot and I think I'm starting to realize this is a large component of why I drank. Curious as to your thoughts on this idea and how it evolved between 6 and 12 months.
Congratulations man inspiration 
Ps don't change your thinking it's worked so far. Don't over think it one day at a time reap the benefits of sobriety. 
Thank you. This is a very inspiring post. Saved.
I planned on one year before I made any decisions about drinking again or not. When I hit one year I really felt like I was just scratching the surface of something. I needed one more year to make a decision...When I hit two years I looked back and I had achieved 2000% more than I had planned as of day one. What can alcohol improve here? Maybe it's a coincidence maybe I would have gotten all of those things anyway. But I am not willing to risk what I have obtained so far to spend a lifetime second-guessing every little sip I take of some random substance. I'm not waiting for year 3. I'm just not. going. to. drink. anymore...It reminds me of a dinner a few months back. My husband is allergic to shellfish and hadn't been exposed to it since he was a child. We were at a Joe's Crab Shack and he ate some of the potatoes and corn from my shrimp boil (cooked in same pot). We wanted to see what would happen. Spoiler alert his throat swelled up and he broke out in hives. I don't know what either of us were expecting. He'd grown out of it I guess? This just illustrates to me that I don't need to try drinking again. Even to "moderate". I know what it looks like. Research complete.
