-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n102f/errr_any_idea_when_ill_be_able_to_safely_be/

Welp... that sucked.  ...I was dog sitting a friend's dog over Memorial Day weekend \- Thursday through Monday.   They have a massive full bar in the house.  And by Friday evening I found myself drinking it.  Just me a dog and probably 65 different liquor bottles.  Needless to say it got really bad really quickly.  \(I didn't ruin shit or anything but I could have\).  ...I should have known this was inevitable. In fact I wonder if subconsciously I always knew this would happen?  I mean like 30 days of sobriety and I put myself into this situation.... and I failed massively.  ...I have a lot of sadness around this.  More than the obvious post relapse sadness it's just this scary realization that I apparently can't do things like dogsit for a friend because I am not safe in any environment with alcohol.  I mean I'm 38... and apparently I need fucking supervision?  ...I'm worried I am destined for a life where I need to be in constant worry of myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welp it sucked but you came back...I stuck to dry people / dry places (yes I made sure there was no alcohol present before I went anywhere). It was my way of protecting my sobriety - making it my *priority*...I wouldn't call it 'supervision' dear Grapefruit; rather I'd think of it as *using caution* :).
IDK friend. I've had alcohol in my house this whole time (now over 4 months) and it hasn't bothered me much. But I think my last time going through withdrawals was just so fucking scary that I am FINALLY scared straight at 45 years old. ..A lot of people on this sub practice "dry people/dry places" and I think that's a great idea especially for those of us who are just starting. Although I've had alcohol in my house I refuse to go to a bar and that's because the thought of being at a place that's made for the specific purpose of alcohol consumption is just too much for me. You have to figure out what works and doesn't for you and it looks like the research is in now as regards open full bars for you-- does not work. ..Get yourself a badge from the sidebar and get going again. We all have had slips and now you've had yours. Get right back on the wagon. This time you'll stay the course. :)
They say once a pickle never a cucumber or something like that.  If you've been pickled eh maybe never.  
I know! I was cat sitting and looking at there liquor cabinet thinking mmmmm vodka. Then I remembered that time I knocked my front teeth out on a curb from being so wasted and it was like a slap in the face. Haha. Was that a pun? I didn't indulge. I haven't been out in public yet. I wish you luck and I believe in you!
it took me about 6 months before I could be around booze and people drinking again.  Just remember to take your time with it.  There is no need to rush something that needs to be done correctly and on your terms.  
I can totally relate.  Don't kick yourself too much \- it's the committee in your brain that folks refer to all the time on this site \- They argue over drinking or not and with such a delicious smorgasbord presented the yes votes squeaked out a win.  But only the battle not the war.  I try to think about my 'committee' and how they might react to different situations.  But I'm still pretty terrified to do anything in public and I plan like the dickens when I have to go somewhere where I know there will be lots of drinking.  So for me anyway planning is the key \- of course that's assuming you know what you're facing...
i think every relapse teaches us what works for us and what doesn't. we have a full bar in the house but it's sort of irrespective of my sobriety - if i make a choice to drink i will go and buy some alcohol. convenience doesn't really play into it much. ..still now i have moments and days where i am severely tempted and it's only playing it forward and doing my damndest to resist the temptation to take my first drink that stops me in my tracks. i don't know if those urges will ever go away but i do know they have gotten fewer and farther between the longer i go without drinking...try to take this as a lesson learned and use it to go forward again. you can do this. IWNDWYT!
For me I had to create a lot of barriers between me and drinking... and keeping booze out of my house and not going to bars were necessary barriers in order for me to succeed in early sobriety. I am also a capable 37 yr old person. However putting myself in those situations wasn't worth the risk. It doesn't mean you can't do these things forever just not right this moment. I was at an event the other day and I didn't even *notice* there was a full / open bar. It does get easier just not as quickly as we want it to. Glad you are back at it and reflecting on this event. Learn from it and move forward stronger in your conviction. IWNDWYT
Most of my friends - at least those I try to keep around right now - aren't heavy drinkers and will be content with a drink or two...Since they are mostly sober it was actually them who noticed and told me I had a problem. So I'm a lot around people who know I don't drink who know why I don't drink and who are proud of me because of that and tell me...I've been on several parties since a few work outings that usually involve beer (Hi from Germany I guess) and even a wedding. Most of those events when the beers were cracked open or the cocktails made I've had a few alcohol-free Pilsener and excused myself once people started talking loudly...I do try hard not to have anything at home though and also I haven't met my friends who are heavily drinking since. But since I love the taste of beer I found the non-alcoholic kind to be my absolute lifesaver...All this goes to say I don't know how you react to the mere presence of alcohol but with the right people I found it absolutely doable. Now I'm just scared of football (soccer for you Americans) season to start again.
Playing it forward is probably this sub's mantra. I know that starting with one drink ends with no irresponsibility money problems embarrassment and withdrawals.  ..I keep that in mind whenever I get tempted (like today!) acknowledge my temptations and move on.  ..My office is a liquor closet and I'm around drinkers at work so its not like alcohol is just going to disappear. I can control my choice not to drink and that's empowering as fuck.
If something similar happened to me I would examine my thoughts about the liquor/bar prior to making to the decision to drink it. Did I think "ooh look alcohol. I can drink a shot. No one is here no one would know. I just need to relax" or did I think "oh alcohol. Not for me. Man if I drank some of that I could really make myself sick hurt someone shirk my duties as a dog sitter and set off a binge." Maybe my thoughts wouldn't be word for word but something similar...I happen to live in an area with easy alcohol delivery within 10-20 minutes. There is a gas station less than a block away. I often house sit for my sponsor who has a normie wife and beer in the fridge and liquor in the cubboards. I joined my normie husband at a bar a few days ago to celebrate a friend's birthday. He had some fun cocktails I had soda and lime. He doesn't keep alcohol in the house but if he did I wouldn't mind. I can get alcohol whenever I want easily. I can't hide from it. It's on me to correct my thinking and be in a healthy self-preserving mindset at all times. If I want to take care of myself so that I can live a healthy life and have healthy relationships I can't drink. No ifs buts just-this-times or exceptions. I had to learn a new way of living and thinking from others who did it successfully before me.
I have been there!..I once cat sat for some people and drank 2 bottles of their wine and a generous sampling of hard liquors from their liquor cabinet. I ended up replacing all of it and the homeowners never knew but the *guilt* and the *shame* made me feel like such an asshole. I don't normally even like wine or hard liquor but that time I sure did...Fast forward two years to the past two weeks where I cat sat again and was in a house with a full wine cellar and liquor cabinet. Did I drink any of it? Not a single drop. ..There is hope my friend!..A couple things that helped me...1. Completely dissociating alcohol with pleasure. It's a toxin that destroys people...2. Having alternatives readily available. Bubly (La Croix type drink) was on sale at the store near the house. I bought several packs and had them on hand and ready. It was worth hauling two 12-packs up the hill...3. Find other things to do. I cleaned the bathroom one night because I was feeling a bit on edge. Bathroom was already clean I just made it cleaner. ..4. Spend time on /r/stopdrinking ..5. I went to an AA meeting and told folks what was up. Telling someone really helped me stay accountable to myself.
