-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n4lwc/im_exhausted/

I'm exhausted with being exhausted. I'm tired of starting over I'm tired of this shame that I feel every time I relapse. I know it's because I'm slipping into another episode of depression and I'm trying so hard to climb out of that hole before I fall all the way down but it's tough and I just feel tired..Today is day 2 again and I will not drink. I know I need to start somewhere and this is it... But I just needed to vent real quick for my sanity. .Thanks for reading and hoping the best for you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Yup. Yes. I feel you. .I was supposed to go to a meeting after 2 years of not going. Instead I say drank.
I know the feeling. It IS possible to climb out of that hole. If I can do it so can you. Hang in there.
Vent away.. we're here 24/7..Hope you have a great eve..IWNDWYT 
I feel you. It can be hard to start all the repetitive positive actions everyone talks about in recovery when we are so damn exhausted. I quit alcohol at the same time as subutex and other drugs some prescribed and was totally roached for a while. I didn't have much energy to start working on myself for a couple months honestly.   .  .But if you can start a few of the good actions while feeling so crappy you will only have more resolve to rock them once your energy comes back. It can seem nearly impossible but if you make yourself push through the future will only be better for you. But it's OK to take it slow if that is what you need.   .  .For me depression was a given. My receptors had been so dependent and juiced on other things that they were depleted and not working correctly afterwards. It takes a while for them to heal and things like exercise nutrition rest hydration helped me a great deal. It was definitely a struggle to push myself though.  .  .Wishing you the best path forward!
You can do this. This time is YOUR time to take back the control. Rooting for you!
I feel you. The shame spiral is real &amp; it's fucking exhausting. The book This Naked Mind helped me get sober &amp; this sub helps keep me sober. IWNDWYT
Glad you are here. Be kind to yourself. I will not drink with you today.
