-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n624c/day_66_and_losing_housing_still_sober/

I received word today that my humble low income apartment in a tiny town in a rural area has been shut down by city council and I have 5 days to be out...I came out here on a Greyhound Bus with a bag and a guitar six months ago because rent was extremely low. Got sober 2 months ago. I've been on a fixed income for a year due to disability...Instead of drinking or freaking out I just prayed &amp; surrendered it all to my HP wrote a gratitude list and then prayed for people I know still suffering in addiction. Acceptance is the answer to my problems today...I also am 17 years bulimic but I have 22 days binge/purge free and though tempted I did not relapse tonight...Though I'm not sure what the solution may be I know there is one and I am grateful to be alive &amp; sober today. Tomorrow will bring what tomorrow brings...IWNWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That does sound scary.  Great job keeping your resolve.  Having a clear mind and a great attitude could mean the difference between having this be a blessing in disguise or having it be the last straw.  You got this!  You can work hard to find a good alternative and make a brave move.  I have faith in you...IWNDWYT
Yep going with blessing in disguise. but it is scary. Thank you so much. This brought up a lot of memories about all my recent rock bottoms. But this doesn't have to be a bottom if I approach it with courage peace &amp; a dash of faith.
You are amazing and how you handled the stress is incredible poised and graceful if I've ever witnessed. We get out of ourselves and give good vibes to those who are suffering and we will fill back up with good vibes. I wish you the best sending you excellent vibes to overcome your situation and I certainly will not drink with you today  
Sounds like you have a great perspective on all of this. You sound like a very strong person. You will be okay. \&lt;3 ..I also struggle with bulimia and 22 days without a binge \+ purge is AMAZING. I hope you know how inspiring I find you...I binged \+ purged last night after a 6 year hiatus and am presently feeling really low. ..Will keep you in my prayers today. Sending you lots of love.
Wow this is a lot to handle. It would be for anyone with or without a substance abuse problem or eating disorder. I hope you have sober support - use that phone list reach out on chat whatever you need. I used to have a HUGE problem asking for help but I now know that I can help others stay sober even by needing help myself...If you are danger of losing housing for a while making a plan and tying up loose ends even with just a few days notice can go a long way. A donated car and a gym membership kept me off the actual pavement and somewhat safe and warm in early sobriety. Good luck.
