-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n7tw0/100_days/

This past weekend my husband and I got the kayaks out and went to the lake. We carried the down an incline and walked through mud and finally got them in the water. I struggled a bit to figure out what I was doing. I was working so hard to make the kayak do what I wanted even against the waves being created by the boats and jet skis on the water. My husband looked over at me and told me to relax and float. To just be present. ..I took a big breath and set the paddle across my lap and just floated. I was scared I'd float too far and panic. Or get in the way of the jet skis. Or tip. I have a hard time trusting the process of things going on in my life. But I did what he said and realized that some quick small moves with the paddle kept me where I needed to be. I relaxed into the moment of what we were doing and realized that by slowing down I knew what to do...I looked over at him and said "Being sober is pretty great. I never would have done this while I was drinking". And I wouldn't have. I would have started drinking and lost interest in doing anything but drinking. Or I would have been hungover and made an excuse why I couldn't go. ..I drank because I thought it was where my life was. I thought the loud music the crowds the late nights were what gave me a social life and something to talk about. Until I drank so much I didn't really want to tell people about it. And I started downplaying the night before. Or hiding it completely. ..I ran a 5K last week on my 90th day sober. It began raining at the start and by 1 mile I was drenched and it rained the whole 3.1 miles. I had moments where I was uncomfortable and wanted to quit. I told myself over and over "You only quit when it hurts too much to keep going" It never hurt too much and I ran across the finish line a soaking muddy mess. And I cried. I wrapped my arms around my husband and kept saying "I'm sober. I did this sober. I'm doing this sober" ..When I reset my badge for the last time on February 20th 2018 I had no idea what life held for me. I had no idea what I was doing or if this was even possible. I just knew I was so tired and needed something new. I only knew I had to stay sober one day at a time. That was a saying I hated in the past but now means so much to me. Just right now. Just today. ..When people ask me how I stay sober I tell them I did one thing: I changed everything. I changed how I viewed fun and what I do when things hurt or feel really good. I changed how I view celebrations. I changed how I handle anger. I stopped accepting that a craving was the boss of my life and meant I had to drink. I started accepting that I had a choice in how I lived my life. I began to understand that my choices have consequences. For myself and others. ..I owned up to things Said sorry a lot to others but mainly myself. ..I stopped drinking and got to know myself. And it wasn't always pretty. So I started making changes within myself. If I made a promise to do something I show up. If I am upset I say it and don't yell anymore. If I want to tell a lie to avoid being uncomfortable I work to tell the truth instead. ..I'm not perfect by any means but I'm more willing to face it sober. I still get in a bad mood or want things my way and get frustrated things don't go my way. But I am also kinder more present reliable and calm. ..I also stopped being so damned arrogant and believing I know everything and don't need anyone else or their input. I chose to get sober. That choice was mine. But I didn't do it alone nor would I want to. Sobriety reminds me a lot of the race I ran last weekend. I am the one running it putting in the work but it's a lot better with all the people on the sidelines letting me know I can do it. I am doing it. To keep going. ..Sobriety hasn't been a walk in the park. It's definitely been more of a run in a thunderstorm. But it's also given me the life I have always wanted and for that I am grateful. ..100 fucking days! Hell yeah! ..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Great post. Thank you. And Congratulations! IWNDWYT. 
Great post!! I am putting this one in my saved collection! Congrats on 100 days!
Bloody well done. I'm so happy for you. Xx
Awesome!
  IWNDWYT 
YAY! I loved reading your post...IWNDWYT
Congrats and continued succes to you
You are a writer Shellie!!!! This is so well said - going to save it!!!! Congrats to you on 100 !!! Want to know something ?- it just keeps getting better!!!! Yay sobriety -   tis the bomb!!!!!!
Congratulations on 100 days and the 5k! Running is my ally in sobriety.  IWNDWYT 
Hey!! Good for you! This post gives me so much hope that I can hit 100 days too :\-D Cheering you on! 
Congratulations. This is beautiful to read and I hope you refer to it when you're having rough patches...I just want to add that "run in a thunderstorm" is a great analogy and I'm going to use it a lot moving forward.
Beautifully said MzShellerae I too have approached my 100 days and life has been wonderful. We are strong we are sober I will no drink with you today friend! 
This makes me so happy and hopeful! IWNDWYT!
Thanks for this wonderful post. Your reflections are inspiring. Congratulations on 100 days!
Day 24 here and this post really hit home to me and made me start to cry. Which is something I also never did when drinking. It's nice to have feelings and emotions again!! 
Well done.   What a fantastic post and I can really relate to it...When drinking nothing else seems interesting.   Completely takes over.  
Day 24 here and this post really hit home to me and made me start to cry. Which is something I also never did when drinking. It's nice to have feelings and emotions again!! 
Way to own it! You are awesome. IWNDWYT 
I'm still a little emotional in my recovery so I'll admit your post made me tear up a bit. I too am finding the things that aren't so pretty but they are what they are and some can be changed while others need to be accepted...Congratulations MzShelle. I'm so proud of you!! Keep kicking ass and we will all be here to celebrate with you...IWNDWYT 
Good stuff.  SAVED.  IWNDWYT.
Thank you!! I'm working on changing my viewpoint around alcohol how I view fun etc. too. What a process!
Also hit 100 today. Feels pretty good dunnit.
Great Job!!!
Congrats mzshelle!!!!!!! So proud of you for the work you're doing now to have that sober life you want. ..;addpoint YOU
CONGRATS ON 100!!!! You have worked so hard to get here. I am so freaking proud of you. Despite all the challenges and all the hard shit you have faced it with grace and courage and stayed fucking sober. &lt;3 you shelle. Now go and eat some cake girl. &lt;3
