-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8n9uqo/i_have_learned_a_lot_over_the_past_6_days/

I gave up drinking 6 days ago. ..Quick info on me: M24 wife two kids (3 &amp; 4)...I'm not sure if I would have been considered an alcoholic but I would drink 3-4 beers almost every day for the past few years. Didn't ever get drunk unless I pounded them. I read mixed things online about it. I figured I would be better off mentally if I considered myself an alcoholic..the thing I never wanted to be...I've been struggling with really bad acid reflux for a few years now. That is magically gone. I haven't taken any Tums in 6 days...I used to have BMs like 5 times a day. Now its only 1 or 2...I quit drinking the other night because I had some realization after I finished my 4th tall boy that there was no reason for me to be drinking. I kept asking myself why I felt the need. ..I also take depression medication which specifically says on the back to "not drink any alcohol." So I don't even think my medication has been working correctly...Alcoholism is pretty bad in my family. My dad broke that cycle though. His dad actually drank himself to death...Why did I drink? Well stress probably. I liked the way it made me feel numb to the world after coming home from work. It is a lot more fun to play video games while drinking. ..I thought about trying to "wean myself off" but I figured that I wouldn't be able to follow through with that. ..I've been dealing with the boredom by doing homework before its due rather than doing it last minute..which feels awesome. I have been trying to spend more quality time with my wife and kids as well. ..Sparkling water has also helped me a lot...Am I done with alcohol completely? Probably not. But I will be for a long time. At least until I know I have enough self control to only get one IPA at the bar every once in a while. I plan for a minimum of 6 months but I honestly don't really have a minimum. I just want to see how it affects my body and get out of the habit of drinking so much. I really do enjoy a good IPA but I figure there are more important things in life to worry about than beer...I'm going to get my brother to stop drinking as well. I told him about it already but he is in Ireland at the moment with his wife so I told him to go ahead and enjoy himself while he is there...I just wanted to say thank you to this subreddit for giving me enough reasons to stop drinking. I honestly probably wouldn't have done it without you guys. Reddit has been my go to now for a few years for ANY question or problem I have. I like seeing real people's responses to real life issues...Thanks again guys/gals. I appreciate you all.
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like you have learned a lot in 6 days. It will only get better from here. IWNDWYT 
I freaking loved IPAs and all the fancy beers started drinking them in '02 long before they all got got over-saturated in the public eye. Now? Can't stand beer. I switched to wine and then hard liquor and I didn't like that much either. So drinking went from enjoyment for me to excessive over-consumption that I don't even enjoy at all. I'm not talking about just the obvious physical effects (hangovers bloat weight gain) I'm saying I don't even like the taste at all. But yet I still drank something I would never have done if I caught myself early...Good luck figuring it all out. You're right this sub is amazing and I wish I had discovered it sooner..
You're off to a flying start by the sounds of it!..Addictive tendencies can certainly run in families and it's a progressive condition... Nobody *starts* out at the end stage to get to that point can takes years even decades.... As *tolerance* to the drug alcohol develops 3 or 4 can easily turn into 5 or 6 or even more as the addiction and its consequences get worse and worse.....I adored IPA's too that was my favourite but unfortunately I'm one of those people who can't do alcohol in moderation so I stick to *none* and it's no great loss!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....Congrats on your 1-week milestone tomorrow keep it up!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
