-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nappb/ive_reached_my_bottom_and_im_suicidal/

I'm 24 and I've been a drunk for a decade already. I had one month sober earlier this year then I ruined it. I'm sick of scaring myself my family and friends. I'm sick of not remembering. I'm sick of feeling completely humiliated to even be breathing right now. I have an incredibly supportive father but I don't even reach out when I need to. It's always just a long talk when I get caught drunk and I can't even remember shit the next day. I feel like my life is pointless. I'm sick of hurting myself and everyone. I'm laying on my couch right now sobbing even struggling to form thoughts. I want to die. I mean I know I don't really want to die I just want the shit to stop. I'm a liar manipulator cheater and a thief. I'm going to end up dead or in jail if I don't stop. I have depression but I'm medicated so I only feel depressed or suicidal when I'm drinking. Why do I do this to myself.... maybe I should stop thinking of it as me doing this to myself because it is a disease an addiction. I feel so trapped and alone. At least I never went for hard liquor this time I guess. I'm almost 25 and have nothing to show for it. No degree no job nothing. I'm. A waste of space. I just want to be happy again. Or die at this point. I'm so broken. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Sorry to hear you're hurting matey!..I was having suicidal thoughts too at the end of my drinking years good job I never acted on them before I got sober... I don't feel like that any more.....It often takes a few goes for sobriety to stick and it's much easier with the right knowledge tools and support so don't beat yourself up for having slipped up... If whatever you've tried so far hasn't worked try something else and keep trying!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....Have you thought about trying AA or SMART or seeking help from a doctor or addictions therapist that sort of thing?..There is hope and we can recover even if it doesn't feel like it right now.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I wanted to die before I got sober.  I thought there never be any hope for me.  Now everything has changed.  I am full of hope and life.  ..Things can change. Before doing anything please get help or call The National Suicide Prevention Line at 1-800 273-8255..Your life is worth so much.  Things can change.  The way we see things can change.  Please hang on.  I'm rooting for you!  
Sorry to hear you're having such a rough time. The most important thing right now is to make sure you are safe. Can you stay with your dad? If you are feeling suicidal you shouldn't be on your own. I don't know which country you are in but I would suggest that tomorrow you go to your doctor and explain how you are feeling . Your doctor may be able to change your medication or put you on a high priority list to see a therapist  or may suggest some inpatient treatment. Whatever your doctor suggest we are all here for you  and we believe you can do this. 
What soberrunner just said. Please don't hurt yourself. You are part of this dysfunctional but fucking awesome online family. We want you with us! 
Update: just puked everywhere listened to an AA podcast. Trying to not get too excited about being sober because when I do and it wears off I just slip up again. I'll be fine. 
I felt like this too. Then I went to meetings got a sponsor told my friends and family I was now a non-drinker found a meaning for my life gained a greater appreciation for the universe and our place in it became more conscious and now I feel calm and capable of tackling my personal issues one at a time such as finding a suitable career pursuing my passions gaining financial stability and building a family and community. Its like night and day. Just remember that feelings are temporary thoughts are not facts and there exists inside you unlimited capability for change and growth. Just make the first step and do the most healthy thing you can for yourself right now which is to quit drinking. You may relapse several times before it sticks (i did) but remember how you feel now and keep trying. You can do it! It gets better. 
On the way to the ER now yall. Might have to detox.... it can only get better from here!
