-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nnzz6/struggling_with_cravings_lately/

So for the first few weeks after my last drink (day 3-30ish maybe?) I had no desire to drink whatsoever. I'm literally around booze at least 40 hours a week at my job but I wasn't tempted. My thoughts about alcohol were more focused on sobriety and how much better I felt since I quit how bad alcohol is etc. The past week or so however has been a different story. I've really been having to white-knuckle through a couple of hard days in particular. Especially when I'm off work and have nothing in particular to focus my mind and energy on. I find myself romanticizing the thought of having a glass of wine on my balcony or just flat-out wanting to say "fuck it" and get a pint of liquor. And the thought that my drinking really wasn't *that* bad keeps entering my mind even though it definitely was. Or better yet the thought that alcohol *itself* isn't THAT bad which it definitely is--or none of us would be here! It's crazy. I guess it might be a result of how normalized it is in my daily offline life. Everyone I know drinks and I haven't found any meetings close by that fit into my schedule yet...or when I do something inevitably comes up and I don't go. I guess that's something else to work on because I think it's going to be hard to stay sober without a local support group...Anyways so far I've been hanging in there and using my tools to avoid actually drinking but I have no idea where these cravings are suddenly coming from and I'm terrified I'll eventually give in. Staying busy does help of course but I really want to be able to just sit and relax without feeling like something's missing. I haven't gotten this many days AF in over 2 years and it would feel super shitty to have to start over. Every day that I wake up I'm grateful I didn't cave and drink the previous night but as the day goes on I get more and more restless and bored. It's also probably worth mentioning that I haven't been completely sober from alcohol AND weed for more than like a week in probably 10 years...which is actually kind of mind-boggling. The clarity and physical effects of my newfound sobriety are great but I gotta admit it is starting to get a little boring....I know I'm not alone so that's why I'm reaching out. Feel free to share if you're feeling the same way or how you got through rough spots. I wouldn't be sober right now if it wasn't for this sub and my other online recovery group so thank you guys for being here. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

When I was starting out I don't know that I thought I was doing this but I would indulge something else usually food. Now for me it's chocolate. Or sugar anything.
A few quotes that you inspired my to share. Best wishes..."Sometimes you wear a mask so long you forget who you were beneath it." -V For Vendetta.."Daemons... they don't stop working. They're always active. ..They seduce. They manipulate. They own us. ..And even though you're with me even though I created you it makes no difference. We all must deal with them alone. ..The best we can hope for... the only silver lining in all of this... is that when we break through we find a few familiar faces waiting on the other side." -Mr. Robot.."My father picked me up from school one day and we played hooky and went to the beach. ..It was too cold to go in the water so we sat on a blanket and ate pizza. ..When I got home my sneakers were full of sand and I dumped it on my bedroom floor. ..I didn't know the difference. ..I was six. ..My mother screamed at me for the mess but he wasn't mad. ..He said that billions of years ago the world shifting and the oceans moving brought that sand to that spot on the beach and then I took it away. .."Every day" he said "we change the world" which is a nice thought until I think about how many days and lifetimes I would need to bring a shoe full of sand home until there is no beach until it made a difference to anyone. ..Every day we change the world but to change the world in a way that means anything that takes more time than most people have. ..It never happens all at once. ..It's slow. ..It's methodical. ..It's exhausting. ..We don't all have the stomach for it."..
I snack like crazy to satisfy the sugar craving. Ice cream chocolate covered soda the occasional soda. Last few days it's been calming down and I've started drinking la croix more than soda. But I had an iced mocha today w lunch and it was the most delicious thing ever. I suggest snacking; overall I figure I'm missing a lot of empty calories so it's okay. I've also added more salads to my diet; I am craving them too.
I really think there's something about the second and third month that really suck. I've seen a lot of posts like this lately from people with 25-50ish days. And the same was definitely true for me. I always started struggling at about the one mark. It took me 3 tries to get to 90 days and I'll be honest I white-knuckled it the entire third month.  That's not to discourage you but just to tell you that you are not alone...I think after about a month you have just enough time to start forgetting about how bad it was. I found myself feeling myself very frustrated and stuck. Our minds and bodies are incredible in that they always have a way of letting you know something needs attention. Physical damage causes pain. If you don't put sufficient nutrients in your body or don't get enough sleep you feel sluggish. For me feeling stuck frustrated and unhappy was my brain telling me  hey you need to change up your routine because it's not working for you anymore. ..So I did. Real life support has been a game changer. If going to meetings isn't realistic for you there might be other ways. I started doing things I normally wouldn't do. I started reaching out to people. I accepted invitations I normally would have made excuses to decline like  I'm too tired.  I got vulnerable and opened up to people. By doing all of those things I started to slowly fill up that emptiness inside of me...Obviously I can only speak for what helped me but if anything I hope sharing my experience with you can be of some value. Hang in there! This too shall pass.
What's helpful for me is to really critically think through the fantasy. I'll think I want something I don't "really" want and I have to figure out why that is. For example I've been feeling pretty lonely lately (new city whatever) and I find that cravings often take the form of this fantasy where I'm surrounded by people making connections oh and of course also feeding an addiction of some kind. So what is is that the glass of wine is promising you? Time to relax? Companionship? Are there other ways to get that thing. Often I find once I identify *why* I am wanting to indulge the craving goes away right at that moment.
I did some reading on PAWS. Just Wikipedia. It's fascinating to read how during this time our brains are adjusting to the new chemical levels. GABA and what not. .I find the brain stuff fascinating. so one motivator for me is that I don't want to sully the experiment by drinking. .Also probably PAWS explains maybe why the cravings increase around this time.
