-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8noi88/when_one_relapses_after_a_good_run_without_an/

Strangely after I read "Alcohol Explained" I was both inspired/excited about sobriety and eager to drink and I did. But there is no obvious sense in which I can identify that book as a trigger or at least I can't grasp it as one. If anyone has read that book I'd be eager to hear what you think. But more generally: have any of you had trouble identifying what it was that made you relapse? And if so were you able to identify later what it was and if so how? simply by continuing to exert analytical pressure on each event of that day? Have some of you simply chalked it up to mystery and forged ahead? or is that a recipe for another failure?
----------immediate responses--------

I've read that book and can't say that it specifically made me feel like drinking...However I used (to think) I enjoyed drinking while reading and have found that I sometimes drift off into thinking about it when reading in general. 
Sometimes I didn't have any particular reason I wanted to drink and I just chalked it up to habit or alcohol being an addictive substance.
For many years my whole existence was getting to the bottle.  That's most of what I thought about.  Given that there can be obvious triggers and triggers that come out of nowhere.  That's one of the reason drinking dreams are so common I think. If for years I spent all my time thinking about something it takes time to rewire those patterns.  ..I think accepting that yes triggers can come for seemingly no reason and having tools to deal with them when they do come is key.  My mantra is  Drinking is not as good as I think it is.   It's my reminder that my brain is not always a good judge of the reality of what drinking is actually like for me...Best wishes to you! IWNDWYT 
It's mental. I never really  looked forward' to drinking.... especially in the last few years when I've hit it hard.... HOWEVER now I've made the positive decision to try and remove alcohol from my life I think about it all the time :-(.And when I drank the last time a few days ago I did so because I thought I made a conscious decision  just this one last time'.3 bottles of wine later and I had a horrific day of anxiety the following day..I've put that episode down to habit and addiction and nothing more.... nothing triggered me to drink I just wanted to and gave in.  But I feel like I've learned from it too. Onwards and upwards one day at a time...IWNDWYT:-)
My theory is that reading stuff like that can scare our little lizard selves and make them want to dig in or rebel. The addicted part knows new info is coming in and threatening its existence and it gets all het up and thirsty. ..But I also don't think it's essential to know. Not always anyway. I have a tendency to overanalyze and to feel an urgency about not perceiving all angles of a situation but part of my healing is also learning to accept the fact that sometimes a cigar is just a cigar and not everything is necessarily rich with meaning. That can be freeing too. ..If there's meaning or insight there for you I trust that it will come in its time. You don't need it in order to face the sun and it does not stand between you.
