-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8npgd4/ive_been_thinking_about_drinking_a_lot_lately/

And I feel like I'm on the verge of a relapse... the scary thing is it doesn't scare me. Being sober has done some great things for me I don't even recognize the person I was but I also feel that it has served to ostracize me and I have never felt more lonely than I have over the last few years. I have very few friends and every time I meet new people there seems to be a divide/ a wall where they aren't able to allow themselves to get close. I haven't had a romantic relationship in almost 4 years and its not from lack of trying... I feel like a child sitting at the kids table wondering what all the adults are talking about... I feel like an alien who can't speak the same language... I don't fucking know where I am going with this but I need to put it out there or I'm going to lose my mind... and maybe I already have.
----------immediate responses--------

Remember what drove you to quit in the first place.  Remember you can still get depressed and anxiety none drinkers certainly do.  It's just the severity and consistency tend to be night/day between drinking and not drinking...Remember to do what's right for you and how quickly a bit of drinking usually turns into a LOT of drinking for people on this board.  Not once have I heard a story where it turned out well for someone to start again...Have you been to a therapist?  Perhaps getting evaluated and seeing if anti-depressants would be beneficial? ..We're all in this together and I really hope not to drink with you to day or any other day...You can get through it.
Maybe over-thinking and possibly trying too hard...It's counter-intuitive but when women know you've noticed them but then you act like you don't GAF if they're there or not...most of them at least want to know *why* you don't GAF about them...and the game is on.
Sorry to hear you're going through such a rough time. As you know alcohol won't solve any of those problems. It won't make you friends it won't make you feel good all the time and get rid of whatever's making you feel bad it won't do any of the things it whispers in your ear that it can. ..This feeling a wall between you and others why do you think the wall is there? One thing I've been working on recently is trying to be vulnerable around others. Alcohol made that easy but sober me really struggles with it. I either over-share completely or keep people at such a distance we can never connect. It's weird all these behaviours of mine that I haven't really seen in years because of drinking are just automatically being applied and honestly they make me come off as a psychopath. So I feel ya a bit on this post...I hope you keep reaching out for support talking to people who are close to you and find what you need to feel better and hopeful and re-learn your fear of a relapse.
One of the best things about AA is the worldwide fellowship of people who "get it". I m convinced that alcoholics *feel* more than most people. I fell alienated and alone both with I am actually alone and when I am with other people. I just see life differently. I don't want to have a discussion about how to control weeds in my yard or whether the Packers are going to have a good season or whatever superficial thing is happening next...What I have learned is that I only need a small handful of close friends for it to matter. I have also learned that those new friends are found through my hobbies and interests not some aimless effort to find friends. 
Part of the reason I started drinking was because I was lonely. I made all these  friends  at the bar and I thought I wasn't lonely anymore. It turns out none of those people were my friends. The girls just all talked trash about me when I wasn't around and pretended to be my friend so they could find out stuff about me to talk bad about. Several tried to sleep with my boyfriend or break us up. The men also just pretended to be my friends until they realized I wouldn't sleep with them. Alcohol will not find you any friends that are worth your time. .Stay strong. You don't need fake alcohol friends or alcohol!!!!
