-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nvkbb/what_it_was_like_and_what_happened_long/

From an early age I suffered from an overwhelming compulsion to not stand out and to stay low and to just get by.  For the most part these self-imposed rules kept me out of trouble and comfortable in these proverbial walls I leaned on...This lifestyle resulted in average grades few friends and untapped potential. Knowing full well I wasn't  college material  I enlisted in the Navy in 2003 and ended up in Japan. Around this time I discovered what spinach did for Popeye alcohol could do for me...With this new found confidence and validation in a can the world and all my ambitions came within reach. No longer was I timid to socialize with peers too afraid to let my desires be known. I could fit in with the best and worst off circles. Being in the military I had no problem finding others that thought and drank the way I did...Hangovers at the time were an occupational hazard fortunately I reserved my best drinking for the weekend where Sunday was known as a day of recovery and relaxation in my barracks. It was around this time I noticed that the people I drank with could function the next day. Sunday for me became a day of isolation regret and fear for the things I had said and done the night prior and the thought of these fears being realized by my peers kept me from going outside of my room for hours...Upon arriving in Tokyo I was picked up by a Filipino man from my squadron ( I had never seen a Filipino being from western Massachusetts.) He spoke great English but with his native accent. The ride to the base was about 3 hours and during this time he had forewarned of underage drinking. He said  it will be the most expensive drink of your life and cost you everything!  I nodded and agreed with him told him I was different and didn't drink much and surely wouldn't drink underage in the Navy I had a distinguished career ahead of me...I somehow managed to dodge trouble in Japan the drinking age was only 20 I was still 19. It wasn't long until I went on my first adventure. The USS Kitty Hawk would undergo a 6 month cruise and have port of call in South Korea Guam Hong Kong Singapore and Australia...What I believed would be an adventure felt more like a field trip. Every city I was in was chocked full of other sailors thousands of sailors. I did what I knew best drank. It was easy finding a group of friends to hit the town with. To this day I have no pictures or souvenirs from these countries just memories of barrooms. This once in a lifetime opportunity for 19 year old me just didn't register at the time. ..It was in Hong Kong where my alcoholism brought on consequence. After about the third bar we had hit my last memories were the Cuban cigar I had purchased and the wild turkey I picked up at a convenience store. From what I was told the morning after I had  shouted ramblings of insanity to anyone that would listen of how they were all communists and simply in the wrong. Two unfortunate comrades of mine had the honor of carrying me back onto the ship and into the berthing and lay me down in my rack to sleep it off they even posted an individual to keep watch over me to ensure I was done making trouble. ..The horror of the next day to learn of all the out of character actions I took the night before put me in a state of intense fear with no relief. My Executive officer at the time simply wanted to know why I drank so much to which I didn't have a reply. He gave me a stern warning to not do it again and I agreed that would be best for me and the Navy. ..The rest of the cruise went on without incident but I walked with shame and had fear this wasn't the end of my alcoholic escapades. A month before I turned 21 I was finally caught for underage drinking. In a drunken stupor I had somehow managed to fall off a bridge in Yokohama. It was this incident which lead to my discharge from the Navy. .At the time I was grateful the Navy surely didn't have what I was looking for in way of career or lifestyle. My potential was squandered on the stripping and waxing of floors scrubbing toilets and feeling my recruiter had wronged me severely...This had proven to be a greater consequence than I had realized. Even though it was a General Discharge under honorable conditions I had forfeited my GI Bill VA benefits (all of them) but I also had to make up stories for every job interview I had following my discharge!..From this point forward I had what I considered disposable jobs and relationships. The first things I wanted  to know about a job was how much it paid and what their attendance policy was. You see around this time I had discovered I could ward off a hangover by drinking more. Those feelings of impending doom could be delayed with just a few drinks. The unfortunate side effect of this was time travel not the fun kind. ..What once used to be a night of heavy drinking with the following day of  recovery  soon extended into days of finding that sweet spot of where I wasn't afraid to function but not too intoxicated where I couldn't function. After a few years of this I realized this magical spot of drinking was non-existent for me. I always overshot the mark. ..The feedback loop of active alcoholism is intense drink to feel normal drink to excess black out and function on autopilot wake up terrified try and remember the previous day unable to differentiate the truth from the false piece together events from my phone (if I still had it) where is my car my wallet. Looks like another apology your for the night before better take a few drinks so I can function without fear. Of course like the fool I was I drove everywhere and often. Rinse and Repeat. ..Calling out of work became an art form. Was it food poisoning insomnia maybe a death in the family? How often can a  healthy  mid 20 year old be sick and not dying of some terminal illness? Little did I know I was suffering from an untreated often fatal illness called alcoholism. ..When I did show up to work I worked hard! Surely my managers would see how valuable I was when I was healthy. Generally I was well liked every place I was employed it was always the concrete black and white policy of attendance that would do me in. No hard feelings of course ill take my talents else where where Ill be appreciated...After about ten years I had finally graduated with my four year degree in Business Management. You see it was tough scheduling active alcoholism recovery attendancework and studying. I would strategically drop out of classes to  preserve my GPA.  The excuses I used on my employers I would use on my professors   food poisoning grandmothers dying again etc.. I found when applying myself to studies I could achieve high marks. It was a matter of will power and discipline I believed to just not drink...Literally the week after graduation I was promoted at my job. With my khaki pants collared shirts and clipboard I had finally arrived. It was in this position I realized just how woefully unequipped I was with dealing with other people especially sober. Years of untreated fear and neurosis had made me into a walking stuttering uncertain skeleton of a ma that was too afraid to set expectations and hold others accountable. ....Fear got the better of me and I succumb to the drink with great relief in that moment I resolved to become stronger confident fearless and a real go-getter. When I came to three days later I decided to resign from my job. The shame was overwhelming and based on my performance I was certain it was the best solution for everyone ..Shortly after my loss of this job and a codependent girlfriend I had been seeing on and off for the last few years I had felt hopelessly lost. My ten year high-school reunion was to be hosted at a local bar. Somehow someway I was able to maintain a level of  normal  drinking but had seen some close friends of mine. ..These friends had developed families careers hobbies interests and an overall purpose in life. Looking at my situation left the feelings of failure and missing the bus in life. I left the reunion early that evening to drink at home to avoid any alcoholic consequences...Regaining conciseness the next day with a terrific hangover a beat up face and divot-like wound on my lower back I struggled to piece together what I had done after I left home from the bar. To my best recollection and the pool of blood next to my cellar stairs I surmised that I must have fallen down the stairs. I wasn't even safe from severe consequences even in isolation. ..Laying there in bed memories still fresh from the night before I wondered how it all went so wrong. I was voted  Most likely to make you smile  from my High school to a complete waste of a human being.  A single tear was all I could muster as it streaked across my scabbed and swollen face onto my pillow. I contemplated suicide it was only a matter of time before I hurt or killed someone else in a black out. This had to be the logical right solution anyone would sacrifice themselves to save an innocent life. This was a terrifying thought how could that be the only answer that makes sense?..What was I to do how do I get out of this void of despair. I laid there repeating  God help me..  over and over again and felt nothing. I had nothing to do that day being unemployed and unaccountable to anyone.  I spent the rest of that weekend recuperating and the following Monday attended an AA meeting. ..I was no stranger to AA my mom suggested I attend a meeting once before I left for the Navy and I had wandered into the rooms a few young people meetings to see if I had a place. None of those times gave me an impression AA was a solution to my way of life whether there was a lack of message or lack of listening I can't recall but the fellowship just didn't seem right to me at the time. ..But this time was different...
----------immediate responses--------

What an incredible story you have. I hope that one day I can objectively and critically assess the time I've spent drinking and reach the level of self awareness which you have. I trust you are much happier these days? Thank you for sharing . IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Wow. Just wow.   
Impacting story! Thank you for being strong enough for sharing! And thank you for fighting for yourself and your life!
You're a fighter and an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your story. :) 
This is beautiful. I want to read the rest!
Incredibly well written and riveting. Thank you for sharing your story. IWNDWYT
