-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nyivj/i_need_help_scared/

I've been on and off the for months I want this soooo bad. Today makes the begginning of another day one...The withdrawal right now has me sick and panicked I don't remember yesterday it's bad...Please someone that relapsed a lot tell me this is possible. I am begginning to think it's not possible. But a part of me knows it is Ive lost everything in my life my daughter friends family jobs... Sanity...I am so sick of being sick as they say in AA withdrawal is the worst and I am scared but it's time to change...I will not drink today with you guys thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

It's ok to feel scared and panicked. I just wanted you to know that this community is here for you and you are not alone. I will not drink with you today. 
I've been basically relapsing for the past 2-3 years.  It is a living hell and worse each time.  You are NOT alone.  I know that pain both physical and emotional.  All the bad feelings--my last one just 5 days ago was my worst ever...But it was for a reason.  I felt and still feel exactly like you do.  I never want to feel like this again but I'm also willing to do anything it takes to make that happen.  Because I'm worth it.  YOU are worth it...Be Kind to yourself.  We can do this.
This is possible!..I've been fucking around for and with sobriety if I were to be honest two years!..Two years ago was when it started dawning on me that drinking wasn't really working out for me and that I was starting to become my Father...I've JUST within the last two months finally had enough fall into place where not only believe that I can do this but that it IS being done...Two years ago I wanted it but couldn't imagine it.  Now I really feel that the desire to NOT drink is stronger than my desire TO drink and even then I've been fucking up a bit...Follow yourself.
Get upfall down get up fall down. Washrinserepeat. Eventually  it clicks. Persistence is paying off for me it can for you too. IWNDWYT 
I believe in you
It is possible. Many times I tried to make a go at sobriety. I even had off the chart liver numbers with a referral to a GI specialist for more tests. I stopped drinking for about two weeks and the numbers improved. I was resilient (!) I quit the vodka but went back to wine even harder than before. It took me trying sobriety for myself not anyone else. For me because I deserved it. That and taking it one day at a time. I was literally googling "one day sober two days sober n days sober"...daily affirmation as in... I will not drink with you today. There is a daily check in here on this sub to help with that daily commitment. I am rooting for you.  
