-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8nzxlv/in_a_new_better_place_i_have_you_all_to_thank/

My mind is somewhere it hasn't been before. I'm free of alcohol caffeine depression and I have a new zest for life...I think I am a different person now and a lot less selfish. Of course I am not perfect but I do think I am having a more positive impact on others...I'm not free from anxiety and I'm accepting it is healthy to have some of it. It is fortunate I have a couple degrees in psychology and have an opportunity to use them. I instead went into the tech field. I'm able to support my own mind and seek out those that help. This subreddit is fantastic and I doubt I would be sober now without it...I am not sleeping well but I accept that will come with time as I develop ways of attaining it without alcohol...Things are going very well at work. I made a friend who has 9 years of sobriety; I am happy I took the risk of opening up to her. I also received strong praise from the CEO senior staff and many coworkers for a contribution that will help us be more successful...Things are great not perfect and there are still struggles but without them I wouldn't be the person I am today. So I will struggle on and let those be opportunities to persevere and be better to others...Thank you for reading and this place is really great and safe. Happy Saturday or whenever you may be...
----------immediate responses--------

  IWNDWYT 
God.you kicked CAFFEINE????? You are now my new hero. 
Congratulations and thanks for sharing. :)
That is so wonderful ! I have anxiety and life isn't perfect but I feel hopeful and alive.  I'm glad you are in a better place and wish you the very best.  IWNDWYT 
Thanks for sharing and congrats on the all your success. IWNDWYT!
&gt; Things are great not perfect and there are still struggles but without them I wouldn't be the person I am today. So I will struggle on and let those be opportunities to persevere and be better to others. ..Thank you for this realization. It is something I need to keep in mind in my sober journey.
You go girl!!!
