-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o096g/my_jeans_are_loose/

Right out of the dryer and no struggle to put on. Ah the little things. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Nice! I've lost 2 inches from my waist in past 1.5 months!..IWNDWYT
Haha \- don't you just love when your jeans are loose for all the right reasons!!! I will not drink with you today.
Woohoo! I started a diet six weeks ago and I'm down 15lbs. Like you I've noticed it on my waist. Winning!  
Congratulations! It's the best feeling.  
And out of the dryer too! I used to have to get a running start to heave myself into my jeans. Not anymore! IWNDWYT
Call it ego but yes the jeans are fitting better the skin is night and day better and everyday someone is coming up and saying how good I look...and all of this is just a little bit of additional motivation!!  IWNDWYT!! 
Thanks for posting this! Looking forward to that feeling!
Yay Laurel!   ..I walked my aging dog this morning. Chose an old leash that retracts into a belt that goes around my waist (so you can be hands free to pump arms or jog). Haven't used it since being sober. Wow. Just wow is all I can say. My distended booze belly was *huge* back then. Felt good to have to cinch it it...Enjoy your day in your jeans...it really is the little things that add up to happiness   .. within      I will not drink with y'all today 
Amazing right?  After a month dry I've managed to lose 7 pounds. One more benefit to this sober journey we're on. IWNDWYT
I remember doing a low carb diet while drinking. Lost a little over a long time but I was clueless. I gave up the diet when I quit because I didn't want to make things to hard. I'm still losing weight! So many little things. Congratulations!!!
I'm amazed how much better we look when not drinking. It really highlights that this substance is alien to our bodies and has practically zero benefits.
Oh thank you for this post. I was so tempted to have just 1 glass of wine when I take my daughter to lunch/shopping today. Just one would t hurt right?? Then I read this and if nothing else ?? Drinking typically equals weight gain for me so no IWNDWYT..... not even before shopping for my daughter. Thank you
Yippie!!!!! Enjoy!!!
My ass masking blue jeans are no longer masking my ass! Power up!
I have to buy all new pants and shorts. The waists are just too loose.  
