-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o596l/solo_sober_saturdays/

My first Saturday this attempt. Saturday nights are always the hardest day and it's seems they are the most likely to cause me to lapse. I'm single and most of my friends either have kids or are going out doing things I shouldn't this early on (bars concerts etc.)...How does everyone else keep busy on a solo Saturday to help prevent a relapse?..Thanks! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Cooking is therapeutic for me so I prepared a meal I'd wanted to try. Because I made everything from scratch it took almost 2.5 hours from start to finish. I could fully appreciate how it tasted because I didn't have alcohol interfering with my tastebuds. I also worked out for about an hour before I started cooking and by the time I worked out cooked ate and cleaned up I'm ready to start preparing for bed!
This is my first Saturday as well. I took a really long run to just unwind then I ate a grilled cheese in the bath tub. The pain my legs are feeling had me crawl to bed so there's no drinking here tonight 
I'm cleaning my apartment avoiding the urge to go to the store. Having a clean living space improves my mood.  Then I'm going to start learning the Devil's solo piece in The Devil Went Down to Georgia by Charlie Daniels on my violin....I've got the intro down! Nowhere near as fast as the man himself though 
Walking helped me a lot.
You're right we do have this!!! ..I met a speaker from last night's AA meeting for coffee tonight. She said some things last night that really stuck with me. Tonight's talk help clarify my thought process. ..I too get out and walk whenever I start feeling the "itch". It does wonders for my mind...IWNDWYT!
Cleaning and cooking helped a lot. I also pick up my guitar or read alcohol explained to distract. 
Go on Meetup and start a sober outing group for movies or game night.  
I ordered pizza am listening to podcasts (both sobriety related and others) and hope to dust off my old watercolour paints to recreate a cool photo I did the other day. Drinking lots of La Croix will drink some fancy tea and maybe take a hot bath with epsom salts. Then again I work tomorrow morning so I have an easy excuse to not go out drinking with people. Plus the idea of binge drinking repulses me now. Mindframe is as important to me as keeping myself busy now. Maybe make some plans for the early morning and head to bed early? I hope you have a relaxing night. IWNDWYT!
