-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o95ub/fathers_day_struggles/

Hey guys...Long way towards here like for most of us. I have been drinking for a while and want to stop. I want to make this post as a hello to this wonderful community and to share at least a bit of the struggle I am going through...Today as we all know is fathers day. My relationship with him is well \- complicated. I haven't talked with him a lot this week and yesterday while I was taking a nap he called me 9 times. You would think something happened but no he just wanted to talk. I do not want to make this overtly about him but to hell with it it is. He always nags me about something there is always something wrong with what I do. He never listens to where I am coming from how I feel physically or mentally. He always knows better and I can see how I do the same with my loved ones. He is so needy that he can't see how he tries to make me dependent on him for money affection or anything else. There was a time in my life where he supposedly thought I could not take care of myself so he "had to" find me a job while I was desperately trying to get out the house to get out the city where his clutch is so strong I was struggling to get a breath of fresh air. I recall being so mad at him when I was young dreaming about how I would move away and never talk with him again...I know what he would say for every little thing I do or say. I know what he would say about this post \- that i am weak that he helped me... But he is the one that made me weak! He never let me make any decisions he never allowed me to make mistakes. I was always under his sight always controlled and abused with his supposed love. He needs me so bad he is hurt so bad that he doesn't even realize that he is taking my life from me bit by bit. I am tired of fighting him everyday. When I got a raise and started making more than he does.. He wasn't happy. He said I work too much. When I quit studies he pushed me to get he started talking how education is important like I didn't know it! But I need a break perhaps I will return to it perhaps I won't! But it is my life and I am allowed to do whatever I want! He never allowed any mistakes but he wanted me to do everything. It doesn't work that way! I am allowed to make mistakes I am allowed to be wrong! And there's nothing terrifying or wrong about that! I can't live with this burden of perfection. Or better said I don't want to! And I won't. I just want to be whatever I am without shame about it or guilt. I can allow myself that. A guilt free weekend where I can take a walk in the park and make a roast. And that can be it. ..The weight to be perfect made me immobile stagnant dead. Drinking helped me to lift the weight for a night or two. After a good bender \- for a week. But I don't want to die young. I don't want to die without feeling I can make choices I can be myself without feeling that I must always fit in! Fuck you dad. Fuck you very much. I love you but fuck off and stop trying to ruin me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Well I think in the U.S. it's actually June 17 if that matters to you...
my father is selfish in different actual ways but with similar selfish motives. I eventually lessened communication to the point where that interaction with me isn't something he could schedule in to his day. I refused to make the time similar or near as frequent. when the time came I would let him talk or rant and continually ask if he was finished or become smirky and ask if he actually wanted my opinion/rebuttal or if he wanted me to agree. I had to point out where I thought his logic or motive was inferior to eventually show to him that my own would take precedence...its all out of love. and it sucks to put up with when it's physically impacting your mood. and I don't think there's any issue with letting that be known
Sounds similar to my mother.  She could be quite controlling abusive.  I eventually discovered she had undiagnosed mental illness.  Both me and my siblings cut off contact because it was so draining.  It was like I was living another persons life - not my own. ..She died unexpectedly earlier this year.  Sifting through her things helped me see another side of her. I was able to remember the good things and learn things about her I never would have while she was alive...At this current stage I still struggle with balancing thinking between sadness and anger good vs bad times. At the end of the day she was flawed like anyone else - some good moments some bad moments and the in-between. With a little more time I think I can hold onto the good while learning from the bad without dwelling on it...Good luck to you.  IWNDWYT
