-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8o9b1r/anyone_struggle_with_sleep_at_the_beginning/

So last week I gave myself a goal and couldn't quite get there. I tried to make it 24 hours without a drink...My wife and I separated about 7 months ago and the first few months were rough specially since it was around the holidays and it was winter. I had been a true moderate drinker since I turned 21 eight years ago having no more than three drinks at a time and only doing so about 3 to 4 times a week. That changed last year and alcohol became a crutch. This major life change gave me anxiety and terrible insomnia so alcohol + Benadryl became my go to for sleep help. Then it kept escalating. Waking up at 2:30am with the most unquenchable thirst became regular for me. I spend most days in a fog...So last week I decided to give abstinence a try. I knew sleep would my biggest challenge so I tried to do everything right. I had been getting back into more regular exercise and I worked out that day. Minimized used of electronics before bed. I took some melatonin. I read for an hour in bed and tried to get myself to relax. After all this setup it was about 10:30 and I felt ready to sleep so I put on my sleep mask and turned on the white noise machine. I tossed and turned until 3:30am and decided I can't go a whole day without sleeping so I got up very disappointed watched a movie had two drinks + Benadryl and had 4 hours of tenuous sleep...Do you guys have any advice to help with sleep? Do I just need to spend 3 sleepless days until my body gives out and keep doing that until it self regulates?
----------immediate responses--------

Yes.  Alcohol messed with my sleep badly.  In time it got back to regular sleeping patterns for me.  Plus exercise is good...it both helps with sobriety and tired me out so I can sleep.  Best wishes to you!
I'd second the exercise comment. Go for a long walk or run before you go to bed and you should have some better sleep. All the best to you the struggle is worth it!
I sure did. It was probably the toughest part of me sobering up. I had terrible insomnia and probably slept 2 or 3 hrs every night for 3 months. Then one day it all changed and I found myself sleeping very well. IWNDWYT.
There is so much in your post that I can identify with. I'm about a month in to sobriety and have terrible insomnia after using alcohol as a sleep crutch after my separation. I don't have any advice just wanted you not to feel alone.
Was a little more than 3 sleepless nights for me. After years of chronic alcoholism it took my body at least 6 months to get used to not having to rely on the sedative effect of booze to get off to sleep...But each day was better than the rest. I stopped drinking coffee and found it useful to actually go to bed at bed time even though I knew my head would still be spinning all night like a washing machine on spin cycle. Even though I was reading or watching TV or listening to the radio in bed at least my body would be getting some rest...On a couple of occasions my body actually went to sleep while my head was still awake which was really scary the first time it happened but that stopped eventually and I can't even remember the last time I had [Sleep paralysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleep_paralysis). I never gave into the temptation of taking sleeping pills and I haven't had a drink now for over 8 years. These days as soon as my head hits the pillow I'm out like a light plus I only need about 6 hours sleep and can get by with just 4 if I'm really busy \- life is great. All I had to do was stick with it for a couple of months and it soon passed.
I have allergies so I justify using benadryl at bedtime and I pair that with hot tea designed for bedtime along with other rituals. Good luck!
Yeah sleeping was a bitch on the first week...Mostly because my sleeping cycle was messed up by alcohol add withdrawal to that...I'd lay in bed all night eyes closed without giving in...What I did was keep trying. I'd get out of bed 7am everyday no matter what. I was essentialy a zombie on the first days. Just wanted to sleep all day. It wasn't easy...But after a few days I started to sleep at night. Everyday it got a little easier.
