-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oegig/made_it_through_a_wedding_without_drinking/

I didn't even drink the toast champagne that was handed straight to me. I can hardly believe it honestly. I'll admit I totally considered it ("it's just one glass!")...But I took a break from the party and contemplated the fact that that one seemingly harmless glass would've made me quite disappointed in myself for zero enjoyment really and that "just one" glass would turn into "just one" glass of bourbon and ginger... etc. etc. and that all of that could turn into weeks or months of destruction...I do have another group of people beyond this community to thank this time... the trio who was wasted by early in the evening loudly criticizing the music making awkward jokes to people who clearly didn't appreciate them and more. ..They were the starkest reminder in the moment of why I can't drink. I don't blame them one bit... I've been them. More times than I can count. But the moments I considered walking over to the open bar and giving it up their obnoxiousness; their far-off glassy can't-quite-focus-on-anything gaze were right there...a mirror into the future of exactly where I could be and much worse if I gave in. I hope they aren't hurting today and I hope if they're struggling that they get the help they need...Today I am hangover-free. I woke up early had coffee cleaned my apt and was active most of the day. I am so thankful. Iwndwyt any day. Love you SD!
----------immediate responses--------

Great job!..I also made it through a wedding this weekend without drinking.  .There was a bottle of Maker's Mark and tumblers at the entrance to the room (and cigars and clove cigarettes). Didn't drink.  ..There was a champagne toast. Water in my glass...I have put back a lot of alcohol at many wedding receptions but all in the past...Being alcohol-free is good. I lost the ability to moderate and nowadays I just think "Man Funk you used to drink *a lot!*"..IWNDWYT
Great job!  Ugh I was often 1 of the 3 wedding drunks myself.  .IWNDWYT.
I was at my second wedding this week and OMG watching 'that guy' was unashamedly my motivation. Free bar as well! Even noticed my botltfriend wasn't drinking nearly as much as he would because of my comments. And despite all my thoughts otherwise I actually ended up enjoying myself sober. Who woulda thought?! 
Good work! Now you know you can do it.
Congrats. I've got 2 weddings in the same month coming up and hope I can make the same choices u did. IWNDWYT.
Congrats. That's one of the hardest. I've only had to endure one myself. It's particularly tough because many Weddings have many hours of open bar and many people want to  buy  you a free drink. Good job!
