-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oi50s/monster/

Throughout my worst drinking years I was destructive and behaved poorly. My husband had to witness all of this. ..I've only ever thought about my own suffering regarding drinking. So yesterday was a bit of a shock to me...Our friend came over and it came out that my husband (in confidence) told this friend that I am a monster when I drink. It suddenly occurred to me that I have caused so much aggravation and so much pain to him during those bad drinking years. ..My husband is very masculine and often does not share his emotions in obvious ways. But how was I so selfish I didn't even see he was also suffering during those years?..Currently I've been trying to moderate my drinking. It's been getting easier and easier but I still over drink and I still rely on alcohol. I was making some progress. ..I know with moderation I am playing with fire and I know that it only takes one disastrous night to fall into years of shame and drinking...But honestly I only considered that I would suffer if I relapse into heavy drinking. I never thought about how he would have to go through all that again too. ..It's one thing about playing with fire with my own life and well being but how can I risk his? ..Well the short answer is that I can't. ..I think I have to quit drinking. ..
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely 100percent correct.  And you are in the right place. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
There is a lot of support here. ..The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. None of them require a life long commitment.  They are all just people that have had success getting sober trying to help other people get sober.  AA is the one that saved my ass. They have women's meetings and there is one called Women For Sobriety (WFS) as well. ..Not everyone that drinks too much is an alcoholic and not everyone that quits drinking is an alcoholic.  But not drinking is always healthier than drinking. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
