-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ojkss/alcohol_past_present_and_future_long/

How the Ghosts of Alcohol differ from those of Christmas is that they visit every night. How the alcoholic differs from Ebenezer Scrooge is that they drink enough to avoid ignore or even forget the visit the reality and the lesson. Assuming Scrooge was sober and not dreaming or experiencing hallucinations he had to face the reality of his life and with his inability to deny it made the necessary positive changes. Not something every sober person can do but those are different stories. In this one the alcoholic either needs to hit rock bottom again or be sober long enough to acknowledge the Ghost and listen to it. Past's Ghost is always there first looming around trying to show you the mess you've made but you can drink to tune him out and forget the drunk things you did. It adds more drunk things to the list but hey it's always Future Me's problem. Without often pouring alcohol on things these past few months I couldn't ignore the Ghosts anymore. So I faced them...The Ghost of Alcohol's Past:  . There are countless stories to tell by and about me. Some only others can tell because my brain wasn't recording its own memories of them. Many are entertaining stories but embarrassing \+ humiliating and at my expense. There are people who will only ever know me by the stories the retelling of them as gossip \(some true some not\) my reputation or their first impression of my worst self. For every person who enjoyed the company of Drunk Me there were more people who didn't. Alcohol lied to me about my likeability presence and representation. To me I was just blowing off steam and letting loose having fun bonding with these people socializing being a party girl. To them I was being a hot mess. Some will never like Me because they only know Drunk Me. I can't fault them. I don't like Drunk Me either.  . With its stories and false sense of many good things that in hindsight were bad came making terrible decisions and mistakes. It helped me lose acquaintances friendships relationships money jobs college opportunities items \+ belongings and all the time effort work tuition and help that had been put into them. It helped take my dignity credibility reliability and respect from others. In return it gave me guilt shame embarrassment denial some rock bottoms to ignore and to others it gave some pain grief worry and disappointment.  ...Health wise alcohol is no more generous. I was uncomfortable puffy and bloated. It wreaked havoc on my guts. It worsened my mental illness and the anxiety depression and insomnia that come with it. It increased my want to die and suicidal ideation. I couldn't handle the day\-after hangover and not knowing what I said or did during a blackout. I made myself vulnerable and put myself in potentially dangerous situations that could have easily lead to injury accidents physical or sexual assaults and death. I put my body and mind through hell with the constant rapid cycling of withdrawal \-\&gt; recovery \-\&gt; relapse. It was helping me slowly \(maybe quickly\) kill myself.  ...What's worse than all that combined and the hardest for me to face is my behavior towards \+ treatment of people. I've lied to them. I've put alcohol before them. When drunk I've said and done villainous things to them betrayed and emotionally abused them texted or messaged them terrible things at all hours. I've been reprehensibly selfish and ungrateful. It's been said that our drunken behaviors are our sober desires and I couldn't agree less. A lot of people have understandably left but the ones who are still here I don't desire to treat poorly. I desire to treat them the way Sober Me does. With the love and respect I have for them.  ...Past Ghost's visit wasn't all bad. There were actual fun \+ funny stories and good memories. There has been real bonding and I've made genuine friends. It gave me the courage to approach people sing karaoke and dance like noone's watching but now I'll have to do all that for myself. Without its help...The Ghost of Alcohol's Future:  .As with Scrooge there are two potential futures depending on action or inaction in the present. If I stay on the road of the past I won't be heading anywhere different. I'll drive in a roundabout of embarrassing stories gossip bad reputation being disliked and adding more guilt and shame to the existing mental weight of it that I carry. I'll waste money potential and opportunities until I can't get any of them back. I'll start aging rapidly and looking unrecognizable even to myself. I'll do irreparable damage to my insides outsides mental state and personal life. I'll deteriorate. Whether it hospitalizes me first or not it will kill me. I'll die and anyone who once cared will have left long before it...The Ghost of Alcohol's Present:  .I have no urge to pour alcohol on any of that. There's no desperation or urgency. I'm not seeking it out going to it or buying any for the house. Weeks pass before I notice I haven't even thought of a drink. When all the bottles were returned to the Beer Store it didn't occur to me to buy more with the money back from them. I'm seeing changes already in my weight clarity creativity productivity relationships and bank account. I'm getting out of bed in the mornings and having full days drinking soda water with my pub grub. It's easier to live with and still like yourself after soda water. I don't enjoy getting drunk and I enjoy not getting drunk regardless of the Ghosts still being here...The Ghost of No Alcohol's Future:..It's one to look forward to. It has a better likelihood of a college diploma career and self fulfillment in lieu of self medication. Opportunities and relationships will form that I won't be able to destroy with alcohol. I'll be in better physical and mental shape from finding healthier things than the bottle to help me cope. I might even sleep at night. The Ghosts will still visit sometimes just less and less until I'm barely haunted anymore...The Ghost of Rock Bottom:  .Not long ago I had a slip\-up night where I drank myself into a hot mess KO'd before I could set my an alarm for an appointment and spent two days recovering from a physical and mental hell of my own making. It solidified just how done I already knew I was. It took a million rock bottoms for me to hit the lowest one. The one that showed me I hate being a party girl more than I miss it. It's now considered past but was relevant enough to be present and effective enough to impact future. People weren't particularly nice to me that night or the days following it. Another thing I can't fault them for. They're as done with it as I am.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes I think the Ghost of Rock Bottom that you speak of visited me a few days ago.  That's one ghost I hope I will never see again and pray I will never forget..Thanks for sharing..I will not drink alcohol with you today.
&gt;It's been said that our drunken behaviors are our sober desires and I couldn't agree less...YES. I hear it and see it all the time including a lot on r/relationships that what someone did in a drunken stupor is obviously what they'd secretly wanted to do all along and I can see why people think that but in my experience it isn't true at all. I've done/said things when drunk that would never ever even occur to me to say or do sober. ..I'm also glad to no longer be a party girl. Being an over the hill party girl was probably particularly ugly and I hope that's something you never have to experience. I will not drink with you today u/quitstine. 
This really hits super close to home. Its like taking a long reflection of myself! Thank you for this! 
