-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8olrxm/jon_olivers_rant_on_rehab/

I found the expose of Rehab facilities by Jon Oliver last week frightening.  Having been in a few I felt vindicated that my struggle has continued. He gave a resource for finding a board certified addiction physician. Wanted to share. ..Certification.theabpm.org/physician-lookup..I have a good doctor now but the Rehab industry is scary.
----------immediate responses--------

If anyone wants to watch it and it is NSFW https://youtu.be/hWQiXv0sn9Y.
Thanks for sharing! Scary stuff. That's why this sub is the greatest thing ever; nobody's here to take advantage of you.
disgusting. getting sober is hard. to make the process of finding care that is not run by charlatans should not be the first step those in the throws should have to navigate. it's a bona fide sin. happy to be here and sober. thank you for sharing. i w n d w y t. 
yeah he nailed it. I goto TMS every day run by a bunch of people in the industry here and they all felt he nailed it as well. It's very sad that there is a dark side or "shadow" to the recovery movement. So many people suffering have been taken advantage of. It's truly evil imho.
His show is top notch for shedding light on issues like this. Plus it's hilarious.
Getting clean and staying clean is hard!!!  I'm fortunate that where I live there is access to good treatment. I need all the the support I can get.  
I just got out of rehab and had an amazing experience. I learned so much about myself and addiction.  I had a medical detox hours of lectures every day with knowledgeable counselors and guest speakers and hours of individual group and family counseling every day too. From 8am to 7pm we were working on learning the tools we would need to stay sober. And the food was great! It was $2170 with insurance and now I'm in their intense outpatient treatment 3 hours a day Monday Wednesday and Friday for 90 days which will cost me $500. Best money I ever spent. I just wanted to add that not every rehab is a scam. 
Oh man leave it to John Oliver to be so totally hilarious and freaking terribly heartbreaking at the same time.  This system is fucked.
I agree with a lot of the point he makes and as always he his hilarious! BUT no rehab is going to get anyone sober that isn't ready to stop drinking. It can help (I personally got sober in a long term treatment center) but if the person lacks the willingness to be uncomfortable and grow they won't get results anywhere. 
Absolutely love his show and I'm glad he did one on rehab
