-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8oltim/ok_so_im_here_now_lets_get_day_one_done/

Incoming stream of consciousness rant:..After looking for months in my local area for an Agnostic or Atheist AA with no luck I've decided to give this a shot. I'm really struggling to do this by myself and I have no support network in my daily life. I'm 30 years old and have been a heavy drinker for 15 years. Everyone in my family is an alcoholic and it's just kind of part of our culture. I don't want my inability to stay sober define who I am any longer. No I am not proud I drink a handle of vodka and still manage to work a 60 hour work week. I feel terrible constantly and it's really taking a toll on me physically and mentally. I've got a decent job and life is pretty good aside from the booze. My main excuse for drinking (anxiety and panic attacks) has been completely alleviated after 5 years of therapy and different medications. Turns out CBD oil works for me better than meds therapy or alcohol! Go figure! Anyway I'm ready to do this for real because I cannot cut down it just does not work!..I had 2 beers last night before bed and I'm about to go home. I think I have 1 beer in my fridge and I plan on pouring down the drain...Wish me luck ladies and gentlemen...-end rant
----------immediate responses--------

Well done you  we all had to start somewhere and I won't be drinking with you today
Welcome! IWNDWYT 
I don't believe in luck helping sobriety. Plans yes luck no. So what's your plan?
Congrats on kicking off day one!  One thing that really helped me get in the right frame of mind to quit is the book This Naked Mind by Annie Grace.  She does a great job at dispelling the myths most of us have regarding alcohol.  Total easy read and worth every penny...See you on day 2!
I found after a couple of weeks the anxiety died down too. .It's a dull hum now rather than a constant pain in my chest. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! Sobriety makes life so much more manageable.  Congratulations on pouring that beer down the drain! I wish you the best on your journey! IWNDWYT 
Today is my first day in a long time. I have been watching documentaries about alcoholism all day. Disturbing. Iwndwyt.
