-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8orjj5/told_my_mom_about_my_sobriety/

Today is the day I decided to come clean and tell my mom that I have decided to live sober...It's a big step for me.. not because she was unaware I have a problem but because this is the first time I have told her I'm actively working on my sobriety and admitted verbally to her that I have a problem. The problem part was not a surprise since I have been this way for years and have done a lot of crappy things due to alcohol/substance abuse that have directly affected my mom throughout the years...My dad also passed away from alcohol and substance abuse in 2009 when I was 18 so unsurprisingly this is genetic and my mom has dealt with a lot of BS over the years yet is somehow extremely understanding and not bitter. She has been through al\-anon many times which I think has helped...This time last year my mom came to visit me \(she lives 3 hours away\) and I was already drunk when she arrived at 11am. I had drank the night before and decided to have a few more when I woke up. We got in a fight because she accused me of being drunk and started questioning me. I was for some reason offended that she noticed. Like how dare you call me out on my shit? She hid my car keys and I was so angry that I threw a glass against the wall...That was just one of many scenarios where I've acted like an ass to the people I love all because they got in the way of my drinking. ..My mom has never stopped loving me and has never held any of my actions against me. I honestly don't know if I could be as forgiving and understanding as her. I struggled with telling her because of stupid thoughts like "What if we are out for dinner one day and I want to have a glass of wine?" Well no fucking more "what\-ifs". I will never be able to go out for dinner and just have a glass of wine. It's time to stop making excuses...Today she told me that this is a big step for me and that she is proud of me and will support me every step of the way in my recovery.  A huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I'm not going to go out the way my dad did. This time is going to be the time that I make it...Thanks for reading!!
----------immediate responses--------

I'm rooting for you!  Sobriety is one of the best experiences I've had in this life I hope you grab it with both hands and enjoy the heck out of it too!  IWNDWYT 
Well done! We are proud of you too x
Good luck kiddo. IWNDWYT 
