-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8os3s4/ive_been_preparing_to_relapse/

I'm thinking obsessively about drinking. I've been in therapy for about 9 months but I'll be stopping after next week. It's just incredibly expensive and I knew going in I couldn't do it for too long. I've been on anti-depressants for a good long while. I want to stop taking them. They don't really seem to help all that much and I want to know whether I'm okay without them. These two planned changes I think are leading me to think about alcohol. Maybe I just really am okay now. Maybe I can have everything I want in life including alcohol. Shouldn't I try one more time? ..Sigh. The good news is I have a line in the sand I'm not at all likely to cross. I won't drink while on this medication. The bad news is that yesterday I mentally relapsed. I was all the way there planning on exactly when I would drink (in about 3 months) and thinking about how wonderful life would be going forward once I'm able to drink and fully enjoy life...This sh*t is hard.
----------immediate responses--------

It is hard. It's super hard. But thinking about it is totally different than doing it. There are days I think all about a nice glass of wine because I'm stressed but I don't act on it! Sure if you are thinking about it all the time and feel you really are about to take that first drink then that's another thing. But don't beat yourself up because of some intrusive thoughts about when/where you would drink...It's about the actions we take. Did you drink today? No! So you're still killing it.
This makes me sad to read.  While I know everyone is on their own path I had about two years in and started feeling like I was "cured" and would surely be able to control it.  It started out innocently enough but then BOOM my demon lizard addict brain came back with vengeance and I couldn't stop myself.  I went on a ten-year bender and lost almost everything including my life.  It's very hard to come back.  I implore you to reexamine the damage alcohol did and why you decided to stop 423 days ago.  Also as a side note I'm hoping you'll feel a whole lot better within a few weeks of getting off your meds so you can live your free of *all* drugs wonderful life!
Rather than focusing on relapse I want to give you a big shout out for your amazing *awareness*...Mentally you had the opportunity. But you *didn't give in*!..Yea this shit's hard that's why we're here to support you and let you know we feel it too...you're not alone dear Jerr...Now I'm not sure if you feel that the following will apply to you; however I'm respectfully sending it to you as I was going through something similar and a dear sober friend sent me this gem:.."Outgrowing your program (if you are working a program) isn't a bad thing; it just means you're changing...what used to work is working less and what you can do is always a new opportunity"..And "it's not so much about doing more of what you're currently doing maybe it's about doing more of what you *could* be doing"...I found this feedback *GOLDEN* and I profusely thank the kind dear friend that passed it on to me :)..
the mental obsession is all part of it. it will subside over time. healthy distractions are very helpful and can be as easy as walking somewhere or taking a shower.
hey man this shit is hard. but that's what separates us from those that choose to drink. if this shit was easy nobody would be drinking.  ..i choose to keep getting stronger and kick some ass and it's hard to do that drunk. do not go gently into that long drunk night.
Dude you caught it. You're a winner...Back when I was about three years sober I had a similar experience. I was drawn by a hard craving when I saw a shopping cart full of my favorite beers in the supermarket. I recognized the feeling ran out to my car and ran down the phone tree. I got to the fourth phone call (the first three went to voicemail) and got my dear friend who told me "Well what did you expect? You're an alcoholic!" The reaction of running to seek help instead of chasing the bottle is the result of recovery work that I had been doing in AA for the past three-plus years. ..I don't know what work you're doing to stay sober besides therapy but in my experience continuing to do *something* preferably not alone is better than just doing nothing. Having the thought is perfectly normal in early recovery it's how you respond to the thought is what separates you from relapse. That habit of responding to the desire to drink with something other than going to drink takes a lot of work that you seem to have been doing already...A "mental relapse" is no relapse it's just a passing thought. They get fewer and farther between and they have less impact when we do the work to keep our brains in check. Good on you!
