-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8otee0/paws_the_more_you_know_the_better/

PAWS symptoms usually begin to occur between seven and 14 days after the acute period of withdrawal and usually peak between three and six months after the start of abstinence.  (1)..Symptoms will present as cognitive physical or emotional issues. Sufferers and onlookers alike can't always recognize them as residual effects of the withdrawal process. However some symptoms are easily recognized as conditioned responses such as seeing a person place or thing that the addict associates with drug or alcohol use and feeling a compulsion to use...The following list includes the most common PAWS symptoms. This list is by no means all-inclusive and individuals may have different experiences or exhibit some or all of these symptoms. PAWS symptoms can last for years in severe cases and it is reported that many symptoms will come and go over time sometimes returning unexpectedly...  Inability to think clearly   difficulty with basic problem solving and decision-making.  Impaired concentration   racing thoughts distracting the individual and often negatively impacting their employment.  Emotional sensitivity or numbness   over reacting to emotional stimulus our lacking an appropriate emotional response.  Anger   issues with anger management may either develop or intensify.  Depression   clinical depression may either develop or intensify.  Memory problems   the new skills recovering addicts are learning to change their lifestyle and habits are even more challenging to retain.  Sleep disorders   temporary or life-long changes in sleep patterns from increased tiredness to insomnia.  Increased sensitivity to pain   some types of addictions numb physical pain so once the substance is removed many report an increased sensitivity to pain.  Anxiety   developing or increasing in severity   even to the degree of panic attacks.  Sensitivity to stress   one of the most common symptoms impacting the severity of other symptoms..Developing A Treatment Plan.. People who relapse can often die from accidents overdose suicide or medical problems. For example if you have a damaged liver your liver will return automatically -and not gradually- to the level of damage it was at when you were drinking.  (2)..Because the medical risks associated with relapse are so severe a comprehensive treatment plan involves the anticipation of PAWS symptoms and analyzes each person's propensity for them...Someone who has suffered from anxiety problems before and/or during their addiction must be prepared for the likelihood this issue will intensify. This also requires identifying an individual's triggers that cause some symptoms to manifest in the first place. This empowering knowledge can enable them to avoid triggers completely experience a trigger mentally-prepared or otherwise control their environment to minimize PAWS symptoms...
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing knowledge is power.  IWNDWYT!
hey thanks for the info! I'm wondering though... how can you tell that this is happening? I unfortunately don't think i have a good enough memory of my anxiety stress emotional sensitivity etc to figure out whether they are 10% worse than they used to be before i ever drank etc. Is there a way to determine somewhat objectively if these PAWS symptoms are happening for specific people? .. perhaps the pain one is like this... pain sensitivity can be measured somewhat objectively right?
Thanks Im right in the middle of this. Just finishing up day 14...Insomnia extreme moods poor concentration hyperactivity then crashing anxiety severe depression etc. lol..Would like to learn more if you post more of your series
