-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ovb7g/really_struggling_tonight/

For some reason I really really want to drink tonight. I'm not especially stressed or depressed (my triggers) so I'm not really sure what is triggering my craving. I hate that alcohol delivery apps exist at this moment because I know I can have a good Pinot Noir in my hands in 30 minutes if I want to. My husband is supportive of my sobriety but he just doesn't understand like you all do. ..Thanks for listening. Felt good to get that out. 
----------immediate responses--------

I don't see a reason to jeopardize my sobriety tonight so IWNDWYT 
I'm gonna say I would delete that app.. lol IWNDWYTD!
 Whenever I have these moments I think about how great it to wake up fresh tomorrow morning and have my coffee and breakfast at the start of a new day without the dregs of yesterday's wine. Stay strong! 
I know you can get alcohol via deliveroo now for fucks sake. It's crazy. But there is no good reason for you to drink and plenty of bad ones. ..I may sound like a crazy person (well more so than usual) but the other day I had quite a strong craving (I've not really had many and those that I have had only lasted 10 minutes). It really pissed me off and I started to imagine that alcohol was this real live being and I just let loose. I started swearing at it and telling it how fucking shit it was and for it to get the fuck out of my life and to leave me the fuck alone. I was home alone so I could say all this out loud without scaring the family. And honestly it felt good to just vent and be a complete  unfiltered potty mouth for a minute or so. And I felt better afterwards. I think it's important to vent our feelings rather than bottle them up  whether it's having a good cry or shouting at this imaginary yet all too real devil. Lord knows I've bottled things up before only for them to come back even stronger later on...So tonight I say a big  Fuck you you worthless piece of shit  to my alcohol demon and IWNDWYT 
Congrats on checking in with the group.  Tomorrow you're going to feel as right as rain I bet and I guarantee you won't regret waking up sober.  We all have off days but I know your going to make it until at least tomorrow because you checked in and you want to beat this.  Hang in there.  IWNDWYT 
[removed]
When that hits me I tell myself ok I'm definitely drinking tomorrow. But not today. I take that pledge every damn day because of moments like what you're describing; I do not want to break my pledge no matter what. IWNDWYT!
