-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ovwuf/how_do_you_functional_alcoholics_convince/

I'm struggling.  I know I need to quit but I keep a successful job provide income and haven't had something bad happen like a DWI something court-ordered that would put me in a program or jail...
----------immediate responses--------

Yet
I am in the same boat as you. I function but want to quit. In another group they talked about if we are still drinking we are a YET.....meaning something bad hasn't happened YET. Each time I drink things get a bit worse more stupid comments I recently locked my keys in the car at a liquor store....and I know I am progressing. I am desperate to stop before I do something that I would have a hard time living with. IWNDWYT
We are functioning till we are not. Don't wait for that chapter to hit. It usually ends with disaster.   
Yep I'm there too.  I don't think I would have been there much longer though without quitting this terrible habit.
i quite without crashing first i was sick of the shame and feeling like shit. i was worried about what i was doing to my health and looks. my mental health was not good. i was afraid of crashing and could feel myself get closer. first thing i did was some online research. then i came here. then a read one of the 30 day books on the side bar. it helped me to put together a plan to just try it for 30 days. i tried it. i stayed. that's how it worked for me. by all accounts i was functional to those looking in. i knew however that i was most certainly not functioning well on the inside. good luck to you! thank you for asking this great question. 
Yeah.. Good question. ..When I felt like every time I drank... I was spinning a Roulette wheel. "Let's see where it lands this time".... Whew Safe again and again and again. Sooner or later it's gonna land on "You fill in the blank" and life as I knew it would be over. ..IWNDWYT
 I've drank for 1/2 of my life and it's all I really know as far as what to do in public.  It's also how I remain in and am capable to be in public as it relaxes me.  What do you do other than drink to fill your time?
I new foe quite some time a few months that I needed to quit. I knew from the beginning of my 7 or 8 month long relapse that it was  a bad idea. My body decided for me that the drinking had to come to and end. Pancreatitis is very painful. Had I not been in the ICU already the DTs very likely would have been fatal. My liver and kidney function are thankfully back in the normal range but I imagine I'm on blood pressure meds for life. ..So will your moment be medical? legal? unemployment? Or maybe voluntary before any of that worse stuff happens. 
I thought I was functional! Others would say I wasn't. I have to admit the court system was how I started my sobriety. So I was one of those people on  papers . Somehow I saw how much better my life was and I'm now working towards 5 years sober. 
Give yourself  30 days 'off the sauce' and see first hand. No sence in waiting for a forced situation.
I drank mindfully for about a month and realized it just made me feel hazy and disconnected from other people when I was ostensibly using it to be more "in the moment". The first few sips did always feel like heavenly giddy relief and the rest of the drink was anxiety over that dwindling drink. I was never present because I was always thinking of when it would be okay/not-alcoholic-looking of me to get another drink. I romanticized alcohol but the reality was just this anxiety over keeping my cup filled just to the point where I didn't completely lose my shit/didn't seem like someone who likes booze TOO much. Exhausting. I was upset by how much I couldn't remember about simple evenings out to dinner. All this stuff made me feel like fucking shit about myself all the time over years and years. Until last last Friday I woke up with a hangover and decided it was over. I found this sub then I read This Naked Mind on Saturday. Just was time to actually live my life and figure out why I'm so fucking bored without alcohol. The thing is that it's already gotten less boring now that I've stopped being on the fence about quitting. When I stopped obsessing over whether a moment would be better with a drink I could actually be in a moment. And it's not that boring after all. My addiction was what was boring as fuck. 
[removed]
I know the feeling first hand like many others on here. Here's a simple way to look at it IMO: alcohol will never loosen the grip on the drinker. It will tighten the hold on those that  need  it. It will convince you more and more that obstacles in the way of your drinking are a bad thing. Out goes priorities family hobbies health normalcy and well-being. The vicious cycle starts early in America due to culture and slowly strangled so many people over time. I'm 36 and barely been 95 days sober since I turned 21. Lost sight of who I really was (am). ..The alcohol began to define me be a part of my personality frame my view of the world and sway my drive toward only booze. Some people (that probably do not visit this SR) have an innate ability/desire to normally moderate. As in they have a drink or two in a social setting and let it be. ..Maybe they drink once a weekend or even less but to them the alcohol isn't the focus it's something else.  For me and many of us here alcohol IS the purpose and is the focus of our energy. The question of  what do you do in your spare time  is so frankly sad and pathetic that's why I gave it up. I was tired of living for booze and never having enough. It will NEVER be enough. If you are reading here and haven't accepted that you need to change for the better or give up on yourself you should do some reflective thinking. Not you personally but generally. ..
are you waiting for your life to implode before you go ahead and stop? because that's what i did and it didn't go so well. ..it was never going to happen to me i thought. i hide it so well i thought. i don't even actually have that much of a problem i thought. ..well i had plenty of time to have a good old laugh about all my alcohol induced delusions since then let me tell you :). ..my advice would be: don't be like me. do it now. the fact that you're finding it hard to stop should be ringing alarm bells in the first place imo...all the best to you. 
I wasn't happy when I wasn't drinking. When I was drinking I wasn't happy. All mornings sucked. All afternoons spent on edge. I never got a dui or arrested either but I feel I could be much further in life without alcohol. With alcohol I was an asshole. Without it I am not sure but I want to find out. I think when a person needs to quit they know it subconsciously. 
I just bawled my eyes out with my wife describing your comments.  I can't get over the kindness you've shown and the fact that so many of you have been in the same situation.  I can't express this enough...I do have a therapist I'm seeing weekly who knows all about my situation and a psychiatrist who prescribed me Naltrexone.  I've had it for a month but haven't really taken it regularly or with a true plan...Thank you strangers on the internet.  There's no way for me to tell you how much your comments mean to me.  I'm in tears.
I didn't read all the comments so forgive me if it's already been said. But to me just being  functional  is kind of setting the bar low. Do you just want to function or do you want to thrive? Functioning to me implies of just doing bare minimum. You're looking at all the most important things you have to do and since they're getting done you downplay the affects of drinking. But what about the OTHER things that aren't just required of you? Hobbies passions talents... all seem to fall by the wayside when drinking too much is your main hobby. Also most of the time when people say they are functional they are kind of downplaying how bad it is. Sure you get to work on time and don't get fired but how much better would you do if your brain was free of the haze from last night's drinking? You might need to take a break and just see if you are downplaying how much alcohol affects you. How much better would you be without it? See how much more you can get out of life besides just being functional. 
"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately to front only the essential facts of life and see if I could not learn what it had to teach and not when I came to die discover that I had not lived. I did not wish to live what was not life living is so dear; nor did I wish to practise resignation unless it was quite necessary. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life to live so sturdily and Spartan-like as to put to rout all that was not life to cut a broad swath and shave close to drive life into a corner and reduce it to its lowest terms..."
My functional alcoholic self knew it was time to quit when it began becoming apparent I no longer had control of what I thought was functional drinking.  
Honestly I dunno if I could have called myself functional but the fact is very few people were aware of my situation...But then again I drank alone (can't cause others problems then) at home (can't get into much trouble) don't have a car (can't drive drunk) refused to work intoxicated because kids were involved (so I called in sick instead or would just appear really ill and horribly hungover with strong coffee breath) and I had a hobby which kept up fitness-and-health-oriented appearances. I also told people I don't drink alcohol and so almost no one saw me drink alcohol. ..I was really really barely *barely* functioning though because even though I managed to work... I isolated myself I had been hospitalised twice for Antabuse alcohol interactions I had been accumulating so many sick days from work and visibly shaking... I had had multiple head injuries from blackout drinking I would regularly fall asleep vomiting and I'd do anything to get a bit of validation and attention or some kind of signal that I might be worth at least something which would result in lots of humiliating drunk messages or sexually/physically dangerous situations (on the rare occasion I was not simply drinking home alone). ..Honestly going to the doctor with heat patches to get diagnosed with a fake fever to be  allowed  time off work so that I could detox at home and wouldn't have to worry about shaking at work probably should have given it away that i was not really  functional  - but to the outside world I still appeared as such. ..Like everyone else said... you're functional until you're not I guess. If it's addiction it's most likely gonna escalate...In my case if drinking was something I did outside with other people if I had not isolated myself and deliberately hidden my drinking if I had a car and a licence if I had a desk job where I may have felt I could get away with a swig here and there if I didn't live alone etc etc I may have very much NOT appeared as functional as I did...Now? Now if I start I wouldn't be able to stop myself for days so I guess I passed all that  functional  point.
