-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8owo5c/what_does_an_alcoholic_look_like_understanding/

I hope this doesn't offend anyone who happens to meet the stereotypes but this realization has helped me and hopefully will encourage someone else. ..Growing up I thought an alcoholic was some kind of hobo that walked around with a big brown jug marked with XXX. They might even have stars circling their head while they stumbled around town unshaven and gave everyone a good laugh. Thanks cartoons...Then later an alcoholic was the guy that partied every night and woke up in dumpsters covered in vomit. ..Or maybe an alcoholic was the miserable old cuss that had bloodshot eyes wild hair and a flushed face. ..For me an alcoholic was a pretty decent (sometimes) church going father of 3 living in the suburbs with a steady 9-5 and all the stress that goes with it. I coach my kids little league team show up to work on time and my lawn looks freaking great. The scary thing is that's the most dangerous kind of drunk - the one no one suspects. I never got a DUI. I never (ok once or twice) made a scene in public. My family (other than my wife) friends and coworkers never suspected anything. ..And yet there I was downing a six pack every night. Then a twelve pack. Then a pint of whiskey. Then the whiskey and the beer. Then a few beers in the morning to level out. Then maybe a couple at lunch to get my head right. A couple on the way home to deal with my day. All the while fulfilling my duties at home and work while no one was the wiser. ..I only say this because I had convinced myself that as long as I held my public shit together and didn't become a stereotype there was no problem. Reality was that I was miserable and afraid to be honest and deal with my issues. This went on for years...I hate thinking about the time I've wasted drinking. It's also scary thinking about how long I could have gone on fooling people. Or even encouraged to drink by friends and family. Eventuality the shit would have hit the fan somehow. It always does. ..So I guess my realization is that most people are struggling with alcohol are probably living that secret shame of a functional alcoholic and not the stereotypical Hollywood version. And I'm just glad I realized that before it was too late. ..I'm far from having it all figured out and it's a daily battle. But I'm thankful for two months sober and for the support on this page. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Right on...This alcoholic has been happily married for almost twenty years. Gainfully employed publicly respected whodathunk he was stuck in a bottle?  .I didn't lose my family or my job I didn't wreck my car or my bank account. I *did* get arrested for public intoxication 970 days ago though after a number of half-assed attempts to "control" my drinking...I been sober since and active in AA. It's good...And yeah that hobo with the XXX jug that's what I thought too...IWNDWYT
Congratulations on Your Sober Progress!
Proud of you neinor!!  Been there myself not going back.
I always thought an alcoholic was the filthy bum drinking malt liquor out a brown paper bag. Till I was drinking malt liquor out a brown paper bag. Funny how my definition of "alcoholic" always seemed to be someone who was just a little farther down then same than I was. 
Totally right. Iwndwyt.
You're so right and often these stereotypes lead us to deny our problems with alcohol for way too long...'I only drink on the weekends so I obviously don't have a problem with alcohol right?' 'I still have a job/family/friends/apartment I'm fine!' ..Also for the younger crew here our culture often glorifies excessive drinking to the point of vomiting/blackouts/appalling behaviour so we deny our problems under the guise that it's 'funny' or just part of being young until you realise that the rest of your friends are beginning to foster normal relationships with alcohol but you're still running the same bullshit and suddenly no one finds it funny least of all your loved ones. IWNDWYT! 
Very well put. Would like to add a couple things from my life. I'm in my late 50s and started drinking when I was 15. I was drinking at 3-4 times a week to get drunk by the time I was 16. Though growing up I had some misfires I had been extremely lucky as I drank through life and  functioned . I got married (and still married to the same person). Had three great kids who are now grown. So what's the problem right?  The problem is I don't remember most of it. I was drunk through every important happy or sad moment in my life. These times are gone forever and I will never get them back. Plus I will always wonder how much better could I have become if I wasn't such a messy  functional  drunk. I will never know. .One last observation. No doubt this is a progressive disease. As my life went on I drank more and more until the  functional  part was all but gone. Took probably longer then most but at the end I was drinking day and night both my mental and physical health was in shambles and my marriage remains somewhat on the rocks. I believe it was just a matter of days before I would have died probably by my own hands. So for all of those out there who are  functioning  right now I'm here to tell you it will not last. Get out of the alcohol trap now.  Every relapse is worse every day you are drunk you are not living....you're just taking up space while being a danger to those around you until you die and put yourself and your loved ones out of misery. Sorry for the ramble. I am thankful for SD and for all the great people who share their thoughts and stories. I am very thankful that I will not drink today and really live every part of it the good the bad and the great. 
Amen! I hit what I call a high bottom...thank god! ..IWNDWYT twin!!    
You described me too! Well said. 
I always thought an alcoholic is someone that woke up craving alcohol drank through the day and basically had to function while intoxicated. I quit drinking for 20 days as a way to detox and see if I could.  I did and then thought there ya go I'm not one of them...That is until I looked up the definition of an alcoholic on webmd and it's basically anyone who drinks more than several drinks a day or to intoxication and blackouts routinely.  Yep 3 days ago i realized I was an alcoholic and wanted my life back.
My story is almost identical. The biggest thing that I learned is that I didn't have to wait until the elevator slammed into the basement floor before I got off I could get off on any floor. For that I am truly grateful. 
This hits home with me. No one really knows how bad I got because I live alone and am not that social. I looked fine on the outside. I would attend all the functions I was supposed to but would have plenty of booze waiting for me at home when I returned. 
There was some awful cop show with an older dude who was clearly a long-time multiple addiction aka nightmare atreet person and he kept saying "a long as i'm doin' achievements". At the time seeing it my friend and I thought the phrase was kind of funny in the context he was beyond rock bottom and justifying his use as long as he accomplished whatever nebulous likely minor tasks he could still perform.....  but I grew to understand his mentality because I got to a point where checking the mailbox was an achievement and as long as I was doing that as hard as it was I felt like I might be ok.
I've also tried to look at it from another person's perspective. What would a stranger say about the guy who drinks half to 2/3rds of a fifth of booze every night? Who was getting shaky the last couple hours at work and rushed home to get the first few drinks in him? All of the usual nonsense that most of us here have done - any outsider who could see it would definitely have said yup that guy is an alcoholic..
Thanks for sharing your story. Could have been mine as well. IWNDWYT 
yep its pretty easy to convince yourself you dont have a problem when you compare yourself to the sterotype of an "alcoholic"..there is alot of power in acceptance and accepting where you are in your life...i use to find it very hard to justify to the outside world that i no longer drink because as you said it your wife was the only person who knew you had a problem. ..but then i remembered i dont need to justify anything to anyone and can joke around about it like 'i drank more in the last 10 years then you have your whole life!' or "if you want to have a beer with me you better be ready to call off of work tomorrow' 'how do you think i lost all this weight!' ..so i keep it fun and lighthearted now..2 months is an amazing achievement :)
This is so true. My story is pretty similar. All I knew was that with each passing year I was drinking more it was getting harder to keep my shit together and I knew my luck was running out. ..It took me a long time to realize this though. For a long time I thought as long as I am not the guy in the dumpster then I am not an alcoholic and I can keep on drinking. ..I think the thing about my drinking was that it was exponentially getting worse and I am certain that on that trajectory if left unchecked\- it was going to end in disaster.
Thank you.  I go back and forth on the word 'alcoholic' and whether it's helpful/accurate.  Then I read your post and realized that alcoholism is exactly like depression:  Some depressed people can't get out of bed some depressed people appear to lead normal lives.  It doesn't mean one is depressed and one isn't.
Thank you for sharing your story nelnor.
