-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p2kpr/can_you_maintain_sobriety_without_a_system_program/

I've been seeing a Cognitive Behavioral Therapist for the past little bit and she has helped me cut down dramatically on my drinking but I have not maintained full sobriety. She recently asked me if I was interested in AA to meet some other folks who have struggled with alcohol. ..I'm really reluctant to go to any face to face meetings. I prefer the interaction here and have been a lurker for a long time before actually making an account. I've been working on mindfulness reading about addiction and just trying to find better alternatives to drinking. ..Has anyone done this "on their own?". I have the support of my family and some close friends so I am not completely alone but do not have a group or program that I belong to. Do you think it is possible to get/stay sober without the use of some sort of system like AA SMART etc.?.
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't. I used some CBT but AA meetings saved my life. ..There are two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit. It might be worth it to just go sit in on a few. ..I was surprised to find that a lot of the people were pretty much just like me.  There is no long term commitment and the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking for 24 hours. ..If someone answers  Yes  I quit without a program what does that tell you?  How do you know they had the same amount of trouble as you?  ..Not everyone that drinks too much is an alcoholic and not everyone that quits drinking is an alcoholic. But not drinking is always healthier than drinking. ...I hope you at least read up on the recovery programs that are available. IWNDWYT 
I was involved with SMART.  They have a lot of resources available on line and follow the CBT model.  I realize many people don't care for meetings.  I find them therapeutic.  Listening and sharing with others just like this sub.  Face to face creates additional accountability for me.  I tried alone in the past.  Made it for years but ended up drinking again.  I wish you the best JB.
Nope.  Maybe some can but I can't.  And one of the recurrent discussions in AA is how hard every single one of us failed on our own.  I look at it like this- my best efforts got me a drinking problem I couldn't control no way in hell was I alone going to learn how to live a completely different way.
I've never been to AA this sub is my equivalent and it seems to be doing the trick so far.....Having said that I wouldn't be averse to going to a meeting at some point for a bit of practice at socialising sober... Recovering alkies are actually really nice people if this sub is anything to go by!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I have never been to any type of meeting and I have no desire to drink again.  Nor do I have a desire to sit anywhere and listen to people talk about how horrible their life was while they were drinking.
I tried and couldn't do it. I could put 2 or 3 months and then struggle with alcohol for 6 or 7 months. During the 2 to 3 months I was mostly miserable as well. AA has worked for me so far. 
I'm not against face-to-face meetings at all but I just use this sub so far. However I use it every single day. That is the system--consistent immersion. There are many ways to work it--the check in creating shares the badge lending an ear and helping others accepting community support and learning willingness to use it reading perennial wisdom IRC chat sidebar books and references and resources and just hanging out with the reality of alcohol to transform mindset.
Thanks for all the comments! I can't reply to all of them individually but it seems like some swear by programs like AA and others don't necessarily need it. I didn't make this post to confirm any plans I had to attend or not attend any kind of meeting. ..I was genuinely curious as to what people on this sub thought about programs/meetings/systems and the benefits. I'll keep checking in on the responses. I'm still debating the different options I have: AA meetings this sub (definitely staying here!) SMART online options (no meetings near me) books etc. 
I've only used this sub so far but will probably check out AA at some point...The reality is that we are all very different people; what works for some doesn't work for others. There is no one road to long term sobriety. I think getting sober in general is about be willing to change your ways and explore new ways of doing things (like socialising without alcohol). I think it's about being open to the different avenues to sobriety and finding what works best for you...Best wishes. IWNDWYT 
Has anyone done it on their own?  Yes.  Can everyone?  No.  We all have a similar problem here but we have it to varying degrees.  Some were daily drinkers some were weekend bingers round-the-clockers occasional drinkers but always to excess.  And even within these types or degrees one tool can help one person and be of no use to another.  I think the important thing is to be mindful of what is or is not helping YOU and to be open to trying other options if you are struggling...I don't know much about Smart but my favorite thing about AA is that it is everywhere and there is no sign up.  Even if I never go I can go at a moment's notice and find a room of people that will talk to me if I need it.  I know where several meetings are at different times of the day just in case.
Personally I dont work a program anymore and have found it way easier on me mentally and emotionally to abandon AA and the cognitive dissonance/mental gymnastics I had to do while I was working the steps. I'd be open to trying something like SMART or something a little more open minded if I could find anything in my area but for now I'm pretty content with immersing myself in things like writing bouldering and meditation. To each their own I suppose but I'm genuinely happy with where I'm at right now and don't feel an overwhelming need to "work a program".
[removed]
I've done it with the help of SD.  I don't think I would have stayed quit on my own considering I had been down that road already and didn't realize *staying* quit was actually an option.  Just watching other people really do this and finding support and approval here has been enough.  Had I had a more difficult time quitting though I was also committed to finding more help to get it done.  I may have gotten lucky.  I certainly feel like I got lucky!  If you're on the fence about quitting trust us when we talk about how surprisingly refreshing it is on this side of the habit.  It took me trusting that everything was going to turn out ok to get me through the toughest first bits.  Now? No regrets..IWNDWYT 
