-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p3zch/thoughts_on_365_days/

Its been a long time since I've posted on this subreddit. I normally just lurk and read stories but I figured i should post at 1 year. I used to be an active member of AA for a little bit and I am a little disappointing to not get a 1 year medallion but on the other hand I'm glad that I'm not heavily invested in a group like that. Mainly since over the past month I've been struggling really hard with not drinking and I would be too nervous about letting everyone down if I did end up drinking. Not drinking has become a habbit so I dont drink but I think about it often and the longer I am without alcohol the more easier it is so forget the sickness and the poison the despair and the desperation the pain and the hopelessness. Luckly the fear still keeps me straight but I don't think it will do it forever. I wish I had some kind of deep seated conviction for sobriety or belief in a higher power or that I was confident in my now "longish term" sobriety but i'm just not. A part of me really wants to drink the addict in me wants to do my drug sooo bad. ..I wish i could honestly say that i'm here as a beacon of hope that I have both strength and experience to share after these 12 months but that's not what I feel. I think I will go back to AA soon I have to or I will drink and I don't want to go back to square one...My mental state aside my health is obviously a lot better I went from the verge of seriously declining health and possible death back to a normalish 25 year old person. I can sleep again I don't have heartburn 24/7 and I don't wake up in a panic anymore. Life is far more peaceful now and i'm grateful for that. ..Again i'm sorry to not post a more hopeful view but I am trying to be as honest with myself as possible. Pretending things were different then they are never kept me sober before and even though my doubt scares me I think its important to not fake confidence in my sobriety. I don't want to die and I want to be perhaps never free but at least one step ahead of the shadow in the bottle that has followed me my whole adult life. I will not drink today and I hope you wont either. Tomorrow maybe but today is whats important I always try to remember that is the only thing that actually matters. Whatever happens no matter what just don't drink right now. ..Wishing you all the best and as everyone always says IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I do hope you go back to AA meetings. That saved my life. I don't onow if you worked the steps with a sponsor but that is when I transitioned from not drinking to being sober.  By the end of the first year the obsession with alcohol was gone. I had slowly become a non-drinker and I have not come close to a relapse since. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
HighFive for 1yr /u/handmedowntoothbrush! ..I'm glad you're here. Thanks for posting. I hope you will go back to AA. Think about getting a sponsor and working the steps. Doing this gave me insight sober living tools and acceptance of myself. 
One year is amazing. I think it is normal to have doubts and stupid voices in your head are counting on you to give up. ...Tell them to shut up! Do whatever you need to do not to give in..IWNDWYT! 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
