-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p6ri8/how_does_your_partner_support_you/

My partner doesn't drink. Never has. He does not have a family history of alcoholism either. Basically he has no clue what I am going through or why I ever wanted to drink in the first place. He is supportive....but has no clue how to help me. Hell he didn't even know I relapsed and hVe been drinking again.   I am looking for practical ways that he can support my sobriety. He says he is reluctant to even bring it up because he doesn't want to embarrass me. So how does your partner support you?  What can he do to support me?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been asked this by my partner before. The best answer I can come up with is being there. Being available to talk. That's all I need.
I found the best people to have in my support system were my therapist and folks at AA meetings. Expecting too much from a spouse puts a strain on the relationship. Perhaps you could go to an open AA meeting together where you would hear a speaker and he would learn. ..There is a plethora of information available on alcoholism in books and on the internet. ..Have you been specific about what you want from him? ..Often partners have been through a great deal due to our drinking. My partner had many feelings--embarrassment shame confusion sadness loss anger--and needed as much support as I did. We were the "walking wounded". ..Alcoholism is a deadly disease and getting professional help is what saved my life. ..
Not questioning things is a big one for me. When I say "I feel emotionally overwhelmed and want to lay on the couch and play on my phone tonight" my husband will say "ok if you want to talk or need anything let me know" but then will entertain himself for the evening. Him: "what did you do on your day off" me: "tried not to cry and slept because I couldn't handle life" him:" that sucks would you like to talk about it? No? okay I was going to make this for dinner I can make something else if you want it. if you have something you want to make that's fine too". He lets me know he's there but allows me the space I need to sort things out. He also allows me to be honest and treats my feelings as valid. I've felt ridiculous saying to him in public "I feel like I'm grieving a loss sometimes and (insert random trigger) just brought it up for me again and I feel like going start crying" and he will say something along the lines of " it's okay you need to feel that to process it. I've got you and we can figure it out together". 
Your story sounds very similar to mine. I asked a family member how she supports her alcoholic boyfriend she said she goes to alanon. I truly think that's one of the best ways a partner can be supportive learn about our addiction and learn how to not enable...and maybe most importantly that the addiction is not their fault nor something they can control in fact it's not about them at all but it affects them greatly. 
Listen. Give space. Encourage. We cannot expect empathy from those who haven't walked in our shoes. They cannot fathom our condition. It is normal to us. Not normal to them. We too must understand that and give them space to navigate how to deal with us. They will err. They may get it right. They may become frustrated with us. Human compassion goes a long way...Be well friend.
