-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8p9elo/last_night_at_the_aa_meeting_in_prison_tough_news/

It's strange how routine this has become. Going through the gates checkpoints the metal detector getting our 'get out of jail free' id card the short ride in the van to the 'program area' a building of classrooms the "how are you"s to the correction officers who are very definitely in  a prison of sorts too.  And then Bam! the alternate aspects of this universe become evident.  For example when we leave the battered van to walk fifty feet to the building the driver radios the CO inside to let them know we are coming.  There are 'eyes on us' until we get into the room where the meeting is held.  (the meeting is private \- and that is a welcome change for the men who have eyes on them 24/7.)..The format of this group is to early on ask if anyone has a "burning desire"  something they have to talk about before the meeting goes to whatever topic ... Often someone does and last night one of the men described being there when an outside ambulance was called for another prisoner who had a heart attack and died.  This rings the unspoken fear several of these men have the ones where "life" is the second part of their sentence e.g. 20 \- life.  And the feeling in the room was not unlike in an AA meeting on the outside when we learn of a member's death after they have 'gone back out'...Preachybit/ Alcoholism has been described as a "self constructed prison".  For me it was very apt.  For me recovery is freedom \- just as our meetings are an hour and a half of a semblance of freedom for these men. /preachybit..The man who died had not been a member of our group but another member who is now too sick to make it to the meetings is losing a battle with cancer.  And a month ago got "hit" at the parole board two years more before he gets another chance to go home.. this was spoken of in the discussion that followed.  It got real quiet for a bit...After this somber start the meeting picked up some but kept its intensity.  We read the 6th step \- essentially working on the things that made us drink the way we did.  I talked about my inclination to want just a little more than my share especially drugs and alcohol.  How I wanted the universe to create some loopholes with my name on them \- and then getting bent out of shape because I didn't get rewards I thought I deserved.... And anger how anger had not turned out to be the friend I thought it was...Another man picked up on the more than our share part of things  I had mentioned \- "I stopped drinking when a cop pointed a gun at my head and got handcuffed and then was stuffed in the back of a police car."..preachybit2/ There are many ways to stop drinking \- getting arrested certainly is at least short term effective \- as is a crash while driving drunk.  And they (or similar) will come if we stay on the rocky and increasingly step and slippery path drinking puts us on.  If you are still wondering "do I really need to stop?" and have read this far \- in a forum devoted to stopping drinking \- the answer is yeah \- that loophole I spoke of before doesn't have your name on it either./preachybit2..To hit this nail with a **sledgehammer**. On the way to prison last night I got a call from a friend who had been in these meetings some years ago. He's doing good on the outside. He told me about a guy he'd been trying to help who overdosed.  Doing drugs has always had an element of Russian Roulette \- these days the pistol has more than one bullet in the cylinder sometimes there are no empty chambers.  And the way we drink alcohol is not much safer...If quitting drinking had solved all my problems if somehow my warped and cracked self esteem had been recast in appropriate size and shape if I miraculously developed social skills if my attitude towards life had become appropriate \-\-I would not have relapsed the times I did (and I am lucky I came back each and every time).  I also would not need the reminders and touch ups that meetings still give me.  So yeah I still go to meetings.  And I actually enjoy them \- that's the essence of the trick as I see it...And then the meeting was over the men returned to their dorms \- and I returned to my home where I am no longer a prisoner of my fears and anger and overreactions.  
----------immediate responses--------

Slip as always thank you for your unique insight.  Thank you for giving your time to help others.  Wishing you the best!
That's a real "there but for the Grace of G_d" reminder.... of all that is worth fighting for in this freedom we are creating. Thank you..
Thank you. I appreciate the posts including the preachy bits.
Thank you.
I'm new here. Is there a particular reason you attend a meeting in a prison?..Really enjoyed this post so much so I saved it. Thanks for sharing!
Damn. Not only is the content here excellent but this is just beautifully written. Thanks for sharing.
always love these updates. as others have said you clearly know what you're doing on a page (or screen as it may be). and .&gt; If you are still wondering "do I really need to stop?" and have read this far - in a forum devoted to stopping drinking - the answer is yeah - that loophole I spoke of before doesn't have your name on it either.may as well have had a " kate." at the end of it. so thanks
 How I wanted the universe... . ..Totally get this. Thank you for articulating something I couldn't quite pull together in my mind...IWNDWYT!
This is sobering.  It's a good reminder for me to be grateful for the many freedoms that I take for granted.  Thanks for sharing. 
I love so many things about this sub but your posts are always some of my favorite. Thank you for what you do and thanks for sharing it with all of us. 
beautiful. 
Thank you for this well written post. One of my sponsors and i once did a 12 step call about 5 hours from where we lived. We packed up a fellow's shit and drove him to town straight to detox. He later died of a heart attack in jail.  We knew him as an acquaintance.  I also have lost 2 friends to addiction.  It sucks. Damn straight this is a fatal disease if left untreated.  I still help others. It reminds me that i have a lot to be grateful for. And maybe helps me be a little less selfish.  Great to read your post.
Thank you for sharing.
Appreciate the efforts you're making to reach out to others.  I can't imagine my life if it were that way but its good they have each other -- and you.
