-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pbg2s/anyone_else_in_the_gray_area_struggling_with/

I guess I'm just reaching out to see who else feels they are in this position. High functioning (currently) but wants to stop drinking. Family/friends unaware of the struggle but you're worried that it's becoming increasingly difficult to stop at one or two drinks. Realizing that you're not reaching your full potential that alcohol is dampening the 'magic' of life. Starting to feel a bit dead inside. Like it's harder to access the best version of yourself. ..I guess I just want to know I'm not alone in this. I think I'd like to step off the elevator it just seems particularly difficult right now. 
----------immediate responses--------

That was definelty where I felt I was before i stopped. The more distance I have put between me and it I have realized just how dark that grey area was. The book This Naked Mind helped me take the first steps and reframe my relationship with alcohol. I also found a lot of value in the Refuge Recovery Inventory. All the best to you. You are contemplating the best gift you can ever give yourself. I will not drink with you today.
I assumed I was in the grey area. .And then I was in a VERY grey area. .Literally grey. .I was in jail I mean. 
I was there before stopping. I knew I couldn't stop at 1 or 2 but had established 4 as a nightly last stand past which I'd drink everything I could before crashing. When I think about moderation I think maybe only out with friends or coworkers but I know that won't last. ..At this point sobriety is starting to feel like a super power and even though weed is easier for me to control my mind is clear enough to see that each high or combo high I was chasing was never enough and was basically escape. I don't know when if ever I'll want to grab a spliff or edible but alcohol is a pretty clear nogo. 
Yes I was similar although I could never stop at one or two. I was still high functioning at my job and planned the times I drank to my days off. My wife knew the amount I drank but since I mostly did it by myself after her and our kid were asleep it didn't negatively effect our relationship. That said drinking caused me to be more sluggish and in general depressed. Although you are high functioning you are also directing time and energy to drinking that could be used for better things...I feel that mostly people would outwardly see me and think I'm responsible and have it all together but the drinking was causing me to feel lost inside. For this reason I decided I wanted to stop. So my story is similar to you. Just because we aren't waking up each day and drinking vodka doesn't mean there isn't a problem.
This was exactly me. I have built an successful career have a happy marriage and generally have a really great life. Just...I realized if I can have all that while constantly thinking of my next drink  how much am I holding myself and my potential back by not removing that distraction? I can achieve and give even more if my next drink isn't constantly on my mind. 
Yep. I was there for 20 years. My elevator went down slooooow. Alcoholism is a progressive disease so it will only get worse.
I've been living in the gray area for two years now. If you ever want motivation to change stop by r/cripplinalcoholism . That sub is nightmare fuel for people like you and me. The best quote I've heard from  a user there is "we were all functioning alcoholics once".
You're not alone. I have a good paying career beautiful family respect from the community and I am very much an alcoholic. Nobody knows I am excellent at hiding it or so I think because no one has said anything. Problem is symptoms of drinking were catching up to me and I decided I've had enough. It doesn't make me any less of an alcoholic but after tapering I'm facing my first day sober and I cannot tell you the difference it makes. A clear head puts everything in perspective and like some people say you realize that the "gray area" is a lot darker than it seems. As I sit here struggling to get through my first day of sobriety I find it hard to believe 7 days ago I was in the office sipping on something occasionally to keep the shakes and sweats off. I thought I was in the gray area my life from an outsider's perspective was perfect. They couldn't be further from the truth. Good luck
this resonates with me.  I love drinkning at night but know there are so many more productive things I COULD be doing.  I even made a list!  I know I need to stop for health reasons but I just love getting drunk before bed...
This is the worst. The only thing pushing me to stop is the physical pain from drinking 6 Days a week. And the depression from not doing all the things I know I'm capable of but I get so manic when I don't drink I use it to temper my energy on purpose. So hard to not be able to sleepetc. I'm going to check out the other thread. 
Hey it's okay to stop drinking. I stopped too late. I went on and - bang! ..Lost money and opportunities (had it retold to me that) I almost kicked a guard in the stomach and crushed bottles when I hit my rock bottom and found this sub. I was depressed and suicidal and I thought about stopping when I was "gray". ..If you feel like stopping maybe you should. If so I look forward to seeing you around.
Yup. Functioning but not really living for 20+ years.  I feel a LOT better after 80 days of not drinking but now the living part has to start and it's scary as hell. IWNDWYT 
yeah I was at that point for a long time before I quit. I was always very high achieving and just partied really hard on weekends. Plus drank beer or wine to unwind on the weekdays. I think my achievements/high functioning became fuel for my problem drinking in that it enabled it to continue to get worse. When I started to feel out of control I'd just double down at work. Then eventually I added classes in hopes that I just physically wouldn't have time or energy to overdrink. Started going to the bar for a drink when I got off work because I'd have an hour or so to kill before classes. Became harder and harder to stick to just one drink. Sometimes unpredictably I'd decide to skip class and just drink instead. My last night drinking started out like that and I ended up wrecking my car in a blackout. Like many people in recovery say: it's progressive so it only gets worse over any considerable length of time. I luckily didn't lose my job and was even able to take disability for rehab. I had enough money saved to handle legal fees and even replace the car. As far as alcoholics go my "rock bottom" is relatively high and in some ways that can be dangerous. It's easy to write it off as a slip while ignoring all the ways it had progressed over time. I've decided I don't need it to get any worse to learn my lesson. I had tried to quit once four years ago due to a scare and it already did get worse so I don't need to do that experiment again...Hopefully that's mostly on-topic and my experience helps. Hope you find what works for you and I'm here if you want to talk. Best of luck!
yep totally been there. worried about it for years and looking back I wish I had taken steps THEN instead of when the problem progressed from anxiety about 2-3 a night to 7-8. It was REALLY hard to stop then. So take care of yourself now. 
Yeah. People would think I'm decently successful but I was using alcohol to avoid issues. ..Drinking for me and many others is misery masked by sips of euphoria. ..Living without drinking is way way better for me even if its tough to face those issues...IWNDWYT!
This is 100% me and it's starting to get really scary. You are definitely not alone.
Me me me!  My drinking wasn't anything spectacular - 3-5 glasses of wine nightly.  Everything OK on the outside (job husband &amp; kids family &amp; friends fitness) But...and here's the big but...I wasn't ok on the inside.   I'm a smallish gal (5'4 109 lbs) whose tolerance up to a few years ago was two glasses of wine MAX  on an irregular basis (probably also some genetic thing too as most of my family on one side don't have a typical tolerance for alcohol).  Due to various life circumstances (stressors) I found myself slowly slipping into (1) wanting ... and then needing my daily allotment (2) increasing my amount to get that number out feeling that I used to get from two glasses.  (3) opting out of connections - with others and even with myself.  ..Basically my life quietly turned gray while I was sitting on my couch sipping wine after everyone went to sleep chasing some sort of false sense of relaxation...I don't think it matters how much a person drinks - or how well things look on the outside...if the insides are whispering that things are not quite right it's worth noting.  I have no doubt where I was headed.  I just decided to get off the elevator earlier than most - doesn't make the reality that much easier (and in some ways maybe it makes it harder...because gray means there aren't any bight-line must stop moments).  But I can say with out a doubt that I know my life is better alcohol-free and I'm going to fight to ride the elevator all the way back to the top because the view so much more beautiful and clear from the top.  
Wonderful family. Lots of friends. Great job. Active/respected in community/volunteering. Hard working. Hobbies. Athletic. All the good stuff anyone would probably want in life..However...much of it I did buzzed or drunk or with the intention of drinking. Hid it well..I had close friends/family that had NO idea how much I was drinking..I could generally control how much and when but SO MUCH of my energy was spent controlling when where how what. And situations when I did not have to 'control' it then I often drank to pass out..That's all gone. .I will suggest that if you here in this sub and asking these questions you are most likely past the grey area..I will also recommend 'This Naked Mind'. It was just enough to help me walk off that elevator even when I wasn't necessarily completely ready to. Cannot recommend sobriety enough..It is amazing how many of those haunting questions or conversations you have with yourself just disappear!
That was me. It never lasts. It will slowly steal everything while you rationalize that you're holding yourself together. ..Don't touch the fucking shit again.
You are not alone. I love wine. Too much. I look forward to it. Too much. I am reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace hoping for a miracle and that I can convince my unconscious mind that I don't want to drink. I can't imagine that ever happening. It actually causes me anxiety. I am high functioning in good health (blood work fantastic) never had a black out never miss work because of it but why is it that I always feel like I need to have a glass of wine in hand? Wine has become an obsession a toxic best friend. I've gone 21 days without her but I missed her so much I went back. (((Sigh))) And yes you guessed it I suffer from anxiety and depression and my therapist and I often discuss my relationship with wine. I just want to get to a point where I don't think about it so much. I want to go back to the days when I drank only when I went out with friends or on weekends. When alcohol didn't mean so much to me. Addiction bites. 
That was me \- So 'high functioning' for so long \- no missed work no horrible work party drama competent at my job keeping a neat house etc.  But nearly totally absent for my family for decades pounding ibuprofen nearly every morning stumbling through my life making excuses nursing hangovers (secretly) and barely hanging on emotionally.  My job suddenly got 100X more stressful about 18 months ago with new leadership and inconsistent demands and my usual response to stuff like this has ALWAYS been to drink drink drink.  This time though I went the other direction and quit drinking and OMG the difference is amazing.  Seriously.  The stress is still there and trust me there's nothing quite like having an inconsistent narcissistic 'leader' \- talk about pulling your hair out.  But I'm not only dealing but I'm kicking ass.  I've upped my professionalism considerably lost 30 pounds and am dressing far more professionally and I actually have plans A B and C to deal with all aspects of this even if I lose my position.  Head held high for real.  Now for the first time in a long time I am actually high functioning not just kinda\-sorta.
I'm currently right there with you. From the outside I look like I have it all together but in reality I'm hardly a husk of what I could be. I can't even remember the last time I managed a full week of work without being terribly hungover for at least two of the days. Needless to say that's a good 16hrs subtracted from my work week yet I'm still having to perform like I have the usual 40 that everyone else has. There's a reason why I'm constantly stressed out about work and why I can't seem to stop falling behind. 
I was there for years but the last year has been really a downfall. Missing a lot of professional and personal goals. Some people would say functional but I say disease-ridden.
I was on that train for a long while. The tinge feeling of 'this isn't right' that you're feeling now will grow as you feed it until every other part of you is tucked away in a corner and that's all that exists.
I was very very much there 7 years ago.  Early 40s Successful in my job businesses marriage parenting friends wealth.  I was the picture of success to most everybody who knew me.  Everybody knew I liked beer but hey don't we all? ..Nobody not even my wife knew how hard it was to stop every day after 'only' 6 or 8 beers.  ..Nobody knew how hard I struggled in sports and exercise.  Everybody struggles right?  And hey I finished an Ironman in under 11 hours I must be in decent shape.  Only I could feel how my body was impaired and sub\-optimal...Nobody knew that my brain was constantly fuzzy or dull...Nobody knew that alcohol was the major cause of my depression anxiety restlessness unhappiness. "Hey join the club it's called being an adult with responsibilities."..Nobody knew what I would be like without alcohol...Nobody considered me an alcoholic.  Except me...It turns out I'm so much better off without alcohol but I really wasn't sure of that before I quit.  Nobody else told me to quit...To this day 6\+ years later most people still balk at my self\-diagnosis.  I can tone it down by calling it a 'drinking problem' instead of that loaded word 'alcoholic'...You know yourself better than anyone else does.
What makes an alcoholic is mostly WHY you are drinking. Try to focus on that. For "normal" people a relatively small amount of alcohol in their lives enhances things. They unwind relax feel more social have fun appropriate to the situation and then stop.  We drink to escape. We drink because we can't stand reality and how we FEEL. So we change it. If you realize that alcohol is not adding to your life but taking away you are virtually assured to be an alcoholic. I hope this helps. Actually you are in a really good position because the shit hasn't really hit the fan yet. If you stop now you can save yourself decades of misery. Because it ALWAYS gets worse. It does not get better. Best of luck to you.
Yes I felt very much like this when I stopped. At the time I was very much a weekend warrior but it took until about Wednesday to feel normal again. Not at all easy to see from the outside hence quite a few questions when people realised I'd stopped for good...The way I did it was to commit to not drinking for a month. Stubbornness saw me through some of the early part but by the end I was convinced that staying off the sauce is the way for me...I will not drink with you today.
I liken "high functioning" to being like a car stuck in second gear. you get there but much more noise takes longer ... and then you are stuck in first gear even more noise only going 20 on the freeway.   sooner or later reverse is all that works but you get there anyway but develop a crick in your neck and spend much time learning to steer using a mirror...Not worth it.  And it won't last.
Definitely in the same boat. Not a huge drinker but I drink consistently (not using the past tense bc I've only stopped for 6 days). I realized it only made me unhappy and made my weekends a split between a hint fun and the rest physical recovery from the booze. Also I'm very ambitious and want to start my own stream of income. The goal is to become financially independent from a 9 to 5 job. The only way I know I can reach my goals is to stop drinking. I'm a more resilient optimistic and happier person without booze...My friends don't understand but honestly who cares. I'll be  that guy  at the party that gets harassed and be more than happy to take it. At the end of the day I'm moving in the right direction and pushing to achieve my goals. Side note: a cup of coffee in the morning is wayyyyy better without a hangover. Man are mornings so much more bearable...Wish you the best. Stay positive. Stay driven.
Wow. So many of us here! I'm at work now so can't read them all but will definitely later! It's comforting to know...For myself I'm highly respected at work (got a perfect score on my last review!) have a nice house husband great kid dog. But I'm constantly afraid the neighbors will spot all the bottles we hide under the amazon cardboard on recycling pickup day. Then there are days I'm so angry at myself for drinking too much I take it out on my husband. The only time we fight is when I'm drunk. I drink 6 or so a night more on weekends. I'm 35 lbs overweight and just got diagnosed with fatty liver...I broke down and went to a psychiatrist yesterday after many failed attempts quitting on my own to get some Antabuse. Even he seemed to think I didn't have much of a problem - he said I had  mild  substance use disorder and basically gave me the meds just because I asked for them. ..But I'm tired of being tired out of shape scared of affecting my son in the long run and most of all the shame. I want to enjoy the nice life I've worked so hard to make. I want to be my best self and be like those pictures of 65 year old ladies who are still dancing proving life doesn't end at 45. I don't want to be a pathetic fat boozesack at 50.
I was there until I wasn't. If you believe that alcohol is problematic in your life and you have problems with moderation you should stop in my opinion. It's easier to stop at this stage than it is farther down the alcoholism scale. ..Don't make the mistake of believing that because things seem to be somewhat minor and under control that it will remain that way forever. I was there once. Most people in this sub probably were. If you have moderation problems your issues with alcohol can (and likely will) get worse as you get older. In my experience an inability to moderate alcohol isn't something that just cures itself with time. You may never become the proverbial "drunk bum under the bridge" but as your tolerance increases an inability to moderate still sticks around. The more alcohol you consume with moderation issues the more quickly things can fall off the rails...I admire you a lot. I wish that I had the foresight to recognize my problem when it was still a minor one and stop. Most people aren't smart enough because it hasn't really had a measurable negative effect on their life. If you stop now you can make sure that it never does :). Life's better with out it anyway. Trust me. 
For sure. I feel like I'm there now and just keeps getting worse so I know I have to quit for good. 
It's hard for me to imagine a grey area NOT existing.  I think what you are going through is quite normal and for myself I got into trouble precisely because this grey area is the time I \*needed\* to stop but was also the time it was \*most difficult\* to stop...When I drank hardly at all there was no reason to stop...When I wrecked my car and got a DUI it was \*easy\* to stop...When I first had thoughts about stopping in that grey area... THAT's when it was hard to stop.  But that was when I \*needed\* to stop. ..As a side note my family/friends were aware of a lot more than I allowed myself to believe.
not quite...I'm in the gray area of A) fully accepting that sobriety has been great and is healthy long-term but B) struggling with big events and "planned" relapses roughly once a month when family visits or for weddings
It's never easy. It's always worth it.
I was in the gray for 7-8 years. Kept it hidden from coworkers. Kept it hidden from family (well my wife knew of course). Was chugging along just fine at work. Was promoted several times to finally earn some decent money. Then somehow very slowly it went from gray to black. Like I couldnt pinpoint a specific incedent. The amount I drank didnt even increase (it was cinsistently heavy throughout). ..It was my health. Slowly went downhill. Quit working out. Gained 75 pounds. Developed IBS. Puffy face. Dangerously high blood pressure. Mood swings and almost always irritable whether drinking or not. Lost my good sense of humor. Lost my charm. Lost friends in the workplace. Then friends in real life. Lost job. Nearly lost wife. ..My diet was the same. But as I got older my metabolism slowed and the drinks started putting on weight. My ability to motivate to stay in shape went away. Hangovers got worse...You cannot stay in the gray. Slowly and surely it is pulling you into the black. Its a slow process but it will overtake you. Theres no cheating its slow wear on your organs and your mins... Unless you stop while you are ahead. You got away with murder. Nows the time to stop not when its too late. 
if it helps I would point out the contradiction in your post..* "high functioning" // "not reaching potential as a result"...I thought I was high-functioning in terms of working out until I saw the difference in improvement at the gym when I went twice as often and didn't have thousands of empty calories every week
I've been wanting to make basically this exact post for a good couple weeks and haven't been able to find the courage but you put it very well. Thank you you aren't in a boat alone but I don't know what to do with it either. 
This was me. Steadily working myself ahead in my profession great family nice house two cars private school tuition etc. But sometimes you know you can do better and you know WHY you could be doing better. Its not just about the rewards of course but of actually living up to your potential...Don't hesitate to improve your life. Make a decision and then stick to that - don't bring it up for a vote again. Know that your life can be better if you aren't thinking about how to fit your drinking into it or hiding it from others or wasting time you spend drinking when you could be spending that time with your family advancing your career or just enjoying life...8.5 years have not looked back.
Abso-fucking-lutely..I'm in my mid 30s make low 6 figures have a great partner loft dogs a good life...That being said liquor is holding me back. I don't drink all nights I don't drink most nights but I tend to binge drink heavily on the weekends which seems to have a mental impact on my week...I have little interest in learning anything my emotions are stinted I'm not the person I know I can be if I quit drinking altogether. ..I'm disengaged from the world. I'm not happy or sad I'm not passionate about anything. I do like going on a binge sometimes its fun (sometimes its not)...Liquor is stinting my enjoyment of life and my ability to embrace my inner self and take the world into my arms...All that being said why am I not quitting? Honestly because half the time it is quite fun. It's fun to go play bingo all day and drink it's fun to drink and go out dancing and act like a kid. It's fun to change my mental state from one thing to another...Will I quit? I'm not sure. I read this subreddit quite often. I quit for a few weeks and noticed I felt a lot better. ..In the end I think I'm someone who internalizes a lot. I think constantly. Liquor gives me an outlet to get out of my own head. I think that is the long and short of it. The bottle is there when life is too much and the bottle is there when you're kind of bored with everything else.
If you think you're high functioning now... just wait. Sobriety is the easy button on life. Just wish someone would have told me sooner. 
Yup that was me. Don't have to hit rock bottom before you stop digging. I got tired of how drinking was making me feel. That was enough.
Yes...In college I actually would get into trouble drinking. Ended up in the drunk tank once the hospital once . But I  figured it out  to an extent and now I have a decent job and can simultaneously drink nightly and binge on the weekend. I constantly feel like I'm 
Also known as being middle class in the fifties.
My brother said something similar when I told him I was struggling.  We're just too good at holding it all together and pushing through.  
Welcome to half of us in this subreddit! ..The other 12 steps for many of us here:..1) I only binge drink on weekends. In my early 20's it was fine...2) I still binge drink on weekends but in my late 20's it is not fine...3) I will stop drinking for a few months to "prove" I can stop...4) Celebrate this achievement by getting hammered one weekend...5) Decide to moderate on weekends instead...6) Binge drink again on weekends eventually and wonder how this happened?..7) With a lot of effort willpower and too much thought about the subject you achieve moderation...8) Moderation still produces hangovers and a feeling of not living up to your potential...9) Realize alcohol will never be anything other than addictive poison no matter the quantity...10) Mourn the loss of the party...11) Finally stop drinking. ..12) Check in with this subreddit frequently to remind yourself why.
Yup. That's the main reason I stopped. Felt like it's been keeping me from being the best version of myself. Finding out that was a correct assumption. 
I'm right there with you bud. Problem is I don't have time or money to take days off and deal with the withdrawals. Every time I attempt I end up getting the shakes really badly and know I like there is a problem. Plus I get paranoid I'm going to have to go to the hospital again. At this point I'm trying to slowdown but have a few just to keep the symptoms at bay. I want off this fucking thing but don't at the moment have the time and means to deal with it 
Yes. Kept wondering what the breaking point was going to be. Couldn't go more than a day without drinking and never just one or two. Ultimately I was worried about my health because my heart would beat so hard before sleep and my stomach would ache or other parts of my body. Couldn't imagine needing a new liver or kidney because of my need to drink myself to sleep. I haven't been sober for very long but I'm about to start a new job and don't want to go in hungover and realize how obvious it is to my coworkers that I drink too much. (drank too much) 
You're definitely not alone there. I suspect a lot of people I know are in this area. Drinking is just so damn ingrained in the culture where I live (and just in the US in general). I started to come to this realization slowly over the past couple of years. I was in denial for a while but eventually I just couldn't do that any more. I got so sick of feeling like shit all the time never being able to accomplish things I wanted to accomplish having health scares. All that. But the whole time I was able to maintain a relationship friendships a job. I wasn't calling into work for hangovers (just powering through them!) so I thought "hey I'm functional this is okay". It is until it isn't.
That's where I was a few weeks ago. Could not control alcohol drinking nearly daily drinking more but showing up to work friends and family weren't concerned now legal troubles.  ..A few weeks sober and I do feel better. My problems are still there. But I'm not as sick feeling and my head is clear. Weight is down. Less guilt. ..It's not easy by any means. I need to see a therapist and look at medications for my anxiety. I need to find a job that doesn't stress me out so much. ..And I still have cravings. A lot. But I haven't given in and haven't regretted being sober this long. 
Man I was just thinking about how to describe my own situation and couldn't quite find the words. Honestly thanks to you I think this may have crystallized my desire to be done with alcohol. My entire vacation I've  just sat at home and drank and felt sorry for myself. I've missed out in going fishing with a friend and coffee with a gal. Whelp that's it for me day one for me is today. Thank you OP and thank you to this sub Reddit for letting me lurk and gain the courage to quit! 
Yep. Gray zone is very real. I was a night drinker and would drink most of a bottle of whisky and then pass out. I powered through my day after throwing up in the shower every single morning and no one outside of my family knew I drank a lot but I felt dead inside most days. The gray zone was real it was like all the colour had been sucked out of the world and I was struggling just to get through the day. ..74 days sober today. It's not an easy journey. I had some pretty harsh withdrawals for the first week and seriously almost cripplingly intense cravings for the second week. (which is where you're at) ..You WILL get through it though. As you keep denying your body alcohol it will start to forget why it wanted it in the first place. Your brain will slowly start to rewire itself back to it's normal state and abstaining becomes much easier. ..IWNDWYT.
I keep typing a bunch of shit and then just deleting it. I'm all over the place...But no you're not alone. All of that hits home. 
I was 100% that. When I decided to stop people wondered why because I  didn't have a problem  and  other people drinking way more!  and those are the thoughts I had all the time before I finally quit! I didn't drive drunk I didn't blackout I didn't really have hangovers the next day (I didn't think I did at least) but i still had a problem. I looked forward to drinking. I loved buying MY bottle of wine or MY 6-pack (don't dare ask me to share!!) and relaxing. Or getting some all day IPA and doing a whole house cleaning while drinking and listening to music.  But it wasn't good for my outsides my insides or my family to see drinking so much being normalized...Since quitting I feel amazing I have lost 16 lbs my appetite has gone to back to normal set point (when I was always thin) because my blood sugar is regulated again my skin looks years younger and most importantly I am sober all the time. I used to hate nights when my kids needed a later pick up from friends houses or events because it would delay my drinking time. And now if at any time anyone needs me (like my kids when they are at sleep overs etc) I can be there! ..Only you know if quitting it right for you. Take it one day at a time!
Yes that's me. I've begun intermittent fasting and this eating plan includes not having any calories after 7 pm. This has helped reign in my drinking a lot. I've been off and on the wagon a few times in the past couple years. I'm trying to moderate right now and things seem OK but I know I have to be careful!! (I need a badge reset but haven't done so yet...).
I always thought I was high functioning too but was starting to think 'oh I'm getting older recovery is taking longer now' 'it would be better for my health &amp; energy levels to drink less' and other similar thoughts. There was that growing feeling that I needed to change my habits around alcohol. Decided to try a dry January - it did not go well.  ..I realized I had a problem not because of how much I was drinking or any life-altering events but because it felt so so difficult to stop.  I'm still early on in this journey but my dry spells are longer and relapses shorter - so my 'batting average' is improving steadily. 
Most definitely! Highly functioning alcoholic with daily drinks almost everyday since high school. (I'm 33 now) I've gotten sober from everything else and don't feel physically compelled to drink but being able to electively not drink for days in a row is a challenge I've just started (I'm on day 4). I've known so many people who binge more recklessly than me go through withdrawals. So far I've been super lucky and relatively free of physical symptoms. It's the mental struggle and feeling  bored  that are problematic. It's awesome that you can assess so clearly how you feel! That's a great step in the right direction. I wish you luck!
Yes that was exactly me. ..I used to joke that I was a reverse vampire... as in I never left the house after the sun went down. I never made plans at night; I knew I would cancel because I would rather drink alone than do anything social or otherwise. The only times I would make an exception were 1) If I had to or 2) If I knew there was alcohol involved. Eventually people stopped asking me to do things. ..During the day I was functional even overly productive sometimes. I have a busy physically intensive job where I have to juggle a lot of responsibilities and I (mostly) succeeded in multitasking everything while I was drinking...As soon as I got home I could not wait for the sense of relief I got from pouring my first drink. And the second and the sixth. As soon as that first sip was down I was useless.  After a few drinks the despair and self loathing would creep in.  Luckily  after awhile I didn't care anymore and I would go to bed wake up feeling like garbage and do it all again. ..I didn't and don't like my job (although now I am actually taking the initiative to change that). I kept it because my schedule allows me to start a bit later in the mornings with flexible hours... good for those days when you are so hungover that dragging yourself out of bed is like climbing Mount Everest. But of course at the time that was normal and worth it. ..One of the most insidious things about alcohol is its ability to monopolize your time and energy. I have missed out on so many opportunities and experiences because alcohol convinced me that it would be more rewarding to stay at home in bed watching Netflix and getting drunk. My sobriety has given those hours back to me and although I still struggle with motivation depression and anxiety at least now I'm clearheaded enough to know when my brain is lying to me. .
I understand how you feel.  .  .For a long time I felt like I was in this grey area. I would occasionally try to quit but it wouldn't really work and I'd remember that it wasn't really that bad it just wasn't ideal so I'd give up on quitting and just keep drinking and doing what I was doing. I mean I had a job I was independent I had some hobbies I was fine. I just drank a lot when I drank so what? What's the problem there?      .  .A big thing was I had other friends I could look at and see who were just clearly so much worse off than I was. Alcoholics who'd been in and out of rehab etc. I'd think "I'm not having as bad a time as they are so I must be fine or close enough to fine so I'm basically OK."  .  .Then I totaled my car in a DUI got sober and had some really good introspection time and hindsight time and with new clarity I revisited all that time in my life and I realized that my "grey area" was a whole lot darker and longer than I thought when I was still in it. Being on the other side outside looking back -- "hindsight is 20/20" as they say.  .  .I do not know if I would have been able to "get off the elevator" before I crashed my car so I'm grateful that it woke me up to what I was doing. I think sometimes the best motivator for change is a sudden and impactful event to really shock you.  . .  .The slow sink into darkness is harder to escape than the sudden collapse. 
This describes me exactly as well. I have such a complicated relationship with alcohol I've had nights that have gone great and that I genuinely loved and felt as though I drank responsibly. I've also had awful embarassing nights and nights where I really fucked up. I WANT to stop but its just such a part of my social circle that I feel like I would lose friends. 
Depends who you talk to . Many doctors will write any alcohol problem off as alcoholism. It doesn't matter how you classify it; if your rational mind tells you that it is a problem but somehow that voice isn't there when you get off work and go straight for a beer then you need to listen to your rational mind. Write what it says and put it somewhere you will read it while you would normally be going for the beer. The grey area is real!! 
I was in a grey area definitely. My ex (who I had been living with) said he didn't even realize I had a drinking problem because I would never drink around him. We fought enough when he was drunk and I was sober and it was orders of magnitude worse when we were both drunk. So yeah the people in my life didn't really notice...I was curious around the the time that my life was spiraling out of control if I was crazy because I had a drinking problem or if I had a drinking problem because I was crazy. Now that I'm medicated and have been through intensive therapy I can say I definitely was self-medicating with alcohol for untreated mental illness. As a result of the therapy and medication I am successful with drinking in moderation now. I know I am the exception and not the rule. I wouldn't recommend moderation to others. I have very strict guidelines for myself and I follow them. I have never lied to my therapist about drinking. I didn't drink once at my friend's bachelorette party last weekend because I didn't want to not because I felt like I couldn't...I stay in this sub because I still come across people in my life all the time who don't respect my choice not to drink. Everyone here gets that. People in my life sometimes don't understand my rules and they don't understand why I had to make them for myself. I love having this community that understands that that supports my choice not to drink for the majority of the time. I still struggle with the same things as completely sober people even though I choose to drink a handful of times a year...Point is just because my life was still mostly together didn't mean I didn't need to quit drinking. I did. There's a reason you are worried.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMW6xgPgY4s&amp;t=6m22s
I'm in the same boat OP.  I even went 3 years sober from everything which at the time included opiates.  I slowly began drinking again but it doesn't do me any good.  ..I feel like if I go back to meetings I will be in an awkward position because I'm not really at a "rock bottom".
Dude I have been for about 3-4 years. I've literally quadrupled my income in the past few years but then I've had bouts where I just get stuck with hangovers and go nowhere. It SUCKS.
Kratom will instantly make you not give a shit about drinking. I'm not the first to go from 8-12 beers a night to maaaaaybe 2 a week. It's like being a normie. Like oh I think I'll have a beer. Oh that was nice. No I don't need another thanks. So now that I've solved alcoholism what's next?
You are not alone.  I've been a problem drinker for years but I've never really faced any real consequences from it.  No DUI's good career happily married with great kids good family and friends not one of who knows I have a problem with alcohol...But I do.  It's only now that I'm getting older and starting to feel the toll it's taken on my body.  I'm pretty sure I've done real damage to myself.  I do go to the Dr. and never had any serious issues short of the typical stuff for someone like me but I'm kinda terrified at what they will find next.  Even if I'm ok physically it's done a number on my mental health at the very least...I've been able to rationalize it for years because of my high functioning because when I have tried to quit or taken a break I've never suffered from withdrawal symptoms.  In many ways I wish my drinking had caused issues something so I could feel that rock bottom moment.  Without it it's been so easy to let it keep happening...I'm trying again only have a couple weeks this time but I feel like something is a bit different this time.  Who knows what the future holds but I'm trying.  I know your struggle well it is a difficult one.  I sincerely wish you the best and hope you find your way off the elevator.
I didn't know it's called a grey area. I guess I am there now. I work hard (literally) and come ope and pour a drink first thing. The wife has started complaining that I am becoming a daily drinker from a weekend drinker. True is It's been tis way for almost 6 months now. Every day is a struggle to not drink. However it is relaxing and I sleep better. Te morning after isn't as much fun. I am late to work. Tired. Sometimes I have a headache. I try to go to the gym and lift weights as I recently realized I enjoy that as opposed to the treadmill. I sleep better even without a drink if I work out after work. However work as become 14 hours of meetings a day. I know my health is deteriorating. My son complains that I am not around enough. I guess I am caught in a cycle that I need to break. One day at a time but I am glad to say today is a rare day when I did not drink.
There is a great memoir about this - "Girl Walks Out of a Bar" - highly recommend. A great read about a high functioning lawyer and her realization that she needed to get into recovery. 
I was there for 15 years.
Yep. Didn't realise how much I missed myself until I quit. Definitely the most colourful version of myself sober - despite what drinks companies try to market to us!
I was a closet drinking for a long time.  I never found any point in having 1\-2 drinks.  I drank to get intoxicated.  I was great at being a "functioning" alcoholic and a workaholic.  I did very well in my grad program and first job.  I did so well in the first year of my career that my boss gave me a raise.  I joked with myself that I was operating at 75&amp;#37; as a closet drunk and could get a better job if quit drinking and operated at 90&amp;#37;.  I actually started hoping I would crash and burn at work so that I would stop drinking.  At the time there is nothing anyone could have said to me to stop drinking.  I couldn't not drink \- if this makes sense.  I was incredibly miserable.  I eventually stopped 5 years later because of health issues and the fact that alcohol made me feel dizzy and unwell after only a few drinks.
You sound like one of my friends at AA. He runs a successful business coaching other people how to reach their potential and yet was drinking himself to death secretly. He 'knew' he wasn't an alcoholic because he never drank at work or in the morning before work but only after 5 pm. ..But he withdrew from his wife and family so that he could spend two hours a night 'getting his quota' as he puts it. Obviously the relationship with his wife was strained and in fact his son became an alcoholic as well. (They are both in my AA group!) His life was going by with a big chunk spent in a small basement room drinking. The thing that motivated him to change was seeing his doctor who told him that if he didn't stop drinking he was going to die in two years. ..He has a much better life now. His wife and son are much closer to him his business has improved and so has his health. He's a "high bottom" story in AA's terms. ..But this whole thread is one reason why I suggest that anyone who thinks they have a problem go to a couple of meetings. I'm sure you'll find someone who's either in or been in the same situation you are and from them you can draw inspiration and confidence as you make your own journey to sobriety. ..Good luck! IWNDWYT!
Yes was when I quit. I was not a physically dependent alcoholic but I was letting myself drive drunk mismanaging my finances and withdrawing from family/friends because of my habit. I was not being true to myself. Alcohol was not enhancing my life in any way other than short-term mood stimulation. ..The alcohol is "dampening the magic of life" thing you mention is exactly how I felt when I quit. I felt stuck. I felt guilt. I still feel that guilt. ..If you have come here or thought you had a problem the great thing is that alcohol is *your* problem and only *you* define it and the terms you will treat it. But I can vouch for everyone else in this community in saying that once someone sees drinking as an issue it's an issue. If we don't drink at all we don't risk entering the gray area. My problem was when I quit and then went through months of recovery I saw my drinking problems as something of the past--of a more immature me. So I let myself do it again and slipped right back to the low where I was the last time. That's why this time I'm not going back. I proudly call myself an alcoholic...it's a little victory to say that...but I was absolutely in the grey area
There's more of us than you can ever imagine.
I hid it brilliantly (probably the wrong word haha)... no one had any clue I had a problem.  I was drinking alone In secret every night. Then going out on the weekends 'like everyone does' and getting into some right states...On the outside I was so so good at putting on a front and seeming fine and happy. Inside i was screaming. STUCK. going nowhere. I've wanted to stop for years but couldn't.  Then things got worse and worse. And I ended up in rehab. Best thing I've ever done. Now I go to AA everyday because I am for sure an alcoholic. It's been 3 weeks since I've had a drink and it is HARD. But I want to live. I want to achieve my true potential. So fuck drinking. .. It's brilliant that you have this self awareness of where you're headed. Nip it in the bud matey.
Yep. Sounds familiar. Very glad I stopped drinking. 
There isn't really a down side to quitting drinking but there is a huge downside to continuing to drink
I'm RIGHT there with you and I feel the slope getting more and MORE slippery. To the point it's sweeping into the days. It's awful and it's NOT what I want from life. Working on day 4 here and am dying to get off this ridiculous cycle!..You are def not alone and making the right decision!
This was mostly where I sat - towards the end things also got ugly a good handful of times too eg bad fights with partner as a result of drinking.  But yes I never got a dui or health issues but I was disappointing myself as I knew drinking was holding me back from reaching my full potential.  ..How right I was and how different things are now!..Living life on easy mode...
You are not alone!  I struggled with this for years.  I finally started feeling sick and stopped thinking of that first drink of the day ALL day long.   It was time to admit that I had a problem and to give it up.  
I was high functioning for years but I was in decline. I stopped and now I'm so much more sharp on the ball thinking ahead and I've had a pay rise. That on top of the weight loss not wanting or needing a drink not sweating profusely not too anxious to leave the house for anything other than work makes it all worth it. It's no sacrifice when you regain your life.
Persobalky when I'm drinking I'm low functioning as heck. Lose jobs. Ruin friendships. Things that can't be taken back. I used to be envious of functioning alcoholics. Now I just want to always be sober...
I was totally there. Thought if I kept the status quo it wouldn't be that bad. Then I blacked out and came to with a nasty injury and realized I had to stop immediately. 
I existed in that space for years. It was like my house was slowly starting to catch fire and I was just watching the flames grow thinking  I should probably do soetching about this before it gets to bad but doing something about it is hard and scary....  It took me a long time to change my life and my way of thinking and luckily when I did all was not completely lost. My metaphorical house wasn't burnt to the foundation but did and still does require maintenance. Good luck to you OP. Just know that some stranger on the internet is rooting for you. I won't drink with you today.
I would say the problem is that the alcoholic brain argues that you are in the grey area but in hindsight it looks a lot worst. The addict brain will justify away so many bad side effects. ..initially when you are still fighting the cravings the addict brain will say it's grey...Only later on (maybe after a few relapses) do you look back and realise it was pretty fucking black.
Life was incredibly gray and monotonous for years before it inevitably progressed and my life went to shit.  You are not alone  but if this is where you are at now it will only get worse.  Love you. You will find the life you crave. 
That's exactly where I'm at! I drink a few beers every night and i wake up and go to work and take care of everything i have to do but i feel like I'm constantly in a haze. And i definitely rely on it
Here's the plan.  Stop drinking cold turkey for a few months.  Go into therapy and discuss the underlying issues which probably result in you drinking.   Develop other activities to do instead of drinking and focus on your gains.  Ie fitness learning a new language etc...   Do not subject yourself to an anti drinking cult that obsessed over drinking.   When you feel the time is right you can reintroduce drinking into your life.   Try to avoid drinking on back to back days or more than twice a week.   
Hi new to this.  Have drank alcohol most of my adult life now aged 50. Used it to numb emotional pain when a single mum   drank too much when alone or catching up with friends. Can't stop at one wine have to have a bottle in the pat l could drink two bottles in one session. I don't smoke cigarettes unless l drink so drinking is a good excuse to smoke. Now happily married and one teenage daughter at home . Still l will drink a bottle of wine during the day each week and l don't even know why. I can sober up before everyone gets home without anyone knowing. I will then drink every weekend with friends or my husband. I had live function test three years ago. Showed elevated ggt  60 with alt and ast almost the same (23vs24). . Never went back for more tests just convinced myself if l slowed down everything would be ok. I am an alcoholic and want to stop.  I feel l need support so this is my first step to creating a life free from alcohol. 
Being high functioning is the worst. I would endlessly compare myself to someone worse off and would continue to drink for another day. ..Good luck in your battle...lots of good support here 
It's incredibly true that we don't often see another persons burdens...even when they are the person we are closest to...heck sometimes we can't see our own.  I love your comment 66 days and growing....that's beautiful!  Btw when is the wedding?  
You are not alone.  I'm right there with you.  Given some physical injuries wine seems to be my only way to relieve stress now (working out is now out).  Not healthy but neither is stress.  Wine takes the edge off...  I know it's not a good long-term solution but right now I'm just trying to make it day to day.  
I was like that for many years. I hid how much I drank pretty well. Bad things started 2 years ago. A drunken fight jail money problems. Counselors checking on the kids family mad at  me. Humiliated myself at a work party peed the bed made out w my roommate.....down down down.
You're not alone in fact you've just described me to a T. I like how you put it alcohol robbing the  magic  of life. 
Thank you for posting this. I almost posted something very similar today and then your post popped up. ..I can't help but think of a stereotypical alcoholic and know I am not that person (yet) but I am constantly thinking that my life and mind may be better without it. A lot of the people I look up to do not drink and I never think I can be as successful as them in life - but maybe drinking is why. It's so  normal  in society to have a couple drinks here and there so I guess that's why I question if my gray area is a problem. Also I think part of me would have to mourn the loss of alcohol and that sucks but I guess that means it already has become a problem in my life :/. 
Male here but choosing to be sober. I don't fit the AA type. I've been to meetings multiple times and have always left thinking I'm fine look at these losers. I have a degree own a home I have a good career. Alcohol did not prevent me from achieving and maintaining any of those things. I still don't buy the whole alcoholic thing. I never was a day drinker but would drink from when I got home until it was time to go to bed (4-6 drinks per night for a decade over several hours). I just know I'm in better health and feel better as a person when I decided to stop drinking. Alcohol for my 20s was what drugs were for my teens something I enjoyed doing but that was something that I quit doing once I really decided it wasn't for me. I am my better self without alcohol. 
That's me my entire adult life.  Never needed to drink until after work. always went to bed at a reasonable hour even when blitzed.  But every night just before bed I'm depressed. The wife is asleep already and I'm alone with my thoughts and I'm depressed and asking myself why I do this to myself every.single.day..  I was tired of feeling like I'm just *wasting* half of my days I was scared... what if an emergency happened?  The wife is not in the best health. My kid could get into a car accident.  I'd be incapable of rising to the challenge; of being the man of the house.  I was tired of feeling like shit every morning and clear into the day only starting to feel better a few hours before it was time to start the whole grey cycle again.  Fuck that noise.  I'm edging on 2 weeks now since I had a drink or a cigarette and I feel 1000x better not only physically but about myself.  I've lost weight over on r/keto I'm paying attention to my grooming staying neat and clean and I feel -awesome-!  I love my energy I love sober mornings I love the hikes I take in the woods with my brother. It's like a whole new life and I'm *never* going back. My sobriety is the most important thing in my life; it comes first against anything.
Ya I'm right there with ya I ghot kicked out of school for drinking but managed to somehow get back in and finish. I usually have 4 shots of vodka at work now but am trying to stop that I used to go through gallons of vodka every 24 hours. I want to go back to school for something else now as well but I feel like i'm gonna get kicked out from this one for the same reason. I don't think this new school will let me back in like the other one did to finish like the other one if I get caught. I also like my job where am at but hopefully I can stop so I don't get fired. Anyway alcohol is totally me back like you.
I'm sure this includes me. Sometimes the fact that things weren't terrible makes it difficult to explain to others or even yourself why you need to stop. But it was how I felt reaching for that drink. Knowing my family tendencies knowing that daily drinking wasn't good for my health even if I wasn't actually doing anything crazy and knowing how it seemed to make all of my depression and anxiety worse... I knew I wanted to stop so I did. Until I tried to tell myself I could just be a special occasion drinker... And after I restarted drinking I was drinking daily again within a month (now with both a lower tolerance and even more of a tendency to feel like I needed it more than I wanted it). Luckily pretty quickly I had a couple of particularly unpleasant evenings drinking and I decided I was done for good. 
Yes yes yes - me! Thankyou for posting this I'm new and the first comment I read I rate directly to - I'm emotional about how much I connect with your post. Thankyou - I will not drink with you today (first time saying this and it feels fricken AWESOME!!!!)
Yeah I can relate - but when I look back the signs are there. I won't be high functioning much longer. 
My great gramps was an oil company vp  less than a decade later and he could barely hold his morning "orange juice" with both hands (tremors  also the oj was tons of vodka)..Dont rationalize your p4oblem  thats excuse making
I was like that for 20 years.. drinking 5-8 glasses of wine a night and considering myself "high-functioning".  What I discovered is that as I aged and continued to drink "high functioning" slowly became "functional" and then eventually "really good at faking being functional". ..You may feel that alcohol isn't doing any serious harm but year by year it does wear you down and slowly rob you of your physical and mental health.
Yes I was then I quit and my career is on the fast track for promotions (already got one). And I am killing it at work...Sobriety after being a high functioning alcoholic is a super power. All that effort into dealing with hangovers at work can be put into healthier endeavors.
I was there for a long time. I'd go out have a pitcher or few by myself and get real sloppy. Then I'd wake up the next kid king work and then hit the bar again. This was like a 3-4 time a week thing. It fucked my life up. I lost friends due to drunken mistakes and for a pretty long while I felt like I needed the beer to socialize so when I was sober I was miserable and alone. Somehow I had a job that I didn't mess up and my bills were always paid on time...I had to quit so I did but at the expense of losing my friends. I started going to Starbucks instead of the bar (both were within walking distance) so I eventually made friends with the baristas because I always went to the same one ( friends  just meant that they knew my name and occasionally threw me a free latte...not bad). ..Eventually I started going to poetry readings and live music shows. Nobody ever wanted to go with me because I wasn't getting drunk. Still I enjoyed myself because I was sober and completely aware of what was going on. I went from being alone to enjoying being alone. I learned how to live sober and then eventually started living...It's a hard change to make (it took a few years for me to be totally comfortable with it) but if you can be patient enough it is totally worth it.
Here!  You described me!  I was a weekend wine drinker.  I would drink 2-3 bottles of Chardonnay over a weekend.  I started thinking about wanting/needing some wine by Tuesday but would hold off til Thursday or Friday.  I knew it was time to stop.  It was difficult for the first 60 days.  Getting easier and really feel so much better without it.
I didn't stop drinking because of all the terrible things I was doing. I stopped because of all the amazing things I'm missing out on! 
I was that way I have a good kid stable job stable marriage. But I was getting by not happy. I quit on 1/1/18. The first two - four weeks were hardest but I kept busy and it passed. I've been able to deal with stuff I wasn't thinking about I actually have regular sex with my husband because I don't constantly have diarrhea and also I'm not being annoying 2-3 nights a week and not coming to bed because I just want to hear one more song (but stay up until 2 drinking). I don't feel stressed out at work or at home like I have to compensate or totally overcompensate for feeling like crap after drinking. I have more enthusiasm and energy instead of just putting off stress until I can drink it away. Im also happy with my meds right now and I've worked hard at counseling. So it's not all from quitting drinking but it's certainly helped. If you always have the next time you'll drink planned (Thursday or this weekend or next weekend) you might just put off stressors instead of facing them which helps you solve them. It might be a good idea to take 1-2 months off. If that seems like too long well maybe you're a little addicted and want to keep in mind that functional doesn't always last forever. 
I was in your boat last year. Lots of new stresses and a nightly beer turned into a nightly buzz and then too many drunken nights. Productive and functioning all the while. I knew I wasn't strong enough to quit so I said  ok take 100 days off.  It took the pressure off I guess...I'm under control for now (always on my guard) and it's nice. This sub is great to lurk but I comment less now knowing that moderating isn't the focus and probably counter-productive to most conversations. That said I felt compelled to comment to yours...In those 100 days had clarity to think of an idea for a topic to write a business book finally learned to code (well sort of haha. I'm getting there) and most importantly I started playing on the floor with my daughter and being crazy with her at night time without the excuse of  sorry honey I might spill.  Have my life back and more and it's nice...Quit set goals challenge yourself to go to a weekend event with friends and not have a drop. It's quite empowering actually. And lots and lots of good flavors of La Croix out there too. Good luck!!
Makes me fatand lazy for the day at least can't drive out but very productive or attentive I'd end up wasting time online or other media/games... Without realizing years are lost.  Higher blood pressure lowered standards for myself and weaker erections to boot!.Don't need to be blacking out or assaulting people for alcohol to ruin your life.
Yep! I'm doing well enough but I feel I'm not doing as well as if I didn't drink. 
I was high functioning for years. I was that asshole that preached moderation and self control. The thing about high functioning is it never stays that way. Sooner or later it goes away. Every single one of my friends that i thought would never end up letting it get out of control eventually did. The ones that i thought were bulletproof even after i failed had everything fall apart a few years after me.
This sounds exactly like me. I created this account to reply to this post. There's part of me that wants to stop drinking but there's part of me that doesn't.  I know it would be generally good to stop but I don't stop because I don't want to. 
Yes I'm in that same boat with you. Don't feel alone.
Not alone!! Me too!!! We can do eeeeet
Me! I'm not going to lie and I'm sure this will be deleted but I'm a few in right now - I don't know. But I do have this problem!
I was so this. Success at work great family but drinking zapped all my time away. I decided that St Augustine was right  complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation  it was so hard trying to guess when a normal drinker would have stopped. Or when a normal drinker could have that extra drink. Or how much a normal drinker thought about whether they were a normal drinker. ..So I stopped and I am so pleased that I did. It hasn't been easy but it has been EASIER. .
Yes Yes Yes! 
God yes. I'm not terribly hungover most days but I drink enough that I don't want to get up in the morning for any exercise I'm tired and my head is always foggy. Also I noticed that my mood starts to drop quickly if I drink for more than 2 days in a row. There are projects that I have at home that I need to keep working on but if I drink then I turn on Netflix instead and I lose the time to work on them in the morning as well. This is absolutely not the best version of myself. But every time I take a few days off and my energy gets back up I get bored and start the cycle again.
That was me a year and a half ago.  
I was drinking a lot but always managed to keep my act together. At least a bottle of wine a day and frequently more but never had a DUI never had a professional consequence or really anything to speak of. By external appearances I had it pretty much together. But I knew the alcohol was killing me and so despite my fears that quitting might alienate me from some of my friends I decided it was time to stop. And when I was ready to stop quitting was pretty easy thankfully because I felt BETTER every day I went without a drink. It has been the best thing I have ever done for myself to be perfectly honest. And my friends had some questions but they have all been 100% supportive and I've managed to socialize without alcohol plenty of times without anyone even batting an eye. I'm so glad I quit..
I remember when I was and am happy it is in the past. Welcome. Please keep coming back here. :)
I've been highly functioning for about 8 years. Started off slow and progressed to getting blacked out almost every night for a few years. ..I'm fully and painfully aware that all of the problems in my life (emotional mental physical...) are a result of my drinking and in solving that I could be happy. ..All the while I have had a great relationship I've been promoted at work to a level I never thought I could. ..I just know though that this isn't working. I'm just afraid of being sober. 
You are certainly not alone
&gt; increasingly difficult to stop at a drink or two..More like impossible from the get go. ..Never mind the lost potential. What really drained me was how starting every Monday I was already behind. That was a very stressful period.
Thank you for your post.  I too have also been quite high functioning and now having to assume ownership of multiple businesses because of a death I just keep going yet I cannot put the alcohol down.  I can drink most nights and still be fine by morning.   But my employees and family don't know how I suffer with alcohol because I'm good at hiding it but I never feel alive most days.   I just go thru the motions.    But I also don't feel so amazing by not drinking for a week so I just keep going back.   I cannot seem to stop the cycle.   I feel blah with it and yet feel blah without it.   
one thing i learned after 220 days of sobriety and working in a senior position is that i could have done so much better. unquestionable .. but putting that to one side i found it very easy to give up once i told everybody that i could not function like they do with drink and that my blood pressure was high and i want to reach my full potential.  i have very high functioning drinking friends in the city in london and nobody even questioned my decision .. they thought i was taking the moral high ground for once .. i also learned that i have such more fun side when i am sober ! go get all that life has to offer ... 
This was me. 100% me. I was able to keep my job and perform my job but I know I was not able to do it effectively. I was able to look back on when I didn't drink and see where I was headed and how good I was at what I did and I was also able to look back and see how alcohol has slowly changed that and I was progressively getting worse. I realize that I can't stop at one or two it's either all or nothing with me so instead of all I am now choosing nothing. I will not drink today.
That was me.  In the year after quitting I bought a portion of the company I work for bought income property and lost 30 pounds.   These were thing I intended to do but didn't pull the damn trigger on.  Fuck booze buddy.  Give it a whirl.  
You are not alone. Trust me. I can relate to everything you say and would put a pretty penny on a lot of my friends being able to relate too \- it is all too common. Society now sees getting drunk as a good thing and alcohol as a macho thing \- which is stupid...Today is day 7 of no booze \- been to a wedding countless client lunch and dinners meals with mates \- it was hard to say no but I always seem to get over it and feel thankful after...Positive mental attitude
Yes!!!! High functioning here with a family kids and a business. My biggest struggle for me is that I'm not at the point where I need to quit because I lost everything or for my health. I generally keep it together but I want to quit so bad so that I can be a better father and live life with more meaning. I've stopped for a few weeks here and there and almost had a whole month a few weeks ago but I always go back. Every morning I make the commitment to not drink but can't seem to stave off the demons. A lot of times when driving to the liquor store I'm telling myself I don't want to drink tonight but it's like someone else is in control or I'm on auto pilot. It's embarrassing when you go to the counter of your local liquor store and the clerk already has your bottle ready because she saw you coming in. 
Yes. My drinking was mostly weekend binge drinking. I was felt like I was just going through the motions rather than being alive. In recent years alcohol has made my anxiety flare up pretty much as soon as I took a drink. It was my time to quit for good.
I'm there! I actually just stopped drinking. I'll share with you some of my circumstances...I went from "I never want to drink ever" to getting wasted weekly to drinking beer daily in less than 2 years. My whole family has a history of alcoholism and when I started noticing myself making unconscious excuses of why I deserved a drink ("Today was really stressful I should get a few beers" "I'm bored and lonely I want some wine" "Beer's better than soda right?") I realized that I probably had a problem with drinking. ..You don't have to stop on some special occasion. You don't have to wait for some disaster event. You don't have to wait until your life is ruined. I stopped on Tuesday. It was just "You know I'd rather stop". You should too! 
This is me. It's really hard to quit when everything in life is going well. Happily married getting A's in graduate school make great money with a promising career...I'm all sorts of messed up inside though. No one knows I blackout every night and have panic attacks every morning.
This reminded me of all those years \- post divorce living alone and apart from my sons driving  2\-3 hours per day to work and back giving lectures teaching night school having meetings supervising students trying to meet new women playing sports.....All while drinking 1\-2 bottles of wine per night being hungover for half the day......I get mad at myself for all that lost time \- 6 years \- of not feeling happy not living up to my potential...You are definitely not alone and hope you can find a way out for yourself...I won't do that anymore.  IWNDWYT.
Me. But the difference is for a long time I denied it and accepted alcohol as part and parcel of my life. Alcoholism is a progressive disease and those little things you are seeing right now sound like indicators of a larger problem down the road. I ignored those signs and things got worse. I still was high functioning but just imagine all the problems you mentioned magnified a few times worse than they are now. I was starting to feel like I was on the brink of the bottom falling out my luck was running out. \\..There's no shame in quitting. Listen to yourself. It will definitely help you get that spark and vigor back in your life. Its helped me quite a bit.
"Basically my life quietly turned grey..." Boy did that line capture my feelings when I was at my lowest point. Truth is if I didn't stop when I did I may not have much of a life right now. Anyone feeling like your life may be grey please know that all the colors reappear and it does get easier over time. Thank you for a thoughtful post! I will not drink with you today.
This post really resonates with me. Thank you. I will not drink with you today. 
It's hard to know what the "gray area" is...  I remember talking to a therapist about my drinking and describing the incidents related to it.  (short stints in jail/dui etc).  To me it wasn't that bad I had only lost a job once to drinking.  It's not like I was living on the street. I drank every day but not in the morning.  The therapist asked if I was going to wait until I was living on the street to realize I was an alcoholic. That hit pretty hard. .Still took me years after that to quit drinking.  5 years sober in August and my life is immeasurably better. 
Describes me perfectly...I have always had a good job close group of friends positive relationships with my parents and siblings...None of that was different when I would drink but I also wasn't accomplishing anything new - my life would just feel like it was on  pause  when I was drinking. Nothing would get better and nothing would get worse. ..I had goals of continuing my education buying a home finding a partner. And I wasn't moving any closer to those things as every day was 8 hours working 8 hours drinking 8 hours sleeping. No personal development...I haven't stayed sober completely over the last year but I've made a few attempts. While recovering last spring I finally achieved my goal of buying a home. In another recovery period I achieved a major certification in my profession that I've been hoping to get for a while...On both occasions I was also having some romantic success. It ultimately didn't work out (which may be in part due to my relapses) but I've learned so much from the experience and I feel that if I can STAY sober then things will only get better...I never had a  rock bottom  moment but reflecting on the last year it is abundantly clear that I accomplish great things when I'm not drinking and I'm better for it.
Day late but  you've basically summed me up completely. Successful career happy relationships pay my bills on time... ..However none of my family or friends know what my habits are when I'm alone and I have been trying to open up more to them recently. While there is some understanding from their side it's always accompanied with them saying "...but at least it's not really a problem". In a way I feel more mature having decided FOR MYSELF that this is a problem. Someone posted the other day that you don't have to hit "rock bottom" to realize you need to change things. ..u/avocadosforlife44  thanks for posting this.
Hi! I read this yesterday and forgot to post. I wanted to say I appreciate your post because I feel the same. I am and have always functioned well on the outside boyfriend full time job many friends appear healthy however underneath that was the insidious binge drinking around every two weeks. When I started to feel I had a problem people didn't believe me. I think I woke up to the fact I had an issue in early 2016 but it's taken me till this year to push past others disagreeing that I have an issue.
great post. i like the analogy of stepping off the elevator well said. good luck to you m8!
That was me to a tee!! I always fooled myself thinking I had it altogether a very high functioning drinker but I could never stop at 1 or 2 drinks. Now weeks in to sobriety I'm back to true myself happier than I've been in years and reaching my full potential  
