-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pd7xv/what_a_difference_a_year_makes/

Hello. Long time lurker here. Been following this sub nearly two years now. Well a li'l back story. Been trying to get sober for a good four years now. Chronic relapser. Always hungover. That sort of thing. ..Well on May 25 2017 I got arrested for my second DWI spend some time in jail. Afterwards I drank again which resulted in another arrest then three weeks later another arrest because o violated my terms of probation... Etc etc. All in all a very terrible summer. ..I had also gone through a traumatic breakup from a toxic relationship found myself living at my very strict and over bearing parents at 34 years old. I got fired from my good paying job due to all my absences from my three arrests and my beloved dog died. All within the same six week period. ..I was miserable. Absolutely miserable...I never thought I'd get a second DWI. My first one had only been two years before. And besides:  "it wouldn't happen to me." Not a second time...And yet there I was in handcuffs waiting to see the judge. I'd never gotten myself into trouble in my life over ANYTHING. Other than alcohol. ..I was looking at jail time. ..My life was over. Absolutely over. ..I ended up getting sentenced to a really strict probation. I'm talking STRICT. A lot of out patient therapy and check ins with the judge. I didn't drive for ten months. Recently got my license back so that's been good. ..I'm approaching one year without alcohol. I missed it a lot in the beginning and I believe I would have continued to drink had I never had all this happen to me. I could not stop. I tried so many times. Five days ten days hell I'm 20 days sober time to reward myself with a drink. Then the horrible three day binges followed by the two day hangover recovery. I couldn't keep a job. 15 jobs in two years!!! ..One year later... I have met a truly loving man my soul mate!! We married quite quickly. I've kept a job for 8 months now. Am driving again. Making plans for the future. ..Next week I'll be celebrating my one year at AA. I'm so increadibly proud of myself. ..To anyone who is struggling you can do this! It's not easy but it's worth it. :-) 
----------immediate responses--------

Goo luck to continued sobriety. IWNDWYT 
SO proud of you!!! This is all wonderful news of growth strength and perseverance! You're doing wonderful keep fighting the good fight.
Way to go!  Congrats on a year - you are on a roll!
Wow! Thank you for sharing. You should be proud!
Such a great turn around. Thanks for sharing. 
Thank you everyone for your kind words!! (Sorry I am new to Reddit in general so not really sure how to reply to anyone) 
