-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ph7ae/day_17/

Just wanted to share. ..Tomorrow will be the longest I've been sober since I was 15 I'm 24 now. In college drinking got really bad for me very quickly. Within three years I was up to a handle every two or three days and was physically dependent on alcohol. After I somehow graduated I just continued to drink secretly from my parents. They knew I drank but not at the level I was. ..I calmed down a bit but still had a heavy problem. I kept this up for a year until I decided I needed to stop and met a sober friend. I made it to 18 days and relapsed on new years eve of 2017. I went into a 3 month bender and was a mess but somehow applied for graduate school and got into an accelerated one year program. ..Around the same time I was accepted into grad school I began an amazing relationship which also helped keep me grounded. For the past year and a few months I was able to socially drink a few nights a week while still going to school interning and working two part time jobs. Then everything ended...My internship ended then I left one job then 5 days before graduating my significant other ended things out of nowhere and had feelings for someone else. I lost control and went on a nasty bender and was using a lot of xanax to try to keep myself from feeling withdrawals. I finally got to the point where I couldn't function and asked for help. I told my family everything and checked myself into detox. ..From detox I went to a rehab for a week (insurance would only cover a week) and haven't had a drink since. I realized I never learned to deal with loss and depression and anxiety without drinking. I thought I had it all under control but in reality it was just waiting to blow up. I know now that I truly can not drink and will be taking many steps to better myself and remain sober. ..While I'm still in a very dark place I have sober support meetings and have started depression meds and will be getting a therapist. I'm very proud of myself for tomorrow. Thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like you're in a better headspace and pointed in the right direction. Well done on the 17 days! You got this.
Thanks for sharing your story here with us. Glad you are here...There's lots of books and stuff in the r/stopdrinking sidebar and you can grab yourself a badge...IWNDWYT 
Our stories are very similiar.  I was in for a week too and continued an outpatient program but that week saved my life.  I got on anxiety meds and meet with a therapist now which both really help.
