-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pkhsw/why_does_aa_work/

I am one month sober I have gone 5 years before and relapsed (I think the old lie of believing I had beat it and could socially drink again got me that time). In the last year I have gone 1 or 2 months between relapses. This time although I have only gone 1 month I am 100&amp;#37; sure its a keeper since I have the most resolve ever no white knuckling very very happy with my choice and ready for the long haul. ..My question is about AA my experience with it is mostly from Stephen King books (huge fan btw). ..I am an introvert and I dont really like hanging out with strangers. I have no problem admitting to myself I am an Alcoholic who absolutely..cannot..drink..a..drop..ever..again without relapsing.  ..My suspicion is that hearing the stories of other helps for example I am pretty sure if I had went to AA for the first 5 year   stretch someone would have told me that that is a dangerous time in sobriety because you might think you beat it but you really hadnt. ..I am a Christian and part of the reason my resolve is so high is because I really want to get back to where I was pre relapse spiritually speaking and I have pinpointed that my problem was mostly "boozical" not "spiritual" ..So what am I missing if I dont go to AA? I have done a bit of research and it doesnt seem like there is one answer nor is there any medical consensus. I think basically anyone who DECIDES not to drink wont but the deciding needs to be in all caps. Im sure the program is helpfull for basically reminding yourself of all the reason not to drink as we have a tendancy to forget those quickly. ..Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Why would you not want to try AA for yourself?  The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. They might not read as good as  The Stand  but they aren't as long and nobody dies. ..AA saved my ass. It works because at its core it's just a bunch of drunks trying to help other drunks not get drunk that day. It worked for me because I sat in meetings and listened. It taught me humility. As my head cleared I got a spinsor and worked the steps. ..Most people shy away from AA because of the impression you must believe in God. You say that you are a Christian. If that is the case I think you benefit from sitting in some meetings and judging for yourself. ..You will be surprised how most of the people in the meetings look just like you and me. ..IWNDWYT 
I personally use aa as needed. I don't plan to work the steps and that's because I have a problem with the higher power concept as an atheist. I've heard you can use it as anything but I don't think it's for me. However the meetings were a great comfort when I needed it. I think there are different paths to sobriety besides aa and the steps.
I cannot comment on AA because I didnt go that route but plenty of people here have and will likely provide insight.  ..&gt;I think basically anyone who DECIDES not to drink wont but the deciding needs to be in all caps...I think this is an incomplete statement.  It takes more than willpower to break an addiction.  SMART talks about for example *commitment*  to change but even that's not the whole picture.  ..There's plenty of work involved and I'd suspect that some people dont break their addictions (any addiction really) not because they aren't trying hard enough but because they might be going about it an ineffective way.  
&gt;Why does AA work?..Because I'm willing for it to work...Why do you think?
For me meetings help me create accountability to myself and the group.  This sub does the same.  When I listen and speak or read and write.  I am affirming my decision to stay sober to myself and the group.  I find face to face meetings powerful emotional and rewarding.  It's comforting to know we are never alone in our recovery journey.
i don't know why aa works but what i do know is that i can't stay sober on my own.  i need help and the best help for me is from others who have gone before me and can share their experience in real life.  
[removed]
Hopefully the longtime (and shorter time!) AA members here will forgive me for posting this article. There are pretty variable statistics about the success of the program as with any program...https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/03/the-surprising-failures-of-12-steps/284616/
AA  gave me a clear path to sobrierity that has worked for millions and for which I will be forever be grateful.  It always cracks me up when someone says they see a therapist and the therapist tells them to go to AA.  Unless your an underage alcoholic were all big boys and big girls and if we really want to quit drinking it's up to us to fine a way to do that.  For me that was AA.
It works if you work it. It's as simple as that. You get out of it what you put in. ..For me it gets me out of myself and makes me a productive member of a community. When I was drinking I sat alone and only cared about me me me. Now I ask how I can be of service to others. I have real lasting friendships. I have a sponsor who I can turn to as a mentor and friend. I have a relationship with a higher power that keeps me humble and reminded of gratitude...I can't rely on myself. Doing that and thinking I had it all figured out is what got me binge drinking in the first place. I rely on a fellow group of drunks who have been where I have been and want to be better to keep me sober and keep coming back.
What are you missing? It's difficult to describe spiritual experiences in words so I'm going to stick to a couple of practical aspects. First and foremost is the fellowship of alcoholics people who can remind you about yourself and who will share experience strength and hope with you. This isn't something you're going to be able to get from people who aren't drunks...Secondly it's worth noting that the program of AA is a program of action. Going through the steps with a sponsor was an experience that taught me more about how to navigate my life than anything before. I didn't really take to any of my religious education but I can say today that I have a plan that works for me with a god that I fought for. 
