-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8plnm1/my_relapse_is_out_of_control_how_do_i_get_help_am/

I've never been active in the reddit communities but always been a lurker. The only time I've ever posted anywhere was here and I was always met with a really welcoming and warm vibe. I just relapsed pretty hard for the past 6 months or so following a 3 year long sober streak. I am a stay at home mom to a now 5 year old and a 3 year old (today is her birthday &lt;3). I started drinking again when I went on a bachelorette cruise with my now sister in law. I think the decision to go and drink on this cruise with an open bar and a group of girls was just me expressing some bottled up stress or something... at that time of making that decision I had just started working a part time night job serving which is naturally a job surrounded by alcohol and drinking... the sober me was getting tempted to relive the party stage of my past serving life which was completely sloshed with alcohol soaked nights with coworkers (that's when I got my DUI)...Now I'm a "mom" with endless stress and responsibilities and hardly a social life. Wouldn't you jump at the chance of going on a cruise with a free open bar? lol. I guess I was done caring about everyone else for once and just wanted to be selfish...So here we are now. At this moment I've started regularly drinking. At first it started back at random times.... me going to the beach with my mom and the kids. Me going out with my girlfriend...Then it got more frequent as time goes on. Me running to the store to buy a bota box to chug in the parking lot and racing home almost wrecking my car on the way. Me making excuses to run to the store to buy groceries and chug a bota box in the parking lot. Me driving to target and stopping to buy a beer with quarters from my son's piggy bank to chug in the parking lot before going in. And today I actually fucking went to take the kids to the splash park and bought a bota box and drank it at the park while they played. Then we went home and came to my parent's house (where I am allowed to drink freely)... all while drinking a beer on the way here. Thank god we all went to sleep shortly after arriving but I woke up in a fucking panic of trying to comprehend the absolutely horrible decisions I've been making lately to put my children in jeopardy by driving impaired? WHAT THE FUCK?..I feel like I have to mention also and this is a huge factor in whatever the FUCK is going on with me is that I have been taking cannabis butter everday for the past 6 months. My parents supply me with the leftover of the stuff they vaporize and I make it into a butter. I also take lexapro and buspar. I am very unhappy and depressed and have huge social anxiety issues that led me to alcoholism because it eased the anxiety I felt in college living alone in a city I knew no one and having a really shy personality...So yeah I'm a shitty fucking person. How do you stop yourself once you decided in your mind that you're going to seek alcohol and drink it? How do you stop justifying shit to allow yourself the permission to drink??..Rehab?..My husband has absolutely NO idea of any of this. I lied to him about drinking on the cruise and he bought it. Then he caught me drinking at the wedding which was last December. Since then he has no idea about the sneaking around and the butter. He was pretty fucking hurt when he found out I lied and it would devastate our relationship for him to find out that I have been acting like this lately. We are in such a fragile place. I want to get better but the stress of our relationship and the way he's physically hurt me in the past and the really hateful fucking shit we do to eachother really really makes me stressed. That's why I started the meds and got the part time job. I think that gave me confidence in a way... power in an abusive relationship.. why did I allow it to trigger me to start drinking?..Sorry this is sooo long. I appreciate you guys and am always remembering the stuff I read from here when contemplating things.
----------immediate responses--------

