-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8poa0p/i_remember_jason_molina/

In the light of Anthony Bourdain's sad exit from this world I once again think of my big musical hero Jason Molina who died in 2013 at the age of 39 from organ failure due to severe alcoholism. His death wasn't a suicide strictly speaking but there's no denying that he drank himself to death. ..Jason Molina was the man behind the bands Songs: Ohia and Magnolia Electric Co.   unknown bands for most I know but hugely influential musically a  musician's musician .   .. Riding with the Ghost  is one of Jason Molina's most legendary songs. There are all kinds of interpretations of this song but I'm pretty certain that the  ghost  in the title is his addiction and that the song is about his struggle for sobriety:  I'm trying to remember how it got so late / Why every night pain comes from a different place / Now something's got to change . ..There's a really heartbreaking account of Jason Molina's life and death and drinking history from the Chicago Reader for anyone who's interested   just google  Jason Molina alcohol  and you'll find it (can't post links here). 
----------immediate responses--------

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTJUU7e1dnw..^ one of my favorites. When I started listening to him years ago I didn't know he was dead till much after I really loved his music. It was really sad the day I found out. :(
Gah I just read that whole thing. It's so tragically heart breaking. Idk why life has to be so fucking hard sometimes 
Alcoholism is suicide on the installment plan...RIP.
Ooh I love(d) Jason Molina \-\- so dark brooding and moving. Totally unvarnished.  Going to read the link thank you for posting.  I remember spending a few hours on one of his friend's sites or maybe it was a musician where it sort of outlined his decline and health problems.  Moonhead I'll let you know if I find it.
Just spent the last two hours listening to Songs: Ohia and Magnolia Electric Co.  \-\- such pain in this music I love it!  He was a beautiful talent.
