-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pq3yk/two_yearsi_never_thought_i_would_make_it_this_far/

I am posting tonight because I am venturing into the woods for an epic hike tomorrow. .Two years ago tomorrow I checked myself into medical detox in my first (and hopefully last) attempt at getting sober. I was putting down over a gallon of booze into my system a day. (On weekends it was always way more) I would wake up each morning with crippling anxiety horrible hangovers and pop a benzo to get me through my day at work until I could get home and do it all over again. Every day I would tell myself I wasn't going to drink that day and everyday I found myself stopping at the mini mart by my old house and purchasing my booze and cigarettes. The desire to stop was in me but I just couldn't seem to do it. The urge to drink was so strong it controlled my every thought and I never thought I would overcome the obsession..Here I was almost 37 years old at the time in my second year of graduate school working single parenting and dying inside. Not only was my mental state deteriorating but my physical health was terrible. I had drank myself into morbid obesity and with that came high blood pressure and I was a type 2 diabetic. I spent my nights crying and searching on the internet for different ways I might be able to kill myself because the pain I was feeling inside was too much. .I have been an alcoholic since I was 16 years old. There were bouts where I thought I was in control of it but I was only fooling myself as the booze always won. Booze helped me sabotage my marriage and many other relationships. I always swore I wouldn't turn out like so many in my family including my parents - but I did exactly that. I lost my mother to a drug overdose in 2012 and that's when my drinking became really out of control. A part of me died with her and honestly the only thing that kept me going (even though I was self-medicating with booze and benzos) was my kid. Those nights of desperation and wanting to die the thought of leaving my child motherless was what stopped me. Yet I was killing myself slowly with booze. I so desperately wanted to change - I knew I needed to change but I didn't know how. It was one of those things I just kept putting off - thinking I would quit tomorrow or the next day. .Two years ago I was supposed to take a vacation to my hometown to see my family. As always I was going to stay with my best friend of over 20 years because that's what I always did. You see he is like me in the sense that he likes to party and drink. About two weeks before that trip he called me to tell me he was sober - that he had just gotten out of detox and if I came to stay with him I couldn't drink. My response to this was horrible. I became angry bitter and all I could think about was myself and where I would be able to stay and carry on drinking the way I do without the judgement that often came from my family. How dare he get sober! Didn't he know that I needed a place to stay where I could drink? It was then it hit me - I became completely disgusted with myself and had an emotional breakdown. I had a conversation with my then roommate and decided that I would check myself into a medical detox rather than take my vacation home. I knew from past (though not serious) attempts to get sober that I couldn't do it on my own. My body would start to react very bad when I would go any longer than 12 hours without a drink. The shakes the dizziness the spikes in my blood pressure - I knew the reality that I could become very sick or worse die if I didn't do it carefully. So those last couple of weeks before I was scheduled to go in I drank like I would never drink again and I drank a lot. And I remember thinking that I would check in to detox and get out and I would be just fine. I had no real plan as to what I would do after because I thought the drying out was the hardest part. .Detox was hell. My withdraw symptoms were scary and I was in a world of pain. My skin itched and ached the lights burned my eyes I couldn't sleep I had horrible shakes and sweats and I just couldn't get comfortable. At one point my blood pressure spiked so high they had to practically sedate me to bring it down. I spent five days there and honestly much of it is a blur. .I remember feeling anger at the prospect of never drinking again and fear - lots of fear that I would fail. Had an AA meeting not been been brought into that detox I don't know how far into my sobriety I would have gone. Now I know that AA isn't for everyone and I won't say much about it other than I met my first sponsor in that meeting and she and the community got me through that first year. I still go to meetings once in a while and I have a different sponsor now - but I will say I am extremely grateful for what I have gained in working through the steps and the people I have met. .I never thought that two years ago I would be sitting where I am today. My life is beyond beautiful. I graduated last year with my Master's in Social Work and I am now working as a mental health therapist. I have lost 112 lbs and I hike like crazy. I have summitted mountain peaks and there is nothing slowing me down. .I am also madly and truly in love. I thought I would be alone forever but somehow (I call it fate) I met a fellow social worker lover of hiking and outdoors and someone who is also in recovery. Being in a relationship in sobriety is a completely different experience than I have ever had before. .Sobriety has brought me an inner peace that I can't fully describe. I handle life's problems so differently than I used to. Is it easy? Hell no - it's still really fucking hard sometimes. However I don't cope by drowning myself in booze. I allow myself to feel and to experience and I now know how to communicate. Before sobriety I couldn't even look people in the eye as I felt so much shame guilt and fear. I am not that person anymore and I don't have to be again as long as I stay true to myself and stay sober one day at a time. .The best part of all of this is my relationship with my son. He's almost 14 and it is sure a trying time with him. But --- I am fully present for him and I show up. I wasn't always there for him and in ways I am still paying for the mistakes I made while drinking. However he has expressed how happy he is that I am sober and while we are going through the pains of teenage transitions I am now the mother he can count on and rely on. I refuse to ever let him down again. .Sadly the best friend that prompted me to get sober didn't stay sober long. He still struggles a great deal and can't seem to stay sober for any length of time. I still love him and will always be there for him but it can be hard watching someone you care about so deeply self-destruct. I do hope that someday it hits him and he is able to remain sober. After all if it weren't for him and his attempt I don't know that I would have gotten sober myself. I didn't like who I was as a person and I knew that had to change because that wasn't the real me. .For all of those struggling still please remember this - it can and will get better. I never thought I would be two years sober yet here I am. It really is a one day at a time thing - hell sometimes it's one hour or minute at a time. Either way there can be a light at the end of the tunnel. It just takes a little bit of willingness. I never dreamed I would have the life I do today and it all began with getting sober. I never want to feel the pain I used to again. I refuse to go back to living my life that way. .I will not drink with you all today...
----------immediate responses--------

You are so inspiring. I love your story 
Powerful post. Good for you. Good luck on your hike. IWNDWYT 
Great post! Thanks for sharing!
Thanks for sharing your story. It gives us all hope. Have fun tomorrow!
What a great story.  Thanks for sharing.
YOU are a inspiration to me. Congrats on 2 years ! And thank you for sharing your very real story . 
Very inspiring and great read!
Thank you for sharing your story. Hearing about your relationship with your son is so heartening.  You're so amazing for doing this incredibly hard thing. IWNDWYT 
Your story gives me hope thanks!
Wow thanks for that. It's always good to have a reminder of how I don't want to go back to killing myself physically and mentally.
 Never thought I could make it this far.With a dent in my soul and a hole in my heart.Never thought I could.Never thought I could"
Wonderful- inspiring. ! I'm so happy for you. Thank you for sharing.  
Thank you for sharing this. It helps me stay firm in my own convictions and sobriety. I am really impressed with your strength and your journey. Enjoy your hike. IWNDWYT !
Great post thanks for sharing. ..A lot of things I kind of know could be true if I stayed sober you've put into words and honestly spoken from the other side it's great to hear and inspiring.
Wow. What an amazing story. You are an inspiration.
Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful struggle! ..Made me think of this quote from the movie Eat Pray Love:.."A friend took me to the most amazing place the other day. It's called the Augusteum. Octavian Augustus built it to house his remains. When the barbarians came they trashed it a long with everything else. The great Augustus Rome's first true great emperor. How could he have imagined that Rome the whole world as far as he was concerned would be in ruins. It's one of the quietest loneliest places in Rome. The city has grown up around it over the centuries. It feels like a precious wound a heartbreak you won't let go of because it hurts too good. We all want things to stay the same. Settle for living in misery because we're afraid of change of things crumbling to ruins. Then I looked at around to this place at the chaos it has endured \- the way it has been adapted burned pillaged and found a way to build itself back up again. And I was reassured maybe my life hasn't been so chaotic it's just the world that is and the real trap is getting attached to any of it. Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation. 
Wow! Such an inspiring post. Good for you ! You got your life back. Plus losing all that weight. You should be so proud...I will not drink with you today.
Well done!
Congrats on 2 years!  Awesome job. 
Congratulations on your two years.   Thank you for sharing your epic story and enjoy that epic hike  
