-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pqtom/update_on_my_day_zero_post/

So as some predicted I plunged into some pretty awful detox. I'm no stranger to them but I felt diabolical. I bought some light wine to just be able to function ran an errand and then went into work...There I (in my possibly inebriated state the one time when maybe drunk me has made the right decision) decided that enough was enough and phoned my local rehab. Got them to admit me to be detoxed safely. ..That was Tuesday. ..While the heavily medicated Meth detox guys slept I threw myself into every meeting they had. Ate with the general population. Chatted a lot to the three to four week clean alcoholics who all looked great. On Wednesday the external AA meeting was chaired by an old colleague of mine who I really liked and respected. He's got four years now which means he was struggling while we were working together. I had absolutely no idea. ..The rehab wasn't keen for me to check out but I have to get prepped for work on Monday. ..So I've arranged for outpatient work with them. My counsellor is a 6ft4 rasta with the general demeanor of Samuel L Jackson in Pulp Fiction. "Do I look like a bitch? Then why you handing in this shitty job of a Step 1 to me like I'm your bitch motherfucker?". Not quite but not far off. It's actually refreshing. I'm a highly educated white guy probably six or seven years his senior but going to damn well make sure my Step 1 is done properly in all its grizzly glory come Monday evening...I'm feeling sad today. I miss my children. I miss being fit. I miss being respected. I am the very picture of powerlessness. ..But I'm getting up now to walk/jog for a mile or so (my running mates are running an ultra marathon today by comparison) and then I'm going to clean up and head to a 9 am meeting. 90 meetings in 90 days don't go to themselves...Stay strong everyone. And thank you for your kind words and support earlier this week. ..
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you are making good decisions and commitments. I believe that things will get a lot better for you one day at a time. Best wishes 
You are crushing it Thor. You'll be running miles so soon too you know. My fitness has improved dramatically these past 4 months. Lately I've been feeling bummed that I can't drink but reading these reminders from newly sober people reminds me how rough it was getting started and that I do NOT want to go through it again. Thanks for sharing. Happy Saturday. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you for sharing. Great job! IWNDWYT 
