-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8psr16/feeling_very_irritable_and_angry_with_people/

Hi SD...Over the past few days I've been growing increasingly irritable. I don't know if I'm imagining it or not (I'm thinking at least in some instances not) but I feel like friends and professional acquaintances are subtly digging at me or attempting to undermine me. In addition there are professional relationships I torched while using/drinking to address trauma and I'm feeling myself strangely reactivated around some of those incidents -- surely I was drunk but the traumatic incident was real and I'm still angry that it was dealt with in such a callous manner. Anyway if I was still drinking I'd be going around responding to everything creating new disasters and burning new bridges most likely. I think I must have been on a pink cloud for the first month of my sobriety or something because I would feel a bit of irritation or anger towards some people but those feelings would roll right over me and everything would be ok. ..I hate that I'm obsessing about very subtle put-downs from friends and worrying that insistence that we meet in a pub vs. a restaurant/cafe even though they know I'm not drinking means they want to undermine me. I'm supposed to go to this pub in 40 minutes. There's a part of me that just wants to say "fuck it": these people want me to be this way; no one wants me to be healthy or happy because if I'm a mess then they get to feel better about themselves. Sober I'm too strong. I'm in a competitive cruelly catty and superficial field and I almost feel like some people don't want me to thrive and that extends to me being sober...Anyone ever gone through this? Any tips for how to deal with people who subtly put you down (even though you compliment them and build them up) who don't seem to like you well and in control and sober? I'm headed to the pub in a few minutes and I'm feeling angry and I'm worried that this feeling building up is the prelude to a relapse -- I get super irritable and angry and say "fuck it" to myself and to everyone else by getting obliterated. ..
----------immediate responses--------

I understand!..Congratulations on Your Sober Progress!..Anger is my self manufactured drug...More powerful than alcohol...There are tools for processing...I got some in CBT counseling recovery meetings and other places...Most important for me is to notice if I'm getting impatient discontent irritated resentful.....  then I'm building toward anger...I always remember that anger is a choice.  ..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
ths is how i would want to think about it... feelings are creations. they are not omens. they do not have power over our behaviors. they do not tell us what will happen or what we will do. so no they are not telling you that you will relapse. they do not control your behavior and your deep knowledge that to be sober is your new way. they are however natural and naturally passing and changing all of the time. ..i will not let these passing emotions lead to a harmful situation. i want to protect myself keep myself safe. and care for myself. so i will look at my emotions and try to learn something from thembe interested in them and also let the pass. moreover the situations and people giving rise to these emotions have absolutely nothing to do with how i can be content right now. in that sense they are just nothing. ..i would also do a meditation pronto! :) ..i feel you. my anger and feelings of resentment can be powerful and painful and i have done bad things (mostly to myself) to feed them like a sacrifice. i don't need to do this. at all. love and hugs. i w n d w y t. 
Turn the anger towards pity for them. Look beyond the comments and realize that they KNOW this will only lead to bigger and better things for them and that terrifies them because they feel weak and trapped. So they lash out at you. Its very sad when you think about it. Instead of "fine assholes if this is what you want here you go" focus on "wow you guys must really think little of yourselves to try and make me feel little and I feel really sad for you but I cannot stay down here with you all any longer.".
I had to set boundaries.. my boss *was* trying to get me to drink.  My boundary was no booze no pub lunches.  If that's where they were meeting up I wouldn't go.  Because the couple times I did he tried to order me shots.  .We can create some rules and boundaries we refuse to cross because that helps regulate our environment at first and with all the emotional chaos it helps define things to simplify things.  .IWNDWYT good luck and I'm beaming you over some of my inner peace I seem to have extra these days   
Please take this with the kindness in which it is asked and not as any attempt to minimize how you're feeling at all: could hormones be a factor in your current emotions? I ask because it has been striking to me to notice how much hormones really drive my emotional cycle. I guess it's always happened but I think I dampened it with alcohol for years and years. I'm now trying to learn how to live with my emotions without letting them control me. Yoga and meditation are my current go-to tools. Okay I ended up on a low-dose birth-control also. I'm still figuring it out each month though.
