-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8pvnk2/struggling_with_this_decision_after_30_days/

It's been 33 days since I've had a drink and I feel like I'm so bored I'm going out of my mind. The thing is I have plenty of hobbies and stuff I like to do I just miss being at the bar socializing with people. I desperately miss that feeling of sitting on a patio with a beer and a buzz and laughing with friends. I work at home and have a home gym at home so I barely leave except to go to the grocery store. I've been still seeing my friends here and there but I feel like it's just not enough. I quit smoking too about 6 months ago and I don't feel like I'm missing out with smoking. I really do feel like I'm missing out with drinking though. ..I'm really questioning if I'm making the right choice to quit drinking. I was never a person who drank every day and I've never been a compulsive drinker where I would drink first thing in the morning or anything like that. Never had any DUIs. Recently quit because I started getting blackout drunk and making some bad decisions and driving drunk. Felt like it was not a positive in my life. ..I never really even tried to moderate my drinking. I just don't feel like I'm any happier now than I was while I was drinking. Maybe I can moderate my drinking if I try? Take an uber out if I'm planning to drink without any exceptions ever?? Or maybe I just need to go back to the way I used to drink which was to only drink light beer and I basically could never get drunk enough to blackout that way. When I started blacking out I was drinking liquor and I never used to do that before. I know a lot of people go back and forth with this decision and I thought at first that I wouldn't be one of those people but now it's just not at at all clear to me what the right thing is to do. ..I read "The Naked Mind" and it was interesting but also I just didn't identify with the writer. I've never felt addicted to alcohol. I don't crave it like the author did and I've never craved it like I craved nicotine. I was addicted to nicotine and that I was sure of.  I've never been drunk at work or really drank more than 2 days in a row. This would be easy if something crazy happened to me but my problem has been just overdoing it when I infrequently drank anyway. I think I'm getting to the point where I'm thinking about starting back to see if I can approach it differently. I never actually tried to approach it differently when I was drinking. Maybe that was my issue. This isn't fucking black and white right? There is no exact absolute answer right? ..Anyway I just wanted to share my thoughts here and see if anyone has any words of wisdom for me right now on how to proceed. Thanks for reading. 
----------immediate responses--------

If you weren't happy when you were drinking and you are not feeling any happier now what makes you feel there is some middle ground where you can continue drinking at some level and magically find happiness?..It doesn't sound logical to me. If I could have moderated before I quit I would have. There may be some underlying issue or you may just need to give it more time. It was about a year before I felt relieved from the obsession of alcohol and only after really putting effort into my recovery. 
I think it's completely normal to feel bored. When I stopped it was a BIG change. I'm still learning what to do with myself...Most helpful for me has been taking a deep breath in extremely stressful moments and realizing that life is a LONG affair. It's okay not to have the answers in thirty days  . Time has been the biggest helper for me in dealing with boredom.
I wish you all the luck and fortune in the world...Removing alcohol didn't solve all my problems.  But it made all my problems solvable...When I removed the alcohol from me I was left with "alcohol-less ME"...That was the good news!  I could then work on my main issues.  Find my authenticity and begin to fill my life with purpose in being useful to others...I always look at boredom as life's signal to me that I'm too focused on "Me"...When I do something for someone else I find zest in life!
Why do you feel it is necessary to drink in order to see your friends? If you don't have a problem with drinking just see your friends. They can drink. You don't. What's the problem?
What happens when you drink alcohol? 
A couple of thoughts - I work from home and also often work out (gym) at home.  Days can go by where I don't see anyone other than the dog husband and teens (and now that it's summer not really planning on seeing the teens).  Going out for drinks was a way for me to connect with other so I get it.  Since I'm no longer swilling wine (or meeting friends out for said wine) I find I'm more frequently feeling  cooped up  - my solution thus far has been a few work afternoons at Starbucks.  Not the same as meeting friends but it's kinda fun to be working away on my laptop surrounded by the buzz of people...As for going back to drinking - I had a few other quits.  Nothing major happened when I decided to start up again other than I was right back into it and the reality of it didn't match the romantic fun engaging picture I painted in my head.  I can say there was value in my starts/stops because my curiosity became sufficiently satisfied...I know I want to be alcohol free for good.   Now that there is no room for dithering in my head  things are starting to perk up in in my world (exciting and fun but in a different way than before).  Riding the fence was no bueno..
It's your decision to make and I totally understand what you mean. In previous attempts at quitting it was the loneliness and isolation that did me in. I just wanted to feel normal and connect with people. ..Working from home is super isolating. I know I did it for years before I got back on the 9-5 office life. If you want to continue to not drink I'd work on revitalizing your friendships and maybe finding new ways to spend your time outside the home like group fitness meetups etc.? Or even working out of cafes sometimes? ..I was getting extremely depressed recently and then one lunch with my friend totally turned around my attitude and I've been feeling pretty happy ever since. Relating to other humans is important. Sometimes I forget that and that's when I get into trouble.
