-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8q4w6w/functional_alcholic_for_5_years_on_day_two/

I've been steady drinking 4 pints a night for the past year with of course weekends and benders in between. Before that I was drinking a bottle of Jager a night for the 4 years prior but this is what I replaced it with as my reasoning in 'cutting down'. I've been able to keep it to the functional level where even my wife can't tell after I have had all of my drinks as due to previous trauma I'm able to keep it strictly mentally which has been destroying my mind. We have found out were pregnant and have baby number one on the way. I can't continue my drinking in this matter and the money saved would be incredible. I've tried multiple times before the farthest I have gotten was 10 days which was more recently (about 5 months ago). I am now on Day two with my wife's promise to quit smoking being the biggest motivation I could have...I just don't know how to deal with the mental anguish. The extreme shakes are tolerable but the headaches constant thoughts and cravings are unbearable. I have tried to replace it with some hobbies but I have the complete lack of the sense of 'fun' - what suggestions would you all have to get through this? I am diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder but keep myself highly functioning in that (running a corporate business) so it's already a daily struggle for me to task what I do. .Please help me..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Seriously what helped me the most was reading and writing.  I read blogs (like *Mrs D is Going Without* and *Offdry*)  I read *This Naked Mind*  by Annie Grace.  I wrote down goals feelings everything I could think of that I thought might help me.  I didn't worry about quitting drinking forever.  I made a commitment to myself to not drink for one month and then reanalyze and see if I could go for another month or two.  ..I also had to slow down listen to my body and mind's needs and learn to deal with life sober.  I cut down on caffeine took it slower at work let the housework slide a bit if I needed to take some time for myself.  ..Be mindful of tying up your quitting with your wife's quitting.  Support is good pressure is problematic.  Best wishes to you both.
I was also a fully functional alcoholic.  My drinking never bothered anyone.   I never lost a job SO or anything really because of my drinking.  No one asked me to quit.  However one morning I woke up and realized that I wasn't a heavy drinker.  I was an alcoholic and moderation will never be an option for me.  The choice was to give in and accept the fact that I would drink more and more each day until it started to cost me or I died.  Or to never drink again.  I decided to never drink again...The first few weeks were filled with boredom and lack of interest in everything except having a drink.  I would count  the hours until I could go to bed.  So I understand your "lack of the sense of fun".   The could news is that it will come back.  What I felt during the first few weeks isn't what I feel now.  I still want to drink.  However I also want to do other things now as well.  It is easier to distract myself...I will not drink with you today.
The thing that gets me is that I thought because I the cravings were so strong that I had to do major things to fight them. For me anyway it's just a bunch of small easy little things that make all the difference. It's hard to believe it works. ..I am in the group of people who used alcohol due to poor (nonexistent) healthy coping mechanisms. I had to get a therapist to teach me healthy coping mechanisms and to help me to understand what was going on in my head. I am smart but also dumb. I also talk mean to myself...Anyways. My key thing is to to be nice to myself preemptively throughout the day - massages baths funny videos exercise etc. - to try and stop the cravings even occurring. Then she helped me to create a list of things preplanned to do if the cravings hit - deep breaths ice pack to face intense exercise guided relaxations non alcoholic sparkling grape juice funny videos...I'm not drinking today...
I remember reading something on tumblr once. It was something like .."I know you want to save the world but it's okay if you only save one person and it's okay if that person is you".
Once I stopped drinking I realized that some of the feelings I was drinking to avoid were caused or exacerbated by alcohol.  Shame for not being in control leading to low self-esteem depression etc.  These feelings aren't gone but they are much diminished now that I'm sober.  The first weekend I was like  Why am I doing this?   Like you I never lost a job or relationship I am successful etc. despite drinking a bottle plus daily.  Now that I'm more clear-headed the reasons why are easier to spot.  I didn't think my family noticed how heavily I was drinking or were turned off by my behavior but they did and were especially my little niecey.  Just hold on focus on now.  ..Keep us updated.  We've all been there.
I'm only 17 days in right now so I am by no means an expert on sobriety. I'm still really afraid that I will lose the motivation to keep this fight going especially since I hid it well enough from other people in my life that they never realized I had a problem that needed fixing. ..But I will share the part of my struggle that I feel relates to you. For a long time now I have considered myself to be a functional alcoholic - sure I drank pretty much every night... but there were always reasons that I could convince myself it wasn't a pressing issue. Here are some of my own justifications I used to procrastinate dealing with the issue:..- I've never had trouble holding down a job..- I was able to maintain positive relationships with my friends and family. .- I never managed to get myself in heaping amounts of debt. .- I never had a DUI. .- I never had to go to the hospital for alcohol poisoning..- I could always find someone who was worse off than I was...But a few weeks ago something just clicked for me. I was viewing all of these as accomplishments. But they aren't accomplishments they are just an absence of complete and total failure. Growing up I was the type of student who expected themselves to get straight A's but I was now allowing myself to go through my life content with C-'s...- Sure I could hold down a job but I wasn't happy at them and didn't feel like I was thriving..- I maintained positive relationships with friends and family but I had to hide a great deal of my life from them. And I have been pretty unsuccesful in maintaining more intimate relationships..- I never was in heaping debt but money was generally pretty tight. It was a cause for a lot of anxiety..- I didn't have a DUI and I never got behind the wheel while wasted but my standard for 'too drunk to drive' was slipping..- I had managed to avoid the hospital but I was afraid to go to doctors because of what I might find out. And just because I was never literally in the hospital didn't mean I would wake up happy - I still had very frequent hangovers..- And I could always find people who had things worse than me but recently one of my friends passed away from substance abuse. The person I had to compare myself to in order to convince myself things were fine literally had such a big problem that they died at 28 (RIP she was an extremely loving and caring soul)...Sure I was 'functional' but how long until I wasn't. And really how much do you cherish the things or people in your life that can best be described as functional? It never occured to me how low that standard was until I gave up the bottle. ..To relate this to you personally there is soon going to be a human being that is going to grow up thinking the world of you. They are going to learn from you mimic your behavior and hold onto your every word. When it's feeling really hard I think it might help to ask yourself if you want to be a functional father or the best damn dad that you can be. ..Also for all the difficulty that you are experiencing right now - the headaches the constant thoughts the cravings - the longer you wait to fight these the harder it will be. I know it's hard as hell but you can do this and even though it doesn't go away entirely it *does* get easier...Anyways I am sorry for the wall of text because this didn't mean to come off as a rant. I'd wish you good luck but you won't need luck because you've already taken the first step in admitting to yourself that you need to change your habbits and that's the hardest part. You are going to accomplish this. IWNDWYT!
