-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8q5417/my_friends_kids_bday_and_friends_offered_me_shots/

I said no and just dipped a lime wedge in salt and left it at that. I'm pretty proud of myself because tequila was my jam before and now being sober is my jam. My my i have come a long way. *pats self on the back* . Definitely had those thoughts of f it have a beer reset your badge who cares you won't get carried away you can control yourself. And I just let them come in and out of my mind like any other passing thought. My friend even handed me his beer to hold so the kids didn't get to it at one point and at that moment i didn't have any urge or craving i just thought hm wow I'm holding a beer and i am not drinking it...Not at all trying to brag i hope it inspires someone to know that if i can do it they can too. And also i am writing this to reinforce for myself that I'm not out of the woods i mean with alcoholism are you ever out of the woods? Gotta stay vigilant because so long as those thoughts pop in and out of my mind relapse could be right around the corner. I didn't drink today and i won't tonight or tomorrow. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! This weekend I have had similar thoughts and tricky social drinking situations. Today was the most triggering with a brunch at my brother's house. There was liquor champagne plenty of people participating. Not me I just cooked and enjoyed their silliness. IWNDWYT tonight or tomorrow!
Nice work. It weird I almost treat alcohol like it's on fire. Don't touch it and try to keep it away. Way to stay strong. 
You have every right to brag! Talk about being tested with alcohol and staying sober &amp; you passed. No easy feat - any time you get through a test like this it only makes you stronger. 
I was taught that I had to learn to live in a world filled with alcohol. It's telling how true that is when people are doing shots at a child's birthday party! I didn't even think that happened!..Keep up the good work!
