-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qj5sg/i_fessed_up_to_a_total_stranger_and_she_was_so/

I'm on my quarterly business trip to the city Relapse Central right but this time I'm prepared confident and determined on not giving in to the old patterns and habits. Three coffees a lunch and an ice cream later I'm still kicking ass in the sunniest nicest day imaginable. I had two hours to spare so I went to the cinema asked the girl at the counter for recommendations and blurted out that I'm seven months sober and that I'd rather go to the movies than the outdoor bars that pop up like dandelions. My childish pride must have been contagious because she lit up and expressed so profound joy and admiration that well we had a moment there of just being humans and that was pretty sweet. ..Dear fellow human! I will not drink with you today! 
----------immediate responses--------

Well done! 7 months is awesome.  
That's such a cool moment.  I will happily not drink with you today!
7 months! You're amazing. IWNDWYT
That is awesome! Congrats on 7 months I would be randomly telling folks too.
That's so sweet. Good luck on your trip fellow human. I will not drink with you today.
I am always tempted on business trips to "see" the place I am visiting by going to a bar.  So maybe I drink a regional beer but a bar is a bar is a bar so what am I really seeing?  Imagine if I spent that time walking the downtown area or seeing famous sites.  Then I might really see the place instead of just the bottom of a glass.  My silly logic has screwed me up before but I won't let it next time - coming up in just a week!..Great work getting to a safe place.  What movie did you see?
That's so cool.  I hope the movie was good. Seven months is a great achievement. You're kicking butt!
That's  the good stuff  people are always hunting. Thanks for sharing! 
Very nice share.  Thank you!  Great job!
This is a nice wholesome share thanks for this hit of brightness today   .iwndwyt
Seven months is something to be proud of!  So much of it I think is how we feel about our decision.  Now I'm happy about not drinking people I tell are happy for me.  Do you think your fellow human there was seeing the peace and contentment your decision has brought you?   ..Stay cool in the city Homer.  Let me know if you feel the calling for more ice cream but I will not drink with you today :)
That's so amazing! I love her response! And really well done 
Good choice St. H! What did you see?
talk about an unexpected benefit of being sober right.? :) instilling joy and admiration in others instead of disgust and sadness :)..Congratz on your seven buddy.Unmathable..
Hey great job!..A couple of weeks ago I got into chatting with a Lyft driver who is 7 years sober. We connected chatted about sobriety and he sent me on my way with encouragement positivity and a nice story...James if you're out there keep up the good work bud!
Awesome! What did you end up seeing?
This was sweet and I'm glad you shared it. It made me happy :) ..CONGRATULATIONS ON 7 MONTHS! You are amazing and your success is inspiring!
Congrats. I have a conference coming up which usually means lots of late night drinks and a hangover. I will take a page from your book and not drink during this business trip. Thanks for sharing.
Nice!
That is so wonderful \- what a great connection of the purely human variety.  Congratulations!
Nice!
This is adorable. Thanks for sharing!
Be proud!! You've earned it and you're an inspiration :) 
I guess that's maybe the only good thing about being an addict. You run into the occasional opportunity to bond with someone you barely know over a personal struggle that deeply affects both of you
What film did you see?
Upvoted    .So happy for you! And her!.Can only imagine the impact you had on her :)
