-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qmuda/first_post/

Hi Everyone.  I have never posted anything to an online forum.  I am completely desperate here.  I came into AA on my own accord over 3 years ago.  I've had at most 5 mos. of continual sobriety.  I am not looking to slow down my drinking I need it to stop altogether.  When I drink I blackout EVERY TIME.  Once I relapse I beat myself up so much and it's gets harder to keep going to meetings and get involved in the fellowship.  I have a sponsor and she's amazing.  I have very good friends who are sober.  But I cant seem to stay sober.  So here I am looking for additional support or maybe another way.  Please help! And thank you! 
----------immediate responses--------

I am really sorry that AA hasn't been a road to recovery for you. It saved my ass. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to all of the major recovery programs. Hopefully one will stick out as something you can relate to. ..It seems like we have one thing in common. We couldn't quit on our own. Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! You will find something that will work for you. It may be a combination of AA with other support and resources. Or it may be a collection of resources that don't include AA. But you will find it. Your joining this group is a sign of your determination and resourcefulness to find a way. I will not drink with you today. 
Welcome! This is a very supportive community and I hope you can find some help and encouragement here. I check this board when I wake up before I go to bed and periodically throughout the day to help keep my resolve to not drink strong. Hopefully you can find kindred spirits here and know you aren't alone. I'm proud of you for posting! IWNDWYT!
Hi and welcome!!  I was a black out drinker and a chronic relapser too.  This time just feels different.  Once I accepted moderation wsnt possible to me \- and I did anything it took to stay sober\- the miracles started happening.  Im on into month 2 and I feel fantastic.
