-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qn6o1/i_think_im_grieving/

After the first few days of feeling really good I'm starting to grieve... I get angry when I see pictures of people responsibly enjoying a drink on their vacation. I bargain with myself...maybe one day when you're on vacation...Even though I know I can't give in because it will never be just one...I'm constantly afraid that I'm going to mess up. I'm depressed that I can't drink like a normie. ..I'm hanging on by a thread today...A blessing and a curse is that I found out I've done damage to my liver and so I need to stay sober to give my insides a chance to heal. I'm also starting a new healthy eating program to try to lose some of the drinking weight I've gained and to reframe my relationship with food. I'm looking forward to loving the way I look again. Right now I'm struggling to love myself at all I feel like a loser and a failure because I've let my body down for so many years. ..I think I've covered four of the five stages of grief. I'm looking forward to the acceptance phase!!! How long did it take y'all to come to terms with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I feel like the grieving is totally natural and the shit that gets me down and the cravings often pass with meditation and prayer. Even if you're not religious. ..And presto a new day. .Then I'm back on the track again and life reminds me just how beautiful the world can be with the right perspective. Life shows me just what I'm sober for and that far outweighs the times I won't be able to drink...Sending you lots of light and love. .You can do this and we are here for you. ..IWNDWYT
Grieving is a part of the process but remember you are grieving an abusive lover. .I think it took me about four months to get to a place where I really thought of myself as a non-drinker and happy for it. .Congrats on double digits! 
Hi Sheebacat - I definitely went through a grieving process. I'd say it lasted a week. It DOES get better I promise you. Hang in there. 
Still working on it myself...Someone here said something to me that I haven't forgotten:  ten miles in ten miles out.  ..We can't expect to change years of personality and identity shaping behavior with a few weeks of sobriety.  Drinking became a part of who we are and it takes a long time to come to terms with that and find a new place of comfort from which you can sit in yourself. 
