-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qol08/welp_im_here_traveled_for_work_the_first_time/

and everything was hella fucking smoother. not obsessively thinking about when i can start drinking.  had nice interactions with people around me.  ..i'm in a city whose downtown is incredibly focused on boozing as its culture.  i'm aware that most cities have this focus as well but this one--especially so.  even my hotel.  bars on every floor.  24 hour drink service to your room.  just super over the top...upon getting my keys to the room i was asked if i wanted a key to the mini bar.  easily said no.  quite frankly the booz offered at this bougie hotel is so minuscule to what i consumed that it just wouldn't have worked anyway for my raging appetite inside.  i would have for sure downloaded one or two of the twenty apps this city has to offer for alcohol delivery.  would have started in already.  had everything sitting on ice.  ..i'm here for work and tomorrow isn't even a full day so i would have gone especially ham tonight.  calling and texting everyone i never contact.  feeling like i'm living the life.  probably ordering shitty food at midnight.  i probably would have freaked out about where i was going to get e-cigs since i probably couldn't order them in so i would have put up a big fuss about walking to this huge parking garage my rental is sitting in and gotten lost a few times finding a convenience store.  all for some menthol ecigs.  which btw sober suck.  i don't even like smoking period.  but when the wine and champage and lime beer hit my tongue i was off to the races...god i would have passed out at some point having just stayed in my room listening to music my ego swelling with each gulp i take.  reaching out to people i shouldn't.  saying things i shouldn't.  convincing myself it wasn't a big deal since i was just alone anyway.  waking up with extreme anxiety.  dehydration.  chugging hotel water to quench my thirst.  trying to find electrolytes.  eating some more shitty (yet probably delicious) room service.  not on my wedding grind like i am right now.  which has honestly just become a way of life.  ..instead of all of this.  i just traveled.  made it to this awesome hotel.  am preparing for my upcoming week of work. ordered in groceries for the week so i can stick to my meal plan.  two cases of perrier slim cans--they save my life.  ..tons of books on deck.  chromecast.  an amazing workout room just down the hall.  ..and the ability to explore downtown whenever i want.  not having to worry about whether my cohorts will smell white wine on my breath after lunch.  not having to deal with the extreme guilt i always dealt with when i made all of these choices.  i can just be in . . . quiet.  ..it's nice.  i'd like to continue on this journey.  it makes me feel good. ..i spent month 6 dreading this trip and then future tripped to the point where i was convinced i would drink.  i worked through it with all of my tools so by the time month 7 came i wasn't even considering entertaining those thoughts.  i don't doubt i will have more struggles.  of course i will.  ..but i can't beat this little set up here this week...take care everyone you all help me so incredibly much.  i will not be drinking today with you all. 
----------immediate responses--------

Keep it going brother and stay strong. Youve got this.
Talk about a plan! You knew exactly what you needed to do to survive this trip and you put it into *action*. Great work and good on you! ..Im a musician who occasionally travels for gigs and I'm a bit apprehensive of my upcoming trip but I like you have put a plan together and I understand that nothing changes just because I'm traveling.  ..:)..
I am leaving for a ten\-day work trip on Friday morning also to a place which is famed for drinking/partying. This was really inspiring to read I needed this. Thank you! 
