-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qp0gu/i_relapsed_again_first_aa_meeting_tomorrow/

Well I had nearly two weeks of sobriety under my belt and felt amazing. Then I decided to go on a date last week. Had two drinks congratulated myself for being moderate. Went on a date the next day. Had three drinks congratulated myself again. Then Thursday rolls around. I don't feel that feat anymore  anxiety jittery tension setting in. Another date this time consume an entire bottle of wine. Friday I hate myself drink another bottle of wine. Sunday a few drinks out. ..The yesterday happened. Woke up with horrific anxiety. Drank two bottles of wine alone. Two bottles. I know that's a demented amount of alcohol...I'm going through an unbelievably stressful few months in terms of career pressure and I know I'm self medicating. When I wasn't drinking for two weeks I made huge progress. Why did I have to screw it ip yet again??..So tomorrow I'm trying AA for the first time. I plan to go to a women's only meeting.  Has anyone else tried and failed and tried and failed multiple times??? Is there any hope that I can come out of this????
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;Has anyone else tried and failed and tried and failed multiple times??? ..Probably all of us haha. You are not alone here...&gt;Is there any hope that I can come out of this???? ..The Sinclair Method is what finally worked for me. It is the only treatment program that actually deals with the physiological cause of the cravings. It works around 80&amp;#37; of the time which is a lot better than most options so it will probably work for you too. Good luck.
There is hope. I couldn't do it on my own but once I found myself sitting in an AA meeting I have been able to stay sober. I am glad to hear you are giving it a try. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
It took me several attempts at stopping before I finally stopped. Ultimately taking a non critical attitude about my relapses helped each time I learned something and did a little better!..Starting positive habits helped a lot (walking and art) meditation and RR 
I have had hundreds of day 1s. I started going to AA a couple of weeks ago and so far it has been very helpful. I have met lots of other sober women and have people that I check in with regularly now. It's been a very supportive environment. I hope your first meeting goes well! I think going to a women's meeting is a great starting place. 
2+ years of throwing spaghetti at the wall and hoping it sticks! ..Now 33 days of sobriety one day at a time.  ..AA and getting a therapist have helped me immensely.
[removed]
We are all works in progress. Important thing is to dust yourself off and try again. I had a year long relapse. I don't even know if that's considered one still. Or i just had stretches of sobriety between stretches of drinking  demented amounts of alcohol  as you say   but anyway I hope you enjoy your meeting. I found the women's ones to be pretty rad! I think you'll enjoy them. I'm not much for socializing. However I find the social interaction I get with the women in my home group to be invaluable in my sobriety. ..I will not drink with you today! 
yes. i relapsed a few times before i finally understood my disease. it was really bad and powerful.  I could not stay sober without AA/help.  I would but then i would relapse over and over again.  Today im 7 months sober now. Not just sober from alcohol/weed im sober from so many spiritual mental physical psychological emotional challenges.  Mind you i still get anxiety but I am HEALING! Alcohol is incredibly toxic...and u dont realize it until you GET sober.    its the best thing i ever did. the hardest and bravest but it was worth it. i only relapsed because like you \- i did NOT understand the allergy/disease.  It is NOT a moral issue.  You cannot mentally stay sober on will power and drive alone.   Or going to alcoholic environments and testing yourself.  The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results.  Thats why alcoholism is a four fold disease. Because we are in denial.  Or try to use excuses as to why we should use a toxic addictive substance.  Get the big book get a sponsor do the steps and focus on step one.  I still go to 2 meetings a week (I did meetings every day for the first 3 months) it was worth it. now i only have sober friends and trust me they are amazing and their lives and well being is amazing.  They are wise ppl who legit love and care about me and push me to do well in other areas of my life.  a second family if you already have a family...or a new family if you have none.  hope  that helps. 
Just about everyone has tried and failed   multiple times! And yes there's hope. You've just learned the basic lesson about alcoholism which is that for alcoholics attempts to moderate don't work. Normal healthy drinkers don't have this problem. ..I'm in AA and find that same-sex meetings are great! I go to men's meetings weekly. My female friends in the program say the same things about women's meetings so you should be in good hands...Just take it one day at a time! Pretty soon they'll add up.
Yes I "tried" and failed for years...AA has helped me tremendously.  I'm not obsessed with the AA book like some members but it was very helpful to read.  I could identify with its numerous stories about people failing to moderate.  The book says something like "Try this experiment:  go to the bar and have only 2 drinks and no more.  If you can do this without getting drunk that day or the following day you may not have a drinking problem."  My sponsor told me he'd give me $10 to try the experiment and I didn't take the money because I knew I'd fail...Another version of the experiment: have 1 beer on Monday 2 on Tuesday 3 on Wednesday 4 on Thursday drink as much as you want on Friday but have no drinks on Saturday or Sunday.  Personally it was almost guaranteed I would get drunk on both Friday and Saturday.  I would tell myself ahead of time that I would not drink on Sunday but would always end up rationalizing it based on "needing" alcohol to help me sleep...The AA book convinced me that \*I\* cannot moderate my drinking today and I never will be able to.  The only workable solution for me is complete abstinence.  Once I finally admitted this to myself it was a lot less difficult to move forward...There is always hope.  Each sober day is a victory.
I tried and failed million times. I like to congratulate myself too! Then I went to AA and had massive success. I was told that AA doesn't work for those who need it it works for those who are willing to go to any lengths to stay sober. If you are willing to do this I think you have nothing but hope to move forward with!..I hope you will try additional meetings as well. I personally hate women's meetings but that's only in my area. Meetings differ greatly from hour to hour day to day even when held at the same location. I've been to a few I don't care for and many that are great but it took time to find the right ones.
