-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qpwbr/long_night_tough_night_triggering_post_likely_and/

Was sober for several years..Got things in order without AA primarily...Relapses happened; three hospitalizations happened...Went back to old habits. Old habits got worse and worse:..Lately my support system has just gotten used to me drinking. ..Wake up need a cup of coffee.  Need a cigarette. Need to pee. Need a drink.  And it starts with that and my drinking goes all day from start to finish. Half a 1.75 liter of vodka some beers or some wine or some tequila every day now. ..I make miracles happen. Do everything I'm asked to do while drinking. I'm everything and everywhere.  It's killing me in both senses (obviously) ..Writing this inebriated and I sincerely apologize if I'm triggering or whatever anyone. ..I got halfway through a teaching degree halfway through nursing school 3/4 way toward a degree in social work. I can't finish anything. I have no kids only ex's and family who helps me through the day the week my life....It's 1am and I'm suddenly alone and faced with all of this and I feel like I'm falling apart...I always said if I had kids or hit rock bottom I would have to change. It seems like I time and time again keep avoiding rock bottom. I don't want to seek it out...I am in the process of attempting to get disability- mental health issues - because despite whatever potential I might possess I can't put it all together and I was told that alcoholism disqualifies one from disability so rehab might not be an option. ..So I'm just a 32 year old guy drunk and crying and don't know where else to go from here. 
----------immediate responses--------

You sound like you're in a mid\-life crisis and some counselling and therapy would help to prioritise some of your fears/anxiety. Its not good to post on here when drunk/emotional but we understand. ..The best thing now is rest as continuing to drink will only prolong the emotional side you're experiencing. 
I'm so sorry that you're struggling.  Please come and see us in the morning when you're sober.  There is a strict policy that users may not post if drunk.  I really am hoping you'll come be part of this community and I believe that you can achieve sobriety once again.  
From a 38 year old drunk and crying too I don't know either man...
You don't have to hit "rock bottom" whatever you think that would mean. You can stop now you just have to kill off the uncontrollable cravings that cause you to drink (and to drink more and more once you start). The book that changed my life was *The Cure for Alcoholism* by Dr. Eskapa. It outlines a treatment that uses medicine (naltrexone) to actually deal directly with the physiological cause of the alcohol cravings. It has around an 80&amp;#37; success rate so as hopeless as you probably feel right now there is no reason to think it can't also work for you. It was truly a miracle in my life.
