-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qwl3x/can_i_stop_is_it_worth_it/

I've been struggling with drinking for years now. I'm sick every morning and drunk by every afternoon. I'm 25 years old and destroying my body. ..However I just graduated with a masters degree I'm making decent money I work out I have a social life very little stressors. ..How do I bring myself to quit something so destructive while being  successful ? I've almost convinced myself I don't have a problem bc I'm functional but that's when I go buy alcohol.....Advice to stop the cycle of destruction?
----------immediate responses--------

I can't tell if if you should. I can only tell yu how I quit.  ..Not everyone that drinks too much is an alcoholic and not everyone that quits drinking is an alcoholic but not drinking is always healthier than drinking. And it costs hell of a lot less money. ..Looking back alcohol never added anything to my life. It only took away in some was it will never be easier for you to quit right now. In others it may be hard because you don't have a trail of destruction... yet. Ask anyone that has at least two years sobriety. None of us will say we quit too soon. The closest you will hear is  just in time . ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
Being sick every morning is not successful. Imagine what you can achieve whilst being sober I would say that I operated at about 60% whilst drinking.  Alcoholics can be very driven people. It's not proven but I think there is a link between those that are achievers and how big and deep we get into drinking. Somebody once said we should put as much effort and energy into our drinking as we did into our drinking.  It's a powerful thought. Iwndwyt 
What is your masters in and what are you doing for work? Are you genuinely happy with what you are doing for work? There has to be a reason you're drinking daily - something you're not happy with in life perhaps? ..But I could be wrong maybe you use like drinking a lot. As others above have said you'll always be healthier and richer if you stop drinking. 
I have the same job   am a MSED and BCBA. Good luck on stopping drinking you can do it... I'm still trying too!
I continually lowered my standards for myself in order to keep drinking to the point where it became really difficult to penetrate the wall of justifications and rationalizations I built up around myself. Sounds like you're doing a bit of the same. How does being sick from alcohol every morning qualify in any way as "functional"? That's not how most people function. Besides as I learned "functional" is not a type of alcoholism it is stage that lasts longer for some than for others.  ..It was painful at first but the way I stopped started with being brutally honest with myself. After that I sought out help from others who had stopped and seemed to be happy living sober lives. At that point it just became about taking some suggestions.  
The way I see it when I was "successful" while drinking I wasn't nearly as "successful" as I am with no alcohol. I'd never know how "successful" I can actually be if I kept drinking...Also as someone else mentioned being sick every morning &amp; drunk every afternoon is not "successful" in my book.
