-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8qzk2l/i_think_i_tried_to_drown_myself_last_night/

I woke up to wet clothes and a phone call to the suicide hotline. I vaguely remember standing in my backyard pool committing to drowning myself. I know this sounds melodramatic but I do remember debating whether I should. I could have. But I didn't. Part of me wishes I did. ..I've been struggling with the beginning of alcoholism since the end of last year. My mother is an alcoholic. My stepmother was an alcoholic. I don't mean to use that as an excuse but I'm scared that maybe there are precursors to it. ..I know I'm severely depressed. I don't have a job. I don't have a social life (discounting online friendships). I'm panicking because I'm waiting for a second interview from a job I really want and they haven't called back. I graduated Valedictorian of my high school and Cuma Sum Laude from my college. And yet here I am depending on my significant other to survive because otherwise I'm useless. ..Part of me doesn't want to live. Not that I want to kill myself but I don't want to exist. I wish I never existed. ..But then part of me knows this is irrational. I know that people will tell me to seek treatment but I don't have the funds nor the will power. I want to talk to someone but my feelings and emotions are so convoluted and I feel they're so "first world problem" esque that I won't be taken serious...
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad that you've not drowned and that you came to this site.  You are not useless.  There is a list in the sidebar of types of meetings:  AA Smart Refuge.  A lot of people find support in ways they didn't imagine.  They meet friends.  They at least feel like they are doing something positive to address the problems at hand.  ..I use this sub as my meeting but there are many paths to sobriety and a better life.  Stick with us.  You can find your path I know it. Can you talk to your family or fiance about your suicidal feelings?  Can you try a meeting or make another plan to not drink?
This is tough. I'm sorry you're going through this. ..100 days ago I was in high care after a drunken suicide attempt and felt a lot like the things you've typed. ..It's been here be heck of a journey but my life is so much better without that poison. ..Hang in there and here if you want to chat x
Only you can determine if you have a problem.  There is a lot of free resources with online quizzes chat rooms articles that have the answers to your questions. I found those to be super helpful when I was determining if I had a problem. My conclusion was that it wouldn't hurt to just try the extended sober challenge. ..I figured I could be a sober alcoholic or just a sober person  just because.' There's no need to apply that label on someone if they choose to pursue sobriety. Think of it as preventative. ..I hope you find clarity soon and continue to choose life and if you so choose sobriety. IWNDWYT. 
I don't know if this is helpful or not but I am like 13% suicidal when sober and 100% suicidal when I'm drinking. No I'm not cured but I can at least tackle it and have a fighting chance. I can't control myself when drunk especially in a blackout so it's too dangerous to play that game...Being an alcoholic is not a prerequisite to stop drinking or stay sober. When alcohol started being more of a problem than a benefit for me stopping was the best way to fix that full stop. Who cares what the label is.
