-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r1rt1/i_relapsed_after_my_anniversary_it_only_gets/

Requesting badge reset...I relapsed lost my job totaled my car and ended up in the hospital with a BAC of .49..Stop now. It only gets worse. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. You can do this. It's hard as fuck. But you can! ..IWNDWYT.
I won't drink with you.  
Starting today with you.. can't redo the past let's make future better..
 i always say it sure was damned hard to get out of that haunted house in one piece why the hell would i turn around go back in?? IWNDWYT
I'm sorry to hear that. Dammit! But thank you for sharing your experience. It serves as a valuable reminder that I'll always be an alcoholic and that I can never go back to drinking in moderation. IWNDWYT.
.49... wow going for the high score?..thats not a high score you want the prize is death ..well time to start rebuilding ..best of luck 
Oh shit.  I'm sorry.  I'm glad you're back with us now.  You've got some good tools to use and not all is lost.  We're here for you.
Thanks for sharing. ..You made it to today and you're willing to try again. You're not giving up that is what is most important! ..You made it a year and that is still a great achievement. No matter what happened after. You should look on the positive. You made it a whole year without a drink. You can do it again. Everyone here believes in you. 
Thank you for sharing your story. I'm sorry. It sucks. I think a lot of us have stories and we can relate. We got this. I've been at a dark place like that. Strength comes in connecting with others and working hard at it. I wish you strength.
Damn that sucks. Here we go again.
Yep. I relapsed early last year at 15 months sober. My drinking ended up being even worse than it had been before and it was also much much harder to quit. But I somehow managed to stop the insanity and now I'm almost a year sober again! Best wishes getting back on track and thanks for sharing.
That must have been rough. I'm glad you made it out on the other side though. Thanks for sharing this I'm sure it was very helpful to a lot of people that were thinking about relapsing. 
It defiantly only gets worse !! We have to never forget that . I'm glad you are back and fighting . IWDWYT 
Thanks for posting sorry you had to go through that.  Onward and upwards!.IWNDWYT 
I'm so sorry you had to go through all of that and thank you for posting. It's post like yours that will help a lot of people who toy with the idea that some day they can handle moderation such as myself.  Clearly it's not worth the risk of even seeing if it will work!
You got this man! Thank you for sharing. I know if I relapse I would probably die the same day because of how heavily I used to drink. I tell myself all the time.. you drink one and you will die because it's never just one. You're back. That's what matters the most! Thank you for the motivation. I'll be thinking of you today. IWNDWYT
Welcome back! I like your seriousness and your determination. The good news is that you are alive you are young and now you really really know you can't drink successfully. Think about all that led up to that relapse.  IWNDWYT.
It's crazy how when you relapse you pick up right where you left off and just continue to go down. So glad you're back with us though! IWNDWYT :)
Rough ride! I'm glad you're back to tell the tale. ..Remember it's one day at a time. ..IWNDWYT
I am sincerely happy you are still with us and without a manslaughter charge. Cars and jobs can be replaced. ..Welcome back! And thank you for the warning.  
Well done on being sober with me today. Much success for tomorrow
I had a year and a week got some bad news hit the bottle ended up at a detox centre and was sent to hospital via ambulance in the middle of the night due to audio and visual hallucinations. ..My GP came to see me looked at my blood work and said  I don't know why you are not in organ failure. ..I look at the 900 odd days now and think that ought to be 1260-ish. But so it goes. ..I learned a lot because of that slip. Hope you're able to learn from yours too.  Clear you body and mind and start again. You are worth it. 
I'm sorry to hear this. It's good that you're back! You can rebuild. If you don't mind my asking were you doing AA or any other organized sobriety group?   ..Also just personally this is why I hesitate to celebrate sober day counts. I feel like just because I've been sober for a certain amount of time it doesn't mean I'm safe from relapse. Just because I didn't drink yesterday doesn't mean I won't drink today.  I feel like the booze monster "prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour". This is not to say that people shouldn't celebrate milestone victories! That is not what I mean. I'm just...anxious about getting overconfident.
None of us are safe from relapse!!! Never get to cocky with your sober days people. What you are going through is my biggest fear balconythrowaway.  I relapsed so many times in the beginning in and out of the hospital with liver failure the whole shooting match.  I have to tell you being a 24/7 strait up drunk that .49 is a killer. Man we must like to get close to death.  IWNDWYT
Glad you're still with us and hopefully on the road to recovery...I haven't even hit a year yet but I'm considering the idea of resetting my badge when I get there. I wonder if seeing a large number would make me feel more complacent with thinking that "Oh I can absolutely have just one drink! Look how far I've come. It will be different this time..." when I know that it would end up otherwise...Every relapse post validates that I am only one drink away from being back to square one and it serves as a humbling reminder for me to focus on today's sobriety.  IWNDWYT
Hey girl..I know how bad you feel.  I literally did the same thing (DUI crashed car lost job etc) during a relapse...The good news is I quit again.  And stayed quit...You can too.  ..So much love to you    there is life on the other side.  I promise.
Thanks for posting for us...Glad you're back on track IWNDWYT. 
I also relapsed although I only had 28 days (which is a lot for me). Got a DUI  (in feb) that I'm going to jail for this weekend and it's been the most hellish 4 months of my life. I didn't stop drinking though which is the worst part. Now I'm ready to do this whole heartedly and knowing finally that I can't do this alone. Best of luck to you as we fight the good fight again. I hope to get a year and beyond!
I was just listening this morning to the bit in This Naked Mind about how for some of us our brains are permanently changed and primed so even one drink sets us off immediately like we never stopped. ..Glad you are back
Thank you for sharing this. 
That is a very sobering reminder thank you and best of luck.
Glad you are alive friend! I need to hear these stories so thank you for sharing. I am 3 weeks into my 3rd recovery attempt of the last year and this always has been my trap. It's like the beast of alcoholism has been waiting and growing and just needs the key of alcohol to get let out again. It totally goes against logical thought - you would assume that if you haven't drank in a year that you might be able to moderate it better right? Wrong :(..Something that I have learned is so important about finding that support group is that for every meeting I go to I remind myself that I'm still an alchy and that the problem only gets worse. If I don't remind myself of that every day that I wake up and look in the mirror I will most likely find a brilliantly imaginative way of justifying drinking again and like you said the consequences and insanity just get bigger and bigger each time. ..God bless!
Nice work on starting over. I'd have a very hard time and appreciate the good example. 
Early knock-off for Friday. The lizard-brain was at me. "Get some beer on the way home. It'll be fine." I squash that thought down and come home and read SD. Yours is the first post I read. I needed to read this. Need to understand I still have a job still have a car. Need to remember that drinking can take that away from me just like that...I'm so sorry for you with what you've been thru but I'm glad you are back here and not drinking again. Know that you have really helped someone keep their head on straight today. IWNDWYT. 
I relapsed after about 16 months. After losing more than $8000 7 hospital stays close to a hundred thousand dollars in medical Bill's and a completely ruined life long relationship I'm still rebuilding what I destroyed on that run. It was actually 2 years ago almost to the dot today I went out. Thank you for sharing this. I needed to read it since we seem to forget the bad times and focus exclusively on the month or so of good times I had before the bottom fell out from under me. IWNDWYT
Welcome back. Yikes thanks for the reminder... it really doesn't get better.
Welcome back. I'm sorry that you're going through that right now I literally did the exact same everything at 18 months sober. You'll recover from this it just takes a  little time. I  lost everything in the span of 12 hours  but here I am now 4 years sober and quite well. Hang in there friend. It will get better.
Thanks for this. I've been considering whether I should start drinking again at a year. I started to convince myself that I could control it. It's stories like this that show me I can't.
