-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r22fl/just_crying_in_a_bathroom_needing_to_vent/

My fianc  kicked me out of the apartment and will not talk to me except if we have a mediator. He says he can't handle me having another relapse. He has hijacked our cat and car and I'm left having to stay on my mom's couch and get rides to and from work. I feel like I need him now more than ever but he's acting like he has totally given up on me and does not care about my well being or supporting me in recovery. On one hand I understand his anger and frustration. On the other I'm so hurt that he's not here to support me. Our wedding is in the fall and I don't even know if marriage is a good idea anymore. Anyway just needed to vent and express my deep sadness. I keep having to go hide in the bathroom at work and cry so figured I would talk to you all while I'm doing that. IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not alone.
You are definitely NOT alone! You might think your life is falling apart but this sadness will pass. Give him some time because honestly he is just protecting himself. You need to worry about YOU right now. IWNDWYT!
Sorry for the pain you are in. Even in dark times there is hope...Given time your finance could very well come to realize you are working on yourself. Regardless  yourself is what matters right now.
Sorry life is rough right now. You have friends here.
I hope you check in a little later today  
There is no quick way to rebuild trust with someone.  It's something that you have to work at for a long time.  But you're doing the right thing by not drinking.  There are other right things to do.  But you have a lot of time in which to do them.  There is no quick way to rebuild trust but there are many quick ways to break it.  So just don't drink today.  That's very important.  And we're here for you.
Sorry you are going through this sh*t right now. ..We will be here if you want to vent 24/7 !!..Strength in being Sober!.
Keep working on yourself.  Everything will fall into place eventually.
I can totally relate - I just admitted to my wife of 3.5 years that I have been drinking behind her back and lying to her face for 6 years - so I was closet drinking and fighting with her before our marriage too.  Now she won't speak to me and is isolating herself. I just spent 35 days in treatment and only saw her once as she was driving me from detox to an inpatient facility.  When she does speak to me its laden with f-bombs.  All I want is for her to just hug me and for this to all go away but I know that won't for a long time - if ever.  ..Hang in there.  The best thing you can do is just not drink.  You owe it to yourself and to your man.  I'm not drinking today either. :)
