-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r2pib/abstaining_when_you_dont_feel_bad/

Hi I'm trying to stop drinking again. I've lost count of the number of tried. This is my second day of not drinking this time. While I know 2 days is an accomplishment for a lot of people and I do not want to belittle anyone's struggle 2 days isn't really a big deal for me. I feel my drinking problem isn't yet so bad where going 4 or 5 days without a drink isnt that abnormal and I can go months drinking like a  normal  person before things go sideways but I feel like this is changing and I'm on a bad path. ..The reason for my post is to ask r/stop drinking how to you not drink once your bad feelings about drinking have passed. I personally find it super easy to not drink when I'm sick tired and hate myself. It's when I lose track of those feelings is when I generally fall into a bad night or a bender. I'm pretty sure I drink to alleviate some personal pain but when I'm ashamed or embarrassed about my drinking behavior drinking is the last thing I want to do. I know you're supposed to take it one day at a time but a lot of the time I'm not really concerned about the current day it's some day in the future I'm worried about when I'm not thinking about the physical and emotional damage drinking has done and will do to me that I'll slip up and drink again. Curious about what you guys think and if I'm being honest I just wanted to vent a little. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I find the "play it forward" strategy works pretty well to help me stay the course. Because if I'm feeling good [which is more often than not since I got past the first horrible few weeks] and I think about drinking and think oh yeah that's a nice idea if I then look a bit ahead of what it might be like AFTER drinking that whole nauseous stinky ashamed shaky fucked up crapshow looks really unappealing. And experience taught me well that the aftermath of drinking is always a sinking messed up crapshow for me. ..So I stick with feeling good now - or on a bad day feeling whatever I feel - and stay sober knowing it's always gonna be better than how I'd feel if I drank..
I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look.....I read/watched/listened to everything I could find about addiction and recovery in order to properly understand what I was up against.....I find a little daily vigilance is helpful... I come here every day to read and help others or share my own story and it serves to remind me how bad things were and could easily be again if I were to pick up another drink!..It's worked quite nicely 350 days in a row so far.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
Welcome. It is difficult for any given day in the future to sneak up on with if you are taking it one day at a time. ..Our brains do have a tendency to trick us because we cannot remember pain. We can remember a traumatic event but not the actual pain. It is a survival mechanism.  If it wasn't for this there isn't a woman on earth that would agree to having a second child. ..For me it was developing good habits and staying away from as many situations as I could that involved alcohol especially that first year. The discussions in AA meetings taught me what to watch out for and how to get through future cravings. Eventually my mind was rewired and my first thought is no longer  let's have a couple of drinks and figure out how we are going to get through this. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
I can relate with this post 100%.  For me I would look back on the times that I had quit drinking without a struggle and point to them and say to myself "*see you don't have a problem with alcohol.*"  I'd only want to stop drinking on those occasions where I drank too much and made an ass of myself and had a three day hangover.  I was convinced that I would only have to stop drinking if I was an alcoholic and there were plenty of things I could point to that proved I wasn't...So what I realized was IT DOESN'T MATTER what my problem with alcohol is.  I don't have to decide to quit drinking forever.  I am smart enough to realize that alcohol is making me unhappy in some way at least.  I will not drink today no matter what.  If I don't have a problem with alcohol well then that will be easy.  If I do have a problem with alcohol then it won't be easy and I absolutely need to stay away from alcohol and not drink.  I do this today.  I do this tomorrow. And on top of it I decide to give not drinking a **real** chance; learn to like life without alcohol.  Not just wait until I can drink again but try and change my thoughts about alcohol.  What does it really do for me that's good?  Aren't there other ways to get those feelings that are healthier?  Etc.  ..I actually did manage to diminish my desire to drink so it's not a struggle at all anymore.  I don't want to drink.  I didn't think that would be possible but I'd say that about 1 year into not drinking that mindset I'd been working toward actually took.  Annie Grace's *This Naked Mind* was helpful in some ways. 
I understand what are you are saying because I usually can go 2 to 3 days no drinking sometimes longer but then when I drink it is like I say to myself you can have a couple. That couple turns  into an 18 pack all night event every time. Then I wake up with regret and sadness which makes me say why even try and I continue my cycle. I am tired of feeling that way. I know I will feel confident for a few days then temptation will rear it's ugly head again. I will try to stay strong with you all and push forward to a healthier lifestyle. 
I also have the same problem. I can get to 5\-7 days feel much better healthy work out and sleep well but once I feel normal I let it slip into a 2\-3 day bender until I feel terrible again. Rinse repeat.
Such a good post! Totally with you!
