-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r3cvf/once_around_the_sun_i_did_it_sd/

A year ago today I had already been lurking on SD since probably a year before that questioning my alcoholism and quitting then relapsing a number of times. Finally 365 days ago I bit the bullet and signed up for a badge apprehensive that I would fail to quit again but also more resolved not to.  ..I dont post a lot here but do read almost every day SD has pretty much been my only support. Aside from mostly being a loner the friends I had were all heavy drinkers. Luckily Im a stubborn mofo and was used to not fitting in my whole life anyways.  ..I put a photo of Sick Boy from Trainspotting as my phone wallpaper for inspiration. Why a criminal heroin addict for sober inspiration some may ask.  Well he was the strong willed one. His mates accused him of quitting when they did just to prove it was easy for him while they suffered.  That became my adopted attitude Im Sick Boy I will quit and it will be easy.  Im sure we all know how easy it really is but "fake it till you make it" as they say and here I am today. A year later I really can say sobriety is easy when compared to what I had to endure as a drunk...Thanks for being here SD IWNDWYT.....
----------immediate responses--------

Wow! What a great 1 Year Post !!..Congrats!..Inspiring to see it is possible!!!..I W N D W Y T 
One year of Freedom!!!    .Yeah you did it.  IWNDWYT 
Congrats IWNDWYT 
Thank you for being such a wonderful power of example and helping others with your success! Happiest of birthday's to you!!
Congratulations \- You should be so proud of yourself!  I hope and pray that I am following in your footsteps.  Thanks for posting and way to go!  IWNDWYT
Congratulations!!!!! We are very proud of you!
Congratulations! I won't be drinking with you today!
[Congrats!](https://i.imgur.com/QajFmR2.jpg)
Congrats! This makes me feel more confident about fighting my alcohol addiction. Thanks for sharing! I will not drink with you today. 
Congrats!
Congratulations on your sober trip around the sun!  Hope to see you in orbit soon!
What are you top three favorite things about being sober?
Woooooohoooooo! Well done!!! 
Awesome post. I like your sick boy thought process. Grit. 
Awesome. This is very inspirational.
Congrats !! You rock         
Congrats to you and thanks for your share. Even your name is inspirational. Good idea about that phone wallpaper. Something to remind you every day...you're not alone...people have gone through this and you can too. "sobriety is easy when compared to what I had to endure as a drunk"...indeed. And I don't have anyone to share my stuff with either so posts like this mean a lot.
Congratulations what an accomplishment!
Great job! Thanks for sharing your milestone. 
Congratulations! One year is tremendous accomplishment. IWNDWYT 
I love using Sick Boy as inspiration. ..I'll see if I can find a pic of Spud for my phone :)..Friday giggles: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPfVIoB9C0c..
