-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r4lw3/past_the_honeymoon_period_and_no_more_sunshine/

Had my 4 months a little while back and seem to be struggling the hardest right now. It really sucks but I guess it's supposed to. Jumping from bad living situation to bad living situation and now really got nowhere else to run. Fearful and angry. Building up a lot of resentments and I know that this is a bad head space to be in. Even (and especially) all the justified resentments aren't doing anything for me just keeping me stuck. Not gonna be the hill I choose to die on though. All of this seems intolerable but deep down I know it isn't. Rather it's just another opportunity to grow and learn the most difficult ones being the best teachers. I've been processing through this difficult period with my sponsor and therapist. I find their guidance and support indispensable. I don't know where I'd be without them and my higher power(s). I'm also clinging to my Buddhist practice for dear life. That and my 12\-step program help show me the next best thing to do and how to better relate to myself and others. Fell away a bit as of late and have been more recently trying to get back in the middle of it all (meetings service). Not gonna stay sober and sane if I'm only half\-heartedly working a program or trying (again) an easier softer way. Somewhere inside me there's an inkling of hope and optimism and I think that's enough for me to continue enduring with patience and perspective. Only lurked on this sub before and never really thought to post something but I felt like I needed to vent and share my struggle. Thanks for taking the time to read this.
----------immediate responses--------

I am having these exact same feelings at 34 days. Sounds like you are keeping your head in the right place. Stick with it we can get through this. IWNDWYT
You have a great attitude about this period of your life and it's marvelous that you are able to see this as an opportunity to learn and grow. Keep hanging in there. Vent whenever you need to. We're here for you. 
At the lowest point in my life I moved 7 times in 1 year all with a baby and a dog so I DEFINITELY feel ya on the living situation stuff. While I knew things were eventually going to get better that didn't always save me from experiencing one of the deepest darkest pits of depression I've ever encountered. I'm soooo happy to hear you have a therapist I credit mine for saving my sanity and ultimately my life. Unfortunately there's no cure for life dragging you through the mud except to *keep moving forward.* You are strong. You have your head on your shoulders. You can do this. I am 100% confident in you. Sending all the positive vibes friend! IWNDWYT &lt;3
