-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8r77x5/im_such_hot_mess/

I've been struggling with a severe alcohol problem for about 11 years. The longest I've been continuously sober in that time was 1.5 years (a couple of years back). I recently just turned 27. ..I've been actively drinking for the past year now and my life is pretty much a hot mess. I've moved across the country to be with my SO (who does not drink and is a saint to still want to make this relationship work)...I recently moved to LA to be closer to my SO and am still on the job hunt. The past few months that I've been here it's been really really hard. I don't care for LA and the people. It's culture shock to say the least. I've been drinking more and more out of bordem and have just lost control...A few nights ago was a REALLY bad night. I got really drunk and the cops ended up coming to our apt. I don't remember anything but apparently I got into a huge verbal altercation with our next door neighbor. All I remember is that it was bad. The cops basically gave me a warning and said if they have another complaint I may be arrested. I hate the drunken dick that comes out when I drink. I honestly have no idea who that person is or where he comes from. :/ ..I'm so embarrassed now and don't feel comfortable leaving the apt. Here we just moved into this brand new apartment and our neighbors already think I'm an insane screaming psychopath. Not to mention I have to walk by their door if I want to leave and I'm terrified of seeing them. I'm not sure if I should leave a note on their door to apologize or what... ..Anyway I am starting at it again. I just finished a SMART recovery meeting online and rejoined this subreddit. ..Any insight or advice is greatly appreciated. I will not drink today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck with your recovery it sounds like you're taking all the right steps to move forward in a good direction...I'd most definitely leave a note or even better apologise face to face with your neighbours. You don't want that anxiety on your mind while you're actively working on your recovery. 
I'm glad you won't drunk today. My advice to you is to apologize to your neighbors. I've done some stupid asinine shit while intoxicated and have found that owning up to the stupid shit you do often is met with forgiveness not a cold shoulder...Second find some hobbies in LA. I relapsed a few days ago but I find that when I relapse it's because I don't have much variety in my life. I do my basic daily routines (work swimming friends) and little else daily. I get bored which leads to depression/irrational thinking and then I booze heavily. When I keep myself busy with weird and new things I find that I have less of an inclination to drink...Most importantly just know that you are still new to LA and that we all make mistakes. Learn from them and try to go from there...Good luck.
I'm in agreement with the other comments. In my experience the longer I wait to face someone the harder it gets... and trust me the shame won't be going anywhere so the sooner the better. Are you in a recovery program or have a plan? They may be more prone to forgive if it doesn't strike them as apologizing for the sake of apology. Just my two cents :) Good luck friend! IWNDWYT &lt;3
