-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rc743/transfer_addictions/

Has anyone heard or read on this type thing? I was morbidly obese for years I became morbidly obese after my daughter drowned at an in home daycare when she was 2 years of age. and abut 10 years ago I got a barbaric surgery and lost over 200 pounds. I have maintained my weight but instead of eating I started over drinking. This first year after surgery I was very good and did not drink at all (prior to surgery a drank a few times a year maybe). Then about a year in a half in I felt much better about my appearance and became more social and made new friends everything revolved around taverns bars bbq's and beer. I live in Florida and the sun always equals a reason for fun meaning it is almost always a party we have them for sunny days rainy days football days taco Tuesday's hurricane  party days and there is ALWAYS Sunday funday so basically everyday is a reason to get together and have a few. I started with a few no problem I would nurse a pitcher of light beer with my now husband for hours and have a normal time then slowly I would get more and more. I watched friends do several shots and never really partake in that (I do not like liquor much at all) but I would rationalize that if they can do 4 shots or more I can surely have another bucket of beer (5 bottles in a bucket). It built to something like food for me the beer became my tub of ice cream or that whole pecan pie why was I made this way? Why can't I just not stop? I have to have food to live and that is a struggle enough. 
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't stop either. I started by getting a therapist who nudged me onto the road to recovery. I don't know if this applies but if there is any family history of alcohol abuse it puts us at risk for alcoholism. ..I couldn't stop without help. I found AA meetings comforting because I met people who understood. They gave me guidance and hope. 
I am so sorry to hear that you are struggling and although I have no answers I have similar experience. It's like there's a dryer setting in my brain that is always turned to ABSOLUTE MOST. Moderation is out the window for most things for me. That being said I take it a day at a time I slowly removed myself from places where temptation is high (real friends just come over my apartment and usually don't drink here solely drinking buddies disappeared) and I started yoga which led me to meditation which helped cut down on the urges. That said what worked for me may not work for you but try not to get frustrated keep trying different things until you find the rhythm that works for you. Coming here is a great start. IWNDWYT!!!
I've actually read about this quite a bit. The risk of alcoholism jumps something like 21% in those who've had bariatric surgery...https://abcnews.go.com/Health/Wellness/weight-loss-surgery-increases-risk-alcohol-addiction/story?id=16582225
There are reasons that Alcoholics and Overeaters Anonymous use the same 12 steps. One is about gaining control of your life while eventually freeing yourself from the obsession of trying to control things you cannot control. ..AA meetings kept me sober long enough for my head to clear. Once I was on solid ground I picked a sponsor and started working the steps. It took almost a year but eventually that obsession with alcohol was lifted and I had a much healthier understanding of what I could and could not control.  ..If you have never been to a meeting the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Whether that interests you or not Good luck. IWNDWYT 
In my experience there are transfer addictions. For me a better word is compulsions. So transfer compulsions.
I have no help but I just wanted to say I'm so sorry about your daughter. My heart breaks for you but know you are strong. 
I am so sorry about your daughter. My son is two and I can't imagine your loss...Yes there is a strong relationship between food and alcohol addiction. I find that stopping drinking helped me have discipline  self-control and to play the long game. That helped me start exercising and dieting and I lost 25 pounds...I think it is very promising that you have maintained your weight with your history. I think it means you have a great shot of success with stopping drinking. Have you seen a doctor about your desire to stop? There are medications (for example a medication called naltrexone that blocks the reward center of your brain) that can help you stop. 
&gt; 10 years ago I got a barbaric surgery ..damn you autocorrect..
I also transfer my addictions easily because the underlaying cause (not genetics) isn't solved. The question is not why the addiction but why the pain? 
I think people just call this addictive personality type. I'm sure a lot of us have it. You just hope to transfer bad addictions for  better  ones like working out learning etc.
When I was in detox there were a few other women that also had that surgery and were now struggling alcoholics. The counselor did say there's been a big ride in his patients that have had the surgery and are now alcoholics. 
