-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8re8pr/when_i_think_about_something_nice_i_think_about/

On my way to work today I was surprised by a flash mob. A gentle breeze a stunning sunrise fluffy ducklings on the sparkling canal. It was amazing and I was present and alert to see it. As always I wanted to share this with you. As usual I didn't because well this isn't r/happy or r/wholesomememes. But I thought about you here on r/stopdrinking. Because -..When I found you I was in a black hole. You came for me...I deleted other social media for bringing me down. You lift me up...My friends don't understand why I get all fuzzy sometimes. You do...My evil twin keeps telling me I'm lame. You don't...You see when I m down and out and need something to brighten my day you are my personal flash mob! You share your struggles and triumphs your dreams and fears your joys and sorrows allowing me to do the same and I grow day by day doing it. Thank you r/stopdrinking I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

That's such a wonderful sentiment to share thank you :)..I love those moments when the little things come together and make you thankful to be where you are right now aware and sober and able to appreciate the here and now. ..I love this sub for much the same reasons you've said especially the fact that people on here understand and support at all times. Makes me proud to be part of that :) 
Abso-fucking-lutely! Even though I stumble you guys always have my back...You people see that even a dandylion can be a flower and I love you for it. ..IWNDWYT
Nice one Homer! Thanks for reporting back...Love those moments where the dandelion fluffs collide. As the saying goes you must be present to win. 
Awwwww Homer.  Happy to be not drinking with you today my friend  :)  
Beautiful post filled with kindness and gratitude SH...I'd love to see this in AoK!
THANK YOU!
I feel totally the same. Even when I'm really tired in the morning I'm happy to get up because I can't wait to have my coffee and check in and read every one else's checkins and see how we're all doing. Y'all mean the world to me and I'm honored to not drink with you tonight!
                 
Oh man!  I'd give my hot cup of coffee to see a flash mob on my way to work (or anywhere really).  That's rad.
  
Thanks man you just made me cry but basically anything makes me cry these days. Putting that down to brain rewiring. But your post touched me cos I felt your honesty so thank you for that. Have a great weekend and not drinking with you today  
