-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rnp6q/started_therapy_and_lied/

I had my first session with a wonderful new therapist and when I mentioned I had quit drinking recently she asked me if I considered myself an alcoholic and I said no. I just panicked and mumbled something about just wanting to cut back. I see her again on Wednesday would it be weird to say  I kind of panicked last time I did have a problem with alcohol I just struggle with coming to terms with my problem ? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

do it. otherwise going to therapy may not be as beneficial as it could be. im sure therapists get that quite often when asking sensitive questions.
pblack summed it up perfectly. ..Is this someone you'd like to continue seeing? I knew right away when I clicked with mine and I still struggled to confess some of my darker shit. Eventually I just told him "you know what? I'm just gonna go for it. Throw caution into the wind and tell you everything because we'd be wasting our time if I didn't." And I did. I went for it. All in no holds barred. Looking back I would've deeply regretted not committing myself 100%. Trust the process friend it was a huge relief when I finally let go of my reservations. It's the uncomfortable parts of therapy that do the most healing. I also think it's worth mentioning you'll continue to uncover parts of yourself as you work through your stuff. It would be just as believable for you to say you did some soul searching and now feel that you really do think you're an alcoholic. Of course that wouldn't be honest so I'm not suggesting you do that... just throwing it out there because your perception of yourself will likely go through some shifting. ...I'm so proud of you for pursuing therapy &lt;3 Keep up the good work sending you strength love and clarity! IWNDWYT
Oh yeah be honest. It builds trust to come back and straighten things out. It's the best thing for you anyway. Congratulations on taking care of yourself!
It's okay your therapist will understand.  Just tell them the truth and how you are struggling.
As others have said absolutely! I have to remind myself that I'm not trying to impress my therapist there's no need to put on a facade (easier said than done sometimes). ..
Be honest. She'll understand =] that's what therapists are for
I always find it funny how people lie to their therapists what's the point in even going if you're going to manipulate their view of you?... Im laughing because ive done the exact same thing... Lmao.... Tell the truth trust "God"..... Faith is the opposite of fear
You are paying. You can do or say whatever you want. 
