-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rnxqo/im_struggling_to_manage_some_anxiety_tonight/

I haven't had as bad a time as this for quite a while - or maybe I didn't notice it when I was drinking almost every night - but I am stressed about things in *and* out of my control and having a real hard time finding a level place and not just kicking the problem down the road to tomorrow...I *could* spend a few hours agonizing trying to get a better grasp on the job training I'm just not getting yet but I'm already very frustrated.  Or I could have a couple of drinks and worry about it tomorrow.  Or take a melatonin and worry about it tomorrow.  I'm not sure I can handle a wakeful evening of not doing anything productive but going to bed early feels like a cop-out like I'm using the same old escapist strategies except with no alcohol...I've stopped buying my brand of poison (cheap vodka yeah) but my husband always has several brands of whiskey on hand.  He's out at a game night and wouldn't notice (or really care) if I helped myself.  I'm not planning to do that but I can't forget that it's there...Sorry for the ramble I'm just... yeah.  Putting my thoughts down.  Hope y'all are in a calmer place than I am.  If you have any strategies I'm all ears.  Thanks for letting me talk.
----------immediate responses--------

Everybody has hard nights and for me I see no shame in taking a melatonin and checking out a bit until tomorrow. Sometimes I think it's better to go to bed and fight tomorrow instead. Things often look so much better in the morning. Melatonin is naturally produced by the body and is infinitely better for your body than cheap vodka. You've come so hard and I hope you can get through the night with your badge intact! 
First of all anxiety is rough. I completely understand being anxious about well... Everything. I'm currently going to counseling to manage anxiety in which my therapist has suggested meditation. I laughed it off a bit at first but it has helped calm me down and brought me into a calmer headspace when I have a lot on my mind. The app insight timer has guided meditation and a "how to meditate" 10 part series. ..As for drinking I don't know about you but having a few drinks might give me the illusion of feeling calm sometimes but all anxiety is still there the next day with added anxiety about drinking along with all the other negative things that I feel from the alcohol. ..I won't be drinking tonight in solidarity with you. :)
I fall back into a mode of thinking I need an out. The false feeling that alcohol calms me. It gave me the anxiety!  When I get like that I just keep trying to do something different. Go do some chore. Clean up something I haven't looked at in awhile. Try an activity. Look up on this website's sidebar under 'I'm bored'. Few hundred suggestions on things one can do. Training like homework is a challenge. When you hit the wall step back fo something else and come back to it. I find when I do that I no longer am focused that I had to do something for relief.
I find a warm bath is often helpful for anxiety. I am also partial to buttered toast as late night comfort food. Going to sleep is not a cop out. It is a constructive thing to do. The brain is like a bad boss. It thinks it is helping by sitting there talking away but it is just just interfering.
No shame in going to sleep. Anxiety is exhausting and I think some sleep would certainly help you feel better. For the long term something that has always helped me is to make a list of all the things I stress about and separate them into things I can control or fix and things I have no control of. Do your best to let go of the things you can't control (I know it seems impossible sometimes.) And then focus on the things you can change. Maybe make another list of things you can do to improve your situation And focus on those things. There s no sense in wasting energy on things you cannot change.
