-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rp53p/well_im_an_idiot/

Just realized the date. I thought this was my fourth week well turns out its my third it hasnt even been a month since I last drank. I need to make changes in my life too much of how I try and live reminds me of drinking and causes me to lay around and be lazy and unproductive. I thought I had hit that fourth week and it was my hump and thats why I was struggling so much this weekend the one month mark is usually when I give in. I cant just keep spending every weekend sitting around feeling sorry for myself just lake I cant spend my weekends sitting around drunk/hungover I dont know how I'm going to make these changes or what I need to change but I need to figure that out.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there buddy.It was trial and error for me to figure out what to do with myself too.  At first I stayed busy physically.  I find that now I'm in my head a lot.  And the not drinking part is much simpler these days.  iwndwyt 
Naw you're not an idiot.  I thought I was on week 4 myself.   I had a hell of a week myself.  It just felt like 2 weeks in one. Ugh when you're going through hell keep on moving!  Happy 3 weeks to you too fellow sobernaut!
Hi there! .I find I am in the same position..Disregard my badge...I need to reset it. I am actually at 16 days..I find I am being very lazy these days and trying to do more stuff like walking and crafts .Hang in there!.We got this!
 I hope I can explain this well enough that it makes sense. ..I've been fairly depressed for the last year or so. Unemployed no SO drunk and miserable for the most part with bouts of sobriety in between. No plans for the future. Kind of just did nothing but drink. ..When I would get sober. I wouldn't do anything different. At all. Just sit around and hoped that things would get better. Usually it didn't until a few days ago. ..I made it three weeks sober then caved for four days. I was back at square one. But the reality is that I wasn't. I started making changes to my habits during that time that stuck. When I sobered up I realized I didn't have a stack of dishes room wasn't filthy had clean clothes and energy to burn. ..I used to think that not drinking was enough. Not drinking is only one part of getting a life back together. Now I know that no matter what happens in the future I need to be actively working today to make tomorrow better. If I lapse at least I did something and can't feel worse because I failed at the one thing I was supposed to do. If I stay sober i have more momentum to continue bettering myself. ..All i know is that i don't know what i will do in the future but I need to act today to make tomorrow a better day for myself. My old go to activity was battlefield 1 and whiskey. Now when I try to play I just get guilty and get the urge to drink. For me it was just as important to fix the other bad habits I've adopted. ..Contrary to my initial belief about recovery in that I should take it slow I should push forward and give life all I've got. That's the only way I will be able to move ahead in life. Or at least catch up. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Just a question; do you expect to give in around a month? Because I did at two and four weeks and that expectation made it all that much harder. I realized that the slip starts in the head and the moment I entertain the idea of maybe just one the process has begun. It took some effort to turn those thoughts and patterns around but it s doable. As my motorcycle teacher told me when we came to an object in the road; aim at where you re going not where you re not going. ..Keep it up you re doing good! IWNDWYT
I had to go and do something. It was trial and error for the first few weekends as I worked out what I enjoyed and what I didn't but each weekend got better as a result.
