-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rrbh6/quick_look_back_500_days/

The longer I'm sober the less I have to say and the more I want to listen...After listening to all of the stories here - especially those of newcomers - I'm still taken by the variety of circumstances and challenges members of this community face. Each one of us has to tackle this problem in our own way and that can be pretty goddamn scary.....Support can get you a LONG way believe me. But there are times when you have to look within yourself. You have to be honest and answer that terrifying simple question: "What's really going on here..? Why am I doing this to myself?"..I feel like I've finally answered that question and I'm working every day to nurture the parts of me that were broken. And while it can be slow at times ***there has yet to come a day when the effort wasn't worth it***. Some days feel like leaps forward and others feel like I stay stationary. But I NEVER lose ground when I'm sober...Don't be afraid to ask yourself those hard questions :). The answers may not be immediately obvious (hell it's taken me a long ass time lol) but they're worth seeking...---..To anyone hurting to anyone feeling like this struggle will never end: please keep going. I promise it gets better and we'll be here for you through it all...Just some thoughts my friends. :)
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this. I think it's key to ask yourself why and how it got to this. That's key for me! Absolutely key. I have also had the realisation that my circumstances (background family history etc) are outwits my control. All I can control is myself and my responses. ..
xJ my friend! Congratulations on your achievement!
I never lose ground sober. Good stuff..I love reading that it's possible.
Thanks man. Some of those hard questions I've answers to I didn't much like and are going to take a long time to fix but it feels so good to have some clarity that I don't even care. I'm gonna take it slow and give these parts of myself the time they need. Stay well.
Great post thank you :-)
