-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rs5bi/aaaarrrggghhh_what_is_wrong_with_me/

Relapse. Drank heavily yesterday. I'm so ashamed. I've let you all down. ..I'll reset my badge. Just as soon as I figure out how. ..Sorry folks. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

It happens.  I relapsed over and over again for 2.5 years.  The main thing is not giving up.  Best wishes dad you take the next step on the journey! IWNDWYT 
I fell on my face so many times you lived through it and will get back up and start over.  This shit isn't easy by any means.
You're back here so you haven't let anyone down including yourself. I'm the queen of relapse and I finally got sick of it. Decided to get outside help rather than doing it by myself. All the best to you - I will not drink with you today!
Don't let this get you down I relapsed about 6 times before it finally clicked. Head up high champ!
Be kind to yourself.  It sucks but it is in the past.  At least you're back here with us.  [Here](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) is the the badge reset request.  ..The important thing is to look at what lead up to it and make a plan to avoid it in the future.  
Onward..On..Again.
You'll only let me down if you give up altogether. You're one regret closer to seeing the truth where alcohol is concerned. Keep your courage and you'll find your stride.
Thanks. Simple but thoughtful. 
I have a drawer full of 24 hour chips and a mailbox full of badge resets. Just remember you only have to get back on the wagon one more time than you fall off. Welcome back!
Sigh....You're not alone in relapsing yesterday. IWNDWYT
I'm never surprised when an alcoholic drinks. It is unlikely and extraordinary when they don't...You are right here with us again and you've already included a commitment to not drink today in your post. That's exactly what the rest of us are doing today! I'm not going to drink for the next 24 hours either-- let's do it together.
Hey me too. IWNDWYT
No sweat kid. Dust yourself off and get back up on that horse. I know you can do it I won't drink with you today.   
Its all part of the game friend. you'll find your way if you want to keep trying
You didn't let me down. You're being honest and accountable and you're reaching out for support. IWNDWYT either!  
Get back on the horse!..I will not drink with you today!
You didn't let us down. We're all in this together. 
Hey you haven't let anyone down you're here once again aren't you? :) ..Welcome back.
thanks for sharing the reminder of how hard the struggle is... I've been my own reminder so many times. appreciate the post
me too  ouch...
The same thing is wrong with you as the rest of us here. We are alcoholics and can't control what happens when we get alcohol into our systems. There is no shame in this it is who we are. The only shame will be the day you stop fighting for your own life. Alcohol won this round but you can win the war. Try to make it to bed tonight without a drink and that will be 1 day. Get up tomorrow and try to repeat that. That's all any of us can do when it comes to booze. We're here with you so don't give up.
Don't be ashamed. What's important is you're here and get back on track. I wish you all the best that sobriety has to offer. 
Glad you came back here so quickly and are getting back on the wagon! It can be a bumpy ride. Hang in there and IWNDWYT.
I'm sorry to hear that man I know you must feel terrible. One relapse is not the end of the world so please don't lose sight of all the progress you have made. I'm in this with you. IWNDWYT
I did as well. I went through the whole process as if it were out of a how to relapse textbook. Went to the beach bought 4 "light beers" two for me and two for my GF because I convinced myself it's pretty much water. Then stopped by a winery...stopped by a bar...woke up Sunday sunburnt severely hung over and ashamed. Shame is important but should be brief. Get what you need from it and put It behind you quickly. It fast becomes a wasteful and catabolic emotion. It's Monday and the start of a new week. That the most incredible thing about this experience (life). Every morning you can crumple up yesterday and start a new page. I've found the fastest way to get rid of what you're feeling it to run/walk/workout buy and prepare helathy food today do something nice for someone. It helps me realize that I'm not a bad person just human. 
