-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rtho2/my_dads_goal_was_to_drink_himself_to_death_by_30/

My social anxiety and awkwardness is so bad that I've never posted on here before. But I have to reach out today because I came so close to drinking with my husband today. My husband and I have only drank for entertainment since we met and that's the activity every weekend with his family. This nine months have been some of the hardest months of my life (and that's saying something). I know I'm an alcoholic and can't go back to drinking. My family doesn't see me as having a problem so although they are proud of my  will power  they want the  fun  version of me back. It's awkward for all of us I guess. Anyway just coping with the reality of needing to remain alcohol free yet my life still centered around alcohol. I thank you all for being a part of this amazing internet family. IWNDWYT. I'm literally terrified heart racing about to hit  post  but I know you all will be kind and supportive. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there. Lots of us deal with anxiety. Welcome. 
My father died of alcoholism as well and Father's Day is always tough for me too. Hang in there.
My sister was mostly supportive when I quit. ..But she also told me that she missed drinking with me...That hurt. It felt almost as if I was letting her down...Wanna know what happened? I stayed sober. Sure it was hard. Especially early on. And then one day my sister called me. Sobbing. Telling me she wanted to die. (All the things I did when I told her that I had a problem and needed to stop). Admitting finally that she too had a drinking problem...I've noticed that the only people who ever question in any way my not drinking are those who themselves *may* have an issue with alcohol...Stay the course. It does get easier in time or at more normal. And you're positively influencing someone I'd bet...So proud of your 9 month sobriety! I will not drink with you today...My best -punnyboy 
This is a great place for people with anxiety. There's no one here to judge or make you feel small. .I've been struggling the last few days as well. It's easy for family and friends to think you're  cured' because you haven't blacked out in a while. .Keep smiling keep ordering sodas. .
You are doing right by yourself staying sober..It's only difficult for me if I compare my not drinking to other people's ability to drink freely.  Otherwise I'm quite happy (read: completely satisfied) with it.  Just a thought..You aren't alone we all aren't drinking with you.  It's nice to meet you        
One of my favourite sayings: don't set yourself on fire to keep other people warm...It's important to make yourself and your health your number one priority. 
Welcome! I'm so glad you got the best of your anxiety and decided to post.  
Lately I have been letting my boyfriend go to his families house without me. It's o.k to skip any event with alcohol if you want to. It's easier for me to stay sober that way. I don't make excuses anymore. I tell him no thank you I don't feel like going. Good luck on your journey.
As I sit here drinking  my.... club soda and lemon knowing my sister and brother in law are blitzed or close to it and read this.. i feel so sorry for them and happy for me. Happy for all of yous on this reddit for not drinking and happy to know you chick wndwyt! 
[removed]
I had my first business dinner with no drinks and ordered virgin Moscow mules secretly. It was a little uncomfortable and I admired how everyone else was able to have four or so drinks without going overboard.  I can't do it and that's why I quit. On a side note i thought i would be boring but i was my usual self juat without the alcohol.  Tomorrow morning I will be happy I didn't drink and so will you.  Hang in there I did.
Not drinking with my family was the hardest especially with my mom and sister.  However to my astonishment my mom and dad who were daily drinkers for 40+ years quit about 6 months after I did.  You never know!
My social anxiety is crippling. I sometimes shake like a leaf when I'm around people but I wouldn't  trade sobriety for the world and I hope that you don't either. Stay strong my friend! We can do this. Please don't hesitate to post here.  I love to hear from people who I can relate to-sounds like you're one of those   I just held my first sober bbq of the Summer tonight and although I was super nervous at first I made it through and had a pretty nice time! If I felt like it was too much I would go into the house and do some good breathing to get rid of the anxiety. You've come this far.. You should be so proud of yourself. 
You're doing great.  You are finding new ways to cope like reaching out.  I'm impressed you have maintained sobriety when it's still around you.  I had to go into a bubble for a few years to make it. 
Please keep posting. You help not only yourself but others here. 
You are strong for being vulnerable and exposing yourself the way you did. When i first sobered up i was an introvert extremely fearful and tense when sober. I understand how you feel. More or less. Today i know myself deeply and love myself and am self-assured about my life. I have confidence that was only a dream years ago. This will take time but you can do it. If i can do it you can too. You are stronger than you know.  You are a survivor. You went through some shit where many go under in one way or another. But you did not. You are here and are actually moving forward. You are sober for months now.you are sharing here. And you are probably doing more than you talk about. You will get to a place where your life just rocks. I promise. Just keep trying to better yourself. And don't drink or use. Keep going.
The fun you is still there you just need to let her out.  I know you've had a hard time with your dad on the ones that issue passes the fun you will be back. .After about five months of sobriety I was at an office dinner party at a bar everyone else was drinking and afterwhile my boss turned to me and said..." you seem like you're drunker than the rest of us" they had all been drinking because I was having fun and he knew I wasn't drinking.  IWNDWYT.
You have 9 freaking months of sobriety do you know how you would feel if you drank? Sometimes my ten month star is the only reason I don't drink. I couldn't imagine waking up hungover and realizing I have to start over. I would feel guilty for letting myself down. I'm not even mentioning the risky position we put ourselves in by introducing alcohol back into our life. Plus the damage we could cause while drunk. I hope you never get this tempted again. 
Thank you for posting. ..I totally understand how it feels to have those around you think that you dont have a problem. They never truly knew the depths of my drinking and how it impacted me. I have to remember that anytime someone suggests that I have a drink. They dont know the chain reaction it starts and if they did- they wouldnt offer it. ..Keep strong. 9 months is a tremendous accomplishment. 
