-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rvvw4/boredommy_biggest_enemy/

About three weeks sober with one slip-up in between but it's still a daily struggle (harder on Fridays and Saturdays) to stay clean. I had a bad coke habit that was mainly triggered by alcohol so I now have been focusing on quitting drinking in order to kill both birds with one stone. Also I have managed to quit smoking pot and cigarettes simultaneously...I'm actually very surprised that I have done as well as I have so far because a month ago I was going through each day thinking I may not make it to the next...The biggest problem for me is that I am a very social person but the social group I have built pretty much revolves entirely around drinking and drugs.  I worked in the food/bev service industry for quite some time which helped shape this social circle and exacerbate my habits. I never felt a physical addiction to alcohol even though I drank heavily 4-5 times a week for the past couple of years (coke is a different story but I only felt I needed it when I drank...but it only took about half a drink to catalyze that feeling). The issue for me is a constant feeling of stir craziness because aside from going to the gym to work out and running miscellaneous errands I have pretty much reduced myself to the life of a hobbit. It's driving me nuts and constantly causes internal conflicts (I need to get out and do something but where would I go? Who would I hang with? What would I do?) that always bring me back to square one which is that if I go out I'll end up drinking and doing drugs. Rinse and repeat. Anyone else have a similar problem? If so tips/advice would be greatly appreciated!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I feel you. It's hard enough to make friends as an adult and add not drinking into it it seems impossible sometimes. Have you tried MeetUp or a similar group to meet new people? I signed up for a few groups but haven't pulled the trigger on going to any events yet. I'm fairly introverted but I've seen suggestions on this sub that I think are good: volunteer somewhere find new hobbies that get you in touch with people join an adult sports league. ..Congrats on kicking the coke and the booze. I've done plenty of those together and it hardly ever ends well. IWNDWYT!
AA is a great program especially in early sobriety.  It's probably the 1 good thing that came from my alcoholism...
