-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8rz2b8/whatever_keeps_me_sober/

How do you all juggle multiple vices? At what point is it possible or recommended to stop using sobriety as an excuse for all other bad habits?..Right now I'm now finding sobriety pretty easy. There are days when I have huge cravings but overall not drinking has become the "new normal"...I knew I had a problem with my drinking when I realised I was drunk I became what can only be described as bulimic. I'm generally very serious about healthy eating and my fitness. But when I was drunk I would binge eat a disgusting amount of bad food drink another bottle of wine and then throw it all back up...Now I've started doing the same but without the alcohol to make me sick. For months I've been saying to myself "well better binge eating than binge drinking" but this can't go on.....I have a sugar hangover this morning and I feel absolutely rotten. It's getting in the way of my long term goals and happiness. But what if trying to control my eating leads to a relapse? Obviously i prioritise not drinking but i see the same pattern of behaviour and its making me really unhappy.
----------immediate responses--------

I have noticed that jogging and going to the gym gives me the same rush as binge eating/drinking. Keep going man you can do it! IWNDWYT
Cross-addictions are very common don't beat yourself up about it.....Disordered eating (binging purging often mediated by the mood-altering effects of sugar and white flour) is just another manifestation of the same thing - using a substance or process to change the way you feel.....[This article](http://real-recovery.co.uk/addiction-treatment/addictive-behaviours/12-characteristics-addiction/) was an interesting read on the subject.....I think the microbiome and gut flora have a lot to do with it as well... [Sugar and Alcohol](http://www.alternatives-for-alcoholism.com/sugar-and-alcoholism.html) cause an overproliferation of micro-organisms that feed on those substances and can cause the body to crave those substances in order to get what they want......I made sure to take a daily probiotic and took steps to improve my diet by cutting out most of the sugar and highly-refined rubbish (once I was comfortable with not drinking) and focused instead on a holistic approach to recovery that promotes overall health and wellbeing... ..I still have trouble with nicotine (one of my other cross-addictions) but overall I've managed to cut out a lot of the other habits and addictions which were no longer serving me.... Progress not perfection!..Finding other healthier ways to deal with uncomfortable feelings is also key rather than stuffing them down with food or booze.... talking therapies r/meditation journalling etc.....Hope that helps!..Best of luck with it and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
This is my problem with most AODA programs is that they don't address the underlying mental health issues that lead to abusing alcohol. I had to get help for both. It hasn't been easy but it seems to be a journey headed in the right direction. When I couldn't find the help I needed I found exercise journaling meditating this sub and most importantly for me self love.
Not drinking makes it much easier. I quit smoking about a year ago and my drinking got so much worse afterwards. Also caffeine intake had gone up considerably. After I quit drinking I escaped to food but I was well aware of what was happening and I quite enjoyed eating so much once in my life. Gained weight of course but that's going down now along with the amount of food. Kinda sucks to get addicted to things so easily but that's my life and I can't say I hate it. 
