-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s1p2r/im_a_bone_marrow_donor_and_an_alcoholic_and_this/

TLDR..Hello brothers! Im from Brazil so my english is far... far away from perfect. But this is a beautiful story and you should read this...Ive been struggling with Alcohol and Benzos since 2015 as they are my  means  to overcome depression and suicidal tendencies. Been abusing these drugs so hard (in a daily basis) that in this year - broke a bottle in my friends head during a fight; tried to kill myself twice while drunk (went to the hospital); got serious ODs and amnesias (once I woke up in a different city). OK. You know. I have a problem...In October/2015 my brother (hes a physician 32yo; im a 22yo almost a physician as well) received a terrible news: he got Myeloid Chronic Leukemia...In the beggining I was OK he was responding well... but in the last months his disease spread and he was in need for bone marrow transplant...As Im his brother there was 25% of chances that I can donate my bone marrow to him (im his only brother and the  almost only  person in the world which can save his life)...20 days ago I received a good and a bad news:.A) the good news: we are 100% compatible and Ill save his life.B) the bas news: I cant drink nor take benzos until the day zero (where transplant occurs)...I didnt drink since that day..Im fighting a hard fight: against alcohol and benzos. And hes fighting his own against: cancer...I discovered that Im stronger than alcohol/benzos because my brothers' life was in my hands. This is the first time in two years that Im sober for more than 2 days and Ill save brothers life (!!!)...Wrote this so you know that youre strong people and can overcome dependence...Hugs from a brazilian friend...PS1: our bone marrow transplant is this Saturday and im not willing to drink after the procedure as Im happy now.
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck bud. IWNDWYT 
Much love to you from Ireland. Good luck to you and your family. X
Best wishes to you both keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Wonderful!  Best wishes to your brother for a full recovery and to you for continued sobriety.
My mom just had a bone marrow transplant on Friday. You're doing such an amazing thing! And not only can your brother benefit but you'll benefit from quitting as well   wishing you and your brother a speedy recovery! 
That's awesome!  All the best to you and your brother. 
True you are much stronger than some silly chemicals.  Love conquers all.  Go for it.
Great story! Keep with it and best to both of you!
 
You're a good brother. Many with the disease would make a different choice. Well done!
Good luck to you and your brother!
Wishing you and your brother the best!!!
Parab ns!!! N o vou beber contigo hoje  
This is SO GREAT! You deserve to be so proud of yourself! I will pray for you and your brother!
Wishing you both the best of luck it's a wonderful thing you are doing for your brother and for yourself
Feel good story man I'm so happy you are able to be there for your brother as you both face on the toughest challenges of your life together!
This is a beautiful story. Thank you for sharing it. Bless you and your family. I wish you all the best of health!
Awesome job! 
Win-win! 
Wow love to you proud of you xxxx
That's great!... I can see why it's working for you to stop drinking.... Alcoholism is a selfish disease as an alcoholic I am self centered and selfish. In AA the twelve steps are designed to go help others for an alcoholic to do unselfish acts much like what you are doing for your brother it helps keep us sober.... Keep up the good work.. AA is where I go it makes not drinking much easier
Amazing 
 
Caraca!! Incrivel. Boa sorte e abra os. Fica forte. 
Best wishes to you and your family and good luck moving forward on you new sober life.  We got your back when you need it.  Let us know how it goes.
Parab ns cara que hist ria bonita :) Desejo muita sa de pra voc  e seu irm o. E n o vou beber com voc  hoje!
Best of luck brother this made me smile I hope you continue on your sobriety journey. I too was/am in similar boat with benzos and drinking. These last few hundred days have been the best in almost 14 years of my life. I'm terrified to take a drink because I read so many relapse stories on this subreddit and when I read them it's like I wrote them as warnings for myself. I'm rambling I'll end it with saying I pray for you and your brother and that  IWNDWYT
How beautiful! Best wishes and health to both of you!! Iwndwyt
   
Senhor you got this. A tire lit under your ass and you know what you need to do. Love yourself like you love your brother and move it forward. Today will be hard tomorrow will be harder but we are here for you. Love to you and your family.
Beautiful story! Good luck to you and your brother. I can't think of better motivation. IWDWYT!
Thank you so much for sharing that. I was in the same boat...booze and benzos all day everyday. You can do this! Especially with all of the support out there. Take advantage of it it will help you stay strong!  Best of luck!
In saving yourself you're saving your brother how very beautiful. I realize how much purpose I actually have now that I'm comfortable thinking feeling acting and reacting with a sober mind. Sometimes it's extremely hard to stop the alcoholic I've locked in the attic of my brain from convincing me one more time won't hurt. I know better. I don't make it out of the next relapse alive  and those I love will forever feel that scar in their hearts. Love saved me and the only way I can fully repay that debt is with continued sobriety. Let love continue to carry you.  Best wishes for all you're about.  Let us know how it goes!!!  
Sucesso amigo!   de onde? Tenho certeza que vai dar tudo certo e tanto a sua vida como a do seu irm o ser o maravilhosas! 
Amazing brother!  IWNDWYT!!
Amazing story thank you for sharing. I received a bone marrow transplant from my own brother almost 10 years ago. He gave me a second chance at life and I owe it to him and to myself to make the most of it. Hoping for the best for your brother yourself and your family! You got sober to save your brothers life and he may have saved yours as well. Truly beautiful. Best of luck to you IWNDWYT! 
That's love!! Its 12:08 a.m. where I am and I would love to not drink with you today!!! 
:) I love a good brother story. What a wonderful gift your giving him and yourself. Lots of well wishes for both your health. IWNDWYT.  
Good luck!
Good job! We're all rooting for you you can do it! IWNDWYT 
Wow. You are an inspiration! I wish you and your brother well...One of my favourite quotes is this "It's impossible to recover without a purpose." You have been given a purpose and the greatest reason in the world to stay sober - to save the life of someone else.
Thanks for sharing your beautiful story.  Keep on coming back and let us know how you are.  IWNDWYT
What an inspiring story! Good luck with your journey my friend &lt;3
