-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s5jr9/aa_question/

Hi everyone..Can someone plz explain to me this:  If I don't believe in God can i even be in AA?..Im really struggling with steps 1 and 2. ..Im being told to keep 'handing over my problems to god'.  But its not giving me any results.  Only being pro-active and taking action makes me feel better and makes results happen. (Im human?! Thats what most ppl do dont they?!)..I believe that I have a higher self (that is my subconscious that speaks the truth) and i believe that i can manifest and co-create with the universe. ie. law of attraction...Im quite frustrated with this thing where when i have a problem instead of dealing with it - im just being told to pray and 'do thy will' and 'be of service' and 'give all my worries to god.'  Welp. that doesnt make my worrying stop. action and results give me peace.  If anyone can help me put things into perspective i would love some guidance. ..I am not religious at all - and i dont believe in a God.  im sure there is a plan for me by the universe but i also believe that using my free will i have to choice to co-create WITH the universe. Not pray and some guy will force me to live a martyrdom life i dont want to life because its 'his' plan.  I have things i love to do and a person i aspire to be and a dream lifestyle i want to live that is not extravagant at all. As I human I believe I have SOME power to co-create with a 'power greater than me.'  I cant be expected to just be a submissive pon to be used by 'god / the universe.'  All comments are appreciated. 
----------immediate responses--------

You don't have to believe in god. Just a higher power- if that higher power is your higher self then that is more than fine.
Atheist here. AA is totally helping me. The Higher power can be anything that helps you. Doesn't have to be god. Can be the fellowship. Whatever works. I'm not worrying about defining it right now. 
[removed]
Higher power doesn't necessarily mean God just something beyond yourself or at least the self that used to drink. The point is to admit your way of living (alcoholism) has led you down a dark road so it's not so much of "handing over problems to God" as humbling yourself to create room to change. ..That's at least how my atheist friends who go to AA have explained it to me. I'm not an AA regular...If you're really hung up on this you might want to check out SMART (Self-Management and Recovery Training) a secular organization with more emphasis on the science behind addiction. SMART is a smaller organization than AA so there's less chapters but they have a lot of resources on their [website](https://www.smartrecovery.org/).
I always enjoyed viewing my higher power as my morals. Alcohol made me do things against my personal morals which brought me down. When I do things that are in line with my morals I'm a happier better person. Living and loving life in a manner that allows me to be happy with the person I see in the mirror. Knowing that I'm not using people or treating them poorly. When my inner morals  higher power  are happy with life. My soul feels better and satisfied without alcohol. ..Maybe silly to other people and kind of difficult to explain. 
&gt; If I don't believe in God can i even be in AA?..Yes yes you can...You may not find an AA group right away that in word and deed makes you feel welcome but yes you can successfully "do" AA without believing in God..."The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking.".."These steps are suggested as a program of recovery."..You have the concept of a higher self you said so.  .Add to that the concept of a lower self. You know the self that encourages you to have another drink the self that says You were good you deserve to drink etc etc.  .Letting that self be in control will lead you to an alcoholic snare...Take control away from that self and you're on the right path.  .The million dollar question is to whom or to what will you cede your will your control? Your higher self? Perhaps a sponsor or the spirit of a group? ..I think a lot of your last paragraph is exactly what the big book means when it talks about a god of your understanding. The things you say? Yeah that understanding of god is a mess. ..Hey I hope you're able to find a way to maintain and celebrate sobriety.  .Are you at 210 days?
I had no clue what god or higher power was when I first went to AA. ..Google  AA atheist  and you sill find tons of resources. 
Step on one means I acknowledge that I'm in trouble with alcohol and don't know what to do. ..Step Two: I don't have all the answers; I don't know anything so I think I will ask for help. ..As an active alcoholic I was a submissive to the drug alcohol. It was controlling me and my behavior. When I am sober I have a modicum of control over my life. ..Not everyone has to believe in God. When I am sober I have free will. 
Atheist in AA going on 3.5 years here. When I hear someone say to turn something over to God what that means for me is to recognize when I'm trying to control something that I have no business trying to control. You say you are worrying a lot. What are you worried about? It doesn't mean that you shouldn't take proactive steps and try to get things accomplished it's just being willing to see when I've done all that is in my power and to really recognize and accept that. It's foolish of me to think that I can go around controlling other people. All that leads to is heartache and resentment. ..My higher power is simply other people. As in they knew how to get sober when I didn't so I'm going to follow some suggestions and get out of my own way when I don't feel like doing something that will probably help me. Like others have said you definitely do not need to believe in God to work the steps. My steps (the first three):.1. Same.2. Came to believe that taking some suggestions from other people might help me.3. Decided to take those suggestions put them into action and see what happens 
If you struggle with the religious aspects of AA (I did  many others do) there are alternatives like SMART Recovery or the Sinclair Method. They've both helped me a lot.
You're in the wrong meeting if they're telling you to pray and you're not comfortable with that.  I was able to find an agnostic/atheist/freethinkers meeting but I know they're not available everywhere.  I also go to a  traditional  meeting where they do mention a higher power quite a bit but they stress that this can be whatever you believe it to be.  ..Do you have the option of attending a different meeting?
So you know how sometimes we tell ourselves that we won't drink tonight or that we're only going to have just one? Then we end up giving in or have two three or more drinks. I definitely feel powerless in that moment (well the next morning). So I feel god or higher power is similar but opposite. Just like I couldn't control my drinking I can't control my not drinking and I need a power that's beyond my will to help me. I'm in AA and obviously still trying to figure out what the higher power means to me. And that bunch of sober drunks has been nothing but kind supportive and welcoming to me. Right now. They are my higher power. 
Atheist in AA with 8y here. Yes you can be in AA. No you do not need to believe in a supernatural higher power to stay sober. You can even work the steps without coming to believe. You will encounter people in AA who will tell you otherwise but they are mistaken. 
