-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8s9gdw/50_days_sober_apprehensive_about_this_weekend/

I'm at 50 days today!  I've been here before a few times but I've never made it to 100.  That's my short-term goal this time...Trying to be more proactive when I catch myself having any thought or fantasy about relapsing.  My wife is leaving on Thursday for a trip with some friends and she won't be back until Sunday night.  Being alone is a trigger for me.  I've noticed a thought or two yesterday and today about how theoretically I could drink without anyone knowing this weekend.  My prefrontal cortex knows without a doubt that I don't want to do this but some tiny voice somewhere deep inside my brain is fantasizing about it...So I'm posting here for accountability and advice.  My plan is to schedule the weekend out so that I won't have too long at any point where I'm just vegging out in front of the TV.  Any other tips? 
----------immediate responses--------

Tell that little voice to f*ck off! 
Keep yourself occupied and avoid situations where you might be tempted. Sobriety is like a muscle. The more you use it the stronger it gets. .
As they say in the army:..*Proper Prior Planning and Preparation Prevents Piss-Poor Performance*!..It's good that you're already thinking ahead in order to outwit the Booze Goblin and avoid his sneaky Heffalump traps.....I've found that his little voice has gotten quieter the longer I've starved him of Booze and he only pops up once in a blue moon these days... there's never any good reason to act on any of the shit he suggests!..IWNDWYT or this weekend..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hey we're almost sobriety twins! Congrats on day 50 doesn't it feel good over here? ..Glad to see you're recognizing you might have a trigger coming up - my S/O being out of town is one for me too. I find I just have to have a plan to fill up the time whether it's going to meetings making plans with people that I know are sober keeping the fridge stocked with sparkling water and healthy foods - whatever. I just gotta keep busy and stay out of the way of the temptation train :)..IWNDWYT 
I don't have advice - your further along than me - but I am interested in how you do this weekend and I'm pulling for you. 
