-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8saym7/struggling_to_get_over_this_bender_i_went_on/

About 4 days ago finished what turned out to be a pretty bad 4-5 day drinking binge. I've done this so many times that I pretty much know the coarse of the probably moderate level withdrawals I experience after a bender like this. I know the worst is over. I usually feel like total dog shit the first 48 hours or so after stopping. After 1 totally sleepless night I'm usually able to get maybe an couple hours the next night. Last night I finally got 5-6 hours but it was that weird vivid dream/ night sweat type sleep. ..Now I'm just feeling this lingering anxiety and depression that is really starting to getting annoying at this point. It's not severe but it's constant. I know it will only last another 3-4 days but I'm really craving alcohol right now just to experience calm and  some sort of pleasure that I'm simply unable to experience right now and won't for at least a few more days.   ..I'm just hoping sharing this will help me hang in there. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
You can do this. I try to think of the anxiety as something that has to work its way out of my body as the alcohol works its way out so I'd try to support it by taking hot showers and baths with Epsom salts and sweating out the yuck and drinking herbal tea and just "think cleansing thoughts." Maybe some electrolytes... You've made huge progress and you're halfway there--you can push through this and come out the other side. IWNDWYT.  
I'm right there with you on the recent binge. That was when I decided to make a renewed effort to quit and found SD. I happened to have very few obligations so I mentally treated myself for a couple days like I had a bad flu. No judgement no stress *trying* to be productive. Bed Netflix forgiveness. I also found that Pedialyte was fantastic help. For realz. I think it was a combination of the actual physical benefits of the drink and the feeling of taking gentle care of myself...I hope you have the time to take care of yourself and be kind to yourself. IWNDWYT. 
In the same boat - I find hard exercise seems to help speed this process up if I can work up the strength to actually get out of the house and do it. 
