-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sd969/3_months_sober/

Looking for some advice to keep going and how else ppl stay sober.. Relapsed after 1 and 1/2 years  sober and continued thinking i could drink in moderation but thats not me. Want to ride this sober train as long as possible. Thanks 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey congrats on the 3 months. If you've gone 18 months before you know that the benefits of being sober only increase with time. I'm almost a year now and every month that goes by I am more glad for the decision
I've been in and out of recovery for the better part of eight years and over that time I've developed a toolbox of thing I rely on when it gets tough. That includes: posting here living in a halfway house frequently attending meetings having a sponsor and working the steps 'playing the tape through' (Basically going step by step over how a relapse would proceed) noticing when I'm getting withdrawn and irritated (emotional precursors to relapse) and lots of other things. Sometimes one of those things doesn't work but I have enough things in place to check a potential relapse.
Hooray!!!
Write as much about the bad times and your feelings about them. Look back at them if you feel weak and come to a place like this to reinforce and be surrounded by people who are supportive and also willing to share pain to further reinforce sobriety (to avoid the pain caused by it).
Realizing that is a good start.  Have you written down the whole experience in a journal?  All the thoughts you had about why you wanted to moderate why you thought it would work why it didn't how you feel about it etc etc?  I found this exercise to be so useful.  I made up as many questions as I could about drinking and not drinking and then about life goals emotional mental physical desires where I want to be and what I want to be doing etc.  ..And then I also come to this sub almost every day and it helps me remember those things. 
Big book
