-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sfxdf/back_for_good_played_my_ace_card/

Over the past year and a half or so I've had long stretches of sobriety but have relapsed 3 times. The most recent relapse began a couple months ago and culminated in a blackout 10 days ago. I had the great idea to go to a college drinking bar for a burger and ended up buying lots of shots for graduates and me too. The only things I have vague memories of from that night are the bartender telling me I'm cut off and hitting the ground in a bicycle crash. My shoulder is still sore from that but it will heal and the bike is OK. I could have really hurt or killed myself or worse someone else...I have a long time dear friend who has always been "the sober guy". He's very open about his past issues with alcohol. Over the years I've thought about talking to him about my struggles but never did. Finally last night I took him out for snacks and lemonades and told him everything about my long history of problem drinking. He was super supportive and lovingly concerned. I realized that I never talked to him before because I was afraid of the finality of that conversation. In the back of my mind each time I made a commitment to getting sober I felt I had an out since I was beholden to no one else. I respect this friend so much that I would feel terrible taking a drink after laying out for him the magnitude of my problem. So now I am ready. It's all on the table and I am done for good. I fell prey to overconfident hubris before and I am wary of making hyperbolic statements. But this is it. It won't always be easy...I'm not drinking with you all today. It's good to be back.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey congrats on your decision.  The book *This Naked Mind* really helped me change my mindset regarding alcohol and reduce my desire to drink.  I also found this site to be so much more useful than I'd imagined.  I'd never even used reddit before and still don't much except here.  Grab a [badge](http://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) if you like.  It's also something motivational that I was surprised helped me sometimes. 
Glad your back! I won't drink with you tonight! 
That's so great that you talked to your friend and he's supportive. Awesome step you took there. Welcome back! IWNDWYT!
Talking to your friend was a great move...Commitment is key. You got this.
