-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8sl4d4/feeling_kind_of_down/

I actually went to the fridge to see if my husband left any beer in there; I would have had it if there were any. Luckily for me he's pretty good about keeping it out of the house and just putting in the fridge what he intends to consume that night. I'm glad I didn't have any but I still feel kind of weird about it. ..I've just been struggling a lot the last few days. I feel overwhelmed by everything I'm supposed to accomplish even just making dinner. I do have company coming by later which should boost my mood quite a bit. Just feeling down.
----------immediate responses--------

Sending you positive vibes        . ..I don't have any advice I'm still early on. Just want to share in your experience and say I'm happy you didn't drink because I get to tell you I'll join ya in not drinking today! 
We all have bad days. I hope as the day progresses you start feeling better. :) ..Speaking for myself I have a bottle in my house not cold (although that never stopped me before) that I keep almost as a challenge to myself. I know I could give in at any point if I am feeling down or stressed or angry but I kept it because pouring out something of that quality would just be a shame - I've kept it for years already through some challenging times. At least someone else may enjoy it in the future. ~~I work a 3 minute walk from the nearest pub so being able to stay 'quitted' even in the presence of alcohol was critical for me.~~..This bottle is exceptional stuff- even when I was not abstaining from alcohol I was "saving" it for the future even if it was the last drop in the house.  However I've (for now) changed my mind - alcohol no longer currently holds any attractive qualities for me. Maybe my kids will inherit that bottle of fine vintage when I die at a ripe old age and they also won't drink it because I have provided a role model of someone that does not drink. (yes this is a fantasy! But it is attractive to think that my choices will be reflected upon the little people in my house.)..Sending happy thoughts your way! IWNDWYT! -Vio
I was recently surprised by a beer left over in the fridge by my husband. I said fuck you closed the fridge and came here. Alcohol has abused me one too many times. It will not manipulate me back into my life. Fuck off. 
Hope dinner was yummy!  
