-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8snm38/recovered_from_the_morning_hangover_and/

It's 5:45pm and I am sitting at home. I had a long day and I'm alone. I have plenty of wine or whiskey and the gas station is right up the street if I want beer. Beer is my thing so that's probably why I ran out yesterday lol. I felt like my temptations were a 10 out of 10 about 30 min ago. Then I was reading on this sub and kept seeing The Naked Mind mentioned. So (reluctantly) I just turned on the first episode. My stomach was in knots with anxiety and that need/want for a drink but I poured an ice water and sipped on that and made myself listen to it. Wow what a shift in mindset. No my cravings are not completely gone but it's probably only like 4 or 5 out of 10 now. My anxiety is a little less. I don't know. It made me feel a like I had a little more power and self control. And maybe I'll go on a walk now with my dogs. I don't really know if I can do this but I feel like my drinking habits have to change. I've really amped it up the last 4 to 5 months. It's rare if I have less than 6 drinks in a day. When I reach that 10+ drink mark I get shitty hangovers. And that's been happening too often. I keep thinking about what I might accomplish if I wasn't spending so much time drinking. This last quarter in school (I'm 27M by the way) My lowest grade was a 99%. I finished all of my pre-reqs for nursing school and I'll be applying this summer. Sure I made it through the pre-reqs while drinking this much but I fear I won't be able to balance my drinking habits and a Nursing Program. This summer I want to change. Today is the first step. I have no idea what to do or how to do it but maybe if I hang around this sub a little more often good things (like that episode of Naked Mind) will keep happening to me. Just thought I'd share.
----------immediate responses--------

\&gt; I keep thinking about what I might accomplish if I wasn't spending so much time drinking.  ..The alcoholic mind is a deceptive one. We get moments of clarity then it subsides into excuses to why we could just keep on drinking and dealing with things other day...It's true: you can accomplish wonderful things by sobering up. I know I do...So yeah. IWNDWYT. 
Glad you are here it's  good have other things you can do like walikg your dogs I'm sure they will enjoy it I know mine loves his walks. Bigger better things are happening in my life since I decided to quit. It's not all bling and hotties but it's a much better life than a shit show day after day that Alcohol provided me. ..Give sober living a shot what do you have to lose? Other than the hangovers anxiety memory loss selfish behaviors shitty attitude lol..   IWNDWYTD!..
I got sober in AA...I know a lot of nurses in AA.  In fact I see a lot of student nurses who come to an AA meeting as part of their training.  
&gt; I fear I won't be able to balance my drinking habits and a Nursing Program..Just remember they're not *your* drinking habits; the drinking has you.
Day 1 is tough very tough. Push through however you can. "Just get day 1 out of the way" stuck with me after I read it somewhere. I often eat to bursting drink lots of water and follow with chocolate; I think of this as outright over satisfying any possible source of craving. Best of luck to you.
Have you checked out the r/stopdrinking sidebar/ community info page?.There are lots of resources there and you can grab a badge...Some people here use SD as their AA. Post as often as you like..Many people also do AA or Smart recovery...Have you seen a doctor about stopping drinking? Some people due to their genetics are prone to AWS which can be deadly...We are glad you are here. IWNDWYT 
Thanks for sharing. I ordered  the book and can't wait to get it. I'm on day 6 and the transformation is just insane. Felt like total shit till last night (physically). Dealing with emotions without booze is the hardest part for me. My motivation comes from here and the fact that my hangovers were just insane. I never want to go through that again. We need to stay strong. .You are NOT alone - be kind to yourself. .IWNDWYT   
If you like the This Naked Mind podcast you should read the book! I have a PDF version that I could probably figure out a way to send you if you're interested. It was super helpful for me.
Welcome friend! The first week is a little rough. I promise it gets better. But from my experience the hangovers get worse! Anyway Im not drinking with you today!   
