-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8stvmf/area_51/

It almost does feel like an alien abduction of the most friendly and loving type!  This group has  welcomed me onboard the sober-ship with such great encouragement suggestions and general support - The sheer humanity of these posts can be overwhelming at times - both those from long time sobernauts and those who like me just a few short weeks ago are struggling to hang on by their fingernails.  The sober-ship is well stocked with different perspectives myriad tips for making it through a difficult hour or 24 and tons of La Croix.  It feels amazing to be onboard! There is absolutely no way - 0&amp;#37; chance - that I would be in this mindset without these dear comrades!..I'm delighted that instead of questionable body cavity probes the wonderful wise beings on the sober-ship have bathed me in messages of comfort and empathy.  They have surrounded me with a blanket of strength that I call on every single day - often many times throughout the day.  This evening will be 51 in a row when I am not pickling my brain crushing my liver acting like an idiot or descending into misery.  Area 51 is the best possible place for me to be and I thank you all for it.  IWNDWYT fellow sobernauts!
----------immediate responses--------

Amazing post!! Congrats on 51! I as well must say that without the help of SD (and some credit to AA also) I don't think I'd be on day 20! Have a wonderful day IWNDWYT!
Welcome aboard! 
Congrats on 51!..I will not drink or give (or take) any questionable body cavity probes with you today.
You rock and this gives me lots of hope.  Thank you for posting.  IWNDWYT
Looks like we share a sober-versary! *confetti emoji here* Congrats on keeping a great mindset I really enjoyed reading this post. :) I needed it today. IWNDWYT! 
Stay sober or you will deal with us! :-)
Great post! Loved reading congrats on 51! This sub really is a haven where there's no pressure. Just honesty and positivity rare for the Internet! I won't drink with you today.
