-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8su7yn/from_blackout_drinker_to_sobriety/

I was a heavy blackout drinker - from wine. I was a party girl for years - laughed off all of the craziness. Once I had my daughter things got real. I got a DUI was scaring my husband and my daughter. I struggled to cut back for years. My normal intake was a bottle of wine a night during the week and then off the rails on the weekend. I was always very successful in my career despite my drinking and I think that is why it took me so long to finally admit to myself family and friends that I desperately needed help. Mt daughter was about to be 5 and I didn't want to ruin her life and embarrass her. That was the driving force - I couldn't help being the drunkest mom at the party no matter how hard I tried. I went to outpatient bootcamp treatment and a lot of therapy. My life has changed in countless ways and my career is better than I ever dreamed it could be. I model a healthy lifestyle for my daughter. This was the best gift I could ever give myself and my family. Hope this helps...IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

This gives me hope thank you :)
Congrats! Your story is very similar to mine and I can't wait to have 500+ days. You're inspiring!
This is quite helpful congrats and IWNDWYT
Wow that's great. Thanks for posting. 
Love this. Great work on your part. I am glad to not drink with you and hope to have the same outcome for myself and my family!
That's great. My kids have motivated me as well. IWNDWYT!
Great post! So inspirational. Great work.  
That's awesome well done!
This is a great story.  I too am a wine addict.  I still have plenty of beer and liquor in my house but it doesn't bother me at all because I have zero interest in anything but wine.  You are giving your daughter (and yourself) such an amazing gift - Way to go! IWNDWYT
Thanks for your post. I am only about 3 weeks in and people ahead of me on this path provide much needed inspiration. I'm the father of a 16 month old baby girl and I sincerely hope that she will never see me drunk.  
I'm proud of you. Iwndwyt 
Congrats. Very inspiring...&gt;I went to outpatient bootcamp treatment and a lot of therapy...What is bootcamp treatment like? I can't decide if it sounds fun in that Warrior Dash sense of fun or just horrible.
Congrats on figuring it out!! Life's so much better here :) 
Congratulations!..There's something special about being keeping sobriety when your young children are involved. My wife and I got sober 21 months before our daughter was born. I got to be an at-home Dad (worked nights) for almost five years the best of my life...During this time I would say to my bride "These are the good old days"...And they were...Keep smiling. It'll make everyone wonder what you've been up to.
Congratulations!  I'm here today because I drunk-called my adult daughter last night.  I am so tired of the shame...
Happy 1.4 years!!!!!!!! Thanks for sharing and spreading hope of recovery. 
So great to hear. I wished my mother would have taken sobriety seriously. Your daughter will never know how lucky she is. 
Thanks for the post! What an amazing story. As the child of two alcoholics (one who is highly functional and one who has very bad dementia now) whom I love dearly  you are doing the right thing. ..Well done you! IWDWYT.
How was the outpaitent and therapy? 
[removed]
It does help.  I love your honesty and I love your triumph.  IWNDWYT
[removed]
You go girl! So proud of you OP!
This gives me hope. Thank you for sharing! 
How amazing thank you for sharing! 
Awesome post - thank you!
&gt;I couldn't help being the drunkest mom at the party no matter how hard I tried...Oh man you said it.  This was me at many parties.  Ugh.  One in particular still makes me cringe to think of.  Never again...Life sure is better these days.  Well done on 17+ months!
My kids are my reason to stay sober!  They own my heart. That's awesome. IWNDWYT
The old you and the old me were very similar. The new you and my new me are bang on as well! Great post
Way to go OP! This one really hit home for me. Being a party girl was a blast until suddenly you feel trapped. I was so tired of apologizing the next day and using alcohol to deal with stress. We don't need it! It takes a really strong person to do what you've done and I am so proud of you
Thank you for sharing that. I was a serious blackout drinker. I would wake the next day with huge gaps in my memory. Sometimes forhalf a day or more. There areentire months that are blurs to me. I drank wine but not good stuff. I also drank beer and hard stuff too. Fortunately i was sober a long time when my kids were born. I know it has made me a better father. All the best to you as we trudge the road.
Congratulations! You've done an amazing thing. I am in a similar boat. I've always been a driven professional and have a good career but I would still be out getting wasted on the weekends and sinking beers and red wine during the week. I think lots of 'Type A' career people end up falling into alcoholism. I have a baby son at home and he has been the biggest driver for me to get sober. Moderation didn't work I was always going one step forward two steps back. Sobriety has been an easy road since removing alcohol completely means I don't need to worry about getting booze and monitoring my intake (which never worked anyway). ..You've probably heard it before but you should read Annie Grace's book 'This Naked Mind'. I'm reading it now and it's incredible. ..IWNDWYT
Me too. Daily wine drinker and off the rails on the weekend. I'm not in my 20's anymore...time to grow up and be present in my own life. Good luck to you.
That whole party girl image is such a con. I'm mad I fell for it now. I won't drink with you today. Thanks for sharing. 
Well done!
