-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8suxb9/seizure_at_work_today_1st_ever/

Been lurking for about a year. Drink at least a pint of tequila plus 1/2 quart of beer nightly for a approximately a decade. Until Monday only 3 normal shots and no beer. Cold sweats crappy sleep ok can deal. TuesdayNo alcohol whatsover. Same deal. Wednesdaycalled out slept a bit better still sweating profusely had 1 shot. Thursday mildly moist this morning I'm going in. 3 hrs in vision gets blurry spots so put my head on my desk and a customer (a regular thank-your deity here.) touches my shoulder and asks if I'm okay. Sure I am. In the meantime he tells a DH whats going down was shaking when he touches me am told. DH comes over asked if am OK I look up  directly in her eyes then mine go back in my head and start seizing big time. Couldn't have been long because when reality set in again said customer and DH were holding me up and I was struggling until figured out what happened. .   Drinking never effected any aspect of my life Except for becoming a slug and not doing much of anything except drinking when not working. Just wanted some time off to see if I could reclaim some ambition. Now my resolve has doubled. I will do this. .  Thanks for listening. Post or not? WTF post
----------immediate responses--------

Be. CAREFUL. Did you check in with your doctor? Did you get any medical attention at all? 
Glad you're here and OK to write this...I'd see a physician...Hoping the best for you!
[removed]
Good wake up call!  Definitely check with your physician - Good luck moving forward in your journey.  IWNDWYT
Sounds like withdrawal related to me.   I finally told my doctor that I couldn't stop drinking.  My symptoms were not as severe as what you described but I couldn't sleep and the anxiety was terrible.  He gave me some meds that really helped.  I think that by posting here you have made a positive step in the right direction also.
&gt; Failure to manage the alcohol withdrawal syndrome appropriately can lead to permanent brain damage or death...Certainly seizures puts you in the highest risk category and can be fatal.
Good luck. I too dealt with that and went in to the hospital. They took good care of me and made my detox as comfortable as a detox could be I guess. I was safe and they monitored me until I was stabilized and then I made the decision to seek further help with rehab. I didn't realize how dangerous it was. Be safe my friend. 
Feel the love from your new friends?! People care here let us know how you're doing. Aloha 
Definitely speak with your physician or go to the ER. I heard some ER docs mention that no one overdoses or withdraws from weed but alcohol can kill you both ways. 
A taper that worked for me is reducing your intake down by 2. So if you drink a 12 pack a night you would go - 10 8 6 etc. This worked for me though I AM NOT A DOCTOR. Go see one man seizures are no joke. You can die. 
Just sending supportive thoughts. Hope you'll keep us posted.
I know others have said it and your pushing back but people are right seizures are a serious concern. You're health can deteriorate extremely fast. Enough so that you may not get to the hospital soon enough. You should really consider going tonight. 
A reminder to everyone to speak from the "I" and avoid giving medical advice..."Withdrawal is dangerous as hell and it's probably a very good idea to see a doctor." - fine.."I tapered by doing x y z etc." - not fine...All the best to you OP. Thoughts are with you and I can't tell you how valuable working directly with my doctor has been in my life.
Be VERY careful. Please please get to a doctor. I didn't and ended up with a subdural hematoma and now have a titanium skull. I almost didn't survive and recuperation was brutal.  Please get medical help and it's worth it to not drink.
My first seizure scared me sober
Wow! Glad your still here. I had the same reaction when I first quit.. scary stuff. I had the worst nightmares I've ever had those first few days if I was able to sleep at all. I can still see them clear as day. Thanks for sharing it's a reminder of what will happen if I drink again.  :)
Good work striving to stop but PLEASE talk with a doctor ASAP.  My friend felt mostly OK and then seized in withdrawal so badly that he broke his back and nearly bit his tongue in two.....
I have had four seizures just like the one you described and I actually just left work after being there for ten minutes because I'm feeling like today could be a seizure day. They have completely ruined my life. I used to be an avid lifter but the seizures completely destroyed both of my shoulders.  I've had two surgeries to repair them but another seizure tore both of them again. If you find yourself drinking again and hungover or not feeling great because you're cutting back drink plenty of water don't let yourself get over stimulated and stay away from stimulants like caffeine and adderall. If you have any questions message me. I'm not a doctor or anything  but unfortunately I've got plenty of experience.
