-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8syjet/im_ready_to_try_again/

Obligatory ignore my badge. My reset request is in...So when I first found this sub a couple months ago I got myself really jazzed about quitting drinking. Not only was I gonna quit alcohol I'd cut out soda eat healthier completely reinvent myself. This was my new start!..All that lasted about 10 days. My relapse was triggered by my brother's 21st birthday. Naturally I wanted to get drunk with him. Understandable maybe but to my mind inexcusable...But of course I didn't stop after his birthday. I fell right back into my old patterns binge drinking multiple times a week blowing most of my paychecks on beer and liquor living an unsustainable self-destructive lifestyle. I know I'm putting myself through hell and I'm sick of it...Booze has only ever taken from me. I love to write but unfortunately my body loves drinking more. When I drink I hardly write anything. There's been solid months where I never touched pen to paper all because my mind was too preoccupied with my next drink...This morning I woke up after a night of getting absolutely hammered. I'm not even gonna try to sugar-coat it-- I woke up in a puddle of my own piss with very little memory of last night's events. That's not an experience I'm keen to repeat...As the saying goes I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired. I'm back and more than ready to try again. And I know my SD friends will be with me every step of the way.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome back!  One thing that I realized: for my sobriety to be sustainable I had to make it the number one priority.  I often would get excited about not drinking losing weight quitting smoking studying hard exercising everyday all my goals at once.  I could keep it up for a week or maybe a month sometimes even two months.  But I got burnt out hard.  And I went back to my regular patterns so quickly within a couple weeks.  This time I figured stopping drinking will eventually make all my other goals so much more attainable. So I said if all I do today is not drink that's a win.  I'd try and do other good stuff like go to work be a good parent clean the house and a little bit of those other goals but if I wasn't feeling it I'd slack off on stuff a bit.  The only rule I had for myself was absolutely not drinking.  ..I had to slow way down to allow myself to get used to not drinking. It turned out to be different than I thought but now that I'm used to it it is way easier to obtain my other goals.  ..I will not drink with you today!
IWNDWYT!! 
Welcome back! I had to go a few rounds to find a motivation that really stuck and that could match my urge to drink. Then determination and hard work... most of all realizing that there is no  one  drink. It's all or nothing. I will not drink with you today! 
Good job making it back.  What worked for me and others is to not try to change too much at once. I just focussed on sobriety and later when i was stronger i would work on other things as well. It's good though that you recognize that there is much you want to change. It means that you are no longer in denial. You are facing the truth. And dont feel bad about pissing yourself. Once when i was in the bar drinking the afternoon away a guy offered me a pill about 5pm. I took it without even asking what it was. I blacked out and woke up the next day with shit stains on the OUTSIDE of my jeans.  Boy drinking sure id glamourous isnt it. If may have been worth it to get a true picture of yourself. I heard that somewhere. Anyway keep trying. Most people relapse on there way to sobriety.
Welcome back and just want to echo the other responses. Focusing on getting sober first really worked for me then other things began to fall into place. Still have to kick the nicotine though. Progress not perfection!
I lapsed too yesterday. Fuck the zero here we go.
Glad you are back. What I've read about setting goals is to start with one thing you want to accomplish. Write it down write out your plan to accomplish the goal and then at the end of each day reflect on what you did towards your goal. I think this could be applied to not drinking and that all the other stuff  like eating better and being more productive will fall in line eventually. Good luck and IWNDWYT. 
Thanks for sharing this. Unsustainable - that word really captures the way I felt about the way I was living too. And that creates a constant level of anxiety; "I can't keep doing this" yet I am...At 21 days I'm feeling very grateful for sobriety. ..Welcome back I will not drink with you today!
When I quit drinking I made sure that it was the only thing I was concentrating on if I would have said I will quit drinking soda junk food get fit etc... I would have been setting myself up for failure...After about 18 months of not drinking I decided to start to get fit and started doing Keto on and off to try and lose weight.
Welcome back.  I just reset my badge too.  I'm sorry about the puddle.  That sounds really brutal. That's a good one for the Play the tape forward. IWNDWYT
For me I tried to do everything all at once too- I just got to 50 days no alcohol and then decided to stop smoking weed but it was too soon.  Within a week I was back to both.  This time I am focusing ONLY on staying sober for probably atleast a year before I work on my other vices.  Good Luck and we will get this!
