-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8t0kxm/struggling/

Been a tough week someone close to me past work is nuts feeling lonely and alcohol is all around...Been a sad week this week and today was a challenge and a Bussiness lunch followed by after works drinks with all staff...Normally i am ok in these situations but has been really hard and feeling quite sad about the passing of someone that has left us to early...Went to a bussiness lunch today and everyone was drinking wine then went to after work drinks and made me feel uncomfortable...Not sure why I am posting this just felt the need to tell my sober friends how I feel. Thanks for listening
----------immediate responses--------

Hey - I am glad to read you didn't drink. I hope you are feeling better. IWNDWYT 
First - Congrats on 5 Months Mike!!!..I'm sorry you're struggling but perhaps you'll keep in mind how much blood/sweat/tears you've poured into sobriety these past 5 months...You've worked very hard for this. Nothing gets better with alcohol it gets worse...Please keep hanging out here lean on us. We're here for you :).
I'm very sorry about your friend. Good for you staying strong around alcohol. I won't drink with you today.
Keep working it. Gets better and you'll get better at handling these situations as your sobriety strengthens. 
Sorry for your struggles.  ..Stay sober today and these unpleasant emotions will pass.  ..Drink and you'll unleash hell.  I've never heard anyone go out and say "Man that was so worth it". Have you?
Thank you what u say is so true
Hang in there Mike! I'm at 4 months now and also have a tough time here and there. While difficult they're never anything like the first day or week or even month. But that's exactly where we will be back to if we give in. So hang in there Mike this too shall pass. I will not drink with you today my friend and I think you wrote your post because you really don't want to drink with me either...D
Hi Mike; I hear you. It's hard to ignore the urge to have a few drinks when sorrow enters the picture. ..It never really made anything better for me though. I suspect choosing to not drink today would be a choice you won't regret tomorrow?..Thanks for posting. :)
First off very sorry for your loss. Also I don't know everything but I'm starting to realize alcohol def doesn't help these situations. I hope you start feeling better and hopefully you will after a good nights sleep and waking up sober and clear headed in the morning. Good luck to you and IWNDWYT 
