-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8t6ej3/today_im_struggling/

Hey guys. I'm struggling today. I feel like there is so much awful shit going on in the world that I can't do anything about and I just want to numb my feelings. Any words of encouragement will help. ..
----------immediate responses--------

There is awful shit going on in the world but why add to it? 
Just realize that no matter how shitty the world can be you can always strive to be better than you were yesterday thereby making the world a slightly better place.
That's the trick isn't it? You get sober and remember why you drank...Drinking really never helped a thing for me though. It just made it worse.
I know how that feels.....When I was drinking I used to spend hours glued to rolling 24-hour news social media and forums like r/collapse and be horrified by how utterly fucked up everything is and how helpless I felt to do anything about it.....Then when I got sober I largely unplugged from it!..I barely ever look at Facebook rarely glance at the news consume very little mainstream media and doom and gloom propaganda and instead look out of my window at a nice view where nothing much is happening and focus on the small differences I *can* make to the lives of other individuals for example by being here on SD.....If anything really significantly earth-shattering happens someone will tell me about it sooner or later.....While I agree that it is important to be politically-engaged and keep reasonably abreast of current affairs there has to be some kind of balance for the sake of your sanity... Awful shit is happening but good shit is happening too it just doesn't get as widely reported because that's not the sort of thing that sells papers.....Congrats on 30 days!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[removed]
I'm not sure if I have words of encouragement but I've been struggling so much. You are not alone. This girl in Oregon is having a tough time too. But! IWNDWYT!  
Hang in there.  When the state of the world overwhelms me I for sure take breaks from social media like you mentioned above.  Also I try to remember to make a difference to the people I see in my day.  Something as small as sincere eye contact with the checker at the grocery store when saying  thank you  can pull me back into the present moment and show down the tailspin. ..I feel like the overwhelm is amplified if I've been isolating myself too.  So reaching out (like here or irl) can bring a little connection.  Connection can be a little antidote to those blues. ..This is just what helps for me when I can remember to bother. Some days are really hard.  Want you to know I can relate.  There's lots of good out there too it just harder to see sometimes.   Hugs!!
" so much awful shit going on".  There is a bright side.  The control I have is choosing where I shop what I eat who I donate time or money too.  I know exactly what you mean about the shit.  I call it my trip falling down the rabbit hole and finding out that just about everything I thought was true was not. I'm talking finance education medical ....... It's depressing and I think we need to not take the troubles of the world on our shoulders.
