-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8t92ut/i_relapsed/

I made it 136 days sober which is the longest I've ever made it before. But after some things that happened at work I lost my job. Then I lost myself. And then I lost my sobriety. I was devastated because I've been having to move a lot and I specifically moved to the city I'm in now for this job. ..I'm super disappointed in myself. My sponsor is all pissed off. Cuz when I relapse it isn't usually a one time thing I start and I just can't stop. I've been drinking for about 11 days straight or so. But I'm really gonna try not to drink today. ..I just feel ashamed of myself and I don't even want to go to AA because I don't want to talk about my relapse. I hate starting over. I feel like a failure. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Don't be too hard on yourself YLV. We're human and we make mistakes. ..The opposite of addiction is connection. Meetings have always helped when I'm in a negative headspace. I can't imagine what a relapse feels like and I'm so scared of that... Please don't forget those days aren't lost. It's progress not perfection. ..IWNDWYT
Falling off the wagon isn't failure. Not getting back on is failure...I sympathise with your relapse pattern. When I relapse I pretty much know it will continue for a few days maybe a week of  heavy drinking. ..It happened last week. I stupidly thought I could have a nice little G&amp;T. I'd been sober for 2 months. Before I knew it I was on my 4th bottle of gin in 4 days. With some cider thrown in. .Not good. ..Dust yourself off and start again my friend. ..IWNDWYT 
You aren't a failure....you are human...and there is no shame in being human.  You were able to string together 140+ days of alcohol-free living...that is something to be incredibly proud of.  Pick yourself up dust yourself off and learn from this latest stumble.  You aren't going to be able to address your employment and living situation while drinking.  I'm rooting for you and I hope you'll do the same for me!  IWNDWYT!
Sorry to hear what you've been through it happens!..Every slip-up is an invitation to reflect on what went wrong and what you might *do* differently in similar circumstances the next time around.....You're not a failure you're a human being who sometimes makes mistakes just as we all do... nobody will judge you more harshly than you're judging yourself and many other recovering drinkers will have had lapses themselves... it's very rare indeed to get it right on the first try or even the second third whatever.....Try not to beat yourself up about it what's done is done and it's all about how you move forward starting today.....Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Can I just say I think it's awesome that you're here? The last time I relapsed I felt so much shame that I didn't want to be here I didn't want to post with my reduced day count I didn't want to be seen to have failed...But I realised something. This year I have been sober at separate times for a month a month and a half and I'm right now pushing in on a month again. Not a lot by the standards of some of the regulars here but it would nonetheless have been absolutely unthinkable for me 6 months ago. My relapses haven't taken away those days and they haven't taken away the lessons those days taught me...I think it's awesome that you're here.
Thank you. I think you're right about the job thing. Once I get another job I won't be home all day stuck in my head either so that will help.
I guess I need to find some other alternative release besides drinking when shit hits the fan.
I haven't done AA but are sponsors supposed to get pissed off with you if you slip? Surely that's counter productive? Maybe get a new sponsor? ..Sorry if I've misunderstood the function of an AA sponsor. ..The important thing is that you are back here and ready to work at it again . Sending hugs . IWNDWYT 
She's just mad cuz I called her when I was drinking. I don't know if it's common but somehow I always find a sponsor that does the whole  tough love  approach and unfortunately it doesn't work very well for me because I'm already hard enough on myself..
Thanks for sharing it helps to know I'm not the only one. It is so easy to pick up that drink when shit goes wrong. I honestly don't think I have any healthy coping strategies really. It's like I'm just in so much emotional pain I want it to go away ASAP. A death would throw me off the wagon as well.
I was at an AA meeting a while ago and the speaker had 17 day one or 24 hr / just coming back chips .............and had recently celebrated 5 yrs sobriety . For many of us it takes a bunch of day ones and starting over ...Whats most important is that you want to start again ...IWNDWYT
Talk about your relapse mostly everyone in that room has relapsed more than once.  I found once I got the nerve to admit it I got so much support (and some scolding "Why didn't you call me or someone!??)- but my shame was left in that room because all the support and hugs I got.
Keep trying! IWNDWYT!
Have relapsed twice myself. Nothing left to do but start over. What's option 2? Go down that lonely road? We both know where that goes...Good luck
I'm rooting for you to get back up and go again   I'm cheering you on!  IWNDWYT 
You still have 136 days of sobriety under your belt. Nothing can take that away...I'll bet you can break that record!
Thanks for the post victory.  I'm just on day 3 and still raw from the havoc that I wreaked drinking.  I too felt ashamed of myself and didn't want to go to AA so I wouldn't have to talk about my relapse.  In my case it was just never ending relapse.  I would see people at the meeting who had what seemed to me to be a great amount of sober time and as you mentioned I felt like such a failure.  I lost my job and it seemed like it was just one mess after another.  I was awful sick a few days ago.  The hangovers kept getting worse.  I was sweaty shaky and full of self loathing and shame.  Lucky I got thru work yesterday and haven't lost this job yet.   I have heard that if I stay sober today at least I will be eligible if something good comes along.  I was sober once before and my life was immensely better.  Still today the fleeting thought went through my mind about having a drink.  I'm glad that this community is here.  At least I found out that I'm not the only alcoholic who keeps hurting himself with drinking and that there is some support and help to make it through day 3.  I think it is worth a lot that we are both reaching out here for the help and grace that is available to us all.  Good luck to both of us my friend.  
