-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tbmf8/struggling/

Just had a huge fight with my husband. It always comes back to the same issue my daughters autism. Then comes the hopelessness that she will never be normal that she won't ever be happy or able to live on her own. Then BOOM like clockwork comes the suicidal thoughts that if there's no hope than what's the point of going on.Then the thought that if I'm in this much pain it's better to be drunk than dead so I might as well just drink if it's going to stop me from doing something worse. I don't want to give up  I don't know if I could stop again if I started back today. Husband still drinks so there's beer in the fridge cold and ready. I don't know how to get through today. Horrible ranting post  thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I got sober in AA...One thing I've learned in AA is that nobody deals with stress on their own.  They either share it in a healthy way or it finds a way out in other areas...I know people who are in several programs to get through the day...It's not a bad thing to have helpers on the voyage.
your daughter needs you..
[removed]
Hello /u/Newme_2018! I like your username. I'm sorry you are struggling right now. It helps me to remember that there is nothing so bad that alcohol won't make it worse. ..Your post caught my attention because I have an adult son with autism. He has and is receiving many wonderful services. I volunteer in school and see excellent resources and help for children with disabilities. They weren't there when my son was in school. ..Accepting my son's disability took time and support as did my sobriety. Having a therapist and going to AA meetings helped me stay on the road to recovery. ..Your daughter needs a mother and especially a sober one. My kids were a huge motivation in my recovery. They deserved a sober Mom and my son especially needed me to advocate for him. ..My son lives in his own apartment with staff that comes in to help. He just started a trial job at TJMaxx. ..There is hope as long as you don't take the first drink. 
Autism is a hard diagnosis to live with but there are many ways to help her manage her life and help her find happiness. Consistency visual schedules finding accepting peers for her to socialize with encouraging her in whatever her interests may be...I hope you can find some resources to help you and your family. Is she school-aged? There are a ton of resources available through your local school system! It won't be an easy journey but you sound like you care a lot about her and that makes your daughter a very lucky girl.
We as a family face similar difficulties and its caused many rows and probably increased alcohol use. ..One thing ive learned is that acceptance is a process and it goes forwards and backwards. Its not easy i know but the booze will only make it worse. ..The worry and distress is so normal and so hard. Get support from family friends or support groups online or in person. These experiences you are having are shared by parents everywhere...especially where autism or other needs effect your children. ..Good luck to you all. 
Your daughter is counting on you. My moneys on you. Stay strong. 
I can only imagine the stress and worry you must feel. I can't give personal advice on your situation exactly. But i CAN tell you that alcohol makes everything seem harder to manage and hopeless. Little things like cleaning a garage out and big things like a child's diagnosis. ..You definitely do deserve a break and an escape. Just not one that's going to cost you so much on the other end. Make sure your getting regular time to yourself! Walls massages a movie by yourself. Sending you strength my friend you can do this...
Your defo not alone. Take v good care of yourself. 
