-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tmucp/feeling_a_little_lost_returning_to_the_world/

Hey all..So I guess I just wanted to get something off my chest and maybe get a little feedback from people who might have been in my position before. ..Now firstly I'm off the booze. My liver is in trouble and there's never been an easier decision to make. Bang done...The problem I have is that now I'm a little lost at what to do with myself. While I was a "functioning alcoholic" holding down a job paying my bills and so on drinking was pretty much my world. I'd wake up go slug through work race home and start drinking while watching YouTube videos until I would basically pass out. Rinse repeat...Now that's gone I'm struggling to work out what to replace the routine with. There's some easy stuff like yeah I can finally play video games again and there's a shitload of shows on Netflix that I want to catch up with but I feel like I've lost so much of my life to alcohol that simply going "Well now it's gone let's just consume all that media!" doesn't seem to sit right...I've also started doing all the obvious stuff like exercising and learning a language...I think the big issue I have is that I feel lonely. For over a decade it was really just me my emotions and the bottle. I generally didn't feel as lonely because I guess I was suppressing that feeling by getting trolleyed. (I had my moments though.) But now it's kind of hitting me a bit. It's great to have hobbies and engage in activities but I want to share that with people...I think I'm also a little hamstrung by certain variables. I'm a big geek so I went to a local geek hangout where they play board games and RPGs and stuff but I'm in my mid-to-late-30s and it was mostly kids. I felt like a creep just being there. I try and stay away from sporting clubs because there's usually a heavy alcohol component that accompanies and I don't think that's going to be a constructive environment...Additionally I'm living in an *extremely* liberal city and I am more of a right-leaning libertarian. A lot of people here were their politics and values on their sleeves and that can make social interactions awkward and usually I feel like I'm suppressing my true self so as to avoid conflict. Moving isn't really an option due to what I do for a living and the country in which I live. Plus I'm a homeowner...I guess I'm just looking for any advice about how to ease back into society after pretty much shunning it for so long especially when I feel like a square peg trying to fit into a round hole...Any help is appreciated...Many thanks in advance.
----------immediate responses--------

Obviously learn a new language trolleyed hamstrung:  ..I'm laughing at your writing style (in a good way cuz you're funny).  Maybe these terms are common where you're from but your style has a wit and banter to it that seems fun.  ..I don't have any advice but thought I'd chime in and say hello and welcome and tell you you're not alone here.    iwndwyt
I'm taking classes at the local rec centre to try to meet new people. So far I've taken a cooking class. It gets me out and around people. I'm hoping to start some yoga classes too. Could meet new people plus it seems yoga can be helpful in recovery. You could also try joining a gym.
Fitness group classes are great running groups yoga classes...if you're not into exercising what about online dating? Or volunteer work...at an animal shelter or local charity. Do you have a dog? Dog parks are good ways to meet people too. Good luck to you!
Do they have meetup groups where you are?  They have from A-Z groups.  How about get involved volunteering somewhere?  Sports?  How about dancing lessons?  I walk my dog everyday a couple of times.  I chat up people when I walk my dog.  I was new in the area and met a gal from the same complex and have had her and her  boyfriend for dinner a couple of times.  They had me over a couple times to.  Get creative.  I know it's tough.  I've moved all alone to cities many times.  IWNDWYT 
Politics aside I.... well actually I could stop there. It's nice to have politics aside. Here's what I mean:..One thing I like about this group is the human interactions here are never coated in politics. It hardly comes up. We are all meeting each other on a more fundamental level. We face more proximal and important problems in our personal existences. So where I'm going with that is... Maybe you can find that same deal at an AA group in your town - where you can get the socialization without needing to profess your hatred for one team or the other or even feel forced to voice your ideas on issues. ..If that doesn't work then maybe find people who agree with you. I myself have a history with church and I hate it so I can't believe I'm saying this but... also maybe consider church? They usually offer activities and regular meetings and probably won't be getting too trolleyed around you - haha. ..My last thought and maybe my strongest one is consider if you might be right for a dog and if a dog might be right for you. They require a lot of time and effort. A LOT if you do it right and train them well but for me it's been the best thing in the world. I honestly think getting my dog 7 months ago was the actual beginnings of me moving toward sobriety. Taking care of her gives me a purpose and makes me be social. I now know for sure that I want to live at least 10-15 more years. I'm not sure I was in the place a year ago. I think she pulled me just far enough out of depression to be able to evaluate my life and reconsider the drinking. I love my dog and what she's done to my routine. She's helped me make friends in a new city. I take her hiking now too so I'm never alone... I don't know it just changed me for the better. ..I hope one of these resonates! Good luck dude. 
