-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8top7j/relapsed_for_the_5th_time_in_3_weeks/

My sponsors know of my sober date as June 3rd 2018 but in reality I've relapsed for the 5th time since then. ..I haven't bothered to reset my badge but it should say "Day 1" because as I write this I'm mildly hungover in the office from a 2-day bender. I've lied to them again by not coming clean about my drinking. ..My first relapse was at 9 days in the second happened around 8 days after that. My 3rd relapse was probably 5 days after the 2nd relapse the 4th relapse 2 days after that and finally most recently this 2-day weekend bender marks the 5th relapse. I don't know if those dates add up correctly but whatever. Doesn't matter...Same story as always. Was feeling so good at 9 days that I decided (stupidly) to relax with a bunch of beers. At any point in time I could have contacted my sponsors but chose not to. I didn't want to deal with their disappointment. Once again my brain has played tricks on me and at this point I now realize that I cannot do this alone. But I sort of knew that already. As usual relapsing made me feel like shit and the dates in between have become shorter and shorter...Anyways. I haven't been honest to my sponsors but I'm being honest with you guys. I feel strong enough to start the streak again tonight but who knows what will happen from now until I finally lay down to sleep...
----------immediate responses--------

Don't give up heart. Look how many days you were sober this month. WAY more than last month no doubt and next month will be even better. Be proud of yourself you are still trying!  IWNDWYT:) 
My struggles were the same many many relapses. Although I wasn't as wise as you and I hid from this sub too...And then one day it suddenly stuck. I accepted the discomfort that sobriety can bring and accepted that I can't have both things: being the person I want to be *and* drinking. It's just not possible to have both. So I chose sobriety...It is the best thing I have ever done for myself and - but that was secondary- for everyone involved with me too...I am glad you are here don't ever give up.
Same here. Was doing well this week but blew off Sunday. Now I have to call in sick.  ...Hate it.  ...Hate the guilt. The fear. The anxiety. The wasted time.
Honesty is the key. You can do it. 
[removed]
You obviously want to be sober keep trying. As others said you have had lots of sober days try to increase them view it like a challenge. Try to find some way to reward yourself (not a pint of beer! lol).  ..Keep your chip up! IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing I'm in the same boat as you. I'm back to day 1 today. IWNDWYTD!
Being truthful is hard. It's a concept I'm still working on. It seems to be my instinct to hide bad news like a cat hiding when he's hurt. And like the cat that behavior is only going to make things worse for me. I think I'm so afraid of people's responses but logically I'm not sure that makes sense. Nobody's out there expecting me to be Mary Sunshine 24/7. Humans have problems. ..If my best friend were struggling I'd want to help. If I were sponsoring someone who needed a lifeline I'd like a chance to toss them a rope...I think your first steps here towards honesty are going to pay dividends. And I'll keep working on being honest with you.
