-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u1dwq/quitting_yet_again/

I quit drinking new years of 2017. That lasted about 5 months. Since then it's been on and off every months. Somehow I always convince myself that I can have a few drinks and be fine. It always ends with me drinking myself into oblivion. Each relapse is more frustrating then the last. So for 10th time I will not drink again. ..What I will do different: daily AA meetings daily exercise meditation work the steps journal. Regular sleep schedule. Wish me luck. 
----------immediate responses--------

Good luck my friend! You got this! IWNDWYT
You might have to add one more item to that list and it might be the most relevant:  accept that you cannot moderate.  ..I BSd myself thinking I could moderate as well.  Many other people here have also had bad experiences with moderation.  ..You tried it and it didnt work.  It rarely does for problem drinkers.   There's no shame etc.  It is what it is.  There are people are lactose intolerant and cant drink milk.   We cant drink alcohol and that's that.  ..I actually found it quite liberating to admit moderation isnt an option for me anymore.  There is no more debating second guessing etc.   No more trying to figure out ways to keep alcohol around.  No more lamenting that life will somehow be less fun without alcohol.  All that stuff went out the window.  ..Blue skies coming up for you!
Meditation is a great idea. It's literally impossible if you're drinking or hungover so it's something positive and fun to look forward to.
[removed]
Best of luck to you!!!  I'm at 111 days (cool number!) and this is my ____  time (not sure how many) but it's by far my longest and my most successful run.  I'm really in a great place right now and have come to accept that a drink is never just "a drink" for me.  Even if I could have "a drink" what would be the point.  IWNDWYT.
I too drink into oblivion and have been on and off the wagon so many times over the last 3 or 4 years. Your list of things to do different looks pretty good.  One thing that helped me a lot was different hobbies like hiking biking and surfing...good luck...IWNDWYT
I wish you luck indeed there need.  I am only on day 5 myself so I don't know that I can offer much in the way of advice but I certainly relate to what you said.  For me also It always ends up with me drinking myself into oblivion   Each relapse is more frustrating that the last....  Five days ago I was feeling totally helpless and worthless.   I am still amazed that I got thru that first long ass day without drinking.  Actually I will take your advice just for today to help me not to drink.   Good luck to both of us.  
"I'm not addicted to alcohol. I am addicted to getting drunk."..Once I personally realized this is when I stopped the relapse cycle. That statement made it real for me. The true understanding that it will never be just one. It's not the drink that I want it's the drunk. Now I fill my days trying to find out why I want the drunk.
3rd time was a charm for me...and the in between time was CRUCIAL!! I hope the same is true for you. Do you want it more now than before? If the answer to that is no...honestly I would wait to stop until you NEED it. It won't work until then... IF I CAN DO IT YOU CAN TOO!!!
I've finally come to the point where I know that I am a binge drinker.  I can't just have one drink ever.  I know that the best place for me is to not take that first drink ever.  I wish I could be like other people but it's not to be.  I found that taking L-Glutamine has really helped me with alcohol cravings with a bonus of calming down my carb cravings as well.  I don't know if others use it but I'm finding it very helpful here at the beginning.
A combination of AA and The Sinclair Method has been working for me. This is the longest I've gone without drinking. I did AA only for a while but couldn't get into it enough to make a big difference. I was white knuckling it at that time and it didn't take much to knock me off the wagon. 
Hang in there you can do this! We are here for you   
I know exactly how you feel. I have quit drinking probably 15 times in the last two years the longest I've ever made it was 3 months. It's the same with cigarettes for me I quit smoking more times than I can count and here I am right now outside with a burner. Being an addict is so frustrating I feel helpless. 
Dude I feel you I was going weeks without drinking here and there then bam  got super stressed and drank heavy for like a week i live next to a liquor so it was easy.  back to day one. 
I stand with you and send you peace. IWNDWYT 
It's a similar pattern to me before I finally quit. It made me realize that I couldn't moderate alcohol at all but each time I quit I learned a little more. Cheering for you! 
Kudos on coming back to it.  Others nailed it in regards to quitting time and again and coming back around to sobriety so I won't go in to that.  But remember change takes time. Success comes from awareness - of why you want to quit and perseverance - recalling this goal again and again.  If you set that motivation daily hourly whatever and each time come to the firm determination that you have right now... then you'll continue to succeed..Also change is hard and needs patience.  It's great to have a lot of goals but remember if you slip on some of them (meditation exercise journalling) it doesn't mean a complete slip (and reason to quit sobriety).  It's easy in the early weeks and months to let smaller set backs build and kill that perseverance.  Good luck we're rooting for you!
