-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8u2ywm/having_a_moment_where_i_am_struggling/

So I don't really miss alcohol but I miss the fact that my SO and I used to go to the bar and just sit outside with our drinks and smoke cigarettes and just talk about life. The person I used to be when we first got together and when he fell in love with me is so different than the person I am now. I was pretty edgy and punk when we met I was in college and had a cool girl style and attitude and spent nights out at the bars just drinking and having fun. When we got together my drinking became different. I didn't have a problem drinking with my SO when we were hanging out before we started dating but after we started dating when I would drink all of my insecurities made me so dark and awful. My SO used to comment when I first started drinking that I wasn't like that when we drank together as friends I didn't really know how to respond to it. ..For a while I would smoke instead of drinking but now I get anxious and sad every time I do. I am basically straight edge now and I'm not dealing well. My style is not as edgy anymore I work a full time job and most of my energy is in fitness and eating clean. I don't look down on my SO for drinking I only get annoyed on the occasion that he gets a little too drunk...Anyway at lunch the other day we were talking and I apologized for any negative effects that my sobriety may have had on him. He said he wasn't upset and that it didn't affect him badly he just really missed going to bars with me and being able to do that but he has his friend he can do that with so it's okay. I tried to say that we could still go and I just wouldn't drink and he said that was true but it's not the same. ..This may be an instance of me having selective hearing but it has really put me in a rut. I don't want him to feel deprived and I guess I am also now realizing that I am such a different person now. I had my flaws as the person I was before but I felt cool. I felt badass and I still feel that now but more like I am a badass cause I have my shit handled and I workout like a fiend instead of being that bad bitch at the bar. ..I have been thinking about it since Sunday. I have started entertaining thoughts of maybe being able to drink one day and just having one at the bar with him. I honestly don't even want to chance it though. I don't know I just feel like I am somehow less than and it sucks. 
----------immediate responses--------

I think you may be hanging onto this and letting it get to you. My boyfriend still drinks. He went to the bar over the weekend with his friends. I had serious FOMO. But you are different now. Just like I am. It's like you shed a skin of negativity. But now you get to try out different things to do. You can still have a good time with him. Just maybe at a dope little coffee shop rather than a bar. Or sonething you both havent done before. It's just some adjustments that still have to be made. It doesn't make it a bad thing at all. Just some getting used to. Try not to let this bother you. You're just fine   ..I will not drink with you today 
Less in what way? Less than what you were before?
I don't miss it either. But like you I have been tempted by the "scene" or act around it. The warm summer days on a patio with co-workers friends SO. I had so many nice evenings with my SO and friends having a few ____ enjoying each other's company and getting a little tipsy. I know I'm a different person now and I hope she still likes me. :|  ..Whether she does or not though this is the new me. I changed my mind and I'm sorry if she misses "the old me" - but you know what - I miss the "old her" as well.. We've grown together though and the "new us" is better imho. The old "us" is gone. ..I also apologized to my SO for the changes in our lives but that's kind of fucked up maybe - why would I be sorry to her that I've made this choice to not put poison in my body any more? If anything I'm sorry that she still wants to have it. She mentioned once "it would be nice if you could just moderate like I do.." - I am super grateful to her for her support and I love her more than anything but at that moment I could tell she doesn't "GET IT". This is important. Like life or death important. The end of the road I was on doesn't look fun and I refuse to give up everything to see it. I choose to live...Yeah maybe one day we "could" possibly return to moderating if we were so inclined and if we are strong enough. I don't consider the effort and risk to be worth the gain at this time. Anyone who doesn't accept the new me the way I am is strongly encouraged to "take a long walk off a short dock" (as my dad used to say.. lol)...From what you've written here you are not "less than" anything - you said it yourself "I am a badass cause I have my shit handled and I workout like a fiend instead of being that bad bitch at the bar. " - lilmisssuccubus..That's your own words and they sound pretty accurate to me. What's more cool than a badass chick like that? :)
There is a psychology term called the Fading Affect Bias (FAB) that might apply here. It's a mechanism that allows us humans to not focus and dwell on the painful aspects of the past but illuminates the good times. It's a survival mechanism of sorts that helps us push forward as a species and helps us be happier overall. Unfortunately for us in recovery the FAB can backfire. As alcoholics we have a tendency look back at our addiction and romanticize it. We remember the good times and easily forget the misery it created. We miss the good ol' days when we were younger and having fun with alcohol before the darker side of the addiction began to bring us down. It probably doesn't help that you're (active alcoholic?) SO is validating your romantic feelings of your drinking past. You may want to remind yourself of the suffering that alcohol brought into your life. Make a list of the bad things that drinking brought upon you and make a list of the benefits and improvements you have experienced since you quit.    .Out of the thousands of posts I have read here I have never come across a single success story of someone being able to successfully return to drinking after quitting. There are however countless stories of people who thought they could and regretted trying. I would encourage you to type "moderation" and "relapse" into the search bar and read them for yourself.    .It sounds to me like you are maturing moving forward and becoming much healthier. That's pretty badass if you ask me. Would you even truly enjoy going back to the bar after all the progress you have made?
Your post means a lot to me bc I'm going through the same thing except my partner and I are getting sober together so we have each other for support.  But in a way it makes it tough bc we met as drinkers and my drinking really escalated when I met her bc I fell in love so hard and fast with her.  Now we have to get to know each other for who we really are and there are times when I look back with a bit of nostalgia for the passionate alcohol-fueled nights that are fused with falling in love and being wasted.  ..We have both committed to looking out for our own sobriety first full stop.  We can encourage one another and it helps to talk things through but my eyes are on my own sobriety and path to wellness bc I have to be good for myself before I can be good for her.  If your bf doesn't see how badly you need your whole self then that is a conversation you have to have with him bc no night of 'casual' drinking will ever replace your ability to live in freedom with or without him. Thank you for sharing it really helped me.
This resonates with me a ton almost as if I'm handing over my cool badge when making the choice to not spend my life in a bar making myself ill physically mentally emotionally and spiritually.  My insecurities manifesting in the most absurd ways. However when faced the idea that alcohol is responsible for my personality humor and personal style I am able to realize that is absolutely ludicrous.   ..You sound great and your boyfriend is lucky to have you especially in the right frame of mind. ..Blessings these thoughts* too will pass. 
