-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ub8gw/the_illusion_that_you_know_yourself_and_you_think/

I don't post here often enough. This sub has been a big help since the beginning of my journey into sobriety. I read many posts by newcomers and others who are early in their sobriety or struggling to find their footing and it reminds me of my early days. I thought that sobriety might work for others but I knew myself and I knew that a life of sobriety for me would be torturously boring. I just knew that it would be this constant longing for something within reach but I would have to deny myself that desire on a minute by minute basis. I thought I knew myself. I thought I knew how it would be for me. Because I know myself so well. We all do right? Wrong...Your imagined sober future will likely not even be close to the reality. You will see yourself in a whole new light when you are seeing yourself through sober eyes. At 2 1/2 years in not only do I not long for a drink minute by minute I actually have nightmares about every being that old version of me. It is like I was under a spell and prolonged sobriety broke the spell. I'm glad I got out alive (my best friend of over 25 years did not). My wife and children are happy I broke the spell. I did not know myself at all. All of my assumptions were wrong. Happily so... I wish the same for all of you!
----------immediate responses--------

My sober reality far exceeds my alcohol-clouded projections about what it would be!
Thank you!  Although I don't have the length of time sober that you do I have found that I do not miss drinking at all.  I am hoping that I will now be the husband/Dad that I wanted to be and my family deserves.  I wish you the best!
Thank you for sharing!.I'm also afraid that I will miss the alcohol and start craving..However so far my experience is absolutely the opposite of what I expected of sober me..So yep you are right we don't know our sober us. 
I love that " under the spell" analogy because it sums it up for me completely. I've been wanting to end drinking for awhile now but the spell and illusion was so familiar it was easy to stay under. ..Honestly I'm so much happier with this person and I've accepted it will be uncomfortable and at times unfamiliar but I've also accepted I DO NOT want to live my life under spells and illusions anymore more. 
totally agree it's like finally waking up from a long long dream/nightmare. damn - being sober is the best thing I have ever done - bar none for sure. (where does that expression come from - "bar none"?)
Good reading. Thank yu. 
