-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8udodb/180_days_later/

I am so glad I made this choice and found this sub. It has been a journey good bad ugly at times amazing at times lonely boring fun enlightening exciting surprising educational easy at times struggle at other time oh wait this sounds like life. Imade this desicion back in October 2017 to myself and no one else I went to see a doctor and told him my plans he set me up with some meds to cope with the withdrawls and for the cravings I am so glad I went that route it was a big help made it a little easier and I am all about that. Starting lurking this sub early December reading and reading it seemed like a great community and god it was and is it has been with me everyday since I started. I don't post alot I check in each day and read some this is how my sober works starting the day front and center. ..Is my life better without alcohol and mind altering things YES IT IS. I feel so free each and everyday no worries about what drunk me did or said the day or night before no hangovers no excuses for not being able to do things I need to get done more money more self respect better home life happier wife I think the dog likes it but hard to tell with her she loves me unconditionally eating better taking better care of myself overall. Now I did not get all the wonderful things I read about like better skin weight loss better hair crazy workout energy etc. Anyway just wanted to share my little milestone with you all...Thank you all for being here with your support your strengths your weaknesses your truths your kindness you just being you...One Day at a Time is how this works for me I can do that.. PEACE PEOPLE AND LOVE..Maddog out. 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT  
Congrats on 180 Maddog!
Congrats on 180 Maddog! I can't wait to join you in the 6 month + club soon. And though your dog probably loved you beyond measure when you were a drunk s/he probably somehow loves you even more now. Dogs are awesome that way. :)
Congrats. Super close to six months.
Congrats maddog! I'm right there with ya! Peace and love back atcha!
