-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ufj9m/ive_been_doing_birthdays_wrong_for_10_years/

I turned 28 today. I had to work until 5:30 but afterwards I treated myself to a pizza and a couple of kombuchas had a long phone call with my boyfriend who is out of town for work and got my old couch hauled off by a super sweet young couple with a baby who looked appreciative to have it. (I'm getting a nice brand new one tomorrow as a gift from my sweet grandma for a birthday gift.) If I was still drinking I would have taken the opportunity to get absolutely hammered (probably alone. I don't have many friends in my town and my birthday dinner plans happened over the weekend)...either feeling slightly embarrassed when the couple came to get the couch and I was half-drunk trying to help the guy down the stairs with it \*or\* getting irritated and impatient waiting for them to hurry up and get it out because they were running later than we had planned...then I would proceed to drink copious amounts of alcohol probably have embarrassing conversations on Facebook or through drunk dials maybe cry about getting old...and inevitably wake up with a horrible hangover to go furniture shopping bright and early tomorrow morning. Sweating out the booze in 100 degree Kentucky heat. Grosssss.  ...On my 27th birthday I had decided to quit drinking (again--this has actually been a 2 year+ journey for me so far lots of day 1's) and made it a few weeks until I got invited to a bonfire at a friends' house who I don't get to see much because of distance. I had already told these friends I quit drinking and they didn't pressure me or anything but it seemed pretty obvious that a birthday weekend was a great reason to "take a day off" from sobriety so I did. I probably drank 20 or so beers that night. I really have no idea. I felt horrible and anxious the next day so I got some vodka to stave off the hangover and I'm sure you guys can see where this is going...it took me until April 14th (my current sobriety date) to get sober again. I don't think I lasted more than 2 days in that 10 months. I have definitely taken something huge from that relapse in that I know I can \*never\* just take a day off or drink on a special occasion. It's just not how things work for me and I would imagine most of you can relate. I'm super grateful to have the clarity to see that now and that I haven't felt any real temptation to drink on this birthday.  ...My day has been pretty dull as far as birthdays go but my point is that getting sober has allowed me to take even the boring simple moments and appreciate them in the big picture. I've gotten so many birthday wishes and I honestly feel so special and grateful that so many people have taken time out of their day to think of me and wish me a good day. I don't remember ever feeling appreciative of that before. Or of randomly meeting a couple of nice strangers and having a good conversation with them and getting to talk to and hold their baby for a minute (surprise baby cuddles are def hard to beat!) Feeling good about helping someone else who is just starting out from scratch and trying to rebuild their life. Even through PAWS symptoms and bad days I feel 100&amp;#37; better than I did while I was numbing myself constantly with booze. I'm so full of gratitude that I've been able to get sober and for the support I've gotten here and from the recovery community in general. Thanks for being there SD! 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy birthday and congrats on staying strong. Sometimes a little bit of boredom can be fun and is worth it. 
Happy birthday! What a wonderful hope filled post! Thank you so much for sharing your positivity IWNDWYT!
Thanks for sharing! I was anticipating my first sober birthday ( July 2) so much. I've had relapses lastly and I kept denying that   a day off   wasn't working for me. ..Your post gave me the little extra push  I needed tonight. 
Awesome Millie!!! HaPpY BiRtHdAy    
It's amazing to feel present enough to notice small acts of kindness. I definitely relate to your zig-zag journey to sobriety. Happy birthday! I'm glad you had a "dull" day. :)
