-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ugb50/one_year_today_reflecting_on_a_decade_of_alcohol/

Today marks one year sober for me. I had meant to tell my story at 100 days then 200. Now I figure I might as well. Wall of text incoming...I didn't think I was an alcoholic. I was a successful student who got no DUIs or committed other crimes due to alcohol. I didn't drink \*that\* much. But my drinking was not healthy. I knew the signs at first; my mother's father died of among other things alcoholism 20 years before I was born. I lived with my grandfather who was a raging alcoholic (though he'd cut back by the time I lived with him). I heard stories of him being glassy eyed at dinner then go up to his room and you'd hear the thud of him passing out. My father told the story of cleaning dog piss off the couch when it was actually his father's. I saw him drink glass of wine after glass then a beer every day at 4pm. My mother's caretakers would document their time and made note of how much he was drinking. Then he developed pulmonary fibrosis and entered hospice. He was never able to tell us how much pain he was in my mother thought it might have been the booze. Of course as a curious teen I snuck wine and stuff from my grandfather's boxes (they'd never know) and I remember being able to handle quite a bit and feel fine which I knew was a risk factor for alcoholism. I was into punk at the time and the straight-edge lifestyle appealed to me. I decided that for the history of alcoholism in my family and my experiences at home I wouldn't drink. ..I didn't drink through much of freshman year of college. I found a group of people who themselves were sober. Then I met my first serious boyfriend. I fell hard and wante d to do things with him. There wasn't really any discussion but one day he poured me a drink and we hung out with his friends. I was responsible and with my tolerance I often was the one who made sure all the drunk people were ok. I decided that I'd allow myself to drink in college but I'd stop afterwards and be sober. Sophomore year me and my sober friends along with some others signed up to live on a substance-free hall. By the end of that year I think everyone was drinking though for the most part we respected the rules of the hall. I broke up with my first boyfriend and started dating another guy who didn't drink. He had a rough home life including a father who drank a lot. He told me if I ever drank he'd break up with me. I was fine with that but I grew resentful that he had completely dismissed any idea of giving up meat for me (I'm vegetarian and I didn't care if he ate meat) by saying "but I eat it every day." Soon it became "Have a beer Proto we won't tell." ..I graduated college and entered grad school. I moved to a different city than my SO and was excited by the freedom to have beer in my fridge without worrying about what he thought. My parents helped me move and for the first time I lived alone. The first thing I did was close all the blinds and walk around naked haha. Second was get dressed and go to the store for booze. I got a minikeg of Heineken and probably drank half of it that first day. Over the course of the first year of school things got difficult with my boyfriend and at times I was drinking just to spite him. I could tell that I was probably drinking too much but it became tied to my independence. Sometimes I'd show up to teach a lab hungover and decide I wasn't going to do that again then ended up drinking again that night. It didn't help that grad school was stressful and I wasn't happy with my decision to do it. I think this was the first time I started to lose control and I remember being proud of myself the first night I was able to go to bed sober. ..So after a tumultuous few months my boyfriend and I broke up (that's another story). I was devastated as at the time I thought we were going to end up married. I wasn't able to eat for a few days but I also wasn't drinking. I think I managed to stay sober for about 4 months aside from a glass of wine at Christmas dinner. I just didn't have to prove my independence to anyone. Then it was St. Patrick's Day and my friends and I went to a bar. People were drinking pitchers of green beer by themselves I figured I'd join in on the fun (though I stuck to Guinness and Jameson).  I thought I was moderating well and so I wasn't worried. ..I think I spent the next six years struggling without knowing. It was a balancing act that I always tipped. I'd have 3-4 beers on the weekend then 6. I developed a penchent for craft beer and wanted to try everything. I'd go to the store for groceries and since I was there I'd run by the alcohol aisle and see this craft I'd never tried. I'd drink one with dinner on a weeknight then two. Then one day I'd be stressed out from work and endup finishing a six pack. Go in hungover the next day and promise I'd never do that again. I cut back then gradually worked my way up again. By this time I'd entered medical school and was in my clinical years. Sometimes I'd ask my patients how much alcohol they drank and these people with all these medical conditions would say less than I was. But it was ok because it wasn't after college or grad school but I'd quit drinking when I graduated med school. From my schooling I knew I was a heavy drinker and even had concerns when I took Tylenol for headache but at the time I thought I was ok. ..Things got bad my fourth year of med school. Stress of applying for residencies compounded with doing audition rotations I needed to do well on. I moved in with my uncle for a while and wouldn't you know there was a trendy bar a few doors down. It was like living the life: work all day then come home to your personal watering hole. I got to know the bartenders who would serve me their latest crafts and food as I studied. Then I'd go in the next morning and sometiems barely be able to keep my eyes open. I thought it was normal as this was a busy time med students are supposed to be exhausted. On more than one occasion I was hungover as fuck but I said everyone has bad days. Then one time after I'd been busy and hadn't been drinking much I went to a workout with my workout club that I hadn't been able to see for a while. As custom we went out for a beer after the workout (we were health nuts amirite?) and I had a liter. Then I think I had a beer at the bar on my way home waiting for the ferry. Then a big fosters on the ferry. I ended up puking all over my uncle's bathroom but in my drunken state I thought I cleaned it up. Nope he said it looked awful to the point of him giving his cleaner an extra $20 to clean it. I felt awful but was able to convince him I was just feeling sick. I don't know if he believed me. My interview season was not going as I had hoped and I was depressed which lead to more drinking to escape I think. It was the only thing I had that kept the anxiety down. ..I made some New Years resolutions that year which included cutting back on the drinking (now that I remember I made resolutions in 2011 and 2012 to quit entirely but obviously did not lol). For a month I did really well maybe had 12 drinks the entire month. Then I started a rotation that ended up being a twice per week thing. All this time on my hands no real responsibility as applications were in (just gotta pass) and I started drinking more. By March I was back to binging on weekends. I did match neurosurgery but it was my second to last choice. I was a bit disappointed but could have been worse so I drank quite a bit Match week in celebration (big snow storm work was mostly cancelled that week). Now that I was matched no worries about anything and I continued to drink quite a bit. ..After I'd finished my rotations I had a month off. My current boyfriend and I were (and are) long distance and I decided to spend the month with him. On some level I knew I had been really going hard the past few months and so I had planned on not drinking while I was with him and I told him as much. That lasted a week before I went to the store and found tons of new beers and hard sodas to try. I didn't want to disappoint him so naturally I hid my drinking from him. He'd go to work in the morning and I'd go to the gym study for a bit then spend the afternoon cleaning his house and playing video games while drinking. I knew around when he'd get home so I knew to take out the bottles or hide them in the basement. But I wasn't hiding my drinking right? Just didn't want to disappoint him because I said I wouldn't. ..After that month I went to stay with another uncle of mine while I searched for places to live during residency. He had an office party where he bought a lot of wine and beer. I helped out his party and was sipping on a drink. Then I went off to read or play video games continuing to drink. By midnight I realized that I had probably 14 beers in my room. Oops. I was pretty hungover the next day but I thought I cleaned up and hid it well. ..I went home to my parents' house after I'd found an apt and done some onboarding stuff. Alcohol had always been a touchy subject in my house and my brother and I never overtly let my parents know we were drinking (especially when I was underage). I figured I'd be ok to keep a six pack in the rerigerator but when I finished it in one night my mother got on me. It was ok I was on vacation and she mentioned that as well. So naturally I began hiding my booze again. Around this time I started feeling the weight of my alcohol use. I went to visit my old music teacher a bit hungover. She was getting older and her health was not as good as it once was. I remember thinking "she knew me when I was 10 what would she think of me if she knew I was hungover?" I may have teared up a bit. I think this was the beginning of the turning point for me. ..After this I moved into my new apt. As was my tradition after the move and everyone left I went and got a sampler pack of beer and drank in celebration. I was Skyping with my boyfriend and something came up. It was a stupid argument but unfortuantely I was drunker than I thought I was. We got in a huge fight. In my drunken state I just wanted to let him know I wasn't happy with what he did and I just couldn't let it go. We talked the next day I was hungover as fuck and he told me he was very hurt. He said I was so aggressive with my anger and I called him some very nasty things. I mentioned I was hungover and he was like "oh so you were drunk." This was the first thing that led to my sobriety. ..As part of my orientation we had a presentation from one of the addiction specialists about substance abuse by physicians. I dismissed it as one of the dumb things we had to do. Yeah yeah if your collegue shows up drunk report that shit blah blah. Then at the end he opened up and said he wished he got help when he needed it. That kind of changed my tune. I remembered how the past few months had been and how I dismissed it as me being without responsibility and I wouldn't do this forever. I could see I was following the path where I'd be the woman standing in front of a group of entering residents telling them my story and I didn't want that. ..Then around the same time I was browsing reddit and came across a post by a guy who had quit drinking a few months prior. One of the things he mentioned was that he thought he was a "functional alcoholic" but in the time since he quit his boss had told him that it was like he was on super mode. I thought back to all the times I probably wasn't functioning at my best and that maybe I was kidding myself. I remembered how I was always able to run farther and faster when I hadn't been drinking. ..All of this together led me to remember what I'd said ten years ago that one day I'd stop drinking. And I realized that now was the time. So I decided to stop that day. Then I found this interesting IPA at the store so I said "tomorrow." Then I found some stout that called my name. Finally my new program director had a picnic for the new class. I decided that I'd have alcohol if there was some otherwise it would be day one. Sure enough he did not serve any alcohol at his picnic. That was one year ago today. ..This past year has been great in some ways but not amazing. I don't think I ever had strong cravings to go back to alcohol it's just in the back of my mind. I'm sure it would be nice to be able to get a nice buzz but I keep thinking of all the headaches and hangovers the loss of productivity the fatigue and I tell myself it's better to not drink. My mood is much better and I no longer take antidepressant substances. Waking up early is so much easier and I get much more work done. I feel smarter as well. But there's no "great" feelings after the first few weeks. Once the initial relaxation and increased energy wore off I was thinking "is this it?" I think this might be why it's hard to stay sober for some people. ..About a month into my sobriety my mother texted me. She was on vacation with my family and wanted to check in. At one point she said she was really worried about my drinking. I had hoped to quietly quit due to the embarassment of letting myself get to the point where I thought I needed to but I texted back "I stopped." She seemed so relieved. Apparently the uncles I lived with said they were concerned about how much I was drinking when I was with them. Apparently I wasn't hiding it as well as I thought. But now I don't have to do that and it is so relieving. ..In the past year I've heard some stories. One of my senior residents told me once that he was working a few nights then had a day off before having clinic. He told me he'd probably be hungover in clinic. I thought that was a stupid thing to think then I realized I could have been that person. Another time one of my attendings said he worked NYE and the person who was supposed to come on after him apparently didn't realize he was and had done some "partying" the night before and was not in condition to work. I do like knowing I won't have that happen to me. And just the other weekend one of the transitional interns in our medicine program was sent to the ER with alcohol poisoning from the end of year party. They're not lying when they say physicians have a problem with substances. ..**TL;DR:** IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Wow this is a great story and thanks so much for sharing.  I'm glad you quit before you had any issues with work or your health.  
This was almost my exact experience in law school. And at day 28 this is highly encouraging. Thank you I will not drink with you today! 
Big Congratulations on your one Year of Sobriety!!      .  I can really relate to your story as I work with patients in the mental health field.  This horrible disease doesn't discriminate. Best Wishes. .IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing your story and congrats on your 1-year milestone - I'm right behind ya don't let me catch you up!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thank you for your story and congratulations with your year of sobriety!
Congratulations on your year of sobriety. You rock! 
Thank you so much for sharing. Lawyer here. It's rampant in our profession too and your story really resonated with me. I have struggled with drinking for years but law school is where things started to really get bad. I just found this sub and am working on day four. I hope a year from now I can be sharing my story too. 
My sister in law is a doctor. She said it's not uncommon to come home use booze as a short cut to unwind then gradually tolerance goes up and then you NEED it to unwind. Well you know the rest.  Thanks for sharing and congrats on one year. I won't drink with you today.
One Year! Way to go Proto! 
Congratulations on your daily success.  ...Thanks for sharing your story with us.
Congrats on making it 
