-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ui9as/transitions_from_the_could_have_lost_to_the_have/

It's been 38 days since I finally laid up the bottle. On Monday I was at an AA meeting where I celebrated and received [this testament to my accomplishment](https://imgur.com/yyNFaHr). Without exaggerating its reception felt right in every possible way...So far I've begun feeling thankful for the blessings I have in my life - and there are many more than I can count. I was blind to them and in fact I even resented some of them during my drinking period. It's unbelievably tragic what  alcoholism does to a person's mind and soul. Everything is turned on its head and I being filled with depression anxiety and self-loathing couldn't fathom how I deserved anything good in life. I fled pain sure... but I also fled joy and happiness. I was on a warpath to total and complete apathy and I was desperately seeking the void in a misconceived attempt at finding sanctuary. This was my life for the last two and a half years... this and nearly nothing else...Some of you might remember my earlier posts; the ones oozing with pain and despondency. I think that maybe the times I was filled with absolute agony were in a sense the clearest. Finally I could hear in these precious moments the cries of the actual human being inside me; the man I wanted so deeply to be. Only when the layers of self-deception were shredded by the overwhelming dissonance I felt the morning after at least toward the end what this poison was doing to me... not only to my body but to *me;* my soul. And not only when I was drunk but to my entire sense of self...One of the themes I had at an AA meeting once was "saying goodbye to your old self." For me it was never about that. I was happy to leave behind the demon that took me over and if party-loving me was his accomplice then he had to go to. It was always more about reclaiming my true identity and continuing to pursue the ideals that I had always held in high regard...This period has been liberating. For the first time I've felt that maybe I'm actually a good person. Being honest with yourself isn't just about acknowledging your weaknesses and shortcomings it's also about acknowledging your strengths and virtues. With alcohol I was blind to them all. Now I can work on my flaws and cultivate my strengths unfettered by the murky haze my alcoholism brought down on my life. That ability is a direct consequence of becoming sober...All this being said I thought I'd met my bottom. I began rebuilding on shaky foundations unsure if I would make it... unsure if I *deserved* to make it. But with this newfound conviction and a little faith I began gathering the debris from the wreckage and rebuild. However in the middle of this process a girl I love very deeply ended our relationship. This Tuesday she finally proclaimed it to me: we were *truly* over - not just on a break while I recompiled myself. I had been afraid of this... terrified actually. I worried that she couldn't forgive me for my transgressions for the times I hadn't shown her how I much I loved her for the times I didn't spend with her when I should have and for the times I couldn't see her for the beautiful thing she was through the darkness that engulfed me. I had taken her for granted the entire year we were together and I had hurt her through negligence and self-destruction. She had patiently waited for me to figure it out waited for me to be the man I should have been - the one she knew I could be. I had fled from my feelings for her but as soon as I took this crucial step and began the process of becoming honest a tidal wave of emotions rushed over me and I realized almost in an instant how much I loved her. I realized this among many other things... and I've tried to share my reflections and experiences with her this last month. Alas though as I discovered it was too late...I looked into her eyes and I saw that she had measured me and found me inadequate. I had failed her too many times and the pain behind her eyes had been replaced with indifference. She said that now that I had been gone for some time she had discovered she was more happy...What a failure I was... how could I have been so small and so blind? At least I thought she *was* happy. I told her that too; that I wanted so deeply to make everything right but given that I will not get that chance I can at least let her go with dignity. I told her that I loved her and that I wanted all the good things in the world to come to her and that she never again has to endure the trials she faced in our relationship. I told her these things and I meant them... but on the inside something collapsed for a moment...I wondered if I would ever amount to anything but debris - debris that was still falling from the sky it seemed. In my selfishness I had ruined a rare kind of love that I never even got the chance to appreciate. As this dawned on me the familiar darkness that I haven't felt in over a month began seeping into me. It gripped me like it had never been gone. The self-loathing the existential dread the depression all of it. It shook the shaky foundations I stood on and I tumbled. For a few hours it felt like I was back to square one and I struggled to see the point of anything... but in the end I fought back. I wouldn't go back. Never...It took me some hours but I was able to call out the lies. It hurts so freaking much but I will never again sacrifice my spirit for temporary relief. It isn't worth it and even though I fear I've lost something irreplaceable I'm pushing through it. I could have lost even more if I continued. I'm 24 years old healthy have a stable job and a wonderful family. I could have lost so so much more... I just wish sometimes that I'd have seen it all earlier and that this girl was still on the list of things that could have been and not were lost. But who knows... maybe she played an important part of my awakening process... maybe she was a kind the angel of grace I needed in my life...All I know is this: nothing ever is made better with a drink...TL;DR: I relapsed emotionally for a few hours but I made it through without alcohol. I stood (and am still standing) in it and I won't let it dominate me. However witnessing something go from "Could Have Lost" to "Have Lost" so clearly before me rattled me... but I'm choosing to learn from it. Or at least trying to...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting Amazing ... what we learn once our eyes and mind are freed up from clutches of alcohol. ..IWNDWYT  
Powerful!  Congratulations on your Sober Progress!
Amazing post incredible strength! We are here for you and appreciate the strength you give us through your story! Thank you IWNDWYT 
This would have been a very easy situation to use to drink to numb the pain. Incredibly well done on not giving in.
". maybe she played an important part of my awakening process...".This is exactly what I was thinking right before I read the line.  You are really really young kid.  Kudos getting off the booze at this young age.  You have your whole life ahead of you.  I wish I quit at your age.  I'm 55.  No big drama but a million little decisions puts one on a path.  I say congratulations to you!  IWNdWYT 
That writing on the badge in a different language .. what are those words! 
Enjoy! 
