-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8um468/i_screwed_it_all_up_25_year_old/

If you have the patience to read my story it would mean the world to me.  I will try to be as short as possible. Basically I have had panic disorder and anxiety with agoraphobia for many years. Never did anything about it until it got worst lets say 5-6 years ago. Went to college started drinking and as you can imagine the 2-3 beers that calmed my anxiety increased to larger amounts.Tolerance was relatively low as I wasn't a drinker at all before turning 20 but yes it took the edge off so there it began. Drinking daily in college for around 3 good years not a huge amount as mentioned earlier due to low tolerance. ..Then 3 years ago when the alcool got out of control I was dealing with three problems (anxiety alcohol and panic attacks) and I had to seek help. Started having withdrawals and going back home to my parents from university I couldn't hide my drinking easily. I got he courage to tell my mother and I was put in Xanax and fluoxetine. It worked I stopped drinking for 2 years. Took Xanax as needed for my panic attacks. Even though it's not meant for long term it helped quit a lot. Move abroad for an internship experience didn't drink one drop. Surrounded by a lot of drinkers and young people having a good time I resisted amazingly and did a lot of things that I never imagined without drinking such as stadiums. Crowds subway. However I lost all contact with friends I felt isolated as a non drinker my age ..Then a year ago I moved to a new place all alone quite difficult and then yes started drinking again to be more sociable go out and have a good time. And here I am again with huge daily alcohol consumption especially recently. I know loneliness has had a major impact on this I am an only child as well but I can't believe I am back to where I was 3 years ago. I can manage to stop for 2 or 3 days but then start again. It's all back the vomits the headaches the memory loss you name it. ..I feel because I am used to living in my own world of anxiety drinking and loneliness I can't even socialize probably anymore ..Please share your experiences if similar I'm only 25 this is horrible. I believe the alcohol is also increasing my depression and sadness even though it takes the edge of for a couple of hours.  Can this relapse be cured easily? Should I see a professional? I can't go through the pain of telling my parents again ..If you managed to read this thank you. .
----------immediate responses--------

Dont be ashamed. This has happened to thousands of us here in this sub. Booze is directly correlated to anxiety and depression. Find habits to replace your drinking habit. The devil makes work for idol hands my friend. also read This Naked Mind or get the audio book its life changing. Hang in there bud. 
Hey Daniel glad you're here...My two cents:..&gt;I stopped drinking for 2 years..And that's awesome. You were sober once and you'll do it again...&gt;Can this relapse be cured easily? ..Personally I don't think this can be *cured easily*; I do however believe that you can absolutely *recover* if you once again put in the work to get and maintain sobriety...The one thing that's easy about sobriety? Not picking up the first drink...&gt;Should I see a professional? ..I think this is a fantastic idea! In my experience being honest with my doctors and therapist was the gateway to establishing a healthy safe recovery plan...Do you have any particular path to recovery in place? Anything we can do to help?.
"I believe the alcohol is also increasing my depression and sadness".That's because it does.  It is a depressant.  The good news is that you are only 25.  It's great that you are here now jumping on the sober train. In your story I read that you had a lot of success not drinking for a good long while under a lot of pressure.  You can do this again. I bet your parents would be grateful that you confided in them and eager to help you in any way they can.  It might just take a load off of your back too.  I think talking to a professional sounds like a great idea.  Most people need tools like AA therapy Smart Recovery etc....It's too hard to go alone.  The other thing I learned is that stopping drinking is step one.  Then the hard work comes in which is changing the stinking thinking.  Best of luck.  I hope you come back and tell us how it is going.  IWNDWYT
There is no shame in admitting defeat in this situation and asking for help. The are plenty of professionals that can help the dual-diagnosed individual. I would not try to work through on my own if I were in your shoes.
[removed]
I am also 25 I have read your story. I understand the social aspect of wanting to drink it is a crutch and I didn't even really know what that meant until I had been sober for a year. As you said you started drinking to have a good time but we both know it doesn't lead to good times. You asked if you should see a professional and I say it is the best thing to do in these situations get help from someone who knows what they are doing. A relapse can be cured the same as any other one day at a time. You do have the power to get control of this I think it is important to remember that. You went 2 years sober that is an incredible achievement and you are capable of doing it again. One day at a time same as all of us on here.
Hey also 25 here. On one hand it sucks to find myself here at just 25... everything seems to revolve around alcohol at our age. But the upside about being here at our age is that we get to stop now we get a chance earlier than a lot of people do...Stay strong you can come back from this. ..Iwndwyt 
I think seeing a professional is probably the way to go. This is just my opinion of course. Have you heard of naltrexone? You can take it before you drink and it prevents binges for most people. This way you can still drink but it would be controlled if the therapy works the way it's supposed to and you stick to it by taking the pill every time before you drink...See a professional and mention the Sinclair Method. Google it yourself as well if you are not familiar with it...The reason I recommend this is it is going to be extremely hard for you to quit given your situation. So I advocate harm reduction...This still leaves the issue of your anxiety. Again a medical professional can help with this specifically a psychiatrist...I've sober nearly 6 years and have worked in the treatment industry for 5 of them. I've seen a lot of what mostly doesn't work. That's why I'm not recommending any of those things.
I'm proud of you for posting. You remind me of myself but with the courage to seek help. I know anxiety better than I know the back of my hand. Deep breaths and keep going.
Hey what's up buddy. I'm 27 and this time I started off going to a counselor for about the first month or two and going to some AA meetings. I feel like that accountability of having a scheduled appointment with the counselor helped me quite a bit in the beginning.  He also offered a group I attended once a week. I did not like the thought of going to AA at all but I started to dabble in some AA meetings and I found an awesome men's AA meeting that I attend weekly.  I love it. I don't miss it. (I need to go to more meetings than I am at the moment honestly.) It was weird and a little awkward at first being so young in age and in sobriety in a room filled mostly with older guys some having 20-30+ years sobriety. I kept going got a sponsor who's story is similar to mine and we're close in age so that helps.  A lot of those guys in there have kind of taken me under their wing and are watching me.  It's a bunch of men I barely know but I can tell they care about me.  There is so much wisdom and fellowship.  It's awesome. It is the most uncomfortable yet safe I have ever felt. Just the thought of even missing that meeting gives me anxiety let alone the thought of relapsing and having to go face that room. Having to be accountable has really helped me here in the early stages.  This is the longest I've been sober since I was probably 16.  It's okay to be vulnerable and let someone help you.  Long story short I feel the accountability has really helped me here early on.  I hope you can get something out of this rambling! Good luck to you friend! You're not alone. ..IWNDWYT.
Hey I can definitely identify with a lot of your experiences. I am 25 myself and have in the last few years been dealing with a lot of anxiety and panic on top of the chronic inability to stop drinking. ..I had a similar pattern of off it for a few days and then back on it I was a binge drinker myself I would even go one or two weeks (trying very hard for my health's sake) and then drink for one or two days and end up shaking and throwing up for hours with a three day hangover. .."can this relapse be cured easily" - that is a relative question I am afraid the likely answer is no but it can be cure. If you have a cycle of behavior around drinking or thought patterns around it you should try to break it somehow that is what helped me. It was very hard to do but it can be done..."see a professional" -that is also up to you and if you feel you need it. It could definitely help to get a therapist but my advise is make sure you get one who actually understands alcoholism personally as opposed to ones that are just educated at university about it and have no fucking clue what they are talking about. ..as for telling your parents I always find that rigorous honesty gives me the best possible shot at maintaining sobriety. If you think its best to hide things and you do get it under control more power to you but if you don't the reality of the situation will come out eventually and perhaps your parents can give you extra resources. If their disappointment will hurt you more than they might offer help then not telling them is probably the right move in the short run. ..I wish you luck man I know exactly what it feels like to be stuck in the cycle and to feel like your in the same place you were in the past in a loop of self harm and ever mounting disappointment and fear in ones heart. There is no easy answer but break the cycle and stop drinking at any cost. Once you do don't drink there was an older guy in AA who used to say this once almost every meeting "Don't drink and don't drink even if your ass falls off". I didn't really understand what it meant at first other than literally don't drink but over time i understood the point. There is no problem no matter how large that alcohol cant make worse whether its money kinship the day to day shitty emotions of being a human etc. Even if the sky if falling in your life don't drink. It will not and cannot help. ..I hope you can stop my friend. I am rooting for you. Try finding a young peoples AA group near you maybe those have always been my greatest shield against the beast in early sobriety. 
