-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8upocs/concerned_husband/

My wife is drinking again and it's my fault. I brought alcohol into our family because I grossly underestimated alcoholism and my wife's problems with it. I am hating myself more and more with each passing moment and I don't know how I'm going to get through this one...Some backstory:..My wife grew up in an abusive home where her mother used to attempt suicide fairly regularly and blame her actions on her husband and her kids -my wife included. Later in life my wife turned to pot and drinking as young as 14 to my knowledge and depended on them I'm sure as a form of self-medication. Fast forward years later my wife met a man who got her pregnant with her first child and they ended up fast-tracking a marriage to save face with the pregnancy (her dad was/is a Lutheran minister.).This man turned out to be physically and mentally abusive getting my wife into meth and other drugs. He nearly killed her one night in a rage and that's why my wife moved down to Florida where she met me. ..She was sober after this and in Al-Anonymous which actually helped her immensely. ..Slowly though she stopped going to AA so after nearly a year of being sober on her own willpower I foolishly assumed that she must have been struggling with alcoholism simply from her bad surroundings and moving must have done the trick to help her...I started having days where we would grill and get a 6-pack of beer and we'd share 3 each. That has since escalated into her polishing off a bottle of wine alone and insisting she isn't drunk...She has told me everything in the world lately that she could to hurt me including that she wants another man who has similar interests as her and that we are simply incompatible. I know that she really only wants a man who will support her alcoholism but there is nothing I can do...As of recently her mom and dad are finally getting a divorce and that is really getting to her so the drinking is increasing...I have three children with my wife. One biological son and two of my wife's daughters that I've been a daddy to ever since they were very young so they know no one else..My wife now wants to divorce me over alcohol. She says she doesn't love me anymore and that I annoy her because I've tried to convince her to get back into sobriety. I've been reading and now it's my understanding that this is something you shouldn't ever attempt because it only drives your loved one away but it's too late now...I love my wife and children more than I ever thought I had the capacity to love another person. I don't want to split our family apart especially when their mother (who would end up with the kids half the time) would be drunk with our children. I don't know how to convince her that is ending the relationship wouldn't help matters and that she should sober up for a while before she makes irrational and rash decisions...I'm not sure why I posted this here but thank you if you bothered to read it.
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe you're dealing with depression rather than alcoholism?..It's manifesting in drinking but it's a symptom of an underlying problem in your relationship.  She might want out of the marriage but sober can't so she's drinking to self-medicate...She needs counselling and a good deal of talking to find out what she wants I'd guess?
I am so sorry to hear what you are going through.  My prayers are with you.  I have not been sober long.  I have tried to blame other people for my drinking and come up with excuses as to why I need to drink.  The bottom line for me - It's no ones fault but my own.  I am slowly learning that I am worth it.  Alcoholism is so hard to understand.  Keep posting and keep reading.  
May I suggest an Alanon meeting for yourself? It could arm you with facts and tools to deal with an alcoholic wife. Or ex-wife for that matter. Sending positive vibes your way. 
&gt;My wife is drinking again and it's my fault...This is not how alcoholism works. This subreddit is for people who want to control or stop their drinking. I didn't see from your post that you have an issue with drinking so I would suggest checking out r/alanon or other in-person resources such as a counselor for help. I'm sorry you are having a hard time good luck to you.
substance abuse makes people say things they don't mean especially when you are trying to get in the way of that substance.   You could ask her to do counseling before anything is final.  I wish there was a magic button to fix these kind of problems.  
