-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8urm7q/my_relationship_is_breaking_down/

Hi All - it's been a while.  I'm sorry to vent but I don't know who to turn to it's going to be long but I'm really hoping someone can relate to me at the moment...So sober 260 days - 1 'slip' in May which I'm not focusing on as 259/260 is decent going.  ..Things in the most part have been going very well:..-Highest performer at work .-My telephone anxiety has completely gone and I handle problems like a pro.- Finances aren't in the black yet but my credits good again and I'm in control.-Lost a stone (it didn't come off as easily as last time!) and starting the see abs again 11lbs until I hit my 'perfect' weight.-Have decided to make a career move and start my own business doing something i am passionate about and have booked myself onto the training course.-Have become a reliable go to for my friends who now days all call me on a daily basis where I used to speak to them monthly.-I bought a few beauty treats and some clothes with the money i saved.-Am now comfortable being sober and don't give it any thought.-Overall feeling quite good organised and clear headed.-Have been to 2 Tony Robbins events which have been very good and motivating and instrumental in pushing me to implement my retirement plan early..But my relationship is in f@cking tatters.  I just don't know what to do and its making me ill.  My partner makes comments about my work all the time undermining it because it isn't my own business (he has his own now which I have supported him in frequently).  He says he can see how stressed it is making me - I earn top end    as territory sales and feel a lot of pride and enjoyment doing what I do it can be stressful but I really enjoy the challenge.. I have bad psoriasis at the moment which has spread to my face I only get this when really stressed but I honestly believe its my relationship not my work that's doing it.  Today he has left to be away for the next two days and we are not speaking (again).  Last night I just sat on my own for two hours wondering what the hell I should do.  I've been feeling so lonely I've cried myself to sleep a lot this past month.  I keep resolving to try and make it better each morning and start by trying to do all the things he says that he needs (affection affirmation etc tbh they don't come naturally to me) then something happens and I just wonder why I'm bothering and stop...So I'll get to the point and of course there are two sides to every story and I can only truly represent my own feelings accurately....I guess the first issue is with me - I feel SO much resentment.  I feel like any time he has voiced an issue with something I do or shown that I am hurting him with my actions I take steps to change drinking weight (confidence causing issues) making sure I make enough time for him if he is upset about anything or struggling with technical/work/home stuff I drop everything and i am there with bells on and do everything to help him put it right...I feel like I have no support no contribution from him am belittled when around other people and we aren't a team in fact it's like we are competitors or rivals!  My friend said she found it uncomfortable how he speaks to me sometimes yet he is always saying how badly I speak to him. We bicker about everything and sometimes I feel like he opposes what I say just to oppose.   .With all I give I feel I'm getting very little back in return and I know looking at things transitionally isn't right. ..Two examples -  He hired a cleaner (I hired he pays) recently because I was doing all the cleaning and he didn't want to lift a finger - I was spending all week working and my weekends cleaning whilst he worked or gamed.  Now he throws the cleaner in my face as if its something he did to help me when it was because he was too lazy. If I ask him to tidy his things away before she comes so she can actually clean he argues the toss every time - its like having a man child.   I also had a terribly upsetting time with my alcoholic mother recently and instead of offering me support he was really horrid because he was inconvenienced when she got too drunk to turn up and he was waiting to collect her.  This tends to be how it is on the rare times I need support...Usually the arguments we have are about contribution (or lack of) around the house or arguments related to his/my work and our differences of opinion about things.  The way he looks at me these days breaks my heart - there's no love there and when I speak he zones out like he can't even feign interest.  ..Our intimacy is non-existent we hold hands sometimes and hug but that's it for the last 3-6 months. Not drinking hasn't helped this really but the truth for me is that I feel like his mother not his lover and it's not sexy. Again I get myself ready sometimes thinking tonight's the night ill change this and then he comes in and has an attitude or look straight through me and I'll just lose confidence and leave it.  When we've spoken about it he said he gets that I support him but I don't support him in ways he cares about or needs he wants to feel like the hero get affection and affirmation - he likes significance and affection whilst i feel loved by gestures of goodwill and reassurance (I've read the love languages).  I can't give him those things cause I don't feel affectionate or like hero worshiping him the way things are.  ..Last night has brought me to this stage I'm wondering 'should I just accept this isn't working?'.  It sounds so ridiculous but after arguing about him having to tidy before the cleaner comes (we have agreed to take turns) he put the recycling out and didn't bother to split it up (he's well aware that they reject it if you don't) and I lost my shit.  He recognises I'm stressed and full of cold yet he doesn't try to make things easier in fact being with him is actually doubling my load and I feel exhausted.  When it comes to our home life if I don't do something it doesn't get done and it isn't because he is lazy when it's for him you should see the effort he will put into it his just lazy when it doesn't line up with his values he couldn't care less about mine...The irony is we are engaged which feels like a joke tbh and he really wants a kid; as things are it's not happening.  With everything I see now I know how that will pan out my load would be tripled whilst he's just crack on with what interests him and I'm unwilling to go there...I'm wondering if anyone has been here or reading the above is it glaringly obvious what the issue is and I'm so involved I cant see the wood for the trees?  Is it me??  I hate who we are and where we are.  I haven't wanted to give up because he is or was the love of my life and I would do anything if I thought we could get back to where we were and it be more of a partnership...I know this is more suited to r/Relationships but I trust you guys far more...
----------immediate responses--------

You really need to leave this guy and find someone that actually cares about you and will go out of their way to show it. That's fundamental in a relationship. Simple as that.....
First off - 260 days! Heading for your first year. I think that's great and I want it. Can you handle a break up and maintain sobriety? I can't hear love. 
It is not you.  If what you wrote is true re-read it yourself read it like it was someone else who wrote it.  What advice would you give to someone whose SO belittled them made them stressed out was not intimate with them and argued to the point of not speaking?   I would rather be by myself than with someone who treated me that way.  ..I will not drink with you today.  And I think you ROCK 260 days!
Well done on 260 days!  Have you thought about seeing a counsellor? I've been seeing one because my marriage is breaking down and it's been helpful.  It's just counselling for me not marriage counselling.  Ultimately I m deciding to stay for now so having someone else to discuss things with means that I haven't damaged what we do have with my thoughts of quitting.  .Becoming sober is about putting yourself first. That may mean changes in existing relationships especially with people who are used to you always putting them first. 
From what you've said he cares about his needs only not yours. That's not a thing that changes unless he wants to change it and it doesn't sound like he does. Why would he if he's getting what he wants out of you? The constant requirements to do better without acknowledging what you've done is just a way to keep you hopping to. I'd definitely see a relationship therapist if I was going to proceed in this relationship and I definitely would not be getting married or having kids without seeing if this could even be addressed. ..I'm sorry you're struggling. It's a crappy place to be. 
I think you should leave immediately. This sounds like no good at all.
