-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uszne/day_4_the_first_friday_without_the_magic_juice/

So I made the decision to quit drinking for what hopefully is for good (one day at a time) 4 days ago. As I come across my first weekend in sobriety I think back to all the three day shit shows that I would call weekends and my body becomes over ridden with anxiety. In the title I refer to alcohol as the  magic juice  and in the beginning of my drinking that's what it was. It loosened me up and made me feel like I can sing dance do backflips talk to people you name it. As my drinking progressed this  magic juice  started to turn into  black magic juice . As my disease progressed my weekends became three day periods of nights of binge drinking till I blacked out and mornings of self hate self doubt and a rotten stomach. I was stuck in this awful cycle of taking the first drink on Friday after work beating the shit out of my body all night and beating up my spirit all day until I was able to get my hands on that next drink. I was no longer singing dancing and being fun I was slowly self sabotaging myself. I look forward to three days of productivity and laughter amongst friends and waking up clear headed and although my anxiety still exists in me it's so much easier to control and re route my thinking. I hope everyone has an amazing Friday! If you are struggling we are here to help. ..Mattymahem
----------immediate responses--------

Hello fellow Day 4'r.  I'm looking forward to a great long weekend too...IWNDWYT
In my experience this first weekend you'll be shocked at how much free time you have. Normally I'd start drinking after work and the night would slip away. Suddenly I was getting off work and having time to clean grocery shop paint read catch up on Netflix and start on the million projects I previously  never had time for . 
Heyyy it's my first Friday too. I will not drink with you today. 
I used to think of alcohol as magic.  Now I think of it as poison.  That shift of mindset freed me.  I'm not missing out on anything.  I get to live life instead of existing for the bottle...Congratulations on day 4! IWNDWYT 
Sober weekends are AWESOME!  The great thing is they feel three times as long and even going back to work on Monday will not feel so awful...To start with though the worst thing can also be that they feel three times as long!  I found it most helpful to keep busy. Sobriety reading was also a great distraction for when I felt like being  lazy' but also doing something useful to keep me on the straight and narrow.  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace is a great start if no-one's recommended it to you already...Look forward to any updates you feel like sharing.  Don't let FOMO get you.  Best wishes staying out of mischief  :)
This is my first Friday as well although day 5 for me.  Just think we are both over halfway to our first week!  That's pretty huge for me.  
Congrats on day 4.  Yes it is so true that alcohol works until it doesn't.  I wish I would have known that the 2-3 a.m. wake up was caused by the wine.  That the wine was in fact the trouble with my sleeping.  It's all under the bridge now.  Keep on keeping on.  I hope you have a joyful weekend.  IWnDWyT
