-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uw9u3/i_keep_relapsing_even_though_its_346_beers_each/

Fuck it no more. I am absolutely sick of the person I am even when I just have 3 beers.. or even one. ..Making this subreddit my home page on the computer. Checking in each day.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome. I will not drink with you today. Just make it through today. You've got this. 
[removed]
Just take it one day at a time. And remember  how you feel after drinking and use it a motivation. When I started this journey it was feb 14 I kept stringing together some days of sobriety and then would relapse. It was never anything crazy nothing that sent me way overboard but I fucking felt horrible after doing it. I kept working towards it and eventually it clicked. I dunno how but I just realized that what I was doing to myself was not even remotely coming close to makin me feel good and was prolly going to kill me. Stay strong and remember all the downsides of drinking. Good luck to you and IWNDWYT 
Welcome you got this.  IWNDWYT 
Staying sober was too hard for me to tackle on my own. A therapist and AA meetings provided the support and tools which made it possible to build the sober happy life I have today. ..Maybe more support is the answer. 
I feel you.  Green tea for me now yessir.
Thats what I did! The 1st night without beers feels impossible. What the hell are you gonna do? just sit there? ..It gets so much better! I had that exact same feeling every time I start my journey and it takes posts like this to remind me that it ever existed in the 1st place...IWNDWYT!
Hey welcome to r/stopdrinking! I think many of us can relate to this kind of stuff... ..And I speak for myself when I say that drinking in moderation never ever worked for me... I find it easier to obstain completely from alcohol. so have not the inner fight with myself: "oh common one more!" -"No you had five beers in a row stop now!!!" I was done with that same procedure in my mind... ..Take your time and read through some posts I am sure you can relate to many people here too... Enjoy the community here on SD and take inspiration... ..I will not drink with you today! 
I feel ya... I was just rationalizing how one drink at dinner wouldn't hurt anything tonight. After all my husband got off early and the kids are with grandma and grandpa. But it won't be just one.... and it will hurt. So I'm not drinking with ya tonight buddy! 
I will not drink with you today. Day five here. We can do it. 
Welcome. You might find some help on the sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit. There are links to all of the major recovery programs. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! You're wiser than I was. IWNDWYT!
Me too... day 1 for me as well... just reset...   we can do this!
I've yet to speak to any person in extended sobriety who hasn't relapsed at least a few times. For me technically 6 relapses 2 big ones. As long as you learn from the mistakes you are on the road pal. And I will not drink with YOU today!
Heck yeah I am with you on this. I hate relapsing nearly every weekend. Going to set this group as my homepage as well and planning to become more active. 
Welcome home friend. This is such a great community that is here for you no mater what.
When I kept relapsing it was actually me just wanting to continue. Then one day I was just sick and tired of the same cycle. That's when I made the decision to stop intoxicating myself.
It happens. Have to decide when you're fully ready. After a 13 year run I decided it was time. Iwndwyt 
I will not drink with you this Friday night.
Brick where'd you get a hand grenade? 
This is me too. Giving into cravings way too easily but drinking less than I have in the past. It doesn't matter how much I drink. I hate it every time. I'm determined to make today different. IWNDWYT!
This is a great resource. Good luck.
I will not drink with you today 
