-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uwvnf/struggling_at_home/

We are having a lot of financial problems. My husband built up a lot of debt and hasn't been able to get mix work. I work full time and pay all the bills. My husband is depressed and doesn't want to do anything saying he is too upset about money. So on weekends and evenings it's usually me and my child like being a single mom. We haven't been on any trips in 4 years. I keep suggesting weekend trips or even day trips but he says no to everything. ..In the past my escape has been drinking. I can't make him change his behaviour. I'm not ready to make ultimatums or consider divorce. I would just drink my wine and that would be my mini vacation. I'm struggling tonight with wanting to do that again.
----------immediate responses--------

 Congrats on 37 days sober. Wishing you good thoughts tonight. IWNDWYT 
Sorry to hear your husband is depressed! Is taking a short trip just you and  your child an option? Or would you prefer not to leave him alone?
I have a very similar situation at home.  We could chat if you want. I'm 41 days so I'm right where you are and my husband is also depressed.  It's like I changed and I'm ready for a new life but it's the same old thing and it's frustrating as hell.  Hang in there! Iwndwyt
I'm a lot smarter now that I haven't been drinking for a while.  It started happening a while back.. smarter as in thinking more clearly opting to choose things that are healthier for me a brighter and more functional outlook.  I also have more motivation and energy even though I sleep a lot.. quality energy I guess I would say.  I'm looking at things from a view of finding solutions.  I have better growing awareness.  I take better care of myself.  These kinds of things are going to serve me much better through trials I may face than the way I used to deal with them by pouring (another) drink.  Hang in there even if we feel low or hopeless now there is hope and promise to be had down the road.  More than it may seem today.  IWNDWYT   
