-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v53ce/i_am_struggling_how_do_you_handle_these_times/

I was alcohol-free for almost four-years and then drank 2-weeks ago while I was on vacation.  Although I have since abstained again I find myself thinking "one glass of wine at dinner isn't a big deal" and other justifications/compromises to justify drinking again.  I think the real reason why I want to drink is because I'm in a deep depression that seems never-ending.  But I've struggled with depression/anxiety for as long as I can remember and the 15-years that alcohol was a part of my life never once helped the situation.  Yet I find myself still thinking that it can...How do you normally handle your battles when you're in the midst of one?  I don't know if they ever fully go away... 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you are struggling. I see a psychiatrist and am treated with medication for depression. It helps me stay sober. Alcohol for me is never an option. Never. That's because I read *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam and worked the 12 steps in AA which helped me understand and accept my alcoholism. I am convinced that alcohol is dangerous for me. ..During tough times I remember what happens when I drink. I don't want that misery so I don't take the first drink. 
I've been dealing with depression and anxiety since my teens (I'm 50) and over the years I've (mis)used alcohol to a greater or lesser extent as a self-treatment.  As you know it doesn't work it just delays and covers up the problems.  ...I reached a point recently where I just couldn't stand to do the same thing over and over again knowing exactly how it would make me feel the next morning - or even just later that same night.  ...I wish I had great advice on how to handle the battles without self-medicating with booze - all I can tell you is that as each day passes and I ride the waves of my usual anxiety I have found that waking up and remembering that I didn't drink last night gives me a ton of confidence.  I remind myself before I get out bed that bad stuff might happen today but I am better able to handle it now than when I am drinking.  ...I hope that helps a little bit!  I'm still figuring all this out myself.  Hang in there.  IWNDWYT.
10 days or 10000 we're all just one drink away from relapse. ..I don't have the 4 yr run you do but I've been at 180-360 days before.  Once I got back on the wagon for six months or so i'd usually be pining for a drink.  Dying for a drink. Hurting for a drink.  Drink occupied my mind &amp; my dreams. I craved sinking into the oblivion I remembered. So I'd finally give in.  ..So I'd slip.  Hit it hard.  One or two days.  And i'd still be self aware enough to realize everything I sought from alcohol was an illusion.  The oblivion I craved wasn't as profound as I remembered.  The alcohol didn't taste as good or make me feel as good as I remembered (or hoped).  It was all fake.  ..That drunk was last time &amp; I've held now for 180 days.  ..I finally got help with my depression &amp; anxiety.  But frankly it's just enough to keep me from self medicating.  ..I'm holding out hope for a lot of the new research on psilocybin &amp; lsd to bear fruit.  And on micro-dosing.  I my youth I could hook myself up for a try but now I don't have the easy contacts I used to have.  ..Anyway not suggesting you tie one on or you go out to father mushrooms by lightening bug light.  Just letting you know a lot of us struggle like you do every day. ..IWNDWYT 
