-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v7zme/33_hours_sober_already_backpedaling_in_my_head_so/

I managed to stay sober through the worst cravings sweats and nightmares last night. It's not just the booze either. It's fucking hot. ..I was apparently screaming in my sleep "help me." Over and over. For hours. ..Since I don't have an aa group to go to and likely never will I post here in hopes of getting support from people who understand the struggle of staying sober. ..For some reason having friends who care important people who forgive me and the most supportive family one can imagine isn't enough to keep me sober. Not even all the goals are enough. It's kinda crazy how insidious addiction can be. But you all understand. ..I feel your pain but I also draw on your strength. You are my people. Thank you for reading the posts I make or writing a thoughtful response. I'm just going to keep posting until I have enough time under the belt to hopefully (and confidently) help someone else the way many of you have already helped me. .. I will not drink with you tonight. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there my brother you're doing well! Don't listen to that voice it's there to deceive...Come in the chat and say hi if you like see the side bar.
Good luck and well done for making it through the night. I am only on Day 3 and also got sweats shakes etc. I know it will get better let's try to stick it out.
Why won't you have an AA group? 
Dust yourself off you got this! I believe in you.
Those first three days are hell. Good news is that all you have to do is show up and be there the cravings solve themselves with time. Bad news is that it's fucking hard! Hope you're taking time for self-care distracting and delaying. You'll be outta here in no time
I'm a writer too. Couple of "bottom drawer" novels three NaNoWriMos "won" and a handful of writing awards on my shelf. ..So I know how easy it is to paint any dang picture I want with words. To subtly shift the blame to the system others outside forces genetics "society"...anyone but me and my choices. To sprinkle just enough blame and mea culpa in my explanations and evasions and excuses that it sounds like I 'get it'. But the important part was I didn't. ...And I had tons of excuses. I wasn't a problem drinker! I could stop for days weeks heck even a *whole month* one time! Look around me *that guy* is the *real* problem drinker! AA and Al Anon are too scary too God-y and too stuck up for me. (Full disclosure I'm not in either but I AM on this sub and I did get my butt to therapy). I can "swindle" any therapist with my banter and charm it never works. My social life! ..Ad nauseum. ..Nothing changed until through some grace outside myself a switch flipped in my head. I may be one of those rare medical cases that just is...done drinking. There have been times where I was challenged to stay with it but overall I'm just...done. It's poison. Full stop. I was destroying my body for complicated reasons. ...The reason I drank was simple: it's an addictive substance and my dependence grew over time...The reasons I didn't quit...now those were a bit more complex. But they all boiled down to "I don't want to." ..Whenever guys online would tell long rambly detailed stories of their current "relationship situation" to try to explain why they were married but "technically single" and "it's complicated" I would think "No it's not." ..So from one writer to another it's not complicated. You're going to keep drinking until you don't want to anymore more than you do. When you don't want to the mismatched therapists weird AA meetings unfilled prescriptions and whatever other "complicated" situations arise...those won't stop you from being sober. Nothing will. Because you want to. More than you wanted to drink. ..I hope you find the strength I know is within you. 
