-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v8tza/badge_reset_but_a_real_corner_has_been_turned/

EDIT:  This is not as coherent as I was hoping.  I just had to get this out though.....So I got drunk last night...There was no reason for it; I wasn't having anything but a normal and fun day...I just decided to go have "a couple of beers"...We know how that turned out and that's not the reason that I'm writing here.  I'm writing because of what happened while I was drunk...I texted my ex.  YUP!  That's right I got drunk and texted my ex (I hope that you're all smiling whilst you remember doing that) and we had a conversation that has left me reeling even now with my fuzzy head and dry mouth...I don't need to go into detail but I will say that this girl was the love of my life which is sad because she is one hell of a shit show of a heroin addict bank robbing sociopathic deeply troubled person...I'm not being mean it's the sad truth and I loved her for 3 years of unhappiness...The story is long and unremarkable but she told me that she got married.  Believe it or not that is unremarkable.  She has gotten married three times since we broke up almost three years ago.  Hell we've gotten back together three times in that same time frame and I have a ring in my safe that I bought for her.  I just smiled at the ridiculousness of having written that.....Anyway...oh and believe it or not I don't usually have relationships like this.  This girl and the resulting shit show is an anomaly within my many years of living and loving and I really did come out ahead with having a great relationship with her very normal and kind family...anyway I woke up this morning hung over and I started to write her an email when I just...quit...Something left my body it felt physical but it was ethereal.  I gave up and it occurred to me that this is what has been referred to at AA (of which I haven't "needed" to go to)...My not drinking was easy I just didn't have to drink everyday and I figured that I had this.  But you know what?  There should be a bit of a struggle to it there has to be a real change of SOMETHING...When not drinking I was moving right along towards a happier me and it was working but I was stuck as someone who wasn't drinking.  I'll be honest here simply not drinking isn't going to do it for me.  I have to become a non-drinker.  It has to become a part of me but not the most important part but the anchor to the rest of it...I myself will not work out if it is any other way...I think I go to a meeting I think that I'll start talking to old friends who are sober I think that I am going to take this evolution very seriously from here on out because I liked not having alcohol in my life.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh sounds so on it well done! Yeah... I am remembering it click with me finally. Like yeah. Nope. Not doing this. No. 
Yup! I found that in the end after many years letting go and realizing that being a non-drinker is going to be part of who I am for the rest of my time on Terra Firma. It ended up being easier in some respects when I finally got to that. Congrats to you you got this!!!
Great to hear of you evolution...you got this ohno!.. within    I will not drink with y'all today 
I quit for a long time and always said " I'm not drinking for nownot tonightnot today ".This time is different.I indeed had a moment of clarity and saw who I had become and where I was going.I didn't like it and don't want it.This time I am done with drinking for the rest of my life.I am a non drinker.I love sobriety.
Thanks for the post.  I drank yesterday too.  I had 6 days and was feeling better.  I just ordered an irish coffee like it was nothing.  I didn't have any unusual stress that drove me to pick up a drink.  I think that I will go to a meeting today as well.  Also I can't remember how to change my badge?  
