-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v8yir/reflections_on_one_year_of_sobriety/

In the last year I have learned more about forgiveness grace love and The Devine than I ever thought possible. ..Five years ago I had no doubt that I would eventually die by suicide and I was doing nothing to prevent it. I had made peace with my wasted potential and was content to drink and smoke myself to death. ..And then came my son a shining beacon of hope and innocence. I didn't think twice about getting clean and sober for his benefit while I was pregnant. However when breastfeeding proved impossible for us I was back to my old habits. It wasn't until he was one and a half that I hit rock bottom. ..And as JK Rowling said  rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life. ..I decided after 24 years of going my own way and refusing help that I simply couldn't do it on my own. ..So I reached out. I went to AA. I enrolled in DBT. I talked to my minister and my mental health team. I put in the work. I struggled. But I did it. ..Now I have finished my first degree in Social Work. I have a job that I love in a field I am passionate about. I am the best mom I can be. I am going to my dream school in August. I haven't had a mood swing since I stopped drinking and as a result no longer bear a severe mental health diagnosis. I understand my own inherent worth and dignity. ..I've realized that getting drunk or high is a cheap form of spirituality. It is my divine purpose to help souls who are struggling. That is what I am here to do and sobriety has helped me begin to fulfill that purpose. ..I'm thankful to be here...I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

[Congrats on a YEAR!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)..And congratulations on all of your accomplishments fantastic job!
Soooo good.
Congratulations on one year and thanks for the great post! A great story with lots of acceptance of reality.
&gt; I understand my own inherent worth and dignity...Priceless.  Congrats OnACloudyDay!  .. within  .   I will not drink with y'all today 
Congratulations on one year and your new career well done..
Congratulations on 1 year of Freedom!!     I'm so happy for you what a beautiful story.  
Congratulations on achieving a year sober.  Woo-Hoo.  Thanks for sharing your giant success story.
