-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v8ydk/has_any_benefits_come_to_you_from_the_experience/

I had a relapse today.... but I'm trying to learn from it. Why it happened? Why it's an unhealthy reason for turning to alcohol etc  what have you learned/learned about yourself from s relapse?  HECK IF IM GONNA RELAPSE MIGHT AS WELL MAKE IT AS BENEFICIAL AS POSSIBLE. 
----------immediate responses--------

I had a relapse that lasted 6 days. It was every bit as bad as a relapse that lasted a year...After 6 days I woke up in jail and realized I needed to try harder than ever in sobriety. To really go after what I want even in the face of fear. I took the hardest possible class after a ten year break from school. I got an A in the class. It's difficult and I over complicate the process but God is so powerful. Learning that God loves us so much he lets us do what we want and that is what makes it difficult to let God's will occur in our lives...Do you go to meetings? You'll be in my prayers and I hope you can stay on the wagon.
I have found that if my sobriety is not #1 in my life I will lose it. ..That doesn't mean that I don't have a life I just make sure to do service Work on a regular basis I always try to talk to another alcoholic every day and I attend 3 to 5 meetings a week. Been working for me for a while now so I'll keep it going. ..Relapse is not a requirement. ..IWNDWYT 
Yes and no. I don't think I have ever been surprised by the outcome of a relapse. However like the tide eroding a shoreline each relapse has slowly built an acceptance of the fact that things will be just the same as the previous times. I slowly was able to learn that I was NOT making progress toward moderate drinking. The biggest lesson I am learning from my current relapse is just how persistent drinking can be when resumed. No matter how my mind twists and spins drinking it will always have the same negative outcome for me. 
It made me realize I really never want to drink again. I didn't even have very much nothing bad happened it only lasted two days etc. etc. but I immediately felt so physically unwell and emotionally disturbed - it was like all the bad memories and associations came pouring back all at once. I thought maybe I could be a moderate or special occasion drinker but even if I could I would never want to anymore. It was a really draining experience considering how underwhelming it probably looked from the outside but I feel refreshed in my sobriety now. 
Indeed!..Everytime I relapse (~10 days) I come out a little stronger.  I just wrote about this earlier today but last night I got drunk sad things went down but this morning as the fog lifts I am feeling that a corner has been turned...or at least I'm further along rounding that corner.
I'm back to AA and some outpatient therapy after a 6.5 year relapse.  I personally don't consider a day or two drunk a relapse - more of a eff-up.  Just reset and carry on.  I've reset that badge no less than 25 times I bet.  I have a funny feeling of hope since I've turned up the recovery volume that I may be able to yet again find a daily reprieve from booze.  Best wishes.
The last relapse lasted somewhere around 6 or 7 months. I drank every day in that time and it nearly killed me. It did strongly make the point that I am without a doubt a full-blown alcoholic who must not drink at all. 
Hey! I have 57 days after a relapse. I had a year of "being dry" before that. If not for that relapse I would have never learned that I WANT to be sober. I learned to be grateful for every sober day but the biggest thing I learned from my relapse is that I need to listen to myself learn about myself and forgive myself. I need to do that every day. I'm honestly extremely grateful for my relapse because without it I'd still be a dry drunk. Your post is awesome. Dust yourself off and get back in the game! 
Yes! I quit at the beginning of June and drank one day on my vacation. You can read that in my post history. I am not happy that it happened as it resulted in an argument with my husband right in front of my kids. BUT it really helped me think harder and deeper about why I did it and cemented the fact that I suck at moderating. It took me from  I may drink once in a while  to  I don't drink at all . This said it's not like I encourage you to drink just so you remember how crappy it feels! I like that you are trying to look at it from a learning perspective instead of focusing on shame/guilt. That's a good start! You got this. 
One way relapsing helped me was realizing how much I valued the number of days I had been sober. I was upset that I had to start at Day 1 again after having almost 100. It's not the only thing that keeps me sober but even now when I think about relapsing I think about losing all the days I accumulated and it doesn't feel worth it. I'm at 210 today.
When I hear anyone share their relapse experience it reinforces how much I don't want one.  You helped me this morning.
Yes as a reminder this is the wrong road to go on.  IWNdWYT
