-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v94rv/newly_sober_and_struggling/

[removed]
----------immediate responses--------

I was an infrequent drinker when I started.  I think it progresses for a lot of us slowly over time.  But you are in luck because there are options other than AA these days.  SMART online meetings this sub free online books and podcasts...so many tools that might help you understand why you behave the way you do.
Welcome aboard!..Having trouble stopping once you've started is very common whether that's every day or once in a blue moon... that's just what alcohol *does* to some of us.....I've never been to AA this sub has been my equivalent and it works for me... What it boils down to is when folks with drinking problems talk to other folks with drinking problems in recovery *everyone benefits*.... Where you find that is up to you!..From what I've heard here from other AA-goers all of my misconceptions about it (which were similar to yours by the way) were totally unfounded though... Apparently there are meetings specifically for young people in some areas too which might be worth looking into.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....There is also tons of material on YouTube about addiction and recovery any number of blogs podcasts like 'Recovery Elevator' etc etc... Having help from a doctor and/or therapist can also be useful.....I wish I'd quit when I was 22 I'd have saved myself a whole decade of misery - don't squander the opportunity!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted......IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome. You've come to the right place. Not everyone here "drinks mass amounts every day" nor does everyone here subscribe to AA. Depending on where you're located there may be AA groups dedicated to younger participants. Fortunately you are young and that gives you the opportunity now to not create a lifelong habit revolving around alcohol. I often mention it but only because it had a profound impact upon my attitude towards alcohol and drinking in general and that is Allen Carr's *Easy Way to Control Alcohol*. I wish someone had given it to me when I was your age. I may have disregarded it at the time because I didn't realize the path that I was on but you're ahead of me in that regard. Good luck to you.
There are many ways to stopdrinking.  Some like AA.  Others Smart Recovery Rational Recovery this sight books podcasts etc........Welcome it's a great group.  IWNDWYT
