-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8v96wh/seeking_experiences_of_quitting_smoking_in/

Tl;dr: I'm interested in hearing people's experiences of giving up tobacco/nicotine while in sobriety (I'm 2 years without a drink not giving up smokes and booze simultaneously)..I steered away from quitting when I first put down drinking deciding that I needed to focus on my alcoholism without other distractions or making things too difficult for myself. I actually found my cigarettes per day increased in the first few months and a lot of that was smoking to replace drinking or smoking at AA meetings. At six months sober I stopped smoking with the help of nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) patches and lozenges/spray. Problem is I never stopped using the spray/lozenges. I spent a year and a half on NRT and recently decided to stop. Two weeks later I started smoking again. Research says that people with substance abuse issues not only have higher rates of smoking but also find it more difficult to quit and stay quit so I know I'm not alone. ..Most of the advice from people in AA has been to look at why I started again to go easy on myself and "so what at least it's not a drink." Which is true and smoking isn't destroying my relationships self respect etc but it's still not great plus in Australia we've now tipped over $1 a cigarette. I'm looking to try vaping as I'm under no illusions that I'm addicted to nicotine and at least it has 3500 less chemicals than cigarettes but I'm uncomfortably aware that I'm just continuing another addiction. ..I'm interested in how other people have tackled nicotine dependence in sobriety. What struggles or successes did you have and what worked/didn't work? How did what you learned about quitting drinking help?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I quit smokes after about 30 days sober.  I was about to get out of a program and knew I would drink again so I figured it would be easiest to do before that happened.  It was a lot easier than previous attempts because I used what I had learned about addiction with alcohol even if I didn't succeed with alcohol until several years later...I read Allen Carr's book about quitting smokes.  I treated every craving as a sign that I was winning over my addiction and I stubbornly stuck to my original plan for two weeks.  And then I was out of the physical dependence and unlike with alcohol I never ever wanted to go back.  Why would I?  So I can smell bad be looked down upon and be slightly on edge all the time?  Their positive side is so much less than what booze offers that even being around other smokers wasn't tempting at all.
I've switched to vaping it's convenient because there are nicotine levels from 20-12-6-3-0 mg (at my shop). I'm in between 3 and 0 mg right now so quite close I think. I like it because it gives me something to reach for at night when I'm winding down instead of a beer. I miss the throat hit of cigs and the vape flavors can be aggressively sweet to me (the fogging agent is mostly sugar I think). I think it's important because smoking has been correlated with psychological issues like anxiety (and schizophrenia) although it's not known which causes which.
I quit at 3 months and 2 days. I had a 30 hour trip from Asia to the US and couldn't smoke so I just rolled with it. The biggest thing that helps me (from recovery) is knowing that there is no such thing as just one. I had cut down and gone back up. Vaped. Dipped. Nicotine gum. Anything. I finally just ignored the voice that said "Have one today and you can stop tomorrow." I know that I am one puff dip vape back to a pack a day.
Browse [this sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette)
