-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vb2oc/chronic_pain_and_addiction/

Some back story to start (this will be a bit long)...18 years ago I had a major skiing accident that completely altered the course of my life. I had three major surgeries on my lower spine and hips and spent nearly 6 months in the hospital learning to walk again. Up until that point in my life I was a social drinker and had never tried drugs in any form.  The series of surgeries I underwent left me with several rods and screws in my lower spine two six inch screws in my right hip a plate and four screws in pubis symphysis lasting nerve damage in my left leg serious mobility restrictions and a lot of pain.  ..I want to pause here for a moment to say that I absolutely have no regrets associated with the accident itself which may seem surprising but if it had not happened the way it did I would not be married to my amazing wife have our amazing children or even been put on the career path that I am on today and fully enjoy.  That being said though there is a dark side which still lingers...Back to the accident.  From day one post accident I was hooked up on a morphine drip that evolved into regular prescriptions that any doctor ever hesitated to provide after taking a look at my X-rays and hearing my story...A bit of an aside here.  There is a lot of stigma out there today around the use and abuse of prescription opioids which not unfounded but pain is real and there are those that legitimately need these drugs to get by...That being said about one year into my recovery I recognized that the negative side effects of regular opioid use were outweighing the positives so I decided to quit cold turkey.  This decision nearly killed me and gave me my first look at real addiction.  ..I struggled with opioid addiction for the next eleven years...Six years ago I was finally able to kick the opioid habit for good.  I did this on my own but arguably could have and should have done it years earlier if I had sought professional help.  The issue though was that the chronic pain was still there and while I was no longer relying on pain pills to get me through Alcohol became the substitute.  My drinking skyrocketed and became my crutch...Fast forward to 301 days ago when I finally decided to take my life back.  It has been a struggle as I have been a serious addict in one form or another for nearly 18 years but worth it for all the reasons each of you know and post about here routinely...Fast forward to last night and the reason I chose to post here today looking for help and advice. I and my wife went to a concert at Red Rocks in Colorado for the first time and it was amazing but...  Everyone stood for the entire show and I tried but was more or less miserable the whole time due to the issues associated with that old injury.  Everyone around us was drinking and having a great time and I really struggled with the temptation to have just a few to take the edge off so I could enjoy the show.  I get by on over the counter pain killers for the day to day but they often don't cut it in certain situations and I'm really struggling with how to cope.  ..Since I quit drinking 302 days ago I have experienced so many positive impacts on my life including dropping 25 pounds but chronic pain is something I will always have to contend with and I'm looking for advice on how to go about this...Thank you to everyone here as you have helped me tremendously already with your shared stories and experiences...IWNDWYT....
----------immediate responses--------

Have you tried physical therapy yet? I've found it's an underutilized therapy which can actually provide significant pain relief via strengthening and improving range of motion...Another option of you haven't tried it is asking for a pain specialist. Typically these docs are anesthesiologists who do a fellowship in spinal injections which can buy you several weeks/months of pain relief. ..Chronic pain is difficult to manage/treat (as you very well know) but there are numerous options out there. I wish you the best of luck!..IWNDWYT 
Acupuncture might help? 
There is a guy named Joe Dispenza that I originally heard interviewed by Regina Meredity on Gaia.  He was injured as a young man during a triathlon when a truck hit his bike.  As he lay in the hospital bed with broken vertebrae he just decided to heal on his own.  His life work is all about the mind body connection.  It's a fascinating story.  He works with people all over the globe and they do a lot of scientific work on these phenomena.  He has books out and lots of youtube videos.  Best of luck.  IWNDWYT
