-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vfmu8/binge_drinking_vs_problem_drinking/

Where do you draw the line? On one end someone who drinks everyday you would likely say has a problem. But I'm struggling with this grey area where what I do seems normal but also is probably considered extreme by a lot of non-drinkers / social drinkers...Almost all my friends drink heavily on weekends (15+ drinks in a night) and I'd put myself in that category. I don't think I have a dependency but definitely push the limits from time to time. ..I'm just coming off a heavy party weekend where everyone i knew was drinking excessively but I know so many people outside my friend group (such as people from work) who would think anything more than 5 beers in a night is a lot...I'm just curious for thoughts if this type of drinking is normal for someone in their mid 20s or am I just rationalizing it because my entire friend group acts the same way..
----------immediate responses--------

If you think it is a problem then it's a problem. I know for myself I surrounded myself with people and activities that justified my drinking. Made it seem normal. 
Personally I think that binge-drinking on a regular basis is problematic but I do not think that it is particularly out of the ordinary for people in their early 20s. In certain circles it is certainly socially acceptable but the truth is binge drinking is terrible for your health. ..Last year I went through a rough period in my life in which I would go out and drink around 15+ standards once or twice a week. I didn't really give my brain a chance to recover because I would go out and do it again a few days later. This really affected my decision making my mental health how well I could look after myself how well I could focus on study etc. I think at that time I also used it to allay symptoms of anxiety and I began to find it difficult to conduct myself socially without alcohol... In that situation yes binge drinking every week was a big problem for me. It was a difficult habit to break and my life has been much improved since I stopped drinking as often. Whilst I wasn't addicted to alcohol personally I would consider it problem drinking. ..However there are many people my age who drink about that often and seem to have their life together. It's still unhealthy: bad for your brain function bad for your liver and increases the risk of developing cancers but the extent to which it negatively affects ones life varies a lot from person to person. ..TL;DR.I think that regular binge drinking is problematic but is normal/socially acceptable in certain circles. Drinking affects everyone a bit differently and some people deal better than others but ultimately alcohol is poison and we should reduce how much/how often we drink. 
I think the line is different for everyone. There is no normal. I have family members who can have a glass of wine and be off their rocker. I have colleges who can drink three bottles of bubbly chased by tequila shots and still appear sober. ..In spite of the fact that society promotes and accepts alcohol as normal it is a poison. When you drink you are drinking a poison. Remembering this has helped me turn around how I perceived this drug. ..Another thing I realize is that I have no clue as to what other people are experiencing with their own alcohol consumption. Are they drunks? Are they casual drinkers? Are they looking at me and wondering the same? Are they wishing someone could help? Are they completely fine? Are they teetering on the brink of personal disaster?  I can't answer that by simply observing them. ..I can only see that I started trying to stop drinking when I realized I couldn't SIMPLY stop. That was my line in the sand. That line is more like a trench some days. I honestly wish I'd never started drinking. ..Best of luck mate. 
my understanding from my investigation of the matter is that long term binge drinking is more physically damaging that regular heavy drinking (whatever long term and heavy is). I can't recite the medical reasoning but it's how your brain reacts and your body. if I can locate the relevant articles I'll update
If you're here asking the question that's often a good indicator that you feel like something isn't right with your drinking.....The modern medical term is Alcohol Use Disorder which covers both alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence and moves through predictable stages and levels of severity the more and longer you drink.....If you scroll halfway down [this link](https://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/dsmfactsheet/dsmfact.htm) there is a link to a self-assessment tool that you can use to help you gain insight into your drinking.....I too surrounded myself with other young people who abused alcohol exactly like I did so it was very easy to fool myself into thinking that what I was doing was fine!..I posted about where my [Alcohol Use Disorder](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uodvf/scoring_top_marks_on_the_alcohol_use_disorder/) ended up by the time I was in my early 30's and it wasn't pretty.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Best of luck!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I think it's pretty normal in today's society among young professionals. That doesn't mean it's great though...That's about where I was at... 19 or 20. Then by 22 or so I was drinking every night. Then by 26 or 27 I was drinking about that amount every night...Drawing the line I mean I'm not qualified to comment on that really. But if you're asking that question and searching out subreddits called "stopdrinking" then maybe you've already drawn such a line for yourself :)
