-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vfqm4/35_days_sober_and_its_my_birthday/

Quitting drinking for me has included a lot of time (truthfully almost two years) knowing I needed to quit drinking and a couple of relapses including the latest relapse on a vacation 35 days ago. But I feel confident that sobriety is finally sticking; I read The Naked Mind about 3 months ago and I have been waking up to the the truth about alcohol. I've been watching people drink alcohol at events and watching even more closely the ones who are barely drinking or sticking to nonalcoholic drinks. And I'm recognizing how boring and limiting alcohol is especially if you drink more than a little bit the way a lot of people do. I can't unsee it...Anyway I'm posting here because it's my first sober birthday in at least 10 years (I'm 28 today and have been drinking since I was 17) and I'm feeling a little alone. My friends and family have not been amazingly supportive. I get a lot of "But you're not an alcoholic." I want to tell them I was blacking out nearly every time I had a drink but that feels like TMI. They have seen the part where I have a couple drinks at the party and am a jolly good time. But they didn't have to see the part where I stop at the liquor store on the way home and then get blackout alone until I pass out. ..So the point is I don't really have any amazing birthday plans. I'll go to work and come home maybe have a nice birthday lunch with coworkers. Maybe I'll treat myself to a movie. But I know it will still be a better birthday in one important way in that I won't be waking up the morning after wondering what I did the night before. I'll take a quiet birthday over that. I'm grateful that this group exists...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

you got yourself the best gift... happy birthday!
Happy birthday. It's my 5 birthday sober today (July 1). I had a Nerf Tag Birthday Party with my buddies. Not one ounce of alcohol and we had a blast. ..Take some of the money you have been saving or would Of blown on birthday drinks and treat yourself. 
You are still early in the game. Its still kind of tough. It gets way easier my dude. Soldier on!
Happy birthday
I wish I had quit when I was 28! You can do this! Celebrate your birthday by NOT drinking ;) What a milestone! Happy birthday!.Cheers with a big glass of ice water and a clear head in the morning. I'm not drinking with you today.
Happy birthday!  IWNDWYT!
Awesome!  Keep up the good work! Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday.....I was sober on my birthday too... I ate a lot of sugar ....and had a sugar hangover...
Quiet birthdays are fine!  I used to just sit at home and get drunk on my birthday but I'd be so happy to sit at home sober and be a good daddy to my kitty cat :D
Happy Birthday gretnav.  I will not drink with you today and hopefully we can do the same on my birthday this year.
I fell into the birthday trap and woke up 9 days later ..It's not worth it
