-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8viyec/want_to_stop_but_struggling_with_the_idea_of_it/

Hello there..This is my first time on reddit and my first time to properly reach out about alcohol.  I am a 33 year old female and for years I have contemplated with the idea of what it would be like to not drink alcohol anymore.  I rarely drink when I'm at home but on any social occassion I look forward to the drinking part of it more than the actual occassion itself.  When I drink I can't stop.  I am very slight but I keep up with the pace of others.  The next day I completely break down and cry uncontrollably (over nothing it's like a physical reaction).  I am meant to be at work today but have cancelled all my meetings and been crying on the sofa all day.  This is after having three glasses of wine and two vodkas over the course of 8 hours yesterday and getting 7 hours sleep.  It just doesn't seem worth it anymore not for this horrendous sinking feeling.  I am so much happier when I have no alcohol in my system.  Combined with the fact that when I get drunk I get obnoxious I yell at my boyfriend over nothing and I forget absolutely everything that happened all the meaningful conversations I had they're erased from all memory.  ..So given all of that I don't understand why it is so hard to stop alogether even though I desperately want to.  I guess I'm fearful of "being boring" missing out on social events changing the vibe with friends when so much of it is centered around drinking.... or is it maybe it's just in my head.  ..So I guess I'm looking to hear about your experiences wise words encouragement anything really that might help me change my mindset so that I can stop.  ..Thanks :) 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm worried more about dying from the hangover.
That's what has hit me; it just isn't worth it any more.  That's what keeps going on in my head during the weeks that I am sober...It is really starting to stick though.
You are not alone.  I can totally relate to what you're saying here.  The reality of drinking became less and less fun but I was convinced that nothing would be fun without drinking.  I ultimately decided to do a dry month but wanted to aim for three months without alcohol and really use that time to try and enjoy life without alcohol instead of just waiting til the day I could drink again.  I did a lot of reading and some writing too.  Blogs like *Mrs. D is Going Without* and *Offdry* were extremely useful books like *This Naked Mind" and "A Girl Walks Out of a Bar" and "Dry" were also helpful to me as well as many others and articles and videos etc.   ..The trick for me was not to worry about never drinking again.  What a boring and overwhelming thought that is. In fact I would tell myself maybe I'll drink tomorrow but no matter what I'm not drinking today.  And there is a check-in on this sub where I could pledge not to drink today and then the decision had already been made no take-backs.  ..It was actually easier in a lot of ways than I thought the not drinking.  The hard part has been looking at the areas in my life that I tried to smudge out by drinking and actually doing something about them. But now I hold my head higher I'm more confident and successful and I'm actually a lot happier...You can totally do this if you want it.  And no one I have ever heard of regrets not drinking.
[removed]
I got sober in AA...One of the first things you learn in AA is that everyone there drank just like you did...Almost no one gets clean without support.  AA is live people in your area who want to help you.
[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7nHlddtFkw) by Annie Grace speaks directly to the "*I don't understand why it is so hard to stop altogether even though I desperately want to*" topic. Only when I wanted to quit did I realize I couldn't do it as easily as I'd always imagined. The word "addiction" was hard for me to initially accept with reference to my alcohol use but that's exactly what it had become. Best of luck. Hope the video helps.
I was in denial for a long time about how much worse my depression and anxiety were because of drinking.  I had convinced myself that I "needed" alcohol to treat these issues.  I was also always physically exhausted from drinking all the time.  After 2 months sober I noticed that I wasn't angry all the time and that I had much more patience with life.  I still get depressed from time to time but no where close to when I was drinking.
For me it was the ambivalence about stopping completely that kept me from. ..stopping completely. In my head I "wanted "to stop but didn't want to give up the pleasure I thought alcohol gave me. So stopping was associated with paindifficulty and boredom.  It's like saying I want to lose 10 pounds and I want to eat that whole cheesecake. I can tell myself it's too hard I will never lose the weight  its my destiny to be fat OR  put the fork down and go take a walk. This is not about will power. It's seeing things as they really are and being all in 1000 percent about the kind of life you want for yourself and making those choices daily that will give you that life. IWNDWYT 
it's hard but having that small inkling is all it takes.  a new journey. it's definitely difficult but being uncomfortable is where the real change happens. congrats to you and IWNDWYT! 
&gt;I don't understand why it is so heard to stop altogether ..This is the nature of dependency.  I finally realized that trying to  understand  it was a distraction and delaying tactic my mind uses...I don't need to understand it and it defies logic and reason...Instead I needed *Action* instead of understanding...My action included asking for support speaking to a counselor and attending recovery mee...I got free of the obsession and have never been happier.
I found going to social events sober really liberating. It turns out I am funny I can cut loose dance tell stories and laugh all sober. In fact I became aware that those around me drinking began to have less fun. They got anxious when the waiter wouldn't show up to bring the next round. They spent energy trying to convince everyone to do shots. They were preoccupied. Then as they booze hit they began disengaging a little. They couldn't connect as well with people whereas I could be present and get to know people. I was focused I was present I was loose and fun. Honestly I didn't realize how much I was stressing socially over booze. How much is everyone drinking? Would it be weird for me to get another glass? I don't feel it yet... Overall I find socializing so pleasant and relaxing now. The opposite of boring!
Hi Vicky! I was a bit of a party girl and used to rely on alcohol to be funny social and friendly. I was so scared I was going to become a sad old grump who was no fun anymore. It has been quite the opposite I can be more fun for longer - as the weird confidence boost of not drinking let's me be silly and fun and weird and friendly just as much as when I drank. Unfortunately I am still sometimes obnoxious. ;-).I also stopped due to my hangover - or after drinking time - being very similar to yours. I would spend all day in an agony of misery and shame and unhappiness. I guess I want to say give it a go- try it as an experiment and see if you like it? Do 100 days or 30 or whatever. It doesn't need to be big and scary I truly feel like I have been brought back to life. Good luck to you!
I feel very secure in my sobriety but I very often look ahead to events on my social calendar and think Jesus that's going to be fucking boring without alcohol. How am I going to resist? ..The reason is "one day at a time." I don't have to worry today about how I'm going to cope with the wedding I'm going to in September. I just have to worry about what I'm doing today. That's all. And today I've made a commitment not to drink. I'll do the same tomorrow if God willing I honor my commitment...The thing is? I've attended numerous weddings parties and social occasions since becoming sober last year and they've all been perfectly enjoyable without alcohol. Well not exactly: I don't have the same tolerance for sitting in bars that I used to and I politely decline events like boozy bachelor parties. But missing these events don't bother me. That's because they're just excuses to get drunk and I don't do that anymore...One thing you could try is going one month without drinking. It's only a month   no one is telling you that you can't drink ever again. But if you honor your month-long commitment be sure to note in a journal or to your boyfriend how it went for you. I'm sure it'll have been better and more fun than you thought...Most importantly keep coming back to this sub. Check out an AA meeting in your area and pop in. Don't worry we don't bite. And read up: Annie Grace's This Naked Mind is a good place to start but there are plenty of other resources...You've made the first tentative steps toward freedom: realizing that drinking is doing you no favors anymore. Keep talking to us   we're here to guide you through.
Thank you all so much for all your inspirational thoughts and helpful comments.  It gave me a lot of strength.  Unfortunately I then undid it all by going for lunch with a client yesterday and spending 6 hours drinking and coming home smashed at 6.30pm.  My partner is understandably asking me why I did it and that it makes him so anxious because every time I go out he wonders if I'm going to get hammered.  I think lame as it is the reason I did it yesterday was because I find drinking fun and I don't know how to say no I feel like I'm disappointing the other person if I don't drink.  Which makes me very weak.  So now I think I have to try a month without drinking as I can't seem to only have one drink without then having five.  I'm already dreading doing a month without booze which is worrying isn't it.  Any words of encouragement still very gratefully received! 
