-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vomzg/100_days_sober/

So I'm 100 days sober. I'm excited about that it's the longest I've gone in like ten years and I feel really good about myself. I was basically homeless for the past two years. I was living out of my car barely getting by and just a waste of a human being. I lost every friends I had but one most of my family gave up on me and I was just alone...I went to rehab 120 days ago. I stayed for five days then left and got drunk. Then slept in my car a few nights got enough money for a cheap motel room. Then I just started people watching the people there. I kept telling myself I wasn't that bad my life was okay I'm not a drug addict just an alcoholic. Then at that motel it finally hit me. I looked at my life for what it was it was as empty as everyone else's life that lived in that motel drug addicts alcoholics you name it... There's no difference a wasted life is a wasted life...So that night I drank again felt all woe is me about myself my epiphany just solidifying the fact that I was a loser who couldn't change. The next day on the way to the liquor store I just figured why not just relax for a bit? Don't buy a drink just sit in a parking lot. Listen to music or some shit just let it pass...And I did. I dunno what really switched in my brain but every time I wanted a drink I'd go somewhere and just breathe for a second and it'd pass. I started working a temp job that next week and ended up with a really bad bout of pneumonia and pleural effusion and while in the hospital my Aunt came and asked me to stay with her my Mom told her I was ten days sober...I remember crying I hadn't had a safe place to stay in forever. My parents work overseas so we just talk on WhatsApp mainly so having an offer of a place to stay was huge for me. I lost my temp job due to being in the hospital for almost a week (bad infection) but I got out and got an even better job. I wouldn't let losing the first job get me down as I had a mission...I wanted my own place or a space to call my own...So I've been working my current job for two months about to be hired on. My parents are back in town for a few months so I'm staying with them for now. I'm moving into an apartment in 12 days with my only remaining friend (she does not drink) and I'm super excited! I've been slowly buying stuff for the apartment and it's exciting. I've pawned pretty much all of my possessions previously but now I have a little microwave tiny tv my own bed!! and various other items...Literally all I own will fit in the back of my station wagon but it's a tight fit at least! ..Anyways I'm new here just was really excited about 100 days. I guess just wanted to say that if you're struggling or in a bad spot sometimes it helps to just breathe and relax for a minute before you grab that next drink.
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you. I hope you can keep growing. IWNDWYT 
Just breathe and relax is great advice.  Your story touched my heart.  You have come so far.  It only gets better.  I wish you all the success in the world.  Congratulations   100 days!!!!
Fantastic!! Keep it up!!!!! I will not drink with you today!!
I'm so proud of you! I hope for the very best for you as you continue your journey. IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! You went from a hard desolate place to one of hope and enthusiasm. Be proud of yourself. Enjoy your new place.  Cherish that good friend and roommate whose sober lifestyle will help you on the road ahead 
Way to turn things around! Good for you! 
Nice keep up the good work and enjoy the benefits
   I like this story.  There are so many of us that have a broken spirit.  And yet.. we can move on.  Hang in there I'm happy for you and IWNDWYT 
nice!
I love this. Tiny TV...my own bed. Fantastic. Onward!
Keep it up! Awesome perspective! That whole "At least I'm not doing as bad as X" can cut both ways and become a form of strength when X is your old self.
Congrats on the big 100! 
