-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8voszp/dealcoholized_beer_sobriety_aid_or_gateway_drug/

Hi all..I haven't drank for the last month or so thanks to 4 6-day work weeks in a row.  The problem now is that I have 2 days off in a row and now the urge to drink and sit around wasting time has come back somewhat.  We have a shit load of wine and beer in the house that is looking very good but I ended up drinking a couple of 0&amp;#37; alcohol beers instead.  They seemed to do the trick; the taste and aroma of a beer on a hot day seemed to sate me for the night and I'm quite fine without the alcohol.  ..My concern is that by half-indulging my urge for a drink with non-alcoholic beer I might be stepping onto a slippery slope that leads back to drinking whenever I have free time.  Can anyone who has used non-alcoholic beer or other drinks of that sort offer any advice on this?  Is this a stepping stone back to drinking?  
----------immediate responses--------

I think non-alcoholic beer is for non-alcoholics. I don't want anything that tastes even remotely like the poison which almost ruined my life...But that's just me. 
NA beer would probably make me miss real beer. I stay away. Plus it still has the calories. La Croix all day long.
Just speaking for myself it triggered me back to the real thing. Twice when I'd been sober a few weeks... Because my body &amp; mind were totally waiting for the  effect  to kick in. It caused the wildest cravings I've ever had before or since I was like a bear that could smell dinner 7 miles downwind...
Do they give heroin addicts non-heroinic heroin to shoot up?
I've read a lot about this and it seems to be a huge issue for a lot of people. I've purchased non-alcoholic beer on a few occasions since I quit drinking. All of those times was when I was super stressed out about something and scared I would relapse of I didn't do something.  For me the taste and "feel" of drinking a beer seemed to help. I worried that I would start buying it a lot and thus end up drinking "the real thing" again. So I just make sure if I do drink non-alcoholic beer that it's rarely. And for me some shame comes with it. I don't know why. I personally haven't had any issues with it. To each their own. Best of luck to you. IWNDWYT
La Croix could be your jam. 
Before I got sober I used NA beer to  moderate'  I hated the taste and it added to my already substantial beer gut. So I have no interest in trying to fit that into my sober life now. ..I drank a lot of coca-cola at first for the sugar and as food as I had kind of stopped eating food so drinking cokes was a transitional thing.  I was obsessed about it then one day I didn't need the cokes anymore and I drink sparkling water or tap water now. 
I have no idea if this is a danger zone for you. I occasionally drink Erdinger when I want to sit in the pub and be social with a drink. I like the taste as I get so sick of sweet soft drinks or sparkling water. I don't find it triggers a desire for alcohol for me I can have one when I like it and easily stop. I guess I just wanted to say for me it is a fine way of dealing with situations or environments I might otherwise want a normal beer. Everyone is different though. What does your gut/instinct say to you about this?
I used to drink it for the taste when I first quit drinking and I don't think it caused me any harm though eventually I stopped because beer actually tastes pretty bad imho! I changed to sparkling water. I liked how I could drink the NA beers cold and feel refreshed without having to worry about alcohol. I also brought them to parties if I wanted to have something in my hand and if people asked I told them it was NA beer because I don't drink but they rarely asked. But I have definitely heard people say that it can be a gateway and it can make you crave the real thing more. It wasn't like that for me but I can see how it could be. Some people say that the residual alcohol content in them is triggering for alcoholics but the ones I bought have as much alcohol as orange juice. I certainly didn't get an alcohol effect from them - I know that because I'd have one or two and then be done for the night which I could never do with real beer. So all I can say is it depends on you. In my opinion if you think it's risky to try them stay away it's not worth it. They're not that good. 
What I don't like about NA beers is the mindset that somehow I still need to keep the alcohol light on.  I used to think I drank beer for the taste but that only made me reach for the first one maybe.  The commensurate X bottles were from the alcohol...What you wrote about the taste and aroma on a hot day-that could easily develop into a trigger for me.  "Gimme the real thing!" especially considering that most NA beer tastes like dishwater to me.  ..For me I avoid NA beers mocktails marijuana etc.   It's the mindset of needing/wanting a substance that I just want to steer clear of.   To each their own though so if it works for you then so be it.  Bear in mind thought that some people have relapsed from NA beers.   
Not a gateway for me.  I've had 4 in the fridge for a month.  Real beer would stand a chance!  To me its not worth the heavy carbs. I'd rather have a sparkling water and I love beer..
