-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vsn7o/being_great_at_day_one/

So great that I never bothered to get any further.  .I want to give you an assured IWNDWYT but I've broken so many agreements with myself that any promise I make feels like a lie.  I spent my last three Day One's doing absolutely nothing telling myself nothing matters as long as I don't drink tonight and then getting to tonight and remembering (again) how much it sucks to have spent a precious day having gotten no further in digging myself out of the world of shit I wake up to every morning and what I like to do when it feels like the world has grasped me by the throat.  .I resolve to let my imagination fill today with activities but hope is stunted because of how many times I've tried something new I thought would work and still found myself at the end of the day doing the one thing I know I should not be doing.  .I requested a badge and intend to account for my actions.  I am trying to think of what could make this day different from all the others so that I might not want to drink at the end of it but the only thing I can think of would be not drinking.  I would try to write something constructive but the optimism shop where I live is all sold out.  I've wiped my vision of the future clean as snow so many times that my heart thinks it's winter.  .I like to complain but self-pity isn't exactly The Most Helpful Thing For Not Drinking.  Last night I dreamt that I was laying in a field and a white butterfly landed on my face.  It's wings turned my vision white and my next thought (as I awoke hungover) was that maybe today would be different.  .There are things written in this subreddit that moved me when nothing else would.  I envy the success of every person here even and especially when the only success to be had is posting to be accountable for relapse.  I only have hope because I think one day that I will have hope and that in-itself is hope.  .For what little it's worth coming from me IWNDWYT.  
----------immediate responses--------

It's been over 40 years of drinking hell for me but today I'm sober . Many thanks for your help in keeping me sober today. Your company is a treasure in my early recovery
I guess the trick is to have day 1 followed immediately by a other day 1 ...dont think back or beyond that point. I have a trip with my longest pal at the weekend. Only 1 day but i am already trying to plan my reasons not to drink lots of wine like we used to. I will not drink with you today....
Stay strong friend! In one of several support groups I use they say "It works if you work it." I think that this is true. Someone here on SD said something about no more zeros. Instead of doing nothing do something simple at first. Just posting on how you feel here at SD several times during this day 1 might help. Lots of links for wisdom and encouragement on the side bar here also.  I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
I've a had a TON of day ones.  I sure do like the look of my "2" right over there ;)
