-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vu2qa/100_days_today/

So...I am so very proud of making it to 100 days. It's the longest I have been sober since February 2012. ..Mentally I do not beat myself up any more for drinking...Don't wake up with that guilt dread self-hatred and remorse like I would morning after morning when I had realized alcohol was causing me problems. ..Coming home after work most days I don't have to resist the urge to head straight for the kitchen for a drink...or the nearest happy hour. Some days the urge is strong though. ..I have more money since I don't buy booze all the time or the food that goes with it! Or by buzz shopping and just spending money like I have it when I don't!..I have always suffered with depression and anxiety. So..I can't say that my anxiety is gone. It is one of the reasons that I drank to begin with. I also can't say that my depression is gone. Also another reason I drank. ..Physically there is improvement. No weight loss...but I haven't tried. Palms aren't red any more and the itching has stopped (THANK GOD it was heinous). Side pain is nearly gone now. It was quite prevalent before. Probably another month or so before I don't feel it at all. ..I have really struggled the last two days with wanting (feeling that I need) a drink. It's the 'needing' part that is the problem. It's what caused me to dive head first into the perils of alcohol. I am so glad that there was no alcohol in the house last night....because I fear that I may have caved. My husband is still a very active drinker...as well as our adult offspring. So at some point or another there is usually some sort of alcohol being consumed several times a week. If not daily with them seemingly alternating the days that they drink (\*eye roll\*). ..For now I remain steadfast. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats . I'm happy for you and your freedom from the control of drinking everyday . I was in the same place . Not anymore !!!!  
Congratulations on 100 days! It's a big achievement. It's also not unusual to get cravings at milestones so keep up the great work. It keeps getting better I promise...IWNDWYT 
Strong work!   
Congratulations! Just stay strong. :) I sometimes compare not drinking to working out. Every time I say no it's gets just a little bit easier..It's impressive how well you're doing with active drinking so close at hand! Good job :D
Congrats &amp; I'll personally join you in celebrating...Hahaha
We remain steadfast with you on this. One day at a time.
Well done that's a fantastic achievement. I will not drink with you today.  
Congratulations sober twin!..I'm feeling great and I'm loving having more money. I've also found the last week really hard with family visiting and everyone drinking (my favourite champagne) every night. However the thought of triple figures kept me going!..I also treated myself to an expensive face pack and foundation with the money I've saved so I can look radiant and fresh while they nurse their hangovers!..I'll look out for you on the 150 day mark!  Keep it up xxx
Amazing! It's a tough road but you go girl! I will not drink with you today  
Congratulations! 100 days was my favorite milestone so far even better than a year. I still get urges sometimes. In fact on Day 366 I went to Walmart and bought a 6 pack of non alcoholic beer. I've never done that before but it's better than buying what I really wanted! ..Other times I just like to take a minute and realize that yes I have an urge to drink. That's fine. It'll pass. Just because I have an urge to drink doesn't mean I have to indulge it. I just recognize the urge and kinda think "Oh well this sucks..." and try to move on. ..And of course I like to remember HALTS. Hungry angry lonely tired sad. Usually one of those is why I want to drink. (Lately it's been 'lonely' because my husband is gone at Basic Training for 3 months...) ..Hang in there! You're doing great!
