-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vvjg1/do_you_still_exist_in_the_same_form_as_before_or/

Email I received from an ex-boyfriend at 3:28 a.m. this morning.  (Hmmm wonder what he was doing up at that hour?)  This was a relationship I was in at the height of my worst addictive behavior.  In hindsight I look back at this period in my life with so much cringe I often try to ignore it or block it out from my memory. I was drinking close to a liter of vodka a day taking whatever drug crossed my path and seriously involved in a co-dependent addiction fueled borderline abusive relationship with this man...I have learned long ago that engaging with this man is not a wise path for me to travel but his message did get me thinking how I would respond to the question posed.  I suppose an entirely new form is the most correct answer; certainly not the same form as before.  Since the time my relationship with this man ended I have moved across the country built a career for myself established a safe and secure life for myself developed a trusting relationship with my new partner and - perhaps most importantly - am nearing one year sober from all mind altering substances...The truth of the matter is this man wouldn't like me as I am now.  He would not like this quiet meek less-confident and painfully self-aware version of myself.  He was attracted to the brash loud brave narcissistic grandiose extroverted mask of myself that I wore when under the influence.  And as I had this thought I realized........I miss that girl too.  ..I miss not second-guessing every step I take.  I miss making rash extreme decisions without concern for the consequences.  I miss the (albeit fake) confidence that alcohol gave me. I miss feeling on top of the world first in line baby-I'm-gonna-make-it.  Sobriety has brought me a quiet thoughtfulness that certainly leads to better decision making but exposed my damaged and bruised ego and battered self-esteem...I've been working on it. 337 days sober and sure maybe I open my mouth less often but when I do the answers I give tend to be more self-aware and well thought through.  Maybe I do have less confidence now but I also have the opportunity to build new self-esteem on a solid foundation.  And most importantly I shouldn't shy away or cringe at the memories of the girl who was drinking almost a liter of vodka a night and in a co-dependent relationship with an unfaithful man.  Because she got me here.  And the lessons that she learned are the ones that make me keep my mouth shut and my eyes and ears open.  ..I'm sorry for all the rambling.  I guess the point I am trying to make is - embrace your past.  Love your mistakes.  Learn to like every single imperfection and ugly spot and unique flaw because that is was makes you YOU. No one else has lived that journey.  I hear it over and over and over again in recovery but man - let me tell you I wouldn't trade any of it.  Not a single second.  Because I love the girl that's inside of me.  She was hurt and struggling for a long time and now she's healing and it feels SO. DAMN. GOOD.  ..IWNDWYT.  Happy 4th to my American friends!  Let's sober on together.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm crying happy tears of pride for you right now. Your testament is thoughtful and well-written. You clearly have a good mind and I'd wager from your progress and current state that you have a good heart too.  Thanks for sharing your story and I look forward to congratulating you on your amazing clean year in a couple weeks.  Be well and I will not drink with you today.
I am so proud of you! It's taken me years to break free of all the notions an abusive ex put in my mind.  YEARS! You should be so happy that you put in the work and are transformed! IWNDWYT    
Awesome!  Congratulations on Your Sober Journey !
I love love love this post. Oh Autumn! Such wisdom and gratitude. Thank you.
I u. 
Stupendous post. Bravo. ..Thank you for sharing your story with us. ..I'm pleased to say I will not drink with you today  ..You're an excellent writer too.
Beautifully written 
I just wrote a letter to my past self from my solidly sober future self.  Great thought about how the past versions of ourselves make the present improved version possible.  IWNDWYT.  Great post and insights!!!!!!
Beautiful 
Beautifully described. 
Just wanted to say this was a beautiful post thanks for sharing this :)
You can still be crazy and sober. I had an odd incident yesterday. I'm flying from Africa to Dubai and stopover in Kenya. Chatted to a fellow traveler and we clicked. Met her in the transit lounge and we started snogging. Completely nuts and irresponsible; the sort of thing drunk me would do. Then I realised I was sober and had a marvellous epiphany: I can be sober and nuts and the same time. Happy days. 
Hi autumn    
Absolutely marvelous. I am really proud of you. Thanks for sharing these well-written thoughts. 
What a beautiful post. 
" I guess the point I am trying to make is - embrace your past. Love your mistakes. Learn to like every single imperfection and ugly spot and unique flaw because that is was makes you YOU. No one else has lived that journey. I hear it over and over and over again in recovery but man - let me tell you I wouldn't trade any of it. Not a single second. Because I love the girl that's inside of me. She was hurt and struggling for a long time and now she's healing and it feels SO. DAMN. GOOD."  This was really good.  I have yet to actually embrace wasting 10 years.  I hope to get there.  IWNDWYT
This honestly made me tear up. Thank you. I needed that  
