-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vw5dy/today_my_first_day_after_relapsing/

Look time follower first time post. I have had this addiction follow me around for the past ten years I'm thirty now and have a 14 month old daughter. ..My drinking problem started well I was younger in my early 20's. I used to rarely drink alcohol before I turned 21 till my met this attractive woman who loved to go out and party drink and smoke weed I was with her about five years and that's when I started to drink more and more and now that I'm 30 I'm trying to break this habit and it's hard on me and my family. ..I quit for six days till last night and I regret everything 
----------immediate responses--------

Try again 
I got sober in AA...Almost no one gets sober on their own.  Having a support network in my area made a big difference.
This place is really helpful especially the first couple of days.  Come back here often read a lot post whenever you can.  Try to focus on the feeling you will have tomorrow morning when you wake up and realize that you did not drink the night before.  The relief I felt that first morning was incredible.  ...All the usual advice is good:  Take deep breaths go to meeting and see if that's helpful take a walk keep hydrated take a walk.  ...Hang in there!
Getting sober takes energy...keep coming back...post and read through your cravings..IWNDWYT  :-) 
Welcome!   ..Firstly don't get down on yourself.  It's understandable to feel regret after relapse but the fact that you came right back here speaks volumes.  ..It often helps to have a guide program plan of action etc.  Some people go to support groups IRL like AA.  Others have had success with self-help books like This Naked Mind a popular book here.  Still others have picked up ideas piecemeal and put their own plan into action.  ..I'm the sort of person that needs a how-to guide ha.  I needed someone to say "To break an addiction do A B C and D."   That's what SMART helped me with.  I bought the workbook online read it over a weekend and implemented it.   ..You mentioned the magic word:  addiction.  Changing addictive behavior is something that takes time and commitment.  Commitment is possibly the most important concept to grasp.  It all starts there.  Recognizing that addiction is the issue means you're a lot further along in recovery than you might think.  ..Perhaps take a look at some options and see if one resonates with you.  When you're ready you can grab a badge and take the daily pledge here not to drink.  It's a great tool.   
