-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vx2p9/guys_i_am_really_struggling_over_80_days_sober/

I've had a rough year it's a miracle I've stayed sober this long. I'm under an extreme amount of pressure and it just doesn't stop. I can't stop thinking about an escape. Just shut my brain off for one evening. I know it's dangerous to even consider it. I'm having a full blown anxiety attack at the thought of not soothing myself with a drink. ..But then I think of tomorrow morning and how disgusted I will be with myself if I drink tonight. I just can't win I'm miserable now I'll be miserable tomorrow. ..Sorry just a rant. I'm under a tremendous amount of pressure right now and don't have a support network that doesn't stress me out. I have certain physical appearance requirements for my work and I'm just exhausted trying to be physically flawless 24/7. There's no room for error and I'm just at my breaking point. I feel like all I do is work on and maintain my appearance 24/7. I want to lock myself in my apt with some wine and just turn off my phone. Maybe start smoking cigarettes again. Those were the days. ..Everyone I know wants or takes something from me. I feel like all I do is give give give. I hate everyone I know. I'm expected to give myself completely to others and get treated like a disposable commodity in return. ..I won't do it. I won't drink today. But for fucks sake it sounds heavenly. Thanks for listening to my rant. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear you are struggling and that you have all these external pressures. 80 days is so amazing. You're a champion. ..I don't really have much advice but can you perhaps treat yourself to something nice; maybe not for you/your appearance if you are tired of dealing with that but something for your apartment maybe? I mean if you're thinking of locking yourself away in there for a moment? I only say this because on the weekend I went to IKEA and bought a lamp. I never spend money on myself I am constantly broke but somehow I never finch at buying booze. So I bought a lamp - it was only $12 so I didn't break the bank or anything - LOL-  and a pinboard for my creative ideas and darn it made me super happy just having these two things in my home - where I spend most of my time stressing about wanting to booze-it-up. Kind of helped me refocus on the fact that yes I do actually deserve to be happy and not feel guilty about happiness. ..Always glad to lend an ear to a good rant. I hope the tension and anxiety eases up for you mate. 
I've been there in many ways. Is a pet an option? ..Dogs can be an awesome loving stress-relieving companion. ..If not you just need a good hobby to distract you...Congratulations on 80 days! IWNDWYT!
Let us be that one support network that doesn't stress you out...Rant all you like. You sound like you need a vacation. Stress can be lethal too...I will not drink with you today 
I *totally * get those same feelings. I'm mad at my life and everything in it and just wanna feel better even for a minute... But this time I'm going to try to wait all this out.  If I'm still miserable with it all at least I'll be sober enough to care to change it. .Iwndwyt
Rant away .... i totally can relate to exactly what u just said. ..Just remember something though alcohol is exactly like those people it will ALSO expect u to give give give.... energy money  health and time etc as it's easy to be fooled by its illusions of escape when in fact it's the BIGGEST thief of them all. What we believe is it giving us something is in fact a lie as it takes. ..I'm struggling with the stress component myself and trying to fill the void of where the  the "timeout" was.  We just got to be more creative now whether excersise writing meditation and stay mindful that alcohol is 10x  more needy then people demanding our time. ..It's a struggle I completely get it as now  it's all about finding the new healthy way to achieve that " timeout". ..Stay strong my friend ! IWNDWYT! ..
Jeez it would be nice if you had one of those karaoke places in town where you can just rent out a room by yourself and just scream if you want. I'm thinking I might have to if I make it over 30 Days. 
