-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8vxsnr/really_struggling_tonight_any_tips/

Had a great week of sobriety. First in over a year thanks to this group. No work tomorrow and doing everything I can not to go grab a six pack even though i know I'll regret it later. Any tips on defeating acute temptation?
----------immediate responses--------

Go for a run 
Call your mom or dad to say hi 
Eat something sweet. Chocolatey goodness.
Think about why you wanted to stop drinking . How you'll feel tomorrow . I'm not going to drink  . I wanna feel good tomorrow . 
I'm struggling too.  Going through some major emotions &amp; drama tonight and currently am absolutely livid.  I'm just going to keep coming here and reading posting occasionally and taking deep breaths.  I've felt like this before when I was drinking and I know damn well that adding booze to this situation only makes things worse - exponentially.  ...Hang in there.  IWNDWYT
Food food and then food. Chocolate or ice cream to follow it up.
My best cure when I get a bite from the booze bug is to try to find something to do for someone else. Help a friend. Call a family member. Write a letter of appreciation for someone you care about. It gets me out of my own head and quiets the temptation. ..Serving others has saved my life more times than I can count. 
I like to do anything to distract myself. Clean the apartment. Read. Watch a movie. ..Anything that isn't drinking is a win.
Want to thank everyone who engaged with me on this post. May seem like a small deal but you each had a part in helping me stay sober tonight. Thank you all and God bless you.
Playing the tape forward always helps me. Imagining how shitty I'll feel in the morning and how disappointed I will be for breaking my streak has worked every time I had an urge. 
Go to Smart Recovery under the resources tab.  There are lots of tools.  One for cravings is DEADS: Delay escapeavoid/acceptdeny substitute. Or play the tape forward.  IWNdWYt
I have struggled a couple days and I am 15 days in. I focused on why I was quitting in the first place. I also played in my head the sequence of my drinking behavior from the first sip to second beer to a six pack etc. and I thought about how I felt in each moment. I remember feeling pretty good after the first couple and progressively desiring to drink more and more the shitty taste in my mouth the incoherence and eventually passing out and waking up with my heart racing like I'm gonna die and then feeling like total shit the next day. I really focused on this feeling until I just hated the thought of going through it yet again. I took a walk and went for a ride and I told myself not to give into the lie I was feeding myself. Somehow I got past the day and the next day I felt completely different. No cravings. So if you can take it Day to day and play the tape back as to why you quit and what starting over looks like. I hope it works for you. Tell yourself the shit is poison! Cause it is! IWNDWYT
