-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8w9qkp/how_many_of_you_did_it_without_aa/

i had gone to a bunch of AA classes in the past but seems like when i lost my previous job last year is when it all clicked for me. that created in me a deep hatred of my lifestyle and a switch went off in my head-eliminating the trees and the drinking. ..so i've been to one AA meeting in the past 7 months in support of a friend but i find that keeping a perpetually busy schedule is quite effective. ..my buddy who i went to that AA meet who admittedly is kind of an idiot keeps giving me crap that my being in the gym doing the church thing volunteering praying reading a lot and studying isn't good enough. ..that fool can't go two weeks w/out relapsing. it's just been bothering me lately so just wanted to know how many of you are out there. 
----------immediate responses--------

So far so good for me.  I haven't been to one AA meeting.  My sister was in one and it worked for her it is not for me.  Who knows maybe one day I will go and it will be the best thing ever.  I think and this is me you gotta do what works for you.  Church you got your higher power gym taking care of your body volunteering giving to others and keeping busy again self care; sounds like you are doing fine.  ..Keeping the Lizard brain in check and reach out when I need help is working for me...IWNDWYT
If it is working for you keep doing what you are doing.  I was heavily involved with AA and NA af first then found myself getting more involved in helping some small churches and now I am back to AA for service work.  As long as you know it's there if you need it. The service work is crucial IMHO whyher you are doing it in AA or just volunteer work.  Good luck. ..IWNDWYT 
I went to 2 but also not for me. I've changed my diet and have a goal of buying a home.  I discovered a sober bar and have attended and socialized without booze. This community is great for recovery.
He sounds like a knucklehead. You do you Boo. ..I will not drink with you today!
I haven't been to a meeting but I do plan to if I ever feel like my resolve is weakening.  My son (almost 3 years clean and sober) is VERY active and has a leadership role in NA/AA.  He says he wouldn't be sober if he weren't working the steps.  So far I'd say SD is doing the job for me.
Imo the goal of stopping drinking or any vice is to convince your subconcious that for various reasons you no longer want to partake in the activity. With drinking AA helps thta by reminding you of all the negative experiences people go through. You can do the same if you inundate yourself through this sub or other info
I had some drug counseling in my early 20s and I'm 40+ now I have used some of the lessons I learned then for quitting drinking now. 
I don't go to AA. There isn't one path to sobriety but you certainly have to do things other than putting down the booze which you're clearly doing. 
I've never been to AA. SD and a library card has gotten me this far and I'm doing pretty great I feel like. ..AA is wonderful for so many but not all. You do you! 
There are many paths up the same mountain.
I think the key is finding the combination of strategies that work for oneself. Everyone is different in how they live in how they drank in how they stop drinking so I just never think there is only one solution to anything really...I had been thinking of 'slowing down' for years. YEARS. I would go 30 days here or there with the goal of 30 days and on day 31 get shitfaced and hungover for three days thinking "wow I felt so good when I wasn't drinking" but I thought drinking was normal way of life - because it was and still is for my friends and family...I woke up one day inspired by a friend who has been sober for 2 years and I thought. I'm done. I had 30 years of drunken stories near death experiences horrifyingly embarrassing behavior  missed work throw up in my hair slept with random guys black outs galore. I was unhealthy and I was unahppy and I was done...I didn't go to AA. I went to the gym and I read and posted a lot on here. I focused on healing and I focused on other activities other than drinking. I went to one Refuge Recovery meeting - and keep thinking I'll go to another one maybe soon to check in with some kindred folks.  I find that is what I'm missing 'doing it on my own' is that I tend to find myself seeking the company of people who 'used to drink' or 'used to have a problem with addiction' and are actively working on becoming a better person...that's the people I seek. Those actively trying to be better people. ..So. Whether I find it at an addiction recovery focused meeting a yoga  class or talking with someone in a park - I think what helps me stay sober is being around people who are open to learning from mistakes and moving on with a goal to be a better person...Thanks for the question - it was helpful for me to write some things out here in response :) ..I'm here not drinking with you today xo
No AA here been thinking of going for a couple weeks but havent built up the courage yet.
I tried AA years ago and found it to be unhelpful. I read *This Naked Mind* got myself busy fixing the parts of my life that were dysfunctional and have been sober for longer than I ever dreamed possible. I don't have any desire to drink and I feel like a different person. I even got my driver's license back!
I have been two maybe 5 meetings but they didn't really work for me- busy schedule and all that. The people I meet at AA were great- all sooo different but we all shared the same evil problem...For me this sub is my AA and I must say that it is amazing and helped me in sooo many ways...Whatever works for u don't worry what others say as long as u are not drinking- it is all positive!!
AA has helped countless people but I do not believe it is the only way to get and stay sober.  ..In my experience whatever the path not drinking is better than drinking. Less pain less regrets more life.  With that said I think some of the steps provided in AA would benefit any human being. Taking a fearless moral inventory comes to mind. Also surrounding yourself with people who don't center their lives around alcohol can be incredibly helpful.  Hearing from and reading about people who have gone through hell and made it out the other side has helped me feel less isolated and given me strength in times when the urge to drink has manifested itself. ..Also not everyone subscribes to the notion that alcoholism is a   disease  or that your are an alcoholic because of some  genetic predisposition.  Some people like myself believe that alcohol is simply and addictive poisonous substance that can affect anyone regardless of their genes and family history.   Stay away from it and work on improving yourself and the fruits will be self-evident. ..I previously took over a year off from drinking alcohol. My life improved exponentially. I then tried to moderate and found it was a fool's game.  In my experience not drinking and working on being my best self is ultimately much  more rewarding and satisfying than a life with alcohol.  
I am doing it with this sub a counselor and a lot of stubborn persistence. I'll never let alcohol win in the long term! IWNDWYT.
I went to a few meetings.  I appreciate the fact that AA has helped a lot of people but it's not for me.  They wanted me to commit hours every day to meetings book study service work that I just didn't have time for.     (I have a crazy work schedule and a wife with a torn ACL at home)I couldn't wrap my head on identifying as an  alcoholic  nor centering my life around a dangerous and deadly habit that I would rather put and leave in the past.  This Naked Mind helped out a lot more than anything else.  I highly recommend it.  Volunteer work (on you own time not someone else's) diet and working out also helped for me.
For me getting sober without A.A. was impossible. It never seemed to stick going it alone. But if what you're doing works for you keep it up.
It strikes me that going to church/praying/volunteering has not helped all that much. Rather than praying for the alcoholic who still suffers/calling to help him/giving your friend advice that maybe he needs more than AA. You have chosen to just call him a fool and an idiot. He obviously is still suffering and certainly may need more help that AA can offer today. Most people don't get it the first time around or have a higher pain threshold than I did.
While AA has been an incredible help for me the groups I attend are very adamant that "AA does not corner the market on sobriety." It is a very personal decision and need. Some people require the support and conversation therapy aspects others need to avoid those same things. ..Openmindedness has to go both ways. If an AA asks that someone be open minded to the ideas of the program the should also be open to the fact that some people don't fit the same archetype. 
No AA. Occasionally l will go to a meeting though to support someone else or just to see what it's all about. Over four years of sobriety and maybe half a dozen meetings...Do whatever works for you there aren't any rules ya know ;)
AA doesn't really agree with me very well.  I don't like the programmed aspect and the religious overtones. ..Just reading submissions and comments on this sub has been FAR more beneficial than AA ever was for me...Also the day counter thing is great.
I haven't used AA. My core beliefs don't coincide with the core beliefs of AA. I believe that I am the higher power. I don't think any less of those who use AA anything but booze.
No AA for me. Made the decision to quit; read naked mind that first week; read this sub regularly; been alcohol free since. 
I am thankful that AA exists. I think it's been a an integral part of many alcoholics' sobriety. I think it has imparted some very good wisdom on me through others...However it's not for me.* Never been once. ..*Though I always told myself that should I find "my path" to not be working I should keep an open mind to reconsider. 
I did the AA thing for about 3 years. Some meeting were great. Some made me want  drink. I dont go any more. But it is not a bad program. Im glad to know they are there though.
Gotten this far without AA. I do think we all need some support systems in place and AA is an easy way to get that in real life. I'm building my own and it's working it just takes more time this way.
I believe we all had different paths in our drinking lives and all can have different paths in sobriety.  ..With that said AA worked for me.  The most important part of AA for me was the fellowship.  Meaning finding friends that can have fun without drinking.  Finding people to share our experience strength and hope.  I could not have found that without AA.  ..In my experience the people I know that said AA was not for them did not fair well.  That does not mean the only way to stay sober is AA.  That just means the people I knew that fought AA were fighting a different battle...I just found this sub about 2 months ago.  I have been very impressed.  I can certainly see many of the same values in AA here.  I can certainly see how someone can stay sober outside of the AA rooms.  I would also say that without something...AA r/stopdrinking or something similar...I personally would struggle.  I did not have the will-power to do it on my own.
I've never gone to AA. This sober-streak is the longest I've had since high school and I have this community to thank for that. What I found worked was a platform of daily accountability designed for people who have more in common than they think they do and being that this one is always here for me in my pocket is an advantage SD has over AA. I think being strong-armed
No AA for me it's been just fine
I don't like fellowship with groups of people AA would be hell on earth for me.  My Mom loves AA and still goes after 36 years sober go figure...
Personally hated AA. Big groups of people depressing stories too much religious focus. But good for the people it works for (I personally know several and would never take away from their journey). I quit using this sub This Naked Mind lots of La Croix and journaling. It's a daily struggle some days much easier than others. Do whatever works for you. 
I am. I'm almost 90 days and haven't been to a meeting. I live in a super small town so I'd either have to subject myself to potential drama/gossip or travel far for meetings plus I just don't buy into structured programs of any sort. I like to do things on my own because I know I'm strong enough if I believe in myself...I also look forward to [weekly podcasts](https://m.facebook.com/this12steplife/) on facebook by one of my favorite band singers (Jack Grisham) who has been sober like 29 years. You can catch them on Sundays. I also read and re-read his book [A Principle of Reocvery](https://www.amazon.com/Principle-Recovery-Unconventional-Journey-Through/dp/0692520538) whenever I need words of wisdom.
I've never been to an AA meeting and I don't feel a need for it in my life.  SD is my main resource I am here daily.  It is an incredibly effective community.  ..SD and This Naked Mind were my foundation.  I have added running and yoga to my routine I'm eating healthier foods and I'm starting to read again.  I'm essentially adding back all of the things that make me feel human.  And it's working really really well.  I haven't had a drink in 71 days and I don't want one...I am all for every person doing whatever works for them whether that's AA or SD or just staying busy.  More power to you - keep up the great work!
Allen Carr's Stop Drinking Now and the first 30 days of success helped me escape and make it to 250 days. The reddit badge helps a ton too. ..I recently reset due to vacation drank a bit (1 beer with dinner twice then 4 drinks in a day socially). I'm just happy I can walk away from it easily now. It still bothers my mind a bit and I still get random urges wanting a beer for "something different" but I've definitely realized that life is better without it. ..AA wasn't for me so other books and productivity take its place.
I've never went to a meeting but never felt like I needed a support system for it. I didn't quit in the normal fashion. I took a break for a month to lower my tolerance and clear my head but felt so good that I never went back. Well aside from one day to basically prove that I can't drink responsibly and that I made the right choice. Only ever considered going to a meeting just to meet fellow sobernauts.
While I am happy it helps so many people the AA approach is not what I personally believe in 
I did it without AA.  I have lots of anxiety and being in a group of people I don't know yet is something I don't want to do.  Plus higher power? Not for me thanks.  I don't ever plan on going...This sub helped me a lot and I read Allen Carr's "easy way to stop drinking" (got it from the library).  The book seems kinda silly in places but it really gets you thinking about things and kinda changes the way you think about drinking..
After my 5th meeting last week I realized AA isn't for me either but I do appreciate the physical fellowship/community.  I see both my therapist and psychiatrist via video conference but it's nice to actually talk to other people in the flesh who are going through a similar process.  SD and Daybreak (i.e. Hello Sunday Morning) have been critical to my year-long(+) sobriety journey but my LifeRing meetings (secular recovery; How was your week?) have been the most supportive and grounding so far.
I didn't work any program. I'm just an all or nothing person. Hell I didn't even start drinking until 18 or 19 giving in to the social anxiety and norms of my fellow college aged friends. What made me quit was I was not getting where I wanted in life or getting out of it what I wanted. That and my wife said enough is enough and if I didn't quit or figure it out she was going to move back home with my son. Plenty of motivation right there to help me cut the cord and walk away from alcohol. Now 2 years later we've since had a beautiful girl and are moving to a bigger city and starting an exciting new chapter of our lives. All of this only possible because I cut that one negative habit out of my life.
I did. I went to one meeting at 1 year sober and then I found this sub and never looked back. everyone is different but this just works for me. anyways just wanted to share my experience. Thank you for being here
