-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wdy69/therapists_and_and_outpatient_rehab_woes/

I have got to say that getting professional help is harder than it would seem.  I have seen two therapists about problem drinking and both have seemed at a loss for solutions and kept trying to redirect to other issues of mine that they would apparently prefer to deal with instead (such as trying to talk about my love life and counsel me re: my partner).  One literally said to me after I reported that I had tried her suggestions but hadn't been able to resist drinking since we last saw each other that "I don't know what else to tell you."  Her advice was eat ice cream and meditate.   ...I later tried outpatient therapy (IOP) which seems to be more of a tool of punishment than recovery.  It was truly a joke.  There was no curriculum no real point just a couple of recovered addicts talking about themselves and showing us Hollywood movies with vague addiction themes.  I know my experience was subpar so don't let it deter you if you ever think of going but I genuinely can't believe that that passed as outpatient therapy.  The only positive I got from it was seeing other normal respectable people there and realizing that so many of us struggle with this and that we're not bad people etc...What the frick mate?  Is this the state of addiction therapy in the US or am I just having an extra hard time?  The therapist who told me to meditate and eat ice cream works primarily with substance abuse types but has no personal background with it or much insight at all.  I've also had a problem with therapists listing addiction therapy and/or CBT on their profiles then having little to no experience with those things.    ...I am really trying here and it took me years just to get the guts to seek professional help.  I'm so taken aback that it's so hard to find quality support!
----------immediate responses--------

In many ways it takes one to know one.   This is why AA works for so many of us.
AA is ultimately what helped me. I had a therapist I thought was good until I got into AA. He was just like you described redirecting to other problems not focusing on my objectives. He disapproved of AA &amp; that was a source of tension. I just started with another therapist who has specific training in addiction &amp; trauma &amp; told her up front AA has got to be part of this for me that I'm focused on certain issues over others etc. So I hope that helps keep us on track. It can be really hard &amp; emotionally draining trying to find a good therapist. I genuinely hope 3rd time is a charm for you. 
I would ask one simple question of any therapist before I would see them. Are you in recovery and the individual doesn't answer yes or is not certified with years of being in that area. I would not you use that person.
Another vote for AA.
Therapists who aren't specifically trained to help addicts may not be much help to you.  Our brains are simply NOT wired like the general population and the approach can't be the same.  ..MY IOP was amazing and I've spent time with people who work for others and in general feel that the can be really helpful early in recovery.  Not too sure why you've been struggling to find a good program.  Every one I know of is hella structured and geared to setting a foundation for recovery.  ..Another vote for AA FWIW.  Alcoholics helping alcoholics has long been the route to recovery and there's a reason so many of us like it.
I hope you can find a Licensed A&amp;D counselor......someone who is trained in addiction......I've been in therapy with non A&amp;D therapists who have said that my drinking was understandable given my situation!.Now...my situation truly sucks but drinking does not make it easier or better..A LADC will hear concerns about drinking in a different way...IWNDWYT  :-) 
They were going to make me take UIs at outpatient. Even though I was going to be enrolling of my own volition. The therapist I spoke to when I was taking my questionnaire and doing startup paperwork kept shaking her head saying (srsly) "I wish you were here on a court order so I could have you sent straight to inpatient" and shit like that. She mentioned she had no history of substance abuse herself and had never enjoyed drinking. She also kept insisting I must be drinking from underlying issues. Like sure I have issues like everyone else but the main problem in my life at that time was the goddamn booze.  I went straight to a bar from that appointment. ..I so hope you keep trying and find what you need. And I kinda agree with others who suggest screening for therapists who themselves have a history of addiction. You are doing a great job by continuing to seek help for yourself. Keep it up and keep us posted. 
