-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wp1ju/whered_my_flair_go_today_is_365_days_boom_goes/

Holy shit what a difference a year makes.  One day at a time flies by.  365 days ago I was in the hospital with acute alcoholic pancreatitis.  Two weeks later I was discharged went directly to rehab and haven't looked back...For all you lurkers and folks that are struggling just realize you'll feel so much better after about 30 days.  Then amazing things start to happen.   ..For me that included my wife giving birth to our baby girl buying a house and getting a great new job.  JUST DON'T DRINK TODAY.  Don't think too much!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!! Badges are having some issues but they'll be showing soon! 
IWNDWYT congrats!
Nice work! Woot woot!
WOO! Nice work! 
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Well done!!!
That's fantastic DJWestBest. Congratulations and nice work    you're an inspiration    IWNDWYT. 
Congrats!
Happy year to you! We don't need no stinkin' badges even on our banner days :)
Congrats on the year achievement!  That's really great and I'm happy to hear that your family is growing too!  I will not drink with you today!
There it is.  365!  Congratz
Wow!! That's amazing! Congratulations   My father got sober shortly after I was born 30+ years ago and I think it was the greatest gift he's given me. My life/I would be so different if he had kept drinking. Your sobriety makes a huge impact on your family. 
Happy anniversary! Awesome stuff
Whooohoo to you and your amazing life and love and a baby girl!       ..Wonderful perfect advice. Just don't drink today and don't think too much. That is enough and we can do that.  ..IWNDWYT 
As soon as I read "BOOM goes the dynamite" someone in my neighborhood lit off some loud fireworks.
Happy sober circle around the sun!!
One year is a great milestone congrats!
Hurray for one year!! Well done.
Wonderful!! Congratulations! So happy for you! Isn't it wonderful to be out of that shit hole?!    .Iwndwytd 
Congrats on one whole year! IWNDWYT! 
Well done!
Flairs look like they're fixed today. Was an issue yesterday. 
Way to go congrats on one year!
amazing ... congrats!
Congratulations. What a wonderful new life it is indeed. 
Congrats!! And all the positive things in your life that are happening awesome :)
Congrats!     
Congrats!!!
Beautiful!  I see your smiley face star - LOOKS good Congrats !!!!!
