-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wqylu/today_the_struggle_is_real/

I'm 143 days sober and really struggling today. All I've done is work since I quit drinking. Life wouldn't be better with alcohol but it certainly wouldn't be worse. ..I can tell I've been getting majorly taken advantage of since I quit. My wife quit her job and shows no ambition to get something else going. She doesn't have any issue spending while I'm working which is extremely depressing. ..It seems being broke is the only true motivator for some to seek employment. I've worked the same job for 13 years now and for the past 5 months I've worked like a dog...I know that she hates me drinking. So I sadly feel like if I start drinking again she will compromise with getting employment to get me to stop again. It's sad that people will use you like this. And it's even more sad that I feel like this would be a requirement to get her going so I can have a break from work. ..And no a therapist doesn't help. Tried that and it didn't help at all. ..Frustration is becoming overwhelming. ..Good day to all and I hope your quit is going better than mine. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes I find just stating out loud what my major issue is to my partner is the thing I have to do.  Change doesn't really happen without a shove.  I have heard that many relationships do not weather one partner getting sober or both partners for that matter.  I've come to realize that my partner doesn't seem to want a life that's compatible with what I want and need.  It's been hard to accept this.  But I've slowly made the changes I need to make to be able to move on with my life even though I haven't yet decided to leave.
Nothing makes me want to drink and drink until I can't remember my name like relationship issues...that struggle is real! I wish you luck with navigating those...it's so hard.
I have a right to talk to people and say  hey-guess what.  This isn't working for me.  Yadda-yadda has to change.  Starting now.   I forgot I had that right.  Most importantly IWNDWYT (it's so not true that drinking couldn't make things worse we all know it does.  Thinking otherwise is a fantasy remember?) 
What? Man you have to tell her you need a work-life balance ASAP. That's not fair for her to have all the life and you to have all the work... If she's not willing to do that then you're probably not going to be happy with her ever. 
if drinking wouldn't make your life worse I can't see how you would have found the strength to quit for 143 days. probably not the answer to your problems. ..good luck.
Have you looked into AA?  AA isn't detox.  It's a nonprofit fellowship and program for living contently without alcohol.  I had no tools for dealing with life after i knew alcohol was no longer working.  I do now and I'm grateful for my new life in sobriety.  Hope you find some answers.  Be well.
I'll survive another day sober. It's starting to become extremely difficult but with another day in the books maybe tomorrow will be better. Thanks everyone for your input sometimes just a little rant makes a person feel better. ..This situation has definitely been a major topic but it doesn't seem to change anything. I know that crashing myself to force the issue isn't the answer. Unfortunately knowing that it works makes it difficult not to use when your frustrated. ..Like everyone here one beer isn't of interest. I want them all when I want a drink. Staying sober is almost a life or death choice anymore. 
I know for me months 4-9 was the hardest time for me to stop drinking. ..It wasn't that I wanted to drink everyday during that time but more that I ran into a lot of situations where in the past I'd chose to drink instead of working through frustrations. Staying sober made me address those tough situations head on and I wasn't always well prepared for those discussions/or internal battles. ..In those months i was in a fragile state on edge and having to learn on the fly. It was frustrating and extremely draining...What I think was happening I was learning to draw boundaries about situations that were no longer acceptable for me where in the past I would've ignored what was best and just drank...Good luck and take it one day at a time. You're getting better everyday even though it may not always feel like it. 
