-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wsne0/im_really_struggling/

One month in and I have started craving drinks again. I had a relatively easy first month in that regard. Its really weighing on me. I had someone I know call me boring and badger me pretty relentlessly yesterday about it and it really stuck with me. I can't shake the feeling now that maybe I am boring now. I don't know. Maybe this will just be a hard week but it really sucks when your resolve gets shaken...I won't drink with you tonight. And I hope I won't tomorrow night. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there. Don't know if anyone's mentioned it but there's often a patch of poor mental health in the first few weeks. I usually expect people to hit it sometime between 2 and 4 weeks but it really does vary. Sorry to hear you're having a rough time. It does get better! Well done on that first month - that's great!
Anyone who doesn't support your decision is not really worth having in your life. This is your journey. You need to protect your sobriety with the selfish intensity of a mother with her newborn. Don't give in! I've been going through the same thing and I realise it's more about my friends' issues with alcohol than anything else. ..IWDWYT and hope to see you back here tomorrow and the following day!
You know what is boring....people being rude ! Don't waiver you have a month under your belt...as i have said before if sober is boring then i welcome being a bore....rather that than drunk ! I will not drink with you today. 
There was nothing more boring to me than my time as alcoholic when drinking.  If I drink my whole existence is to get to the drink.  I say existence because when I drink I'm not really living.  In sobriety I feel life in me every morning .  I look forward to things.  I make plans.  I have hope. Life is fun again!..Everyone's journey is different but it takes time.  One day at a time is the path to a better life. IWNDWYT 
A life not remembered is boring. I would just distance myself from that person for now. If you are you're bored start a new hobby. I got into archery and as crazy as it sounds it's kind of transforming my life. You can do this. I won't drink with you today.
Sometime's reflecting back reminds us why we quit in the first place. Best of luck to you:."*...every time I drank I could not stop. One drink was impossible. I was frequently waking up with a sweat dehydrated and with a feeling of regret. I think if I keep it up it will kill me.*"
Deep down inside we know what's actually the next best step right?  If we want to stay on this sober path we sometimes need to shut out the negging.  Yesterday I got made fun of for not drinking beer and it didn't phase me at all.. that's what more time off drinking can do for us if we trust the process... if we stick to our guns there will be a day when we can see the negging for what it really is- peer pressure pure and simple- and it's not as earth shattering any more.  Because whatever people say it ultimately isn't true right?  They can say anything they can come up with to try to influence us to drink and we still won't want to.  Our addiction voice will do that too.  It gets weaker and less influential if we just don't listen and don't drink that booze.  Promise.  IWNDWYT 
Yes it really does suck when your resolve gets shaken. Especially when people are pushing against your resolve which may not have deep roots in the first place.  Sometimes its just self-centered and stupid pushing sometimes its really malignant and hurtful. Did the person who was badgering you by calling you boring want you to drink so that you would be more *entertaining* for *them*?  That's malignant! Here's an important distinction: that I am bored *does not* mean that YOU are boring.  Further it is not my job in life to see that you are not bored. It is my job to salvage what intelligence and heart I have at this moment and employ them in doing something that has meaning and purpose for me.  I hope you can shore up your resolve by reading posts from people who have decided to step away from not drinking by reading some of the books listed in the sidebar by visiting different approaches to sobriety by reviewing your own life and remembering whether or not the worst times had alcohol stirred into them or not. My desires to drink have little wispy hard to see emotional discomforts hidden in them. I've had to learn to see them and how to take care of them without alcohol.  And I can say with confidence IWNDWYT!  May you find your way to a life you love living!
It sounds like that person is a waste of your time. 
