-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wt4sy/a_lie_i_am_prepared_to_tell/

35F here sober for over two months after a decade of daily drinking. I am done for good this time and I am so relieved....I want to share with you a lie I am prepared to tell when someone asks me why I'm not drinking:...A good friend is in recovery and I am abstaining in solidarity.  I like this because it gives me an excuse to read recovery literature (for her obviously so that I can understand what she's going through!) and talk about alcohol's effects in an objective way without saying outright that I'm the one with the problem.  Sorry make-believe friend for throwing you under the bus but this will be good for both of us!...In my early days I worried a lot about how to tell others and how to explain why I am no longer drinking.  Part of my struggle was my hesitance to look directly at my issues with alcohol.  I didn't want to admit to myself that I had a problem with an addictive substance.  ...I continue to have a problem with the label "alcoholic."  I don't want to think of this as a lifelong affliction I want it to be something that I struggled with in the past figured out and solved through abstention.  I don't think of myself as an alcoholic and although this is vain I don't want others to think of me as an alcoholic.  I just don't find that label helpful or motivating.  ..I also don't feel like a fundamentally and permanently diseased individual that is powerless when it comes to alcohol.  That's not true at all.  Yes I made poor decisions and became physically dependent on a highly addictive substance.  Then I stopped using that substance and now I am no longer physically addicted.  ..I will continue to consciously choose not to drink every day but I don't consider that a trait of a lifelong disease.  I think of it more in terms of making fully informed decisions on a regular basis.  I was obese for half of my life and then I made drastic changes to my diet and exercise.  I have been a healthy weight now for over 15 years.  I still count calories to some degree and I do still spend quite a bit of time and energy choosing what to eat and what not to eat.  Does that mean that I am in recovery from obesity for the rest of my life?  I don't think so.  I think it means that I used to make poor choices largely based on complacency and lack of information.  Now I have more information and I make better choices.  ..Thankfully I have found that one does not need to consider themselves to be an alcoholic in order to give up alcohol for good.  ...Take good care sobernauts!  .
----------immediate responses--------

Whatever it takes! Congrats on your 73!
I drink abottle of red wine a day..I was told that I am prediabeticand have a fatty liver mild ..I am 148 lbs at 5ft1in. .I eat completely healthynever junkorganic always foodfruits vegetablessaladsdon't drink water unless I put lemon in itbut I have a real issue with wine..    I work with kidsand spend my sml payck on wine at 14.00 a night..I joined the gymand today is my first day of not drinking..I'll walk on the treadmill or outside bc itsnice out..Wish me luck..
Amen. I feel the same way. 
Whatever it takes!  We are vastly creative individuals who have an awesome tool at our disposal- our mind!  Way to go finding your own way to make it work on your behalf.  It's pretty exciting stuff!! IWNDWYT and I won't be drinking with your friend either!  
Take what you like and leave the rest. An old timer in the meetings said by making the conscious choice of saying I will not rather than I can not is how we take back our power over alcohol.
[removed]
You do you! I can say that I have also told fibs about my not drinking and they inevitably came back to haunt me (ie I made up a one time excuse and then friends would say your cleanse is over now or you don't have a migraine today so you can drink right?!).    For me it's best to keep things simple: it doesn't agree with me or I gave it up and don't miss it period. Or even no thanks I'll have an iced tea.  That's it repeat if needed.
I consider myself a friend and feel comfortable referring to myself in third person when need be. :P I use the word alcoholic a lot because it's easiest for people to understand but truthfully I don't think of myself that way either as diseased and powerless. To me it's similar to my choosing not to drink coffee or drink soda-- I was very addicted to caffeine throughout my childhood and teen years and it was causing me a lot of anxiety and mental health issues. I gave it up about 10 years ago. It took me a long time to stop desiring it but at this point caffeine never crosses my mind and I have no interest in it. Of course caffeine isn't as intense but I have hope that if I stick to sobriety I'll eventually reach that point with alcohol as well. 
Also you mentioned honest is best policy - just noting that you owe nobody anything - your story is your own and your choice to reveal if you want -feel free to use a vague  non answer  :. You're not drinking? . I'll have a coke please . Why aren't you drinking?  . I'm good with my coke thanks. . Oh but don't you want a drink . No thanks but thanks for the offer. . Why aren't you drinking? . I prefer a coke .-repeat as needed.  Broken record technique works wonders..No need to reveal anything you don't want to.  People asking rude questions are not entitled to any answer just because they ask. 
