-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8wzl6m/help_me_please_yeah_like_right_now/

90% of my Friday and Saturday were dedicated to go drink downtown. All my social live is with drinking a friend just called me and ask me to go have a drink with a couple of people downtown...If I dont drink I basically stay home and watch the ceiling. Wtf? ..I am sober for only 5 days my reddit badge need to be updated...First of all I have a good career and I am a secret alcoholic I tell everybody at work that I dont drink and I even promote how sober life is beautiful. ....Such bullshit I told them and myself.....Know that I am not doing any other drug than alchohol or cigarette....Last relapse I went on a 3 DAYS drinking binge I had 3 days off work barely sleep just come home for a quick nap and go back downtown drinking I even ask every morning breakfast place at which time they start serving alcohol at 0900am by 1000am I was already drunk and hangover from the last night. ..I drank from bar to bar until the barman told me "sorry we cant serve you anymore". I did not care I just walk to the next bar and drank until he tell me the same thing I fucking did like 4-5 bar like that by myself. ALL DAY LONG...I was talking to random people saying them the most fucked top shit they did not care about they were looking at me annoyed and with pity at the same time. Telling them how I deported my abusive wife back in China and why I kick her out of my home...I was punching brick wall until the skin of my knuckles break off and I was not feeling any pain in the middle of the day right downtown while chain smoking like 50 cigarettes per day...I even started a drunk conversation with religion preacher downtown and just looking for argument with them I left them alone when they threaten me to call the cops...Oh shit I got so close so many time to get arrested during those 3 days... being drunk to oblivion downtown for 3 days.....After the day bar I hit the night club/bar paying shot to everybody singing opera in a karaoke kneeling to a group a native telling them this is their land here and buy them shot..Sit with homeless people and bring them inside bar and pay them beer/shot/wine. I did every fucking bar/club/restaurent. Anything where alchohol was involved. ..I talk to a cute girl and invite her home she even let me kiss her. ( NO I DID NOT FORCE MYSELF ON HER I AM A DRUNK NOT A FUCKING WOMEN ABUSER). i slowly approach my mouth to her and she did the same close her eye and we kiss Until her boyfriend come back from the washroom see us kissing and start crying... lol omg girls these day... I just left cause I feel bad for the poor fellas..I fucking end up at a friend house begging him for wine at 0200am because the bar stop serving and I was making myself proud showing how fancy people drink wine completely above drunk like you could never imagine my body literally shut down at 0330am after 3 days. I remember just slowly falling on the floor and pass out. No like your tired and drunk and you need to sleep. It was literally my body shutting himself down like I tough I was about to die...Next day was my planned recovery day to be fresh for work It was not an hangover it was something else something dangerous something like my liver were about to shut down I could not move I could not sleep I could not stay awake I could not eat I could not drink I could not puke I could not not felling sick... it was like what the junkie describes as the "junkie limbo". Your just prisoner of your own body and you can't escape....Well. After telling all this shit and remember it. That a good reason to keep watching the celling and not go drink....What if I tell you that I am classical piano player  when I dont drink and at work I handle safety sensitive equipment.....Holy shit I need to stop and for real or it is the fucking death that gonna be.
----------immediate responses--------

I can relate to your story. iWNDWYT
Wow! That is a lot to process-for me-and especially for you. I can't say I've been exactly where you are but some of what you describe fits me to a tee. ..When I drink I say the most incredible and embarrassing things...When I drink I don't care who I'm talking to...When I drink I can't see or remember a reason to NOT drink...When I drink I feel like a POS in the morning...I don't have a lot of sober days and I've had more than a few resets since last September. But even with all my ups and downs I can tell you for sure that sober mornings are phenomenal. Saying no to the first drink is powerful and knowing in the morning I have nothing to regret or apologize for is refreshing. ..Start again-we are always here for you.  Never give up never surrender ..Please come back and let us know how you're doing..~faceonthemoon 
Oh god dude. I can seriously relate to those hangovers. It makes me want to drink to somehow ameliorate the pain. Idk therapy really helped me but I still have slip ups when I think I can just drink casually. It was hard for me to get past that and to stick to 100% sobriety but it truly is worth it. You can do it. 
I'm just coming out of a mult-day bender and yet another relapse and God do I feel absolutely miserable.  Alcohol is cunning baffling and powerful.  I don't have anything insightful to add other than I hope we both feel better soon.  Take care. 
