-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8x0wgh/feeling_the_strain/

so all irrelevant to go into in detail but I have family pressures from five different places/issues today and I have in-laws coming tonight who drink a lot of wine - having a lot of 'sod it' thoughts but trying SO hard not to give in.  Wanted to share that as a form of commitment to keeping on the right road and not seeking escapism in a bottle of wine.  That would be easy - but it would also be useless - won't help and the issues I have are a collection of big and small but they won't go away with me quietly sipping on a glass of white wine. You know something that is different I am visualising the taste (if you get my meaning) and I sort of know that the taste is not nice - it's the initial relaxation that is nice - but the regret and disappointment in myself will swiftly follow and add to the others problems I am experiencing at present.  I am rubbish at asking for help for myself there for others all the time but this site is making me a great deal more communicative and I feel less pathetic (although feel free to think God she's pathetic).  I will not drink with you this hour or this day - but it's a struggle. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are not pathetic. Certainly no one here would say that to you so you can't say that to yourself either! ..I would bet that a lot of people are here because we help others before we help ourselves. The expression - don't set yourself on fire to keep others warm - comes to mind. I don't think it hurts to put yourself your health your sobriety first. ..Even harder is asking for help. That involves appearing weak. Another thing lots of us sobernauts hate to do. ..At about this time I decide to just not drink today. That's enough for now. I can work on being perfect some other day  
Yep. Tough situation...For me I would stock a lot of sparkling water and then I would have a lot of my favorite chocolate and lots of food and eat pretty much a ton of food and fill up on water. That's how I deal. I might also post here a couple of times during. Other things that generally work for me are staying busy and being as helpful as possible. Sometimes this is not just day to day but moment to moment...You can do it!
Congrats on 9 days! Stay strong! ..I've been doing a lot of "playing tape forward". I just know if I sip.. It would be ugly tomorrow. I just cannot deal with another ugly tomorrow. SO I stay sober today...IWNDWYT
Would you feel comfortable asking the in-laws to refrain from drinking while there? Would they be willing to not drink? I've done that when my family visits as my wife struggles with her sobriety. I am sending you positive vibes to get through this  . You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Somewhere in This Naked Mind she makes a point of saying that if you notice we would pour a glass sit down and a wave of relaxing would hit.Often we haven't had a sip or if we have it hasn't been absorbed into our bloodstream.We have trained ourselves to believe that this is how we relax.Stay stronga sober life is better.IWNDWYT
You've got this. Keep checking in. Tomorrow you will be so proud of yourself for hanging in there  
