-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8x7ylo/the_problems_that_sobriety_reveals/

I've mostly been posting upbeat posts here because that's really how I've been feeling 95&amp;#37; of the time but I've really had an emotional crash the last couple of days. My husband (who is living apart right now) recently asked me why I drank &amp; he felt it was because of the nature of our relationship. But it isn't--my drinking made what was in imperfect but working relationship into utter hell. ..I drank because I have struggled struggled with depression for as far back as I remember. I can remember feeling genuinely suicidal when I was 12. &amp; that was before abusive partners &amp; so on. &amp; then when I found his love I lived in a constant state of worthlessness in constant fear of losing him--&amp; I found a "cure" for everything I'd never healed: alcohol. The cure maybe ruined the only love I've ever known...I am so happy &amp; grateful to be sober I don't want to give it up for anything. But depression is gnawing on me like a pack of wild dogs. I've exercised every day meditated every day gone to AA multiple times a week got a sponsor prayed multiple times a day eaten well taken supplements...I've done everything they tell you to do but I'm being reminded afresh of how the gains of sobriety are going to be hard-won. Cravings or not the old me I never faced is all I attend to every day &amp; it's really really hard...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

As someone with a decades-long history of depression and anxiety I implore you to see a professional. Sometimes it really is a chemical fix that the right medication can do wonders for...Many people are anti- antidepressants but when they work they work.
I'm at my lowest ebb in a while. No urge to drink thank God but really down for extended periods of time. I'm afraid of anti-depressamts but I may ask for them in the future. I love being sober. I just can't get happy.
I also never faced the old me and my problems but without booze there's no more hiding from the truth. I am sorry you are having a hard time and I can relate. Good for you for taking all the steps you can to mitigate the depression and I'm proud of you (and me) for being brave enough to rip the bandaid off!    
Keep going. Keep going! I am struggling with facing myself sober as well. Keep going I tell myself. Don't look back
