-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8x94sp/terrifying_night/

Can't and don't really want to talk about this in real life just yet. Friday night where I work gunshots were fired. I was outside and very near to where they were fired from. After the first bang nothing really happened I turned looking towards a trash can as drunks tend to knock them over. I saw a kid sprinting away from another restaurant towards the parking lot. Someone screamed and I think there were shouts of gun. ..Everyone dropped I went down behind the cement wall we have on the patio. My table jumped down with me plates and glasses were discarded. I saw one guy flip his table to hide behind. One man at my other table stood up with his hand on his holster. Managed to get his family down and shouted out if anyone had eyes. At some point during all of this there was a second shot fired. It all sort of blurred together...The gentleman with his gun still holstered directed us to move towards the door when he said it seemed clear for the moment. We got inside and a while later we heard it was all clear. Cops were everywhere helicopters were above us and the restaurant was trashed. ..It was a hell of a night. I managed to thank the man who stood up to defend those of us stuck out side. Left work got home and let those close to me know what happened. It's been two days I'm still a bit shaken but I haven't drank. And oddly enough I haven't been tempted to. I have a lot going through my head right now but I'm not really okay yet. I believe I will be but for now I'm struggling. Going back to work tomorrow will be tough but I'll manage. ..As far as I know no one was injured. Although the officials say no there was no active shooter and no gun found I know the panic was real and what I heard and saw. I will eventually move on from this and may learn to shoot and begin to carry. We'll see though I guess. ..Sorry that this got long just needed to get it off my chest. Thanks for listening SD. It seems I won't drink even if shots were fired in my general vicinity. Who knew.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad you made it out ok and didn't drink over it. My palms got sweaty reading that. IWNDWYT
We have to realize that things good and bad happen in our lives and none of those events are or should be invitations to get drunk. Way to go on not drinking over a stressful situation. 
That is really scary. You should be very proud of yourself for not drinking and staying so strong. 
