-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xex0v/6_months/

..I finally made it! 6 months has been a milestone I have been looking forward to after I made it 3 months. I felt like if I made it 6 months I have a very real chance of beating this forever. I will never stop staying vigilant though as I know this thing can jump up and bite at any moment...My life has never been better! It's been 6 months on last Saturday...http://imgur.com/qMpCKBS..I just came off the hardest week I have had. I had every opportunity to have a drink to justify it even! I was on vacation I had made it so long only one won't hurt....i made so many rationalizations. The ONE thing that kept me going was this subreddit. I posted more last week than I ever have. The responses I got were so exactly what I needed that it was almost scary. This place is amazing...How I did it:.Started off and continue to do this one day at a time. It sucked at first it was absolutely awful. I was bored depressed irritable angry anxious and just wanted to go and drink! I went to bed at 7pm a few nights just because I was so bored and wanted to make it another day sober...After about two weeks I really started to come out of this funk. Exercising is what helped me the most. Just going for a walk/jog in order to have something to do. This evolved into getting back into a regular gym routine. I have never been in better shape. After a month I had to figure out what to do with all this time. I started buying model airplanes jigsaw puzzles books even paint by numbers lol. Anything to keep my mind and hands busy...3-4 months were hard. This is when I started wondering about moderation. Again it was SD that provides the most helpful guidance at the right moments. If anybody reading this ever has a question about what they are going through or feeling use the search function and search this sub. Seriously. It seems like SOMEbody on here has gone through exactly what I am. It blows my mind...Okay this has gone on far enough. I am happy to answer any questions for any of the people just beginning or who are struggling. This place changed my life and I want to help change somebody else's.
----------immediate responses--------

The transformation after 6 months is amazing and makes me determined to keep on going one day at a time. Well done on six months I know it can't have been easy but it sure sounds worth it. 
Wow! Well done you look fantastic! 
Congrts on 6 months. I am currently 105 days in sobriety and mood swings are something which comes and goes. I know that it is somehow to be expected but it sucks :) Yup weight is going down fast. Lost 40 pounds in 3 months gym is really good. Any suggestion AA?
Thank you for sharing this.  An inspiration for sure.    
Looking 10 years younger. Good for you!
