-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xfxzy/a_what_point_do_you_decide_enough_is_enough/

I've bee down this path countless time but each relapse seems to just intensify. ..This ones been progressing over the past few years after a few months sober. I have no energy my body aches from the shakes i cant even drink in the mornings anymore and have to hold my nose to poor it down to calm the jitters. ..The past 3 months have been hell! I've probably done enough hard drugs and drank enough to kill a small farm. ..I've started having psychotic episodes again increasing intensify as the day goes by. ..But the idea of being completely clean and sober is just terrifying. I've lost me job most of my family friends and honestly don't think i have the energy to beat this by myself. 
----------immediate responses--------

Have you spoken with your doctor? Might be a good first step..Glad you're here  
This is why AA's first step is admitting that we are powerless over alcohol...Alcohol cost me college scholarships made me wreck a car get arrested get beaten up lose money lose jobs live in a pig sty and more than I care to remember...I would have killed anyone who did to me what drinking made me do to myself...AA has meetings in most towns...Good luck.
I couldn't beat it own my own.  I kept repeating the same cycle...Making deals with myself promises about tomorrow breaking my word regret remorse and doubt about my willpower...Then I did something very simple - I went to a recovery meeting and just listened...Then the path became much easier!..Tried a meeting?
It is up to you when you want to surrender and say that you are sick and tired of being tired and sick. I would suggest single sex AA meetings to start along with contacting you doctor if you feel that it is necessary.
For me it's been a gradual process that takes unfortunately long.  About 10 or 12 years ago I started to realize that drinking wasn't so great.  But the thought of an alcohol-free life seemed too horrible to try.  I'd rather die early I thought...As I learned more about alcohol and tried to quit a few times (going 4 months on two different occasions and multiple months on others) I eventually came to the conclusion that alcohol is an addictive poison that will absolutely kill me.  And I think I have internalized that all the way down to my bones.  Before there was always the hope that after some time away I could moderate.  The last couple times that was a mighty slim hope.   But now I have no desire for anything like that.  This past week I was at a convention.  Free wine and beer.  I usually got hammered at these sorts of things but not this time.  I walked right by the bar starred at the cups of beer and wine and was completely fine without having any.  ..Somebody posted a comment about how once you start to see alcohol for what it is you can never go back.  When I was in school the cry of "Let's get fucked up!" was a joy.   But over the past several years that has never sounded like a good idea.  Not that it stopped me.  But it never was the same. ..Ultimately in my case it was a meandering process.  Every so often I'd lower my opinion of alcohol until I just didn't want to drink.
You are describing serious alcohol withdrawal symptoms. I was honest with my doctor and needed medication which made detox easier and safer. I needed lots of help to get sober. Therapy rehab and AA meetings gave me tools to build the sober happy life I have today. I wish the same for you. [Talk to a doctor.]
