-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8xq69q/i_dislike_wearing_the_identity_of_an_alcoholic/

It's been a little over four months now and I've been reflecting on how I talk with others who know me about my decision to stop drinking. I went to an AA meeting a few months ago just to check it out and I mentioned that I haven't gotten on board with identifying myself as an alcoholic but knew I had a problem and knew I had to stop. There were a few (good natured) chuckles and reassurances that I'd get there...Well I'm still not there. I will readily admit I had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol - if you want to be technical about it I met DSM V criteria for severe alcohol use disorder and I am currently in early remission. But just as I never label my patients with schizophrenia  schizophrenics  (or any other mental illness) I'm not comfortable with identifying myself as an alcoholic. It makes me feel like my identity is reduced or simplified to something with such a negative connotation that it makes me just as uncomfortable as it always has. I absolutely had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol - this has become more and more clear over these last four months as have the triggers that led me down that road. I understand the brain chemistry and the consequences if I ever return. But by and large I've gotten my life together and don't understand this pressure to carry such a negative identity with me the rest of my life. ..I know that my position is not the only one out there and that quite a few people with similar struggles actually feel comforted with acceptance of the term  alcoholic.  Maybe that's why I'm so conflicted about being so adverse to it. Would love to hear thoughts on this if any of you have had similar thoughts (or different for that matter).
----------immediate responses--------

I understand what you mean. I don't think I've ever told anyone IRL I'm an alcoholic (beyond my husband) but I do use the label internally because it keeps me honest with myself. I can NOT drink... calling myself an alcoholic keeps me from being able to romanticize booze. ..If the label doesn't do anything productive for you than don't use it. This is *your* recovery... do it your way. Stay strong! I won't drink with you today. 
I feel the same way. I feel like people think the worst when they hear the A word and I wasn't the worst. IWNDWYT 
I agree with you. In my opinion it doesn't matter what I call it. I'm doing something positive for my health - mental and physical so who cares what label I put or don't put on it?
Another perspective is to think of yourself as "Living Sober" now instead of "Not Drinking".   Great job at 124!  IWNDWYT
I feel that in the beginning  many of us were uncomfortable with branding ourselves as an alcholic. And perhaps it's being a woman and we are not supposed to carry on in such a manner. .However what I found was that I was dealing with my pride and ego. I was taught that ego means Easing God Out. .Our anonymity is a treasured position. The safety of the rooms provides security from being judged by others  because we're all  powerless over alcohol. The dramas in our lives were different  the results were the same: our bodies are different from other people's. At says in the literature  we have a body that craves alcohol and a mind that tells us how to get it. .Perhaps the stigma of the drunk passed out  laying on the streets is what you carry. Look at society in general how the rich and famous die of this disease exactly the same as we do..May I suggest you try meetings for a while. You might be surprised to find professionals from all walks of life. .Also purchase a  Big Book and our 12 X 12. In the back of the BB you'll find many testimonials of those who got sober through The Program..There are high bottom and low bottom alcoholics from every walk of life. Yet we are bonded by one eternal truth we are alcoholics -our lives are unmanageable  (by us). Without help this disease kills us. Sometimes quickly sometimes slowly..Chapter 5 of the BB tells us How It Works. .Next week God willing  I will pick up a 27 year chip for sobriety.  It works. We in the rooms of AA are living witnesses of the Truth..It could be your pride is is your stumbling block- hurdle you must overcome. .No judgment  intended.  Simply sharing a bit of my  Experience  Strength  and Hope.  God bless and be with you. I'll be saying a prayer for you.  
Every day multiple times a day in tangible ways I accept with joy and gratitude that I am healing and never have to go backwards no matter how hard the work is. That's what I accept and what I'm deliberately conscious of and hold sacred and that's working for me.
When I first got to AA I was worried about saying I'm an alcoholic. Mostly because I am a drug addict. Not that I didn't drink I most certainly drank. However I really had to start asking myself why the hell it mattered what I called it. ..&gt;don't understand this pressure to carry such a negative identity with me the rest of my life...This is where it will change. Why is that identity negative? It's negative when you're active in your alcoholism but what makes it negative if you're sober? It's empowering if you're sober. I tell people all the time I'm a recovering heroin addict. That way people know and I'm a beacon of hope. It's my responsibility as people were there for me when I was new. ..However your recovery is your recovery. It is important that you share it though "alcoholic" or not. It's a noun. The labels you attach to it are your own. 
I don't want other people calling me an alcoholic unless they're people here on SD or other alcoholics.  But I called myself one in order to let go and stop holding onto the fantasy that I could ever alter my  bad relationship' with alcohol.  Personally when I say  alcoholic' I mean someone who is now a pickle I guess.  Not a cucumber.  We are fu%@ked for drinking permanently through whatever chemical processes are now or were from the very start totally irrevocably altered.  In my mind alcoholic is not always a verb.  I'm the noun version now.  Before I saw it as an adjective.  Alcoholic drinking.  Semantics.  Barf!  I can't stand semantics when it's used to belittle.  I used that term to blow my own mind open to possibility.  That's cool.  If it shuts you down to your possibility throw it out.  Use semantics to enable growth if you like.  I think the bottom line is are we drinking or not and are we the kind of drinker that should not be drinking and are we going to do something about it no matter what we actually call it.  Rant!  That felt good.     have a nice day 
I am conflicted about it myself.   I redily admit I am one but I don't like the idea of strangers judging me by that label.  I don't want to abandon the label altogether because of the chemistry you mentioned.  It is not a problem I had that I have now sorted out.  Well part of it is but part of what I did to myself was permanent damage.  We all know this from those who choose to drink again.  You never go back to the beginning you go right back to where you left it.  And if that marker of where I left off is still with me then part of me will always be an alcoholic...So can I choose both sides?
I don't care too much for the label 'Alcoholic' either... I find it vague stigmatizing and somewhat outdated.....I was a person with a severe Alcohol Use Disorder too which I no longer have because I don't drink... I know exactly how I could *get* an AUD again *really* quickly though!..This article '[The Language of Addiction: Why it hurts and how we can change it](https://addictionunscripted.com/language-of-addiction-why-it-hurts-and-how-we-can-change-it/)' was an interesting read on the subject.....I'm not an AA-goer myself so I don't feel under pressure to label myself anything... If pushed I'd use something like '*Non-Practising Ethanol Addict*' which works for me!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
If you were to tell me that you have severe alcohol use disorder the first thing that would come to mind is that you are a alcoholic with a fancy title and won't admit to that.  I knew from the first time that I got drunk that I would never stop. The people who are important in my life know that I am alcoholic and rest just know that I used to drink but decided to stop for health reasons.  I feel neither comfort or discomfort with that label. It is just a disease that I will keep in remission today. 
I don't like it either and I don't think it's important to label myself. I just want to stop drinking. 
'Retired or former professional drinker' would be better.
I don't see my identity as "alcoholic" but rather that I have a chronic disease or disorder that goes into remission but is never gone entirely. Reading the book *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam helped me understand and accept this fact. I am proud to say that I am a recovering alcoholic. ..
I fought long and hard against the label. I was OK calling myself a "heavy drinker" or a "problem drinker" or saying "I have a drinking problem" but for me to say "I am an alcoholic" was like admitting defeat and it meant for sure that I had to quit. I wanted to keep that door at least cracked open in case I decided I wanted to start up again. As long as I didn't officially declare myself an alcoholic I could at least keep the fantasy of moderation alive...Well time and experience eventually just got to me and I realized for myself that total abstinence was my only solution. And now I freely admit yes for me I identify as an alcoholic. From what I understand the term is falling out of favor with medical professionals who prefer to look at a scale of alcohol use/abuse and will usually now diagnose a person with "alcohol (or substance) abuse disorder" which is a bit more forgiving I think...It was a big hurdle for me to clear but today I feel no shame at saying "I am an alcoholic." I accept it as just a fact about me not a good or bad thing in and of itself. My sponsor always adds "I am an alcoholic IN RECOVERY" which helps to turn the stigma around if you're talking to "normies." "I'm an alcoholic" might get you some pitying looks or immediate judgments but the "in recovery" addendum can reassure yourself and others that you're on the right side of the problem today...If you don't want to say you're an alcoholic nobody can make you. As long as you're staying sober successfully do what works for you.
I definitely understand where you are coming from.  I cringe whenever I say "Hello I'm an alcoholic" at a meeting but I also know that the community of AA is important for me and has kept me sober before so it's a small thing to give up in order to have that solidarity.  All of the friends and family that I've told about my desire to live a sober life have been really confused as to why I think I have a problem with alcohol.  I never drink during work week and I only really go out 2 - 3 weeks a month on the weekends.  For me it's not about how often or how much I drink it's about the way I change after that first drink.  Sometimes I can control it but more often than not I can't and I lose all direction on how the night will go.  I think people have a preconceived notion of what an alcoholic looks and acts like.  The way I've made peace with the title is to understand that for me it's just a term I can use to describe that I do not process alcohol the way some people do.  Alcohol is really bad for me and is like playing Russian roulette.  The fact that I'm not able to just be sober without any help or the fact that it's a struggle to not want to drink to me means I am an alcoholic.  I had to let go of what I always thought that title meant but it still bothers me sometimes and I usually just tell non-AA people that "I don't drink" or "I'm living a sober life."  I rarely say "I'm an alcoholic."  
"Alcoholic" is just a convenient label. Personally I don't like it.  And I don't believe I am powerless over this "disease."   I believe that after years of daily drinking my mind and body have been conditioned to expect me to ingest this drug every day at the same time and that's when the cravings make me want to say tohellwithit I need a drink and I need it now.   And of course my tolerance has increased so the number of drinks have too.   I think if a person overuses alcohol long enough they will eventually become addicted.  Especially the daily drinker which is what I was.  As far as AA is concerned I have never been to a meeting (mainly because I have a strong dislike of socializing with complete strangers) but have read the Big Book.  And I have been praying to God to rescue me from this death spiral for literally years and no miracles yet.  I think He must think I'm smart enough to figure this out on my own. With the help of others like the folks  here on this sub and experts on the problem like Annie Grace and William Porter I think I'm going to do that.  I look forward to being identified as a non-drinker some day. That sounds like I'm health conscious have my shit together.  Recovering alcoholic just gives off negatives vibes for me.  (And don't let the badge confuse you - 2018 has been the Year of Attempted Moderation for me.  Doesn't work by the way.)
Maybe consider yourself  allergic' to alcohol...same as poison ivy. I do.
I don't identify with the term alcoholic so I don't use it. But since I don't go to AA and I'm not in therapy there has never been a situation where I've been confronted about this...I think I dislike the term because it is so permanent. If I'm an alcoholic then I will always be an alcoholic. I don't accept that - when I no longer desire alcohol I no longer have a problem. 
"I will readily admit that I had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol"..So is it all better now? ..Don't get caught up with labels and intellectualising yourself into a corner just do today keep it simple and get on with living today the best way you can. 
I feel the same way. I have debated this with other people in this community who felt it was a useful term. I think that J. tries to rehabilitate the term and they have a whole philosophy that alcoholics are a different kind of person and that it's a medical condition. Like from what I understood the idea is that you are almost an alcoholic-in-waiting because of the kind of person you are and that it's not a negative thing in and of itself that there are positive characteristics associated with alcoholics as well.  But I disagree with this because I think anyone can develop a drinking problem if the conditions are just right.  Alcohol is an addicting substance. I don't believe we are special because we fell into the trap. I think it could've happened to anyone...There is also the notion that alcoholics are powerless against alcohol. I realize this is a semantics issue but I disagree with this as well. I believe that I took back my power over alcohol when I chose not to drink anymore. Other people view this differently and believe my decision not to drink is an admission of powerlessness over alcohol.  That mentality helps them and my mentality helps me. .. Stopping drinking is a lot like losing weight or getting in shape. We are all trying to do the same thing and we are all seeing the same motivation and determination but the methods we use to meet our goals are highly personalized. If calling yourself an alcoholic doesn't help you don't use it :) 
I personally feel like someone whose chemistry has been altered because that's what alcohol *does* if you consume enough of it. No more no less. To me the term alcoholic implies there is- and always was- something different about me personally (TBH something defective). ..I used to smoke a pack of cigarettes a day (actually 7/12/10 is my quit date!! woohoo!). Nobody has ever told me that it was my lot in life to become a smoker the second I tried a puff because I was actually a nicoholic. It's very well understood that nicotine is addictive as fuck and if you smoke enough cigarettes you will become a smoker. And even though I must permanently abstain from nicotine or risk relapse I am not expected to go through life with the permanent label of nicoholic. I'm just a non-smoker (or former smoker when health is concerned). ..I wonder if it's our culture that makes alcohol seem different like "Oh look at all of these shiny people who can drink without consequence at every party vacation football game BBQ camping trip graduation birthday weeknight and bottomless brunch! Must be YOU!" 
&gt;It makes me feel like my identity is reduced or simplified to something with such a negative connotation that it makes me just as uncomfortable as it always has...That's your choice.  I choose to see the fact that I am an alcoholic means only that my body does not react to the drug as "normal people" do and that it's best if I don't use it.  It's no more a judgement on me that were I allergic to shellfish.
In my experience i stay away from the little details these dont really matter that much. In the big picture what matters is that you recognize your problem &amp; actively seek to work on it. Overthinking never did any of us too much good.
One of the great arguments at meetings recovering alcoholic or recovered alcoholic. The raised eyebrows over this are always a joy to behold..For me I don't give a monkeys what I'm called.
I dislike it.  I feel that it negates responsibility.   If I don't meet that diagnostic criteria for being an alcoholic then i don't have a problem and can continue on drinking.   If I am an alcoholic  I get to bust out my lil violin and cry about how it's not fair and blah blah blah.  And I get to continue to drink because I have a medical condition and I can't help it...My view on the situation is to question if alcohol messes up your life.  If it does  and you want that to stop then should stop drinking. ..I have many qualms with aa.  Among them the confession that I'm an alcoholic and that I'm powerless over alcohol.   Both of which  for me are technically false.   I don't meet the scientific definition of an alcoholic  and once i start drinking i can stop.  Don't get me wrong  aa has done a lot of good for a lot of people.   And as far as I'm concerned  It's still far and away the best game in town.
[Language matters](https://www.recoveryanswers.org/research-post/the-real-stigma-of-substance-use-disorders/)...[Labels are powerful](https://blogs.psychcentral.com/character-strengths/2012/05/the-power-of-positive-labeling/)...We can use that power to help ourselves. For a while "alcoholic" was a label that helped me understand what I was learning to deal with. There are lots of folks in this comment thread who find similar strength or benefit. ..Eventually that label no longer fit. I didn't need to wear that mask. Nowadays I occasionally identify myself as "in recovery." It's a handy mask to put on in conversation to shorthand my experience to others.
I know this was a particularly hard for me to come to grips with.  As a FULLY functional raging alcoholic I was still coding like a demon and building all the tools my company uses today.  How could I be an alcoholic when I was so productive?  After being sober for a while (read a couple years) I started recognizing all kinds of behavior in others that I had previously exhibited when I was drinking.  It was the full shift in perspective that did it for me looking at someone else who was a mirror to my past when I realized I was an alcoholic.  I have to say honestly that having that break through was instrumental for me feeling better.  I think before that I had just put drinking on hold (for a real long time granted) but I always expected to be able to go back.  Now I know that I never want to and for me has made all the difference.  Yes I am an alcoholic but that is not necessarily a horrible thing when you have control of it...Best of luck will be here not drinking with you any time ;) 
... I hate the label too. I think I stigmatize myself when I say I'm an alcoholic. It's a self-stigmitization. ..Like... I know damn well I shouldn't drink. So now I just dont... and it feels weird to label myself with something that I dont do - or with something that is no longer part of my identity. I dont want to be defined by a part of my life that is over and by something I've moved away from...When it came time to quit I simply quit. (1 relapse about 1 month in). So I dont think I had much of an addiction issue.... however... if you wrote a list of other behaviors that defines an alcoholic I'd be guilty of everything else... Hiding/lying? Check. Being self centered? Check. Daily use? Check. Taking huge risks? Check...... so am I an alcoholic if I didn't have a strong addiction?..I guess the other side of it FOR ME is the issue of humility. If I'm not humble about my weaknesses then I will be less likely to hold myself accountable and just abstain. So I think the humility of admitting to myself that I am a problem drinker at least is a huge part of what drives me to stay sober.
Check out Stanton Peele's approach.  Peele has an on-line program The Life-Process Program. Also many books. Not beloved by AA. I also really like Josh Korda's book Unsubscribe and his Dharma Punx podcasts.  
I also dislike the label.  I think it's outdated and pejorative like "junky" and detrimentally defines a person by one aspect of their life.  ...The whole "you'll come around to our way of thinking" mentality in AA is a part of why I eventually switched over to SMART recovery and Lifering which seem to work better for me anyway.
Great post - and a really interesting topic...I always have and still do consider an 'alcoholic' to be anyone who is addicted to alcohol. This includes people like my wife who drinks - at most - a bottle and a half of wine each week from Thursday to Sunday... and certainly me for the 10+ years I was drinking four five or six times that amount. ..I've stopped using alcohol now so I no longer consider myself to be an alcoholic. I don't experience redose triggers caused by the drug leaving my system and have zero desire to start up that whole cycle of drug addiction again...To me it's about being present and enacting change with this we open ourselves up to new chapters and can leave the old ones behind. Perhaps I feel that labelling myself an 'alcoholic' in some way continues my reliance on that drug rather than severing ties.
I don't use the label myself. I did for a while but frankly it proved unhelpful to define myself in relation to a problem I once had. I am so much more than that.
At my S.M.A.R.T. Meetings very rarely does anyone label themselves this way. People might  alcohol was my poison' or  I've quit drinking' or something.  I'm with you - why have that label forever if it doesn't feel helpful to you?  Do people who quit smoking after being addicted to nicotine forever say  I'm a smokaholic'.   They usually just move on. 
