-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8y1em6/relapseagain/

Alright y'all are probably getting tired of hearing my story but here goes.  I've been on and off sober for nine or so years now.  The longest stretch of sobriety in there was three years from 2014-2017.  Last summer I started sipping again and have basically had binges on and off since then...I was caught drunk at work and they are having me get help which is a huge blessing.  But I feel like an absolute failure. Not sure why I let up or what I did to get back into this but I realize I need to start taking sobriety seriously and putting it first again...My wife is about at her wit's end and I'm ashamed of what I'm doing to my family.  My kids are getting old enough to understand that something isn't right...Anyway thanks for letting me rant.  I won't drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't give up! Welcome back!
Relapse sucks. I have long stints of sobriety myself life is way better I am healthier with more money in the bank. Tons of energy and motivation.  Then... Out of no where... Bam. I'm out there again feeling depressed single savings diminishing....   And I get stuck there. It always takes months to break the cycle and I'm afraid I'll do something stupid while I'm drinking.  We can't give up. This disease cannot have us. Stay strong friend we can do it again. For me this is day 1. 
[removed]
All we can do is keep on. Sorry to hear about your struggle. I too have tried countless times to quit. I am not tired of hearing your stories because it makes me feel less alone. Let's make this the last time!
Sorry to hear about your troubles. Don't give up. People around you might grow frustrated that you are not getting better "quick enough". Maybe they are impatient on your behalf: they know that you are sick and they want you to get better now! Have more patience with yourself than they might with you. This is not about them. This is about you. This is about you not drinking today and going to bed with the will to tell you that you will not drink tomorrow. Keep the faith. Even if sobriety never sticks forever and you keep having little relapses for the rest of your life you will still be better off because you will have had some sober days. But I believe that sobriety will eventually stay with you because we get better at what we keep trying. You can't be a failure if you keep trying...Iwndwyt
Man this is my story as well. Longest I've had is 9 months rehab twice just got a DWI and facing an assault charge kicked out of my house. My kids are also old enough to know what's up. Stay strong your post gives me hope that I'm not alone. The pain of relapse and failure is only temporary. I'm with you brother stay up. 
I'm on day 3 again. I had 3 years in March but relapsed and since then it's been 2 weeks off 1 week off kinda thing. My friends and family all tell me do not feel ashamed or guilty. You have a disease.  But just keep trying and be honest with yourself and your fam
