-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8y9hf1/whackamole/

I've been sober for two years now but I still struggle with the addiction in so many ways.  ..Even though I don't have thoughts about drinking or  much of a desire to drink any more I still feel this constant urge to be consuming *something*.  Nicotine caffeine processed food spending money sex etc.  I feel like I'm constantly playing whack-a-mole with my addiction.  Once I get something under control I just start using something else instead.  ..It reminds me so much of the powerless feeling I had back when I was drinking.  I have no control over it and it makes me feel miserable.  Currently the most annoying addiction is Camel Snus.  Every night I promise myself I'm quitting the next day then every morning I'm back at 7-Eleven giving them my $5 and getting my daily fix.  It feels just like the old daily obligation to go to the liquor store.  I just wonder if it will ever end.  Sure I could be completely abstinent from caffeine and nicotine but I will always need to eat and will always need to spend money.  I think the danger here is that it could eventually lead back to drinking.  ..I'm pretty sure the answer is probably spiritual.  I heard someone say at a meeting once "addiction is filling a spiritual hole with material things."  I understand that sentiment but have yet to become spiritually enlightened.  I went to AA for a few years but eventually got turned off by all the pettiness and drama I saw in the rooms.  I started to get more involved in church but was unable to get over my agnosticism and buy-in completely.  I've looked into mindfulness and meditation but that has yet to stick and become anything more than a casual interest.  ..I guess I need to accept the fact that I have this disease and perhaps it will be this way forever.  
----------immediate responses--------

I found a ton of insight and support via Refuge Recovery- a Buddhist approach to recovering from addiction. The book of the same name helped get me on the path to unraveling that deeper root of my addictions. My city just started a meeting but prior to that I really enjoyed their online options. 
Yes that whack-a-mole game gets annoying doesn't it!..Have you studied much about the neurochemical basis of addiction?..All forms of addiction (use and abuse of mood-altering substances and behaviours) are an unconscious misguided attempt to rev up/calm down/balance out the various neurotransmitters for optimal mood and functioning.....If the underlying issues like neurochemical imbalance unresolved emotional trauma from childhood anxiety/depression/stress disconnection from other people etc are not resolved that leaves us vulnerable to the whack-a-mole effect and to relapse back onto the primary Drug of Choice.....The 'spiritual' stuff as well as altruism human connection meditation etc are all basically ways to rewire the brain and compensate for whatever underlying deficit in dopamine/serotonin/GABA etc were there in the first place.....It's fascinating stuff to read into!..[This article](http://real-recovery.co.uk/addiction-treatment/addictive-behaviours/12-characteristics-addiction/) was a good overview of the various addictive outlets (substances and behaviours) which I found useful in understanding my own addictions.....Congrats on 800+ days  and keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I hear you. I'm about to go to sleep but I just wanted to say... That feeling will lead you somewhere. It took a scare for me but I am finally addressing all of those things. It's basically coming down to making all of my food keeping my head down when I walk past take-away places just as I did with bottle shops in early sobriety. I know that in time fast food places will be just as repellant as bars and off-licenses are to me. It's already happening...Maybe join us at r/simpleliving (i think that's it...) seriously once you grok the whole voluntary simplicity thing it's like the answer to all of those problems. Only problem is it takes some serious work. It's taken about 3 years of preparation but now I just know that anything I want I can find cheap or free most things I thought I wanted I couldn't care less for and my highest priority is healing my brain and body...If you get particularly into it r/asceticism and r/monasticism are just waiting for some new members.. And if you wish to take that principle to its' logical conclusion r/hermit is also a thing. Only problem is they're pretty inactive subs very likely because once you really get into it social media just doesn't appeal anymore...Yes I'm serious. Just spoke to my parents dad was trying really badly not to slur and mum who's been 'sober' for a couple of years wouldn't talk into the phone for some reason... I've found a reputable English-speaking ashram in India and I am very very seriously planning a visit in about a year to discuss becoming a lay novitiate...Excuse the diversion I will return to my original point. Voluntary simplicity. You don't have to take it to an extreme but have a read. I hope it might inspire you give you hope that there is a lifestyle out there and people to talk to who have reached similar conclusions and made a roadmap for breaking free of the process addictions which bind us. 
I'm sorry you had a poor experience with AA. I'm also 2 years sober.  I did have some drama happen with my immediate fellowship in these 2 years. I didn't let it get in the way of my task of working the steps.  I was on my 4th sponsor by my 5th step.  I hope you find a long term solution. Be well.
