-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ybivb/i_was_wrong/

I previously posted that I had felt that I did not need AA to maintain sobriety.  That I didn't like the  alcoholic  label didn't want to talk about drinking etc.  A week ago I was at my Dad's house showing him how to Skype.  Being it was around 4pm it was  cocktail hour  and my stepmom poured herself a glass of Pinot Grigio(which was my heroin).  As she was talking to me I didn't hear a word that she said.  Her words sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher.  I stared at that glass tasting it smelling it calling me.  They know about my struggles and my newfound sobriety.  I insisted that they could drink around me and that nothing with them would have to change.  Shit I was there the day before and their drinking didn't bother me at all!   I guessed that my higher power put me in that position because I had to realize that my alcoholism is so much bigger than me.  So I went to a meeting got my 30 day chip and what was the book study about?  POWERLESSNESS!!!  Mind blown!  I got a sponsor and started on the steps last night.  I felt that I had to post this to take some accountability for my posts and my actions.  Thanks for reading and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

AA is not everybody's cup of tea but it has worked for me. I take what I need and leave the rest.
It is amazing how we can be in the same situation twice and have different outcomes.  I remember once going to a bar once for a late night dinner.  I didn't drink.  I was so proud and excited.  And the next night I was at a bar having a late night dinner with a drink...Great job getting to a meeting instead of giving in.
A meeting stopped me from drinking when I had unbearable stress. It's not for me long term but it helped me so much that day.
An NDV - Non Drinking Victory 
The universe is listening!
Most days I'm fine.  Yesterday I was invited over to bbq and immediately thought about drinking.  Out of the frigging blue.  Yep I still got it   ...only an alcoholic right?  It's ok though we have skills and tools and support all over the place.  We don't have to bow to the urges.  Booze has no power over me if I'm not putting it in my body.  Bless!  IWNDWYT 
Heading there now.  He's locked out of his laptop.  Will I be triggered?   Not today Satan.  Not today....
Maybe not wrong maybe just a new willingness. Our survival depends on change. As you grow old ideas become barricades. If it's AA awesome if it's being there for the sun coming up 10 times in a row awesome if it's just calling someone to tell them you are hurting awesome.  I love AA because as much as you pick it to death it's just a bunch of drunks trying to survive. That is a power greater than just me. They keep being there if I'm there or not. They wait for me. They can't wait till I get there BECAUSE I KEEP THEM SOBER. You keep me sober. I love you for that. 
Personally I wouldn't have the sober days I have now if I hadn't started in AA. My sponsor the friendships I've made working/studying the steps and improving my relationship with my higher power are what make me feel like a somewhat normal person everyday now. ..This group is nice to keep my spirits up at work and at night when I'm sitting around at home/not in a meeting. But I need that feeling of being able to physically go somewhere and talk to someone face to face. Glad you started going I hope it keeps working for you!
