-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yc0in/quitting_or_cutting_back/

I've found my life to be consumed and driven by alcohol consumption lately. ..I lost a friend and my job a few months ago am currently taking unemployment insurance and I find myself  enjoying  my summer more often than not but having a beer (or 6)...I don't know if I'd consider myself an alcoholic as I can stop after one or two but usually once I begin I continue until I am buzzed or sleepy. ..In your opinions is it possible to actually take a break cut back or if you struggle with overindulgence is the only solution to give it up cold turkey? ..I enjoy going out for drinks with friends and socializing I just wish it wasn't an every day thing for me. I keep feeling I need to walk away and take a break but I don't want to say I'll never drink again as I do enjoy it in moderation...Is this possible or am I deluding myself? Any tips on how to  detox  for a bit and clear my head? 
----------immediate responses--------

Look I can not tell you what is right for you as everyone is different and a lot of society can drink in moderation. I am not one of those believe me I tried. I would have moderate success for a while but it would always come back to the same thing get blacked out and become miserable. Maybe not in a week maybe not in a month but it WILL happen to me again and I do not want that as it resulted in 1 DUI already. ..I had a lot of the same thoughts as you. I dont want to QUIT just drink in moderation I like to go out with friends and drink watch a hockey game with a beer bbq with a beer drink some whiskey while playing board games with friends. I recently relapsed and am starting over I am now questioning why I need to drink to have fun during these events...The only thing I can recommend is try out the sobriety thing find out your passions without the booze. One day at a time i told myself I am not drinking today I will worry about tomorrow when it comes around. ..I truly hope you find the answers that you are looking for. Good luck with everything.
Alcohol is a drug which is inherently hard to moderate for many of us because of what it *does* when it interacts with the human brain.....I don't find the label 'Alcoholic' particularly useful... the modern medical term is 'Alcohol Use Disorder' which covers both alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence... there is a self-assessment tool linked on the sidebar of r/alcoholism that you could use if it helps you gain some insight into your drinking.....Alcohol addiction is a condition with predictable stages which moves through levels of severity the more and longer you drink.... [This post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/) describes the typical trajectory very accurately... I made it well into Stage 3 before I stopped and it was awful!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... I also had help from my doctor and this sub......Have a read through some of the oodles of [past posts about moderation](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=moderation&amp;restrict_sr=on) and you'll notice some common themes keep recurring.....I have heard some folks have had success with 'assisted moderation' by using a medication called Naltrexone which blocks the excessive dopamine response from drinking and is said to make it easier not to overdo it... If you're determined to try moderation/ harm reduction instead of just stopping altogether it might be a route worth exploring with your doctor.....AFAIK many structured moderation programmes advise starting with a period of several months of complete abstinence to give your brain chemistry a chance to settle down and to break some of the ingrained habits before you try a return to controlled drinking (with no guarantee of success).....Wishing you the best with whatever you decide to do!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
My instinct is to answer "only you can say what's right for you" but in my case that actually hasn't been true--I keep thinking I'm not an alcoholic and I can stop or cut back or whatever. But in practice it's like yeah I \*can\* stop but I usually don't because I don't \*want\* to (even though deep down I really do want to stop!). Which begs the question: what's the difference between ability and desire when I always give in to my desire? The point is if you have even a small hunch that you might have a problem it's probably worth quitting at least for a few months because for me until I got some distance and perspective I couldn't actually say what was right for me because I was too intoxicated by the idea of drinking. If it was an option I would usually go for it and my brain would figure out some way to rationalize it. ..It sounds like your friends and social drinking are a big influence which for me was a huge deterrent to getting sober (and still is--reset my badge today!). Some advice I got on here that works well is just having a list of things you can do with friends that don't involve drinking (or don't have to involve drinking). So when people suggest getting together for drinks you have a ideas ready to suggest other things to do. This worked to an extent but I did find myself a bit more isolated that usual in the first few months. That can be okay too--it's your life and your body and the friends who are actually worth having will still be there on the other side. 
