-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ydc76/battling_daily_cravings_so_tired/

I'm a chronic relapser.  It seems as time goes on accumulating days gets much harder and the cravings get more intense.  When I started this process over a year ago racking up 3 days wasn't all too challenging but now its a real struggle.  I get to 5 days (barely) and every darn day I'm using EVERY tool I have to not have a drink. It's so tiring...I'm meditating taking medications including an SSRI (which definately helps) walking a lot (my exercise for now) occassional meetings and reading intensely these days. All good but....damn this is hard...I finished S. Scoblic's  book "Unwasted" and now I'm reading "My Fair Junkie" by A. Dresner.  Intense read. I'm not really triggered per se but as I'm reading I'm thinking on one hand - *this will definitely keep me sober* \- and on the other hand - *wow she's was a hot mess and I'm nowhere near that...a couple drinks is not a big deal*.* It's all about moderation*...I was on the way home on the subway last night pushing away the cravings and coming down after a long day and a long evening meeting feel a little down on myself and boy did I want a drink just one.  I sat down started ready and almost had a panic/anxiety attack. It was weird and I haven't felt that in a long time.  It passed.  I ate something. Then the craving past.  Later I watched a couple of episodes of "Mom" and went to bed sober...I'm fighting this everyday.  It's only day 5 almost 6 and I'm tired. How in the world am I going to get to 7 10 50 67 again or even 100?  I know I know...one day at a time but...heaven help me!
----------immediate responses--------

Hang on and take it one day at a time...that is what broke me free of my chronic relapsing.  Just one day at a time.  Got a little stronger each day and the cravings got a little less. Now I haven't had a major craving in over 40 days.  I would have never thought this possible.  It's wonderful to be free and at peace.  ..You can do this! IWNDWYT 
One day at a time. No tomorrow no next week --just today. You can do this. I thought of it as stepping back from the edge of a cliff- one step away and father back from the abyss everyday &amp; now it 586 steps away!!!
It's SO hard isn't it?  So much work to stay sober.  Major stressor about 1 hour ago and my drinker self said "I can't survive this without a drink" and my sober self said "Don't disappoint me again!" so I had to invent  yet another distraction. ..And I have to be careful what I read too.  Was reading about drinking before bedtime last night and dreamed about getting drunk and woke up with a hangover?  Felt terrible.  Anyhow something deep inside says "this is it" you have to do this this time.  And I've made a commitment to ME that I am going to make 30 days.  I'm kinda focused on that number like it's magical or something.  Then I'm going to be feeling SO good I'll be in a spot where I'm ready to say goodbye forever to the demon alcohol. The power of positive thinking right?
There are a lot of great AA meetings in the Bay Area.  ..Good luck.
