-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yio4j/5_years/

I've not been feeling to great lately for one reason or another and I admit I don't frequent this sub too much anymore but I feel like I should recognise this achievement for myself. I found this sub and saw other people like me struggling and supporting each other and it gave me just enough strength to take the first step and here I am. I was drinking 3/4 of bottles of whisky and vodka a night and to be honest to you I probably could have drank the whole thing but I felt a little better leaving some in there for the next day. I have no doubt if I'd of carried on like that I probably wouldn't be here today. There is hope keep trying don't give up. One mistake doesn't matter if you persist. You can do this too I'm not special in any way good luck...I recently discovered a friend of mine has terminal cancer cancer of the liver. I've been in touch with him and he agreed to see me when he is "having a better day" but obviously that hasn't happened yet as we haven't got together. He is on morphine and says he sleeps most of the time. It is very sad to me because I'm pretty sure he had a drinking problem and no one ever said anything (at least the people in my group of friends). We played cards once a week and he was so drunk once his head was on the table and barely responsive. At the time I was debating to say something but we fell out other some other shit and hadn't talked for two years until now. I don't know if it would have made any difference but I wish I'd have done it regardless. He's 40 years old and as far as I know the last 10 years he's lived a rather lonely isolated existence. I don't know why I'm writing this really but I guess to just remember to look after yourselves and your loved ones. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry to hear about your friend.  That is very tough...You should be very proud of your five years.  I've lost a lot of people in my life and one way I think about staying sober is that I'm honoring the people who are gone. Like my mom and dad.  Chances are I'm the only person alive who thinks about them too much.  I'm keeping their memory alive by not drinking.  And I'm respecting the precious gift of life.  ..I'm sending you positive thoughts! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations and great work on 5 years! That is inspiring.  And thanks for posting the story about your friend is motivating as well. Aside from health were there any major changes in your own life that came about when you quit drinking?
So sorry about your friend another stark reminder to stay on the path. I hope you're not blaming yourself for not speaking up so many of us have ignored the truth when loved ones express concern. 
Congrats to you celebrating with 5 years sober. .. 
Life is so fucked sometimes.  I am really happy for your five years.  Even though life can be a kick to the teeth it is so much better sober.  Recovery from the kicks is easier when you're sober.
Im so sorry about your friend I really am. I guess you're here because something in you wants to vent. Maybe if you've found  your support elsewhere you can come back and share the knowledge with us new ones! 
&gt; I'm not special in any way good luck...But you're wrong OP; you *are* special.  ..Congratulations on your milestone and from the rest of us fighting the good fight here's to another five years for you mate.  ..IWNDWYT
I'm really sorry to hear about your friend. It's always hard seeing someone  you care for or love slipping away. And it's probably a bit surreal when you think about how if you kept going that it could have been you. ..Congratulations on your milestone. I hope you and your friend find happiness and peace. 
Thank you for sharing your thoughts and feelings.  I'm so sorry to hear of your friend.  And I am so glad to hear that you are celebrating 5 years!! That is a BIG DEAL to me anyway.  :-)  I'm definitely still utilizing this sub as a way to keep perspective on drinking and what it could mean for me should I pick up again.  I appreciate your share.
Really sorry about your friend. It's never easy losing a loved one and I hope you're taking care of yourself. Congrats on five years though! That's an incredible accomplishment!
congratulations on 5 years.  ...be good to you
I think this is great advice for everything in life..."There is hope keep trying don't give up. One mistake doesn't matter if you persist."..Whether it's a diet career relationship anything. Don't allow a mistake to feel guilty and let self pity win...and dive into a death spiral. Just chalk it up to a bad day and move on.
Congratulations on 5 years!  I'm sorry for your friend.  Keep coming to the sub support the new comer.  Share your story.  
