-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yjb84/two_days_away_from_five_months_struggling_big_time/

I'm going through some life stuff that makes it really hard for me not to drink.  Give me strength redditors!!!!  Thank you.  Sending love. 
----------immediate responses--------

Me too today. I got blindsided by temptation and nearly gave in. I won't drink today if you don't?
Me too today. I got blindsided by temptation and nearly gave in. I won't drink today if you don't?
Me too today. I got blindsided by temptation and nearly gave in. I won't drink today if you don't?
Sending you strength and courage Tissues.  For me a lot of change happened between three and six months   but by six months my sobriety had really bedded in and things got easier to deal with without drinking being at the forefront of my mind all the time.  You can make it!  I will not drink with you today if that helps.
OK! Sending some positive vibes your way. We all can use some now and again.  All I know when down drinking will only make things worse! IWNDWYT
You've gone this far don't give up. Keep things in perspective.  Hard times and/or uncomfortable times are transformative.  You won't get the whole experience if you skip out for a bit to get drunk.  Things get better and just imagine the person you'll be when you come through this shit-storm: sober smarter and much stronger.
I really struggled around that mark as well. I'm glad I stuck it out though as it does get easier. Just remember drinking gives a very temporary relief from feeling but when it wears off the old problems and feelings are still there with the added pain of a hangover or worse. ..I won't drink with you today!
I had 75 days under my belt a couple of days ago and I believed I could control my drinking if I could just have the one...Now I'm on a two day hangover and wishing I hadn't let my temptation get the better of me. ..So play the scene forward... ..I will not drinking with you today :)
Sending positive vibes/thoughts and strength your way!! Take it one minute at a time. I hope you can find something else to distract yourself and personally I'd say that anything not illegal or immoral is OK (Fattening is OK :-D I use chocolate to get through the cravings!). IWNDWYT.
Sending love right back at you!  Good luck - IWNDWYT
I would have been 146 days sober today but I fell off on the 11th. Today is day 2 sober. I'm awaiting a badge reset at the moment. The second I woke up yesterday from a night of drinking I felt emotions of sadness and grief! Like someone or something had died...like my badge! That number made me proud! Accountable! And dont forget the most awful hangover ever! Having not drinked in almost 5 months the hangover was intense dude. Not worth it. Distract yourself! Do whatever you need to do to stay sober! Your sobriety is key. Stay strong IWNDWYT 
You have the strength and you can do this.  Just get through the day the next hour or even the next minute if it comes down to that.  You have what you need to do this.  You got this...I will not drink with you today.
Hang in there - just get through minute by minute if you have to!
Hang in there.  You got this.
I just went through some very similar emotions. I was stressing things about a spouse and got a response that was awesome. By the way I'm 151 days my count is off and I can't get it adjusted properly. ..After reading what he wrote and assessing my personal situation. It became obvious not drinking was forcing me to build my boundaries. Things people did that were acceptable because I would get mad and take my frustrations out with alcohol we're no longer ok. I've been going through an emotional rollercoaster because people had gotten used to taking advantage of me because I was a drunk and passive and let it happen. ..Once I started building my sober boundaries it caused major stress and arguments because they weren't used to me not allowing it. Being sober has caused a lot of good things but also a lot of stress in my life. Dealing with the things I'd done in the past learning to manage emotions sober building boundaries and dealing with triggers are going to be real difficult. It's part of learning to manage life as a sober person. ..I hope you can figure out what's causing your issues without turning back as well. I made it through my last difficult event but also gained some understanding of why I felt that way. Stay strong because it will be a wonderful lifestyle once we learn to manage life as sober people. 
Just remember the shame and sorrow you'll feel if you cave in. Hang in there. You can do this
It's just really not worth it. I decided to have a couple drinks about a week ago and was really disappointed with the way it felt. I didn't get the same warm fuzzy feeling that I used to. I felt tired groggy and actually missed feeling sober. Then I woke up the next morning with static in my head. ..I had hyped the idea up so much about how nice a drink or two would be and was completely let down.... which was totally a win for my overall mindset! ..So do yourself a favor avoid the disappointment and just don't drink with me today! 
Think of the person you were when you drank. Idk about you but I really hate that person. The way the thought and acted are not who I want to be. Look at who you were the last five months. I bet that is a good person. Your current life struggles need that five month person. Be that person. Keep your head up!!
Stay strong. Ask alcohol to provide you with a detailed list of times that consuming it made things better and not worse. When I feel cravings it helps me to ask myself "will alcohol really and truly make my current situation better by consuming it?" 
Keep plugging away at it - there will always be hard moments when giving up something so central to our lives before...I've mentioned this on some other posts and I guess it fits here...The big change for me with this go at it is a realisation that I only want to drink when \*\*I\*\* want to drink. ..Not when social convention demands it or peers pressure me (overtly or otherwise) not when I think "drinking would make getting from social point A to social point B simpler/easier" etc etc - not any reason other than \*"I genuinely want a drink in and of itself"\*...A quote that has helped me with this is ..\*\*"Make sure what you do is the product of your own conclusions"\*\* - Jim Rohn..I'm not there now I don't know if I will ever be back there and if so what form that might take.   ...But what I do know if I have my first drink after this long off because of some external factor that was beyond my control I suspect I will really regret that - I obviously don't know your precise circumstances but the fact you posted here suggests very strongly to me that you look at it much the same way...Stay strong  
You got this! Much love
Sending positive vibes. You got this!
We're in this together don't worry about 2 days but today I won't drink with you
They've been developing as I go. It took awhile to figure out that's what's been happening. It's been a strain on my relationship because things are changing. .
I gave in after 3 years...major regret....i am back to day 1 again and again since ! 
My day count is not accurate I've been drinking recently not a bottle a day or anything but still too much (any is too much for me can't really moderate) anyway my point is this sucks I'm really beating myself up right now and I know that's not a good thing. My suggestion to you is to not drink power through it it's not worth it. I will not drink today with you. 
I just read your recent post in r/raisedbynarcissists. I had a really similar experience once. Ended a toxic friendship and lost a mutual friend who decided to take sides for no reason and on the basis of a complete lack of information. It was fucking hard. I eventually realized that the mutual friend who took sides was also not a person I needed in my life since she couldn't respect my right to establish healthy boundaries for myself. I was kind of blindsided when she showed me this about herself but in the long run it was merciful that she removed herself from my life instead of forcing me to waste a bunch more of my time learning that about her...I've noticed that sobriety has a way of helping us see when it's time to  clean house  in our social lives. Ending a toxic friendship is hard no matter how sure you are that it was the right move. It takes time to recover and move on...Sobriety is what gave you the ability to do what needed to be done. If you were still drinking you would have just ignored the toxicity and kept putting up with it. Be grateful to sobriety for helping you do the right thing and express your gratitude by staying sober while you recover from this event.
It gets better. You'll get stronger. Stay with it! 
