-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yr3c9/struggling_with_the_guilt_and_shame/

Man I had 8 months 224 days. Then I throw it out the window to get shit faced and then feel like shit. Looking for pointers on getting over beating myself up. Hope everyone is doing well IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Think of the kindness you have towards others when you read their posts on here.....then show it to yourself. If only it was easy to give up the addictive poisin that is alcohol. Put your energy into not drinking today....move on....you have the wisdom now about the effects of drinking...hold on to that. I will not drink with you today ....and i have just had a badge reset !!! 
Resetting your counter doesn't mean those 220 days were gone and wasted.  Your liver and other organs probably did a good bit of healing over that time.  You probably picked up some good skills for making it work again.  You avoided a lot potentially bad stuff during that time.
One day at a time! I won't drink with you tonight! &lt;3
Don't be so hard on yourself.  Every day brings a chance to start again
224 days is a big accomplishment. That achievement does not lose its value just because you start over again. Look at it like you have completed a marathon. Maybe you're back to running 5K's for now but you can still be proud of that marathon! .I dream I will someday reach 224 days as well. So in that sense you're an inspiration to me. .I bet you've learned a lot fighting through those 224 days. Use that knowledge to get back in the game and before you know it you're up and running marathons again!.Thank you for posting!.IWNDWYT 
Everyday is a day one for me. Yea racking up the time is great but I'll be satisfied with just one day...today. My best wishes to you my friend. 
I hate myself a little for throwing away 3.5 months earlier this year but I can definitely still feel the effects of those months now that I'm back on the wagon...Be grateful it was only one day. My one month plus bender cost me so much in so many ways. IWDWYT
I stumbled across this quote recently and it really helped me.  "Falling down is an accident.  Staying down is a choice."  It made me realize that almost every success in my life was preceded by a massive failure. So get up dust yourself off and turn this stumble into something awesome! IWNDWYT.
I'm on day one kramtem.  I've been struggling with getting any cumulative time lately.  A long time ago I was sober for six years so I remember what it feels like to relapse after I had been doing well.  Guilt and shame indeed.  I felt so ashamed that I didn't tell anyone when I relapsed.  You did the right thing by being honest about it and posting here.   That's a big deal; I know that because my way didn't work.  I tried to hide it and thought I would just get sober again and everything would be fine.  Well I now believe that it takes more than just me.  Also if I am intentionally dishonest I am screwed in the long run.  My pride got in the way of my honesty.  It's easier to say than do but stop beating yourself up and treat yourself as you would a friend.  If your friend relapsed you would be supportive and kind.  You are on the right path....
