-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ysdyk/where_i_am_vs_where_i_would_be/

Just having a quick think about where I am and whether my life is better from not drinking. Although I'm not living the fantasy life so often portrayed on social media posts with drinking before and afters my life is much different to what it would be if I had carried on...There is no new wonderful relationship no great change in career hard earned degree or even the travelling I've been planning. However there have been no fights no days and weeks of anguished self destructive binges of slow suicide no wasting money on liquid instead of saving for future chances no anxious hours of public drinking and walking the horrible line of trying to socialise and trying to stay the right amount of drunk never fully present...My mental health isn't perfect and I do still struggle. A big change though is that the self destructive thoughts don't turn to self destructive actions. They stay as thoughts meaning I have to be there with them. The practice of not following through has changed my reactions and allowed me to challenge those thoughts in a better way that just giving in...Stripping back the layer of booze from my mind has allowed me to work on the next layers and though it's not easy I am thankful to have the chance as I might never have had it - and there are others who may never...I will not drink with you today :) 
----------immediate responses--------

I love this post. Thank you for sharing  
It sounds like you are in a much better place overall and most importantly in a place where you can continue to move forward. I think that's pretty damn good. IWNDWYT
Great post! 
Good work. Have you tried therapy or meditation? I have found these to be extremely helpful in recovery. My brain felt like an open sore after I quit. Meditation can restructure your neural pathways. It has had a profound effect on my mood and anxiety levels.
I love this post too. Thanks for being honest and sharing. It's helpful for those of us who are having similar experiences!
Love this! So often the important changes are the subtle ones only we realize but to us they're huge. 
I can relate to this feelinh as well. I feel that I wouldn't still be sober if everything went great always. Still feel like I take one step forward then three steps back. Even so Im taking more steps forward than I ever was. I'm sure your are too!
I appreciate you sharing. Thank you.  What travels do you have planned? I won't drink with you today. 
Thank you for this post!! 
&gt;trying to stay the right amount of drunk never fully present..I'm here on the screened porch with my husband fully present and grateful.  And thankful that I am living *this* life.  Thanks for the beautiful post!
Good post!
