-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yshae/day_2/

Thank you all for your encouragement yesterday it really helped me get through the day. I am struggling massively again today the withdrawal symptoms have really hit me hard. Trying to drink lots of water not sure I will manage food today though. I am shaking like crazy and anxiety through the roof again. Why do I keep doing this it is making me so ill..No need to reply/comment just wanted to check in..Good luck to you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya  my new day 2 again. I have stopped quite a lot in the past ...then started again. For me its the post drinking anxiety that ruins my happiness - apart from anxiety my life is just how i want it to be....apart from the vicious circle....anxiety attack = drink = anxiety attack..... You are doing such a great thing for your own health and sanity. Every day off is a triumph..we now both need them to be consecutive ...i do feel increased energy today so hang on in there its a very welcomed sensation. Keep writing. I have never used a community like this and its a massive surprise to be writing to likeminded people like yourself. We are at the same stage. I thknk people who have had withdrawal symtoms always say on here get medical help as they can be horrid...be careful. I will not drink with you today. I have an empty bottle of wine....my final one...sitting in my kitchen as a reminder and every day i dont drink i am putting the money aside. 
Maybe drink a smoothie full of fruit and veg 
Exactly what I use to ask myself "Why do I keep doing this???"..I have been listening to a terrific audioboook (This Naked Mind) . It has given me valuable insight into the WHY? It may help you to...All the best of luck to you. Stay strong and stick with the group. You CAN do this. IWNDWYTD  
Congrats on getting through day 1. Now let's blast through the next 24 hours sober! Are you getting medical help for your withdrawals? IWNDWYT 
At least we keep coming back. We keep trying. One day it will stick. I will not drink with you today
If you are experiencing withdrawal symptoms just be careful. It is good to have someone with you who understands what you are going through if possible. Remember you might not be quite right in your head for the next day or two as your levels of GABA and dopamine readjust. Don't hesitate to seek medical help if your symptoms get severe. I have quit cold turkey as have many other people on here I am sure with no major problems. The racing heart and anxiety generally subsides by day 3. Iwndwyt.
Agreed on the points of being careful with the withdrawing.  At the very least having someone to watch over you is a good idea.  ..As for anxiety I'm 90 + days in and still have anxiety.  The good news is that I can handle it.  It's not crippling any longer.  It's fine to just navigate it.  Exercise helps.  Meditation helps.  This is what I've come to learn and practice.  I don't have to depend on a substance to navigate through life comfortably.  Because that substance ultimately makes those uncomfortable situations 1000 times worse when I don't have it.  There is a solution.  
I am also day 2. So you picked Friday the 13th too huh? ;). Thanks for checking in. I felt drunk in the middle of the night last night even though I wasn't. It was so wierd. Now Im waking up with a slight phantom hangover  . This is wierdness only we understand. Soon we will feel better. We will get through this! 
My anxiety was worse than I ever thought it could be.  Quitting drinking made it almost completely disappear. 
Good luck. You can do this. 
The anxiety is the worst! I went and got some fake beers yesterday and those helped my dumbass brain through the evening. Some people might think its cheating but if its keeping me from killing myself its nobody's business but my own. Good luck. You got this!
If there is one piece of advice I can give you it is ride it out and I promise that the anxiety will ease. I've been where you are now and for me the anxiety started to ease around day 5. The only way out of it is through it...Two weeks in and you will be so grateful for the gift you have given yourself. ..Best of luck keep going you can absolutely do this! ..X.
Get some pedialyte or other drink with electrolytes. Get Boost or another nutritional drink. And take vitamins especially B vitamins.
You can ease it by sticking with it. A week from now your anxiety levels will not even be on the same spectrum as they are today I promise. ..You can do it don't give up. ..I'm on day 163 and my 8 year anxiety disorder has  been completely changed. When I was drinking my anxiety was stuck in this vicious cycle of being escalated by binging and hangovers and being made worse each time...Having this long time away from drinking it is honestly astonishing how much more manageable anxiety is. I truly never feel overwhelmed by anxiety anymore. I only get fleeting moments. It's amazing. ..At day two you are probably in the peak time for the anxiety of your withdrawals. I know it's awful but it will pass. ..Just keep going x.
