-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ytipk/32_years_today/

32 years ago right after I turned 19 Life conspired to cause me to stop drinking. I was fortunate to be with people courageous enough to point out that my life was unmanageable-and even more fortunate that they had a solution to help me not have to drink or use drugs ever again. One day at a time turned into a year and now 32! When life challenges me I remember that I have choices. I didn't used to have choices-I only had the craving of addiction. If you are struggling with addiction-of any kind-reach out for help-to me or to somone who loves you. Many paths exist for Recovery-mine include (Secular) AA S-Anon Al-Anon and Refuge Recovery-but most importantly people willing to hold my hand while we walk the path of Recovery together. I am so grateful to no longer be alone.
----------immediate responses--------

32 years. that figure boggles my mind and gives me hope. thank you so much for sharing and congratulations on your jaw-dropping achievement. ..not drinking with you today.
That's amazing well done and enjoy your day. :) 
WTG ODAT CONGRATS! !! 
   I'm happy you gave yourself the opportunity to live your life!  Congratulations on 32 years of Freedom!        
That is so amazing! You are an absolute inspiration! IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing this and way to go!!! I am happy to not drink with you today.
I'm inspired. Took me 15 years longer than you to do something about drinking. You've achieved something special. You've spent the majority of your years here on earth sober. ..Congratulations. So very special. 
Less than a month after you got sober a baby named Jack was born to loving parents. That baby would become an alcoholic in his mid-to-late 20s. I'll turn 32 next month. That you've been sober for a month longer than I've been alive absolutely messes with my noggin. 32 years of freedom from the poison that tried (and failed) to ruin us both. ..Congratulations. I mean that with my whole heart. 
Great stuff. I might join you in having cake today! Also IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! One moment not drinking turns into two. One day becomes two. However the moment is the king. In the moment being sober is the winning hand. I too utilize Refuge Recovery. My sobriety is anchored in it. Group meetings are so very important in my experience for recovery. ..I hope you are proud. Be well friend...I won't be drinking with you today!
32 years ago I was a kindergartner enjoying my first summer break. I was probably playing with my cat and messing around in our creek catching crayfish. 10 years later I would start drinking 20 years later I would be kicked out of school for drinking and 32 years Id meet you here both sober and free. Glad to meet ya! Truly looking forward to many more sober days to come. 
That is bad ass! Thank you for showing what can be done. Keep it up hope I never catch you. 
Wow. Congrats man! I should have started this sooner but I'm glad I did finally ! Iw
Congrats on staying true
Congratulations!!! You are an inspiration!!! 
Wonderful and inspiring!
You've been sober longer than I've been alive. ..I too got sober in my teens. 18 for me. I'll be celebrating 10 years at the beginning of September. It's nice to meet someone even through the internet that has been sober since an early age. Sometimes it's hard for me to relate to a lot of the stories people tell. I've never even had a legal drink in my life. Never been inside a bar to drink. And yet I'm an alcoholic. Thank you for sharing today and not letting me feel like I'm the only one. 
