-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8yxf1b/obligatory_60_day_post/

First much love to everyone here. I love the new guys who have the unfortunate privilege of reminding me about that abysmal first week. I love my coconspirators who keep telling me that they're facing the same emotional nonsense I am and that it's totally normal. I love the +30 dayers who keep babbling about just how great it is to be one grade older than me \[jerks :)\]. I love the dinosaurs who keep talking about strange alien philosophies like marriage and houses and kids and careers and things I might look forward to one day...Second you guys are rubbing off on me. I actually had that stupid dream (dreams are crazy right? haven't had those in 10 years) last night where I drink some whiskey and then dump it out...So here's my progress...1) Panic attacks dominated the first two weeks. I thought I would die. Have been panic free for 25 days...2) I can look up while I'm walking without getting dizzy and stumbling (don't know if anyone else had that issue?)...3) Lost 10 lb then gained 5 lb. Look way better because I'm running 5k four times a week. I'm happy I'm gaining it means my appetite is back...4) Had no cravings about moderation until recently (I had "medical" cravings in my first weeks) their return is actually a relief because I think I was very very sick when I quit...5) My resting heart rate is down 10 bpm. I'm still struggling with sleep (not enough deep sleep)...Here's what I'm struggling with...1) I'm still sleepy all the time. I think it's because I'm not getting restful sleep yet...2) Depression and side effects. Not going to lie some days I have to manually chew my food...3) Emotional volatility. I can start crying on the subway just from some song. I can also start grinning uncontrollably from a stupid joke I should just smirk at...4) Brain fog I'm still a space cadet I blame the sleep...Anyways thanks again keep on trucking...z
----------immediate responses--------

way to go on 60 days! that's some awesome work! ..emotional volatility was my struggle too for quite a while. i took supplements (and still do) that really helped me out. 5htp magnesium and thiamine/methylcobalamin - if you think that might help you may want to have a look into that...
Congratulations on your 60th day of Freedom!!    
Yesthe emotions come back in full force! Congrats on 60days that's no joke. I was super depressed when I was in the 50-60 day range and I remember looking it up to see if that was a common time to feel down.
Do a quick Google search regarding alcoholism vitamin B1 (and B complex). Alcoholics are really low in B1 and it can help with the spaced out brain. It definitely has helped me.
There aren't many rules around here and milestone posts aren't "obligatory" I love them though and will do a happy dance to celebrate your 60!..Getting sober felt like a second puberty. Huge emotional swings song lyrics we're so *profound* and I crushed on anyone who said hi to me. Fortunately it was a lot shorter than the first go around. 
Whoa okay so I know you posted this forever ago but I also have the dizziness thing with looking up! Wtf is that?! Did it go away? Only on week 2 would love to hear more!
