-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8z1nq6/need_help_fully_convincing_myself_to_start_this_a/

Disclaimer - deep down I already know I WANT to quit and start a new journey. In fact I've attempted it many times only to fall back down on this slippery slope. I'm going to attempt to provide what I think are the factors making me hesitate and I'd like to think that once I'm assured my reasoning is flawed I have no excuse to fall back again into this vicious cycle...Story: I never had a sip of alcohol in my life until my second year of college. When I got drunk it was an incredible feeling that I never have felt before. I had a rather shy demeanor back then and it brought out a lot in me much to the amusement of many of my friends and peers. Eventually I became much more social starting to go out more often and being acknowledged as "the life of the party". I would be funny witty busting out magic tricks bringing in even the shy people to the conversation. Even when I was sober I thought to myself "wow the charisma and confidence I used last night was amazing why have I not done that before? I like it". Things were going well I kept the drinking to a moderation never being the sloppy drunk until well.. it led to binge drinking of constantly blacking out. Objectively speaking as this may sound rather sad I have more fun/fond memories while I was inebriated than when I was sober back in school. Perhaps it's because a lot of my close friends were quite the drinkers too I don't know...Fast forward to post college I've been working in a rather stressful environment (think high stakes money 80 hour weeks people screaming at you every other minute etc). I've taken my binge drinking to a whole new level where I don't necessarily black out I'm still in full control a lot but I'm starting to see a lot of adverse health effects as a result of it. I'm still making and meeting a lot of great people acting this way (both drinkers and non-drinkers) and perhaps it's either a deeply ingrained habit I'm struggling to break out of or I have this fear that once I lose this "magic potion" I'm going to lose my touch and all my charm that these people love...Sorry rather a long post but to summarize here are the main reasons why I think I'm struggling to quit forever:..1. I was getting the best of both worlds when I was drinking in moderation. I've done this before I just need to put my mind to it and soon I won't be binge drinking anymore!.2. I associate a lot of happy memories while under the influence. That's not to say I don't have great memories while I was sober but objectively speaking the ratio is rather lopsided..3. I'm working a high stress job. I need ways to cope. I've already tried other usual techniques such as working out meditation eating healthily etc and it's not working. Drinking seems to be the cure to it. .4. My fear that once I lose the booze I'm going to lose all the "good" things I learned from it - breaking out of my shell making people feel good about themselves being charming a fun guy etc. ..Please rip at me all you want. A struggling (and losing) part of me really wants to make the move but is being held by these aforementioned reasons. As a matter of fact rather than posting on a throwway account  I decided to login to my main to show how serious I am. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..Your story has a familiar ring to it.....Alcohol addiction is a progressive condition which moves through predictable stages and levels of severity the more and longer you drink and it's pretty much a one-way-street.....[This post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/45bndo/the_myth_of_the_functioning_alcoholic/) describes the typical progression of a drinking problem very accurately... I made it nearly all the way to Stage 4 by the time I stopped and it was awful!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Ingesting an addictive toxic carcinogenic psychoactive drug isn't the 'cure' for anything despite any amount of wishful thinking to the contrary.....Your fears are very common and anyone who makes the decision to stop drinking will have felt much the same thing.... When I stopped everything got better (eventually!) and nothing got worse......Best of luck and keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
What are the problems alcohol use is giving to you? I know when I started my story sounded like yours. The negatives begin to mount over time. I'm 10 days in to my second attempt and I refuse to go back. Only you can decide. My experience has been that better things come my way without the alcohol. Alcohol has nothing to give-it only takes from you. Maybe a tally of pros &amp; cons may be for you. I will not drink with you today.  
Welcome. I'll just say that using alcohol to deal with stress only gets worse over time. That's based on my experience and is a pretty universally accepted truth. Over time I needed to drink more and more to get the same relief. The build up was slow it happened over a few years but before I knew it I was drinking pretty unhealthy amounts after work every day just so I could take the edge off. Then finally the edge wouldn't come off no matter how much I drank. That's when things started to get really bad. ..Why do you want to stop? That's what I focused on. Everything else is just fear telling you to not do something that might make you feel uncomfortable at first. 
Thanks for posting.  I drank for a lot of the same reasons you do.  Over time I had a few bad incidents so I would quit but after a few years I thought I could handle things again.  When I quit at 59 I was pretty much the last one at the party.  I was physically and mentally beat.  You sound like a young person.  Try to take a break and see how things go.  Maybe go to a meeting.  Doesn't sound like you've suffered from any bad incidents yet.  They can happen when you least expect it.  Take care Marksman:)
I used to feel the same. Nowadays I don't tell myself I need to quit forever. Every evening I reflect on my day and plan the next one. That includes drinking. Not once did I think to myself before bed "I so wish I was drunk and incoherent". Not once did I wake up and missed the hangover or wished I was in hospital as a result of my drinking. Many people here benefited from stopping for 30 days to see how they feel about it. You don't need to commit yourself for life. Think of it like taking a car for a test drive...1. I know moderation wouldn't work for me. I don't want moderation. A couple of beers only makes me feel queasy and tired. I need more unless I'm off to bed but then that defeats the purpose of drinking. It's all or nothing for me. Besides nowadays the thinking is that alcohol in any quantities is bad for our health..2. I was the same. Then I realised I never gave myself a chance to make happy memories while sober. Alcohol was always there. It feels weird at first but it becomes the new normal after a while (this is not my first attempt at quitting)..3. I now know for a fact that alcohol increases my stress levels - both on physiological level and because of the consequences (even the tame ones like messy house no clean clothes lost keys etc). Being constantly under par and having to do things is stressful by itself (even if it's just washing the dishes). Alcohol covers up a lot of problems. When I stopped drinking new shit started popping up out of nowhere...Over time the longer I drunk the more serious the problems were. Others here suffered terrible consequences of their drinking. I knew that if I continued I would probably end up in the same place as them. So I decided to take a proactive action and quit while I'm ahead. For all of us alcohol stopped working and caused more hassle than it was worth...It took a long time for me to even be able to spend an evening sober and much longer to actually enjoy it. I trusted the people here that things would get better and they did...4. If I lost anything because of quitting drinking it means it was never mine - it was alcohol's. I cooked a lot of meals drunk and I can still cook them now because I didn't lose the skill. The change in personality (being less reserved more happy-go-lucky in my case) was alcohol induced. If I want these qualities in my sober life I need to work on developing them.
[deleted]
Hello u/hiimarksman !  I'm glad you're here.  Congratulations on your internal explorations...That's quite an impressive  Story' and  list of the "main reasons"...Here's what I see in your post including your title "Prove me wrong"...&gt;part of me really wants to make the move but is being held by these aforementioned reasons..My mind tricks me and deceives me with "reasons".  It's a Cognitive Shell Game.  It is in the category of  Thinking about Drinking .  I hope you'll agree...No one can prove nor disprove any of your reasons.  They are YOUR reasons.  .."Reasons" are overrated.  I had to abandon my quest for "Reasons" and instead focus on "What I do"..What I learned was "reasons" didn't matter.   Reasons" happen in my head.  "Reasons" are a cognitive exercise.  Thinking pondering wondering..... all are ambiguous activities existing outside the realm of measurement or confirmation by an unbiased observer. Thinking is not bounded by temporal constraints and exists outside the laws of physics.   A third party can't actually assess the extent to which it's occurring  nor evaluate the quality or content of the thinking.  (How "hard" is someone thinking?)  I can in one moment  think  about traveling to Jupiter and the next moment think about  why  I drink.  There's little difference in either one.  ..There are no costs associated with creating a reason.  I can create one reason or one thousand reasons for the same expense.  Reasons are not subject to the laws of physics are not bounded by temporal constraints and have no corporeal manifestation.  If I want to create reasons there are no barriers to entry if I like your reason I can appropriate it without paying you any royalties. There are no exchange rates for reasons.  They in effect *do not exist* except in the Cognition Carnival in my mind.  ..Let me repeat:  Reasons do NOT exist.  They cannot be touched.  They cannot be measured.  And if they have no exchange rate **Their Value is Zero**..I've come to realize that *cogitating* about alcohol is the equivalent of mental masturbation - a self indulgence slightly gratifying to the cogitator and guaranteed to not produce any viable offspring...I finally acknowledged that "thinking" about drinking was not going to help me stop drinking.  ...It required "Action".  My Action can be observed by an unbiased party.  It has temporal attributes and is subject to the laws of physics.  Action takes energy.  I started collecting "action verbs" and they have been my antidote to "thinking about drinking".  ..I "travel" to a meeting.  I "walk" around the block.  I "connect" with a sober support person.  I "share" at a meeting.  I "assist" someone else in staying sober.  All are actions.  Observable.  Temporal.  ..As soon as I started "acting" to stop drinking to take steps to get support to not pick up the first drink TODAY I became successful...I can't prove you wrong .. no one can prove you wrong ..  the question is this:  Do you want to be  right  or do you want to be  Unimpaired ...When you answer that question you will find an infinite number of reasons to do the one you choose...Whadda ya think?.
Initially I feel many of us associate fun time with alcohol. However you are here. You wrote about blackouts. How can you loose your fun if your not remembering the fun? I also work a very high stress and emotionally draining job. This lead to increased drinking which lead to more weekday hangovers which in turn leads to a hard day bc of the hangover then you drink bc your day was stresed and you feel like crap. It's a vicious cycle. Drinking and being drunk will not make you loose yourself but find yourself. Being sober you can continue to be a good person be positive towards other etc..You might find you can be a great person sober!
