-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8z1oui/shed_rather_see_me_drinking_than_smoking/

My partner told me a few weeks ago that I should quit smoking cigs. Of course I agreed and I have tried in the past but I told her that I wanna take this one addiction at a time that I'm still struggling with not drinking etc. She literally said that she'd rather see me drinking than smoking! Pardon my language but ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!? I kinda wish I said that in the moment but I kinda just shut down. .I just don't understand. She's been so supportive so far and she was the one who I initially talked to about wanting to stop even before I stopped. What the fuck you'd rather see me pound 10 beers a night every single night than smoke a few cigs throughout the day? You'd rather me feel so ashamed about my drinking that I inflict self harm than smoke a few cigs every day? You'd rather see me walk around the neighborhood at 4am breaking into houses churches construction sites drunk as shit than spend a couple more months smoking? You'd rather me call the suicide hotline once a week when I start panicking at 3am because I fucked up and drank too much again for the 8th time this week? .I'm just so frustrated and I've been letting this all build up I guess. Sorry for the novel just needed to vent../rant.IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

That sounds pretty frustrating.
Congrats on 126 days! .In my opinion one day at a time one vice at a time is a good strategy. You're doing what's right for you. Stay strong  
Sometimes people say things in a moment that are not reflective of rational thought. That said she certainly said a very shitty thing. ..Congrats on all of your progress so far and keep doing you! That's the important thing. I hope she can come around to being supportive again.
Ouch. That's tough. Sorry you're going through that. Society's perceptions about what's right and wrong are so skewed. Alcohol is  built into just about everything we do and see. It's messed up...How many people have you heard of that have killed a family of four in a car accident because they've had too many cigarettes to smoke or go home and beat their wife and kids because they've had too many cigarettes to smoke cheated on their spouse and neglected their children because they've had too many cigarettes to smoke have put themselves in dangerous situation after dangerous situation because they don't have the wherewithal to make sound judgements because they've had too many cigarettes to smoke...and so on and so on. I'm sure if your partner really thought through what she was saying she wouldn't have been so quick to speak. Second what bibilophile-blonde and givinguphooch say. Most people will not truly understand your struggles unless they've lived them which is why we're all here relying on each other for support wisdom and understanding - fellowship is a BIG part of sobriety. Not drinking right along with you today.      
Some people just hate cigarettes.  My ex spouse tolerated my drinking but flat out told me that if I ever started smoking again she might leave me.  I think in her mind she believed that cigarettes are guaranteed to cause disease while alcohol is the lesser of the two evils...I know plenty of people in AA and NA that gave up alcohol/drugs first and then eventually quit smoking.
Well it makes sense. You don't see ads in the media that talk about liver cirrhosis heart failure drunk driving wrecks that kill people. Instead you see ads that glamorize alcohol. In contrast with smoking all you ever see is ads that talk about the dangers of smoking and how it'll kill you.
