-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8z4xjo/16_and_sober/

I recently just came up on 9 months of continuous sobriety. I got sober October 3 2017 at the young age of 15. Through the steps of AA the fellowship my sponsor and higher power I have been restored to sanity and I've learned so much. There are many times I feel lonely in this world because I am so young. There are times when I feel all my friends slipping away because the only thing we had in common was drinking and using. I see everyone I used to care about so much slip deeper and deeper into addiction and I'm forced to distance myself from them for my own sobriety. This breaks my heart because the answer is so simple but some people aren't as lucky as me to have the willingness I had at a young age. Through young people's meetings I've established a group of other sober young individuals that I keep in contact with every day. They keep me going and remind me that I am not alone in this journey of being young and sober. I am taking every single waking day one day minute second and moment a time. ..I'm not really sure what the whole point of this post was but I hope that if you're struggling out there that God has spoken to you through my words. Stay sober people of Reddit!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

This makes me hopeful for you. Your brain is still malleable. You can get new n habits to stick. ..Sorry you're losing some friends. But you know what you lose old friends and gain new ones your whole life. It feels worse when you're young but you'll get through it...Good luck to you and keep up on the SD group here...IWNDWYT
Congratulations!..Tagging u/BlackPube - if this person can get sober at 16 so can you.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
**HighFive for 9mth /u/eggiestnoodle!**      
Good job man quitting shows your maturity. Sticking with this is gonna be one of the best decisions you make when you look back in 10 years.
Tonight at my homegroup heard a woman lead who got sober at age 16 more than 31 years ago.  I wish I could transmit her abundance of gratitude.
Man - I went to rehab when I was 15 - if only I'd gotten sober then would've saved me a lot of time and money and heartache. 
Fantastic! I wish someone had sent me to AA as a teenager.  At least I survived to be sober today.  
