-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zk9zm/quitting_for_your_health/

Anyone else here quit solely for health reasons? I had a few scary symptoms pop up in March/April of this year and after seeing a dr. and getting some blood work done I learned that my enzymes were elevated and my issues were likely due to excessive alcohol consumption. I immediately tapered my drinking down and ultimately quit. If this hadn't happened I would still be drinking daily. I was definitely a functioning alcoholic but I had no desire whatsoever to quit. I had plans to cut back for sure and take days/weeks/months off but never even considered giving it up completely...If you quit for similar reasons do you struggle with the fact that it's painfully obvious your body is taking a beating but mentally you still want that old lifestyle? This is especially difficult because many of my physical symptoms are still present or worse after 2 months of sobriety so I don't feel any progress being made for the time put in...Any way... I'm done ranting but would love to hear from others with similar situations.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh this is tough. I'm proud of you for actually stopping despite your desire to quit drinking. Some people just keep doing it until it kills them. ..White-knuckle sobriety is not the most sustainable from what I've heard. The best thing you can do is try and change your mindset toward drinking.  If you are able to start viewing alcohol for what it really is a poison it becomes easier to choose not to drink. ..Personally I have found that learning the science behind alcoholism has really helped me change my attitude toward alcohol. Check out The Naked Mind on audiobook/paperbook/podcast. I listen to this every day to/from work and it's really helped me naturally say  no. ..Are you involved in any kind of therapy? Counseling/AA/church/etc? Support is super important. This sub is super helpful but humans in your life are is really helpful too. Keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT 
My primary reason for quitting (among others) has been my health. 
Oh also- other sobernauts here also recommend  Alcohol Explained.' There is a list of really good resources on the sidebar others have recommended over time. 
Health is one of my reasons for quitting too. Apart from alcohol making me obese at one point and causing dry itchy skin I never really had a lot of health problems due to drinking but I know as someone in her early thirties that if I kept drinking as much as I was doing that I would have terrible health by the time I reached middle age and I would be lucky to reach old age (and even if I did alcohol would make those last years as painful and worthless as possible)...I've seen timelines one was on this subreddit (https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/2sf5jm/my_attempt_at_an_alcohol_recovery_timeline/) where it can take many years for the effects of alcohol to be repaired. I don't mention that to worry you or make you doubt that it's worth quitting but that sticking to sobriety really is the best choice you can make.
I quit for health reasons.  Enzymes were elevated at most doctor visits but not until I started having chronic pain in my side and terrible exhaustion did I decide to do something about it.  (My badge doesn't indicate the number of failed attempts over the past few months to get sober.  But I think this time it's going to stick.) ..I've read This Naked Mind and Alcohol Explained and visit here often and this has helped tremendously...Of course I miss my old lifestyle especially around 4 or 5:00 each day.  But my plan is to build a new life a better life little by little.  *Small Improvements Every Day.*  ..I don't know whether or not I'll ever be back to 100% health but I do know that if I keep drinking my liver and pancreas has no chance to heal to repair.  I'm giving my body this opportunity.  That's all I can do.
one way or another it boils down to health.  This shit will kill you in a variety of unpleasant ways...One thing a spate of recovery showed me was the old lifestyle was not nearly as glamorous as I told myself it was.
There's a saying "time does not equal recovery" which is intended to convey that when I removed the alcohol from me I was left with alcohol-less "Me"...The good news is that when I removed the alcohol I could work on my main drivers underlying my drinking...A "recovery program" is when I get support and tools to assess my situation identify my issues acquire tools and support and attend to healing and growing...Helped me!
It was definitely hard for me when I didn't really want to stop.  That makes every craving harder to deal with.  But it also changed my drinking forever.  Once I learned the kind of damage I was doing I couldn't unlearn that.  I couldn't forget that and relax.  Every binge after that was a conscious choice to step closer to death.  Why not just put a gun to my head if I want to knowingly kill myself?  Those thoughts really take the fun out of having a few beers...If you were expecting to heal up in 2-3 months and then moderate (which would probably still be excessive levels for average people) ask your doc if that is how the liver works.
[removed]
Thanks for the responses. All very good points. I'm not craving alcohol at this point and I plan to continue with my sobriety for the long term. I'm mostly just frustrated with my health in general and had high hopes that I would feel significantly better after a couple of months which may have been more wishful thinking and not so realistic.
Yes.  Long term health is my major concern.  I was binge drinking at home most nights.  8-12 beers.  That's just not sustainable.  Hangovers were a constant.  Abdominal pains sleep deprivation High blood pressure high cholesterol.  Liver enzymes never tested out of normal range but it was only a matter of time.  I decided to try to stop killing myself.
