-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zlvm5/who_stopped_drinking_and_had_less_anxiety_or/

I am wonderint if anyone out there who might've struggled with anxiety social anxiety OCD had relief when the poison stopped?
----------immediate responses--------

Stopped drinking. Still have major depression. Although I'm able to deal with life much better and I'm less up and down. My emotions were often more sad stressed overwhelmed worried when I was drinking 
I have had a big shift in mental health.  I am more outgoing confident and the anxiety is way less frequent.  Healthy living equals healthy mind.
Me!  It's not like I don't experience any of those things anymore but it's about a hundred times better than it was.  
I have all the exact same as you. I stopped drinking completely and it has done very little in terms of making me feel better...I still suffer with all the same mental health problems and don't really feel any better...I sleep better than what I did when I was drinking...I have lost a bit of weight since I stopped drinking and no longer eat junk food...I am much more bored now that I don't drink...That's basically the changes I have noticed.
YES! I feel a ton better! My anxiety is 1000x better now that I don't drink! I can't believe how much better I feel. Now anytime I'm having a rough day I just think about what I USED to feel like and the comparison is mind blowing. 
I only stopped a few days ago but already now I can feel that my OCD is better (still a long way to go though) which is strange since I always thought that without the alcohol it would be much worse. The other anxiety though like social anxiety is the same but then I'm only at the beginning
It comes and goes but  I have a lot more control over it.  My main issue is getting wrapped up in my head and I do that a lot less now.  I still lack confidence but that is a work in progress.
*raises hand*
Me!
Me! I started to notice a difference a few weeks in and it's been getting better since then. It REALLY helps that my insomnia is more or less gone because the exhaustion just made the anxiety ramp up. It also helps a lot that I am not stressing about drinking/hangovers/blackouts/what I might have said or done/etc...Meditation helps too...I need to be more consistent about it.
I started having panic attacks two years ago. I am only on day 15 of sobriety but I have not even had a twinge of panic. I hope they are gone for good. 
Big time. I struggled for years with various levels of depression and anxiety and sought multiple treatments. I got better I even went back to school and became a licensed mental health provider. But there was always this resistant nagging self-loathing. Sobriety killed it. Everybody's different but it's worth a shot. 
After I quit I stopped getting debilitating panic attacks my anxiety eased up a lot and so did my depression. It took time and most of those things are things that I still striggle with but it is much easier to manage and work with now without liqour in my life.
Quitting drinking helped immensely in lessening my anxiety and depression.  I think it enabled my antidepressants to start working properly.  I also feel much more sociable now and comfortable around other people.  IWNDWYT
I have suffered from panic disorder generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety for years. A few years ago I started drinking heavily again to self-medicate. Anxiety got worse and worse until this past June when I realized how much alcohol was contributing. ..The anxiety/stress got a bit intense for the two weeks after I sobered up but because I've re-incorporated healthy coping mechanisms (exercise proper diet yoga meditation self-care therapy) back into my life I'm feeling incredible. I still suffer from random anxious thoughts about my health (my #1 trigger) but I am better at shutting up those worries. Sobriety makes it possible for me to take care of my mind and body. 
Yep gained back tons of confidence and got rid of panic attacks.
I'm bipolar. Now I have more self confidence assertiveness and better sleep. My mood has improved; my doc said I probably had irritability from hangovers. I have less anxiety too.
Very much so. Dealt with depression and social anxiety my whole life. 75 days without alcohol. .It used to be assumed that to go out go to a show have a date that alcohol would be a part (how much can I have before will I over do it and be judged have to drive or not more things to be anxious about).  Then the more you practice sober socializing you realize the perceived "stakes" and anxiety associated with it aren't usually real. Sure I'm still awkward and goofy at first but atleast the drinking facade isn't required and I get to practice being my genuine self. Muscle memory I suppose. 
I have generalized anxiety disorder and OCD and the anxiety is almost the sole reason I quit drinking. After 22 days I am taking less benzo's and haven't had any panic attacks crop up. Last time I quit my anxiety got so much better that after 11 months I became complacent and starting drinking again because I had forgotten about how bad alcohol makes me feel mentally. I remember from that time that it took about 30 days to notice a big difference but the OCD increased for a while (through the roof actually) but after 3 to 4 months my anxiety was completely under control. That's what  I'm looking forward to this time as well. I just need to be careful to never let my guard down even when the cravings go away and I'm feeling good- we can never forget the pain that led us to quit in the first place. I suggest you write down your fears about quitting drinking and about life in general then revisit what you wrote every few weeks and compare the difference. You will get better I promise!
Me. A thousand times better than I ever thought possible. Little did I know that I actually do have some self confidence being AF. More than I've ever had while binging. 
Quitting alcohol didn't cure my anxiety disorder but it has made it a lot easier to manage. One of the ways anxiety+alcohol used to manifest for me was really deep feelings of shame and fixation on all of my drunken mistakes. I don't get that type of anxiety anymore but I do still get other types...My best strategy for coping with anxiety is exercise and I was not able to keep up a consistent exercise habit when I still drank. So stopping drinking has made it possible to do the things I need to do to really address my anxiety.
Ocd checking in! When i was sober for about four months straight my ocd was almost non existant 
Me!  I've had way less anxiety &amp; general mental health issues. I used to drink to  help  with these things not even realizing they only made everything worse. It's only been 3 weeks for me but my anxiety and depression are almost non existent now. I know I have to stay on my meds but I'm hoping I am able to at least take a smaller dose in the future. I still have major sleep issues. I haven't found anything that helps there. 
Stopping drinking hasn't made all of the issues go away per se but it has made them SO much easier to treat.  My therapy and medications are way more beneficial.  I was so scared of liver disease I would be constantly googling symptoms after every hangover.  When I'm sober I can process those fears away much more easily. 
Me. The less I'm hungover the less coffee I need to drink the less anxiety...The less hungover the less guilt and doom feeling causing anxiety...Doing what's good for me makes me proud 
Issues don't magically resolve but my reactions are more linear and controlled and things feel more manageable. That leads to less anxiety/worry and more action in general.
It is better - really it is - but now it feels like I never get a break from  anxiety.  It's like alcohol was my escape hatch and now that it's gone I have to live with things as they are permanently...I'm going to talk to my doctor about this at an upcoming check-up.  Maybe there's a medication that can help.
Serial relapser here but YES! My anxiety is so so so much better and more controllable when I've been a week or two sober. 
Me too
Meeee! I went from daily crippling anxiety attacks to maybe a slight wave of anxiety every few weeks or so. Now it can be calmed with deep breaths and I can move on whereas while I was drinking I had to take anxiety meds and sleep for days to get through an attack. 
[removed]
I'm going to go ahead an echo a lot of what folks on here are already saying: Anxiety and social anxiety still exist for me but to a much lesser extent and it is much more manageable...In my experience as a regular relapser I want to emphasize that not drinking isn't some sort of magic cure-all for what may be ails you/us/them/etc. I have definitely fallen into that line of thinking in the past and have seen it in some of my friends exhibit it as well. General unsolicited advice: If you have shit you gotta be working on strive to work on it!
Everyone until we came back to it. 
Meeeeee! I was anxious and so incredibly resentful when I was drinking. I'm so much more chill now. Problems are just things to solve not the end of the God damn world anymore. 
It's gotten better. Anxiety levels will get better as brain returns to homeostasis. Still have bad days still have social anxiety but they are better and that is also while I'm in medicated. More good days than bad now though worth it to me! 
I have greatly reduced the amount of anxiety and social anxiety by not drinking.  My days are only 4 but I have had much longer in the past.  When I started again its awful like crippling.  I will not drink tonight.
Oooh this is a hard one!..Uhh...*Everyone?*..What do I win?
100% better. Alcohol is will poison your body and mind. My anxiety and depression are gone.
Me! General anxiety essentially disappeared social anxiety is mostly gone. 
It's been 21 days for me but as someone who has had OCD anxiety and some depression for a very very long time I will say that it is better. I will note that I do see a therapist and take medication which I did during and now after drinking. ..Before I walked into those OCD anxiety and depression with alcohol strapped to me. Now some of the same challenges are there but it's like I'm walking through them and figuring them out--challenging as they may be--without ankle weights on while I walk. ..
Life is truly awesome since giving up booze. My anxiety and depression are 98% less in 90 days. Truly happy &amp; grateful. IWNDWYT 
Drinking caused my anxiety in two ways: physically and because I would get anxious about me drinking. If that makes sense. .I noticed this when I stopped. My post alcohol encounters caused a racing heart crap sleep etc. but knowing I'm not drinking consciously also gives me a sense of calm and I don't hate myself like I did before. It's dual. Alcohol causes depression but then I would also get more depressed knowing I had a problem. .Embracing it wrangling it has helped a lot with my shame and anxiety. 
