-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zlxzw/i_havent_stopped_completely_but_i_no_longer_binge/

For years I would drink till I blacked out because it was fun. My friends loved drunk me and I enjoyed the stories from what I did the night before. Finally I got sober and stopped having major memory problems (still have some from a TBI but not relevant to this post). Once I sobered up I found that if I stuck to beer I'd drink far less than if I drank liqueur. So naturally I started drinking really disgusting beer choices (IPAs). This limited me to 1 or 2 per event / evening. 6 years later and I can now drink liqueur in small doses without feeling the urge to get wasted. Just A nice McCallen with a cigar or A rum &amp; coke at game nights. I need nothing more than that. ..I have been reluctant to post this here because I always thought this was all about stopping drinking all together but I can find no other thread better for this. It's been 4 years since my last black out. I feel pretty amazing and love the friends I've made since sobering up...Mods: Feel free to delete if this post doesn't work. I'm not asking for a chip or anything as I do still partake. 1 drink per night was a hell of a struggle to get to but became amazingly easy after getting away from the military and all my alcoholic family members.
----------immediate responses--------

Not everyone who drinks heavily is an alcoholic. Congratulations on finding moderation works for you.  I started drinking only beer at age 18.  It did not work for me but that's ok.  It's a great relief to stop trying to make a round peg fit in a square hole...Staying aware and honest about the effects of alcohol will be key for drinking responsibility.
That is great.  I have known a couple people who limit themselves by ordering things they don't like the taste of.  Never worked for me because I like the taste of just about all of it.  Glad you found your balance.
This post is incredibly appreciated and very useful for me. it's not that I am looking for the day I can drink but...I dunno moderation isn't working for me. I've tried that. I realize I kind of need a good long break to really recalibrate my life and brain chemistry and after 15 years of drinking like...that probably will take me more than the 6 months I have been on my journey. ..I have been very active in AA but recently have felt burned out and missing my old lifestyle so I called a fellow and kind of told them whats up. And you'll hear this a lot from fellows "I've never heard someone going out and coming back and saying its great!".  It's like...well yea probably bc AA isn't really the appropriate place for that and I imagine most people know that. Clearly there are people who I dunno "can get better" as it were. The whole 'disease' aspect is still troubling for me and all that...So yes thank you for existing and sharing because this is a common question and I find it troubling sometimes that some of the info provided by certain communities is you will never be able to drink again bc you will die. True for some but not for all. 
This is great. Cutting back to that amount is an achievement. If I could I would so congratulations. 
I like this. As somebody who hasn't given up on moderation (but is quitting for now) I think we have a little too much of a hardcore hammer down on moderation...Alcohol abuse often masks other problems that need to be solved. We need to solve those problems in any way we can...IMO you don't have to be an alcoholic to have a problem with alcohol. I've envisioned a perfect day for myself either going completely sober or moderating. They both look the same - get up early in the morning and exercise read go to work do art cook delicious things walk the dog. The only difference is that my "sober" day ends with a lemonade and my "moderation" day ends with a beer...What's not going to work for me is waking up in a mental fog and feeling shitty as I have been for the past couple of years. ..The goal of this sub is to get to a point where alcohol doesn't control you. For most people that means stopping completely. But everybody's journey looks different.
Thanks for this! I recognize I was drinking too much too often and I too am trying to find the balance that works for me. Thanks to SD and all the stories advice information and encouragement I have drastically cut back in the past 6 weeks and definitely feel better. Not 1 single hangover since June 1 which is a major achievement. Taking it day by day and have some goals for cutting back further but if I decide to have a cocktail I am trying not to beat myself up over it. That said I honestly don't enjoy it as much as I (thought) I used to and have learned to "play the tape forward" and so have avoided overimbibing regrettable behavior and that wasted day after. Everyone has to find their own path I'm still working on discovering mine. Good luck to all!
Its good to see support for your post and people acknowledging that not everyone is an alcoholic...I feel a bit awkward about lurking here too as I'm not a problem drinker never drink to blackout/memory loss and mostly feel ready to stop before I'm smashed. I'm interested in abstaining because I want don't to use it to keep avoiding difficult things in my life or ruining mental and physical health...Its great to see a moderation success story. Good for you.
