-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8ztias/i_have_4_months_now/

4 months sober- this is great! ..Things that have improved thus far:..* The knowledge that I'm doing a very good thing right now. It sucked that I had to do something that I knew wasn't a sustainable habit that I was making myself sick that I had to quit but honestly felt like I couldn't. I was ashamed  and was scared of what I was doing to myself. Not having those thoughts and feelings anymore and having proven to myself that I actually CAN be sober for a longer amount of time means so much to me...* My sleep. Far better quality sleep and I need less sleep. I wake up feeling renewed...* My anxiety. It's gotten far better! It seems to control me less and less and now often feels a bit alien even. Alcohol DEFINITELY made it worse...* My energy levels massive improvement...* I feel happier. ..* My relationship improved and my bf notices how tremendously better I'm doing...* I feel more relaxed and also more social. I feel calm in a good way and more confident. I feel so much more comfortable in my own sin and with myself...* My self-care. I used to not care how could I care if I was a drinker? But I take so much better care of myself now. ..* My self-control. As I'm losing weight I don't want to eat too many snacks etc. So I just think to myself when an annoying craving hits: *you can stop drinking! If you can stop drinking you can also keep yourself from eating those chips.* :P..* My looks in general. I didn't realize just how often I was puffy and bloated in my face but I look SO much better. ..* My skin has massively improved...* My weight. I lost a lot of weight already that I really could stand to lose. I can fit in certain clothes again and all the downsides of being overweight/pretty much on the edge of being 'obese' have subsided. Physically and mentally. ..* I just feel like my body is just getting better healing. ..* I'm part of the world now. I no longer see the world through a sort of ''filter'' in my head...* My autism traits have lessened enormously or simply vanished. I probably am as I was as a child and my executive function kind of sucks (though rapidly improving it's kind of incredible!) but... I just don't recognize the traits anymore. It's probably also that my life currently is me-friendly or autism-friendly perhaps so that I notice it less.... but still. It's not that not-drinking cures autism but sobriety takes away so much of the burden and perhaps it's now making me fully realize how much I've developed and grown since I was diagnosed and in very oppressive conditions at home. I drank to cope with depression and crushing anxiety as I moved out and so much has changed since that time. I feel like *I* am defining me now not booze anxiety or autism. ..* I got help to deal with the things that I struggle with in daily life and that combined with sobriety means that I'm currently making huge progression with everything. ..* I'm emotionally stable and calm. Moreso than before...* I got out of my head...* Oh and of course I still have annoying days or days that're just kind of tired or shitty. That's life.....In these 4 months I:..* Have begun re-building a (sober) social life. Going great!..* Picked up embroidery/cross-stitching...* Went on holiday to Italy for 3 weeks it was incredible!..* get exercise..* Begun meditating daily...* Went to the pool on my own initiative. (I'm actually doing things rather than keeping it to plans and not being able to actually go and DO it) So now I like swimming. (oh and also taught myself swimming)..* Went to concerts 100% sober of course...* Dealt with cravings...* Took up an interest in looking nice and I suddenly wanted to look nice in bright cheerful summery colors so I gave myself a bit of a make-over. (love the result! And I could afford it as not drinking saves me a ton of money)..* Said ''no'' to people offering me booze...* Taken several initiatives invited people to do things which was a success...* Steadily got more of my life sorted out. ..* Bought nice plants for in our home...* Enjoyed everything far more in general...I'm very motivated to keep going and DON'T want to go back to drinking. I didn't regret sobriety for one second. ..Thanks for the support thus far and I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go ... inspiring 
Yay! Awesome list. I get to be the first to congratulate you...huge congrats!..Sober concerts are the BEST!! 
This is beautiful! On!
One of the best things for me was getting a full nights sleep.
Your improvements are amazingly close to a perfect match for the problems I've been noticing in my life recently. Congratulations on having the strength to win this fight. I hope to join you someday soon. 
Congratulations on 4 months! So many positive changes! I'm happy for you. IWNDWYT 
This is brilliant. What a wonderful life you've given yourself through sobriety. So inspiring. I'm saving this post for future inspiration when a craving hits. Congrats!!
4 months is impressive. Keep up the good work.  I used to work with a girl a few years older than me who during the course of her employment went from being a casual drinker to a full blown junkie (lots of weed and lots of beer and shots).  One of the things that made me stop was her behavior and watching her gain so much weight so rapidly.  She went from being a little crazy and chubby to being full blown bipolar and tipped the scale at 300 pounds easy.  I noticed the same thing happening to me and I refuse to go down that path.  I never really noticed the weight gain as it happened gradually but I had to take an honest look in the mirror and admit that things have to change.  Feeling like 10 pounds of shit in a 5 pound sack ruined my self esteem.  3 weeks sober and I can already tell my double chin is disappearing and I too can fit into old clothes that have been hanging in my closet for god knows how long.  It's a really great feeling.  
Well said. You are beautiful and I am so very happy for you! IWNDWYT 
Thanks so much for sharing! I've been noticing similar improvements in my life. Thanks for reminding me of all the things we are gaining when we eliminate alcohol. Congrats on 4 months! Iwndwyt!
That is one impressive list! Good on you and keep it up . . . IWNDWYT 
I'm so happy for you.  I hope to be writing such a post in a few months.  Keep us posted on your progress.  It's very encouraging.  I am going to save your post as inspiration.  IWNDWYT.
So happy for you!..If I can accomplish half of what's listed here I cannot imagine myself EVER wanting to go back to a life where alcohol is the center of my being.  It just sorta displaces everything else...
Wow! That's amazing and inspiring!  ..I went to Italy a couple times in the past but to imagine staying in a Tuscan villa and not sipping on local wine would be tougher for me than any night out with friends here at home...And an * on the house plants would be to keep house plants alive and remember to water them haha.
Thank you for posting this. It was honestly inspiring for me to read.
Thank you this is super inspiring! IWNDWYT 
Me too!! Sober twins!! I need to make a list like you did. It's good motivation to continue on this journey. IWNDWYT
Very inspiring!  IWNDWYT!!
You are amazing!!! Great job girl  
congrats! iwndwyt!
Congrats sobernaut  twin  
