-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zvn7m/day_5_im_getting_my_ass_kicked_today/

I just want to vent a little. I usually don't do this but I figured it may help. I know I have a great life a great girlfriend a best friend in my doga great job that's good paying a nice car a nice apartment to live in. But for some reason I can't shake the feeling of being a failure and extremely insecure and withdrawn from life. I've been extremely emotional and feel like breaking down at any second. I feel like I'm not good enough for my girlfriend or even my dog. I have no idea why. Anyways thanks for letting me vent a little here's to day 6! Good look to everybody out there push through the struggle we can do this! IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

I think a lot of what your experiencing is just the anxiety of those first few days. Your body is going through a lot detoxing they alcohol out of your system. Go easy on yourself. Let the thoughts come into your head and then pass out. Just because they are there doesn't mean you have to give them much attention. I know that the way I felt about myself at Day 5 was very different from day 25 75 etc. ..From what you describe you are far from a failure. But be comforted in that we all have those feelings from time to time (she says as her house is a mess &amp; 2 kids are asking  what are we going to do today??  &amp; she wants to hide under the covers  ). ..Your doing great keep it up! Iwndwyt 
I've been there Sasquatch.  It's not true.  Every day of my life moving forward proves it more.  These days and events stack up.  They offer overwhelming proof in moments of shame.  The moments of shame can't survive them long.  Those moments dissipate and get weaker as we grow our good life around us.  Hold strong friend.  You're ok.  **iwndwyt**
It's very normal to be emotionally fragile at this stage. I still am a bit after two weeks although I'm feeling tons better...Some of the emotional swings can be caused by the vitamin/nutrient deficiencies that alcohol causes. It's worth looking into!..Exercise is another great way to feel a little better
