-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8zwp68/help_at_wits_end_with_insomnia/

Need some encouragment or advice here. I have used Xanax the past couple years for sleeping and as needed. I quit almost 3 weeks ago in addition to quitting booze bc I no longer wanted to live in a haze. I am trying to be patient with my body adjusting to all these changes but I am really struggling without sleep. Anyone else have experience with this? 
----------immediate responses--------

I struggled with sleep too. My doctor gave me some Zopiclone and it helped. I found after a couple of months my sleep settled. I now more or less get a good night's sleep and wake early...The waking early is a bonus. Not being hungover means it's the most superproductive time!..Good luck and stay strong.
I keep reading that 100 days is a magic milestone :) I am half way there tomorrow. Thank you for the encouragement. It is frustrating to realize how disconnected and mentally slow I feel right now. I just need to be patient and continue to make good choices. IWNDWYT!
Luckily I got through the insomnia phase in rehab with the help of natural type sleep meds they handed out which were eventually weaned off with good old fashioned excercise and clean living.  I don't recall whatever they gave one of them was Calms Forte mixed with one other natural sleep supplement that really worked well.  Neither of them left me feeling fuzzy and had a very clean wake up.  Best suggestion i can give is to talk to your doctor about options.  The Calms Forte is over the counter and since rehab I always keep some handy for the odd occassion I get a snap of insomnia.
Yes it was a struggle for me. It got better after a few weeks. I continued to have spells of insomnia lasting a few days for the next couple of years but the gaps between them grew longer and in the last year I've only had two spells. It does get better. Try not to stress about it as it will make sleep more difficult.
Melatonin and CALM magnesium works for me..I started out on a low dose of melatonin and now take 9 mg a night.  Good luck.
