-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/901pqr/36_days_sober_and_struggling/

I have been a highly functional alcoholic drinking every day for over 20 years and 36 days ago I finally quit on my own. It has been a long process and once I made it past the physical withdrawals I found that the mental aspect of quitting is even harder. I am in the midst of a nasty divorce and have lost many people who I once thought were my friends. This has left me feeling very alone and depressed. It has also brought back many feelings from long ago that had been buried under the constant flow of beer and vodka. I know I need help. I feel like I have made it really far on my own but I don't have a clue what to do now and the urge to kill the pain is becoming overwhelming. Because of my job being in the public eye I don't want to attend local meetings. I know I need to talk to someone and desperately need some advice but I don't know where to get it. If you have any suggestions I really need them right now. Thank you 
----------immediate responses--------

Online meetings are a thing or you think a group dynamic will help. Meetings definitely helped me. Glad you're here. 
Regular exercise therapy and meditation have all been valuable tools for me in sobriety.
Welcome glad you are here! Just think of what that drink will do Hangover shame resentment The best thing I have found that reveled my desire to drink go get some ice cream or anything sweet. Go for a long walk think thing through no snap decisions. These are some thing that work for me I hope they help.   
[removed]
I've been reading 30 Day Sobriety Solution and it's been helping me so much.  It provides  action steps  and journal writing that you do each day.  Really makes you dig deep into the reasons we drink and how to change your thinking.  I look forward to reading it everyday.  Hope this helps! 
From one 36-dayer to another don't drink today. Do anything to take yr mind off it but don't drink! 
Many of us here read The Naked Mind and found it useful. I see a therapist weekly and they have helped me to develop healthier coping mechanisms. For me alcohol was an unhealthy way to deal with anxiety. She taught me to do healthier things instead like exercise (C25k app) meditate (headspace app) journal baths regular cheap ($30) massages guided relaxation (Michael sealey on YouTube and Spotify) distractions in the form of funny tv shows and podcasts (wait wait don't tell me wtf with Marc maron) getting out in nature. Non alcoholic drinks - na sparkling grape juice saved me. There are heaps of things to try. And yes I did ALL these things...For me drinking felt like a life or death decision so I was comfortable prioritising it over everything else. That helped too in the first few months...Best of luck sobernaut.
