-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/902lzm/im_so_goddamn_lost/

I have been trying to quit drinking for over the last year. I had one 7 month sober stretch and a bunch of shorter ones. Two months ago I started going to AA and got a sponsor. She was really fantastic and I met with her twice but when the time came to actually call her before I drank I didn't feel comfortable. It's not about her at all it's just me. I drank alone for years and I have terrible social anxiety. I feel so uncomfortable to open up to anyone about all of my problems. She is not a therapist. I had no idea what she is supposed to say to make anything better. So a week ago I relapsed and I have drank every single night since then. I know the road I am going down but it's so hard to stop. When I am sober I don't feel better. Sure my digestion gets better. My sleep is better. I have less fatigue and headaches. But I am miserable. My mental health issues rage full force (I have OCD). It seems like for the last decade I merely tried to get through the day and survive and now I feel so behind on life. I never started a career or learned to drive. I have no family or support system. I am unhappy with my appearance and every time I try to lose weight I start binge eating. I am so overwhelmed with every single aspect of myself. I have tried several antidepressants and they made me feel worse. I don't know what I am supposed to do from here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Reading this really helped me. Sounds crazy but I thought you should know. 
I also have OCD which was actually one of the reasons I started to drink. Alcohol helped to drop the anxiety but I made the experience that over the years both got worse OCD and my problem with alcohol. I'm only on day 6 of being sober but my OCD already became better maybe not the OCD itself but since my brain is clearer also the urge to check and double-check  became less. Social anxiety and general anxiety are worse though. I can't give any recommendation since I'm not sure for how longer I can resist the cravings but I wanted to answer to show you that you're not alone. 7 months sober is great it sounds unachievable to me. All I can promise you is that I will not drink with you today!
[removed]
Just don't give up. I don't have OCD I don't think but I do have little rituals in my every day life that I live by. If I miss one I have had to turn around and drive back home to make sure the front door was locked etc.. When my head is clear and sober I don't miss those and not remember doing things that would drive me nuts that I wasn't sure of did I double check the stove another. IWNDWYT.
Stopping alcohol does not automatically fix the things that drinking glossed over. Have you tried talking to a therapist?
Call your sponsor and tell them what you posted here.
Your sponsor is to help you work the steps..I don't hear you about those..You do realize that's the first question you'll get from a sponsor: "Did you work it?"...When you're tempted/have cravings/slipped she is the most natural person to call because of existing contact..But you can call any fellow...
Are you able to see a psychiatrist/psychologist? I know you said you have tried antidepressants but sometimes it requires trying out a few combinations unfortunately. It took me 6 months to get to the combo I'm on now and get my depression/anxiety/OCD stable. My OCD was a lot of compulsions when I was younger but is mostly obsessive (suicidal) thoughts for clarification. ..Putting myself into an outpatient program has been magical. For me it was free thanks to a wonderful program and the fact I live in an area rocked by the opiate crisis so we have good community outreach for all forms of addiction. It is a group setting like a small classroom where you are forced to share. It has helped me learn to talk to people more and build my sober support network. ..I'm sorry life has you feeling down I hope you can find what you need. I know it's easier said than done. It took a lot of relapses for me to get to a good spot. There is hope. For today I will not drink with you.
There's this saying  if you're alive there's a lot more right with you than there is wrong.  I can't remember where I heard that but it stuck with me and brings me a sense of peace and hope when I feel lost...New beginnings are possible and it's not too late. Everyone's journey in life is different and some of us face challenges every day that others will never have to deal with. ..I admire your courage and your resolve to want to change. I know what it's like to be afraid of your own body and mind; and to feel like they're working against you. I battle with depression and anxiety and sometimes it feels like I'm trapped. I have had some extreme lows in life when I just couldn't see a chance of living the life that I wanted. You have to take small steps to get there and sobriety is a huge one. It won't solve all of your problems but it will fuel your confidence to take on other difficult challenges...I wish you all the best and IWNDWYT. .
Hi. ..When I quit drinking my mental state got worse &amp; worse until I was suicidal. I had been sober for 6 months when I started seeing a counsellor - who I did step 5 with. I was also on a pharmaceutical cocktail.  You can see by my badge the amount of days have passed in relatively happiness since that six month period. ..My wife struggles with clinically diagnosed OCD - her main obsessions are contamination fears religious scrupulousness and abandonment. I noticed a gigantic difference after she attended Al-anon counselling and started to really buy in to the material presented in  Brain Lock - Scwartz ..So - what does all this mean?  If it were me I'd go tell my sponsor that I started drinking. Then I'd seriously consider rehab where you can have time and guidance to really see who you are and take stock of where you are at. ..Have a nice day. 
I know the feeling all too well. But imagine if you continue doing this for another decade and look back feeling the same way? If you start now you could be somewhere amazing in 1 year. I just lost my job 3 days ago because of alcohol and I never want to feel that way again. Try to write down all the good things that could come from being sober and use it as a reminder when you want to drink. Hope you feel better and get back on track. We're rooting for you!
