-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/904s2r/first_time_making_it_more_than_a_month/

And I feel great. It's not easy but I wanted to post as a sort of journal record. The days do pile up when you focus on one day at a time. I've definitely lost 3-4 pounds although I was already in good shape. My gym work outs are much better I'm playing a lot of competitive sports at the gym on top of my regular lifting. I have my first Tennis lesson tonight. I think this will be a new obsession. ..My wife is still drinking and bringing booze into the house but I never asked her not to. That is still a bit of a challenge. We've had some serious issues surrounding me quitting but I'm just trying to focus on myself for now. I'm continuing my counseling and it is really helping. My biggest mental struggle right now is coping with the fact that it took me until I was 40 to start figuring all of this out. I wasted so much money and put myself in a bad situation financially. It's going to take me a LONG time to dig out from that and to overcome the guilt and shame I feel about it. I'm sick about the fact that I wasted so many years drinking or being hung over. I'm trying to remain positive but it's really hard to get over. Thanks for all of your support SD!  Wouldn't be in this spot without everyone here. IWNDWYT.  
----------immediate responses--------

Well done hitting the month thats great   I keep telling myself that there is no future in the past gets me through the day. And I'll Be happy not to drink with your good self today  
Congrats on getting this far. Try and maintain positivity that's key. I've spent too many years and a lot of cash on drinking.  It would have been better to give up 10 years ago but I didn't because it wasn't on my radar then or I wasn't strong enough to do so. We've made the change now and the benefits will pay off in the future. We can't change the past so I don't focus on it and have no regrets. ..Coulda Shoulda Woulda don't worry about it We Are. ..Stay strong. Keep up the good work. 
[removed]
Well done best thing is that u are starting to climb out of the hole...It takes time and energy but it gets better. I am the same age and dug myself into a financial mess too- big time but it is slowly getting better and every day I say no to the poison is a great day!..Stay strong brother !!!!
Just remember that current you is not past you. You're already a different person and you've learned from your past fuck ups. Focusing on who I am today rather than who I used to be months ago really helps me with coping with the guilt drinking has gifted me.
Congratulations on 32 days! Well done...I'm in my late 50's and I really wish I would have quit drinking when I was 40. (I'm only 5 days in.)  You've got a long happy life ahead...Best of luck on your continued recovery.
Hang in there! Better to do it now than when you're 50 you have plenty of life left to live sober and seize the day - I will not drink with you today!
Sounds amazing congrats!
congratulations!  we are totally in the same boat.  this is my first time to go more than 30 days without a drink since 1998.  I didn't realize it until I read your post.  Thanks!  We can do this!
It's a big deal you've gotten this far. You'll get through the guilt shame and recriminations. Owning it is part of the plan. From my perspective you're young and have great thing ahead for many years. And one day at a time is the way to go - it's how I did it. ..Good luck!
I'm 40 as well and have 21 days today. I know just how you feel..The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago the second best time is now.
I know it's hard but don't be ashamed. You're doing a great thing for yourself and you'll find most people will be very supportive and proud of you. I felt the same my first few months I was so embarrassed. But now I embrace it. My coworkers are very supportive and most people are impressed. ..If you haven't consider looking up a local AA meeting or two. I'm not a huge fan of the 12 steps but I do enjoy the people and social aspect of it. I've made some great friends and it really helps to have people who are going through the same thing there to support you. I've met people that I know I could call day or night 24/7 and they would be there in an instant to help if I needed it. Even those I'm not close to would be there. As I said I don't subscribe to the program necessarily but I still go to meetings just so I can be around the people. 
Hey man good job seriously. It is not an easy thing to do. Three weeks has been my longest streak so far in life and that time was spent full of obsession about alcohol. I wish you continued strength wisdom and courage. Well done friend. 
Nicely done! Keep it up!
Great for you!!  I got a kick of of took until you were 40 I wish I'd done it when I was 40.  
Hey it took me until 61 to figure it out. You are terrific in my book. IWNDWYT 
My longest streak in 2017 was 32 days. I was excited to hit that milestone this time around and break my record. ..My boyfriend still drinks and brings beer into the house quite a bit. It bothered me a lot in the early months but lately not so much. I just feel bad for him still being stuck in the trap and believing the lie that alcohol=happiness. ..Don't beat yourself up about the past. I know it's hard. I'm 45 and though I had some long streaks in my life where I didn't drink daily and more or less kept my health and my life together The Demon was there all along waiting for every moment of weakness and then shortly after I turned 40 I basically gave The Demon the keys to my life and let him take over. I've got a large and impressive mental hall of shame believe me. But as time goes on I'm finding it easier and easier to ignore it and stay focused on the present and the future. I hope you can do the same. Good luck Peaky. 
