-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/905c0w/in_a_dark_place/

So I managed 30+ days but fell off the wagon and can't seem to get my shit together again. I'm back to two or three bottles of wine a night and am feeling bleak about pretty much everything. Once again I'm using alcohol as an escape mechanism (and if I'm honest a slow way to kill myself) and am struggling for reasons to stop. But I have to try I guess. So tonight I start fresh.
----------immediate responses--------

A fresh new start.  Welcome back. IWNDWYT.
There's probably an AA meeting near you...I got sober in AA and it was much easier than doing it on my own.
Glad you're back. I won't drink with you tonight so you don't have to go it alone!
I had trouble figuring out a  why  but then I realized that I wanted to be able to have a good life without feeling like I needed alcohol.   It doesn't seem like much but I clung to that for the first few weeks and it helped me power through some tempting situations.  I think even a small  why  gives us something to hold onto during the dark times.  
Good for you for giving it another shot it may take quite a few restarts but you'll get there. I know how you feel on my last bender I was drinking 18+ drinks a day and it affects and warps your perception of reality. I thought people treated me lowly or differently and it's probably because they knew I was drunk and I wasn't aware of how I was acting. I got bummed out I was spending so much money on alcohol but I didn't care enough to stopped. In fact I didn't care at all about anything other than finding my next drink. I found myself doing incredibly risky behavior like driving drunk forgetting where I was in public. I reached a point where finally I was like "If this is how I go I guess this is how I go" and kept drinking. I wasn't going to off myself but I sure as hell didn't care if it happened while I was drinking. I pulled through though after one day I woke up and there was no alcohol and no way to get it and I started withdrawaling and through those withdrawals I started realizing what was happening to me and I made a commitment to stop. Anyway not to steal your thunder I just wanted to share a bit about myself so you knew you weren't alone. I hope you feel better bud try to do things that keep you positive I will not drink with you today!
aa worked for me. i fall otherwise. now im happier than ive ever been with the help of AA. do it
