-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/905l12/im_a_drug_addict/

Have become addicted to a drug twice in my life both time in a perfectly legal way...The first and by far the worst was my addiction to nicotine. For years I could take it or leave it with cigarettes  smoke a bit for a while and just put it aside at will no problem. But then when I apparently wasn't looking something went horribly wrong. I tried to quit and found that I couldn't...It took me seven years of struggles to quit taper off didn't work All manner of efforts a making it more difficult like smoking roll your owns failed. I got so good at rolling a smoke that I could find myself with half a cigarette smoldering in my hand and not remember rolling it. What did finally work was the ultimate in Cold Turkey...I quit in the middle of a Camel Straight in the middle of a pack in the middle of the day and kept that pack in my pocket until I got home (my employees made me go home) and left it on my dresser for a month...I took to overdosing Vitamin C which the body just pees away resulting in acidification of my urine stream and quicker removal of the alkaloid drug from my system. The withdrawals were horrid! I adopted the Heroin addict slang of having "A Monkey on my back" that God awful Monkey became my "Higher Power."..Here's the deal He said "I'm going to give you a great thorough ass whuppin' and when I'm done I'll give my certain assurance that I'll be back for another round of the treatment if you ever go fooling around with tobacco again Got it stupid?" It's been a "No thanks." for over thirty-five years now but I'm certain The Monkey is prepared to keep up his end of the deal...Decades later I had a legit prescription from my doctor for Ritalin to help with my ADHD. Studies came up that there were cardiac risks in the stuff so my prescription lapsed and I went through withdrawals from that stuff. 3 days of misery and self-doubt an I was clean and free of that round of addiction. I'll never go fooling around with psychostimulants again. The few times I tried methamphetamine I found the stuff terrifying it just felt *too good* like the stuff you could throw your life away with. Many have not me...Of course the real subject here is alcohol and whether or not I'm addicted to alcohol. In my experience with two other drugs the defining thing about addiction is withdrawal. I went from piss drunk every evening for months at a time to zero alcohol overnight and *nothing happened!* I experienced none *at all* of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal so graphically described here. I take all of this two ways...I'm not addicted to alcohol. Can I take that to mean that I'm not an alcoholic?..The other one is that I know for certain that I am a person capable of becoming addicted to alcohol I'm just not yet...A major change in my conduct and my point of view concerning drinking happened 48 days ago. I've got no punitive Monkey to help out with this one I'll just have to do it on my own..
----------immediate responses--------

There are lots of reasons to stop drinking even if you're not addicted. You just need to be clear with yourself that you're motivated not to drink for whatever personal reasons.
I can't speak for you but I have never experienced one physical withdrawal from alcohol or any drug but I am addictive to it because I crave it and drank it endlessly even though it was ruining my life 
I felt like crap for a few days after quitting-cold-like symptoms/crying/exhaustion mixed with insomnia but I didn't seize and I didn't hallucinate (that I'm aware of) and I didn't get the shakes.  Doesn't mean booze wouldn't have cause pancreatic or liver issues.  Or the life issues it really caused.   I was in fact very lucky.  Also.  Alcoholism is a sneaky bastard - just like what happened with smoking there the way suddenly one day it was just hard to quit.  Just saying.  We here probably know all the stories we tell ourselves that make drinking ok when it isn't.  Welcome to SD.  I read around for a while when I got here at first.  The Saturday Shares archives of members past.. their stories.  It's good stuff food for thought.  It's nice to meet you... Have a good one out there iwndwyt.  
I didn't have any withdrawal symptoms any of the times I quit drinking either. Never have but I am sure as hell addicted. There's still a monkey on my back but he's not a thug who beats me when I drink he's an insidious little shit who keeps trying to trick me into drinking again by reminding me of all the good times I had while drinking and how I've been sober a while I must be able to moderate now.
