-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/907dr8/here_we_go/

Hey all ..Long time lurker just checking in and saying hello. I've been increasingly struggling with this thing for around 10 years (now 28 y/o) and it's time to stop..Over this time I've lost opportunities broken relationships - both romantic and friendly lost family members to the drink said and done things I deeply regret..the stuff I'm sure most relate to...At the moment my financial situation is a bit dire but that's never seemed to stop me in the past so I'm not sure what's different for me this time round. Something has kind of clicked in my head in a way it hasn't before and I feel relatively positive about things this time hence making an account and introducing myself...My brother is rocking over two years sober right now and to be honest that's a big deal if he can do it I'm sure I can at least give it a good go...It's early days but already I'm starting to see some differences in myself - Sleep is starting to improve I feel a little less brain fog (though still not 100% connected)..I started drinking regularly halfway through my teens so I don't expect miracles but it's nice to feel different already!..One thing I've noticed since stopping is I've started clenching my jaw muscles or slightly grinding my teeth subconsciously when under work related pressure or I wake up like it bit weird that - Anyone else ?..Thanks for reading I hope you're well &amp; I hope you have/have had a brilliant day IWNDWYT...- Lion  
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Welcome Lion! I'm from the UK too :) I'm on day 12 and it does slowly seem to be getting easier. Weekends are a big trigger for me so I am trying my best to keep myself busy with activities and friends...It's a great community here and it's so helpful hope you enjoy it as much as I do! ..
Day 12 is weird! I can feel benefits but I'm eating way too much chocolate :/..I've been to 30 days before... Twice. This time just feels different though. Yeah I can see how a stressful job would be a huge trigger. I am definitely more craving a drink if work has been stressful (I work an office job)...
You're having a sugar low because you stopped drinking it's not just the absence of alcohol your body is reacting to. 
One step at a time! ;) 
Great job making the decision to stop best decision you will ever make. Have you checked out any meetings? 
