-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90ab84/dear_sober_alcoholics_who_arent_full_of_energy/

...guess what? ..It's okay!..Because I'm still lazy anxiety-ridden depressed struggling to get my ass up in the morning (never been a morning person) and don't have time to hit the gym... But I'm sober!!! And THAT is awesome. ..Baby steps everyone! And a reminder to cut yourself some slack. ..Much love today sobernauts. IWNDWYT!..
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks pal *closes eyes for nap*
Thanks... needed to hear that! I feel guilty I've been in bed all day but hey! IWNDWYT 
Needed this. My sleep has been way out of whack. Got some meds for it and ran out. Scared to even apply for work in case i get a job and then fuck it up.
thank you so much... I have summer vacation now and I cannot drag my ass to bed in the evening I stay up late and sleep untill 13pm... I kinda feel torn because on one side in want to do kick ass things and on the other side well i like to stay up late and watch Netflix you know.....so I stay sober and I have to accept that I can and have the right to do these kinda things in my vacation. and don't have to feel guilty abouty habits... 
Yeah a few friends have told me things like this. Don't worry about changing anything but your alcohol consumption. If what you need to do to avoid drinking is to drink soda do that. You can always worry about diet and lifestyle later. One thing at a time just like one day at a time.
I DEFINITELY needed to hear this today... my week has consisted of television bed junk food and water... lots of water! Which is better than alcohol! Thank you for this post. IWNDWYT   
I've been napping after work lately. It's 6:44 p.m. and I'm drinking coffee. I'm overdue to have gone to the gym a few times already this week. :/ Feel like I should chill...
I didn't leave the apartment today - so thanks mate :) 
The bipolar meds I'm on make me want to sleep like a mofo but somehow I'm still getting the important stuff done. It's also really is important for me to not beat myself up when you need some rest. Being sober can be hard so I deserve every nap.
Duuude I wish I had morning energy. Maybe I should get a checkup.
I'm a leisure camper now in my spare time. I don't hike or bike or paddle or anything like that but I do get to see some great scenery and love being away from the buzz of the small city.
Oh thank god. I think I did more while I was drinking because of the merciless drive of anxiety. But I like this me better anyways. Happier and slower. 
Go to gym. Sit in sauna. Repeat next day. Before you know it you will be squatting and deadlifting. 
Set your day counter homie 
Haha made me laugh. I've gone sober for 8 months on one occasion and over a year on another and I never really became a ball of energy. However mental clarity was off the charts after a few months.
Trying to fight the heat in West TN this summer has definitely left me with no energy. At least I still have the energy to not drink with you fine folks today!
Needed this reminder. ..I may be sober but I'm still a lazy POS somedays.
Make sure you see a doctor!  All that poison consumption could have been masking other health problems...Also just revel in the fact that you're consuming 600-2000 fewer empty calories per day.
Wonderful!!!.&lt;Returns to book I'm reading for pure enjoyment. Sips milky tea.&gt;
The big step is stopping. We can take some baby steps from here haha.
I was like that for my first 2 years then something just kinda changed and I got way more active. But the important part is staying sober.
This is meeeeeee! I'm cutting myself slack until I've been sober a month (which is Saturday) then I am going to introduce one little change. Like get up 15 min earlier than normal or do 10 min of yoga at least 3 days a week. Too much change at once doesn't agree with me and I get overwhelmed. 
Shout out to all my brothers and sisters who gained weight in sobriety       
I eat healthier because salad kits are great. But I hate waking up walk 4 miles already as a pedestrian and when I come home I crash on the couch with my cat. But sober!
On some real shit I'm hella lazy about all that but like you said.... I'm still sober today and that's all that matters to me.  Good post thanks for being here. 
As long as you don't drink EVERY DAY nothing else matters. Some days I do absolutely nothing except not drink. Waaaaaaaay better than what I was doing! Good luck!
Everyone has time to hit the gym but point taken.
I fell asleep reading this due to lack of energy. Haha but really keep it up buddy.
Sometimes all that matters is that you're trying to make your life better.  It felt like it was very difficult at first but its worth it.
Yup yup yup..Feel like shit lately and mega depressed. Keep gaining weight. It's better sober tho 
How dare you co-sign my laziness haha!
I am having a staycation this week. Reading your post made me feel less guilty for the time spent playing Hearthstone.  IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
Thank you!!
I needed to hear this. I don't have a pink cloud... just less hungover. But it's still a positive step and IWNDWYT 
Hah great!  I see so many posts like "I quit drinking two weeks ago and now I'm a morning person solved the Israel/Palestinian conflict and lost 100lbs!"  It's like yeah great.  ..I'm like uhh I actually took a shower today and haven't punched anyone or even anything... yet!   
Yes! And to add not all of us suddenly drop 20 pounds. I was opposite: when I stopped drinking I first when through a sugar binge and then once I became healthy and got my appetite back I really enjoyed food! It took over a year to lose the weight I'd *gained* from stopping drinking and that's okay too!! 
I eat like crap always have. I don't "workout" though I do work a pretty physical job which helps. I wake up early according to work not because its a habit I enjoy...However my worst sober days are 100 times better than my best drunk/hungover ones. And I get shit done... when I'm on a binge I don't do laundry. Don't clean the house. Only maintain my appearance enough to not look like a homeless man when I leave the house for more booze. When I'm sober my sink is free of dishes and clean. My laundry hamper is empty my clothes folded or hung. I'm shaven I'm dressing like I give a shit...I don't need to be an athlete when sober. I just need to be sober.
After a few months of sobriety I was pretty miserable and low-energy. I had my self checked out and I was diagnosed with a major depressive disorder. After taking antidepressants my life improved massively; I felt motivated energetic and not even a little anxious. YMMV with antidepressants of course but don't rule them out.
You are my kind of people :) IWNDWYT!.
Praise be and THANK YOU FOR THIS. I am still nowhere near feeling like exercising in any way (I've never ever been a sports gal or gym person NONE of that I absolutely *hate* most forms of exercise. I'm an artsy drama geek) and I feel like crap about it and like there must be something wrong with me as by 203 days sober I should be at *least* walking more or whatever. It's like it's my last stubborn holdout or something which makes zero sense but neither does downing handles of Tito's...I needed this today and lots of yesterdays too. Thank you so much. &lt;3 
Want more energy? Exercise. Seriously...Start slow don't kill yourself. Walk ride a bike lift weights. With Planet Fitness being $10.00 a month there's no excuse to not go to a gym. ..You'll see a difference in 2 to 3 weeks. Rather you'll FEEL a difference in your energy levels in 2 to 3 weeks. It'll even help depression and anxiety although depression carries with it a huge amount of inertia that you'll have to power through initially. 
I felt terrible the first few months much worse than when I was drinking. Going to bed at 4 am and waking up 11 am exhausted all the time morbidly depressed. Now I wake up at 7am workout for an hour a day and eat healthy. I think the body needs time to rest and recover after alcoholism. ..Though I think in my case I extended the healing process and made it harder on myself by eating a bad diet that's just more that my body had to recover from and it made my depression worse. So I'm not saying don't try to take care of yourself as much as you can but these things take time. No rush.
Some days I think I am sober because I hit the gym haha.  However I sure do love my naps.
Thank you. While I'm loving so many of the positives of not drinking I've been disappointed by the fact that I've gained weight since I stopped . I guess I need to be patient and controlling the food intake will come... 
What's weird for me is that I was hitting the gym eating healthy full of energy waking up early (not everyday) for most of the last year. I went on two benders one in April for a few days and one in July for about a week...I still consider the last year of my life an overall success with a few obstacles. Overall the trajectory is still moving up. This time around I am going to try something different than the last time. ..Post here more and ask for help more. Go to different AA meetings find a sponsor who is less like a friend and more like a mentor listen to speaker tapes regularly before I go to bed. Really 'clean house' as thoroughly as I possibly can. 
Stop drinking first!..You see the opposite of this in treatment a lot. A week into it and people are eating salads exclusively and complain about having too many carbs. Somebody who hasn't walked a mile in 10 years is running 2 miles twice a day. No weights to toss around and they are making dumbbells out of tide bottles. Cigarettes go out the door. Coffee is weaned. And suddenly there is talk of becoming a Yogi. ..Take it slow people. Change should come slowly you are fragile. 
Heck yeah!  That IS awesome. YOU are awesome :)..I find that some days/weeks I'm full of energy and others...not so much. Guess I'm still human [shrugs shoulders] .
Brilliant..The freedoms we all get from not drinking..I can either be busyor not..Lovely.
Literally me :/ which is funny cause my latest drinking stint stopped me from going to the gym.
Just hit 3 years and started doing some of this stuff.. Not even all of it! (fuck the gym I'd rather just walk 45 minutes a night and eat well). It takes time to learn new habits. 
Thank you for this... I have to live one day at a time or else I get in my head about why haven't done THAT or THIS yet. .My goals are make sure I get enough rest and take care of the basics. Like show up to work. Walk my dog. Wash laundry. Get the MAIL! - this one is soooooo difficult for me. ..These seemingly mundane tasks are the form of self care that I can manage right now. 
I So needed this today. I'm one of those probably-irritating-ultra-peppy sobers as of 11 days ago (premature celebration much?) but today I'm sad as hell. No energy. My allergies are insane. And I'm actually managing to consume more food calories than I was alcohol. I take midday naps and have headaches at night..I talk a big game to keep myself positive and I plan to continue that. But it's nice to see everyone else acknowledging that sometimes it just sucks. .IWNDWYT
I agree with this but for me boredom is a huge trigger. If I'm not consumed with something after work I want to grab a 6er.
Exactly what I needed to hear today! I've been feeling pretty down on myself for not being ultra motivated and accomplished at 6 months into my sobriety... I'm glad to see that I'm not alone on this baby step train.
Thank you lol
What about those who are both? That is definitely me. 
*Does the slow clap that gets more vigorous then stands up* This post made my day! Biggest accomplishment in my sober infancy (50 days yo!) is that my brain has settled down enough to read and somewhat retain stuff. 
My people are posting!
Thank you. I know the feeling. I'm still lazy and don't want to get up in the morning. And going outside? No thanks I'll watch movies and play games instead. 
I actually really needed to read that today. Thank you. Just thank you.
Ya getting sober didn't solve my problems. But it certainly freed up my mind to work on them...I'll get better each day in learning new techniques to have a better life.
Whoop whoop welcome to reality.! It's real easy to talk about what we should or could be doin.! The hard part is doin it.! We either be Angry that rose Bush's got thorns or we become grateful that thorn bushes have Roses.! So I say this I must stop finding excuses for why I can't and start finding reasons i can.! Recovery is great.! Once I learn how to be sober then I learn how to become Happy while sober.! First I get sober because it's a must then I stay sober because I learn to enjoy the blessings that come along with it.! Look me up on YouTube for daily prayer meditation and more.! 11-19-12 sober date.! Chrishopper#soberlife
I once heard that the point is not to make yourself greater than you currently are but to remove all the bullshit that keeps covering up how great you currently are. 
Thanks for this.  It's nice to know I'm not the only one lol.  I quit caffeine at about the same time I quit alcohol and I'm still so incredibly tired all the time.  It's all I can do to stay up past ten and I've started waking in the middle of the night for no reason at all.  ..But I'm sober!
Thx
This definitely. There are days where all I can say is  well I didn't drink. So that's something. 
Thanks for this :) 
I still have an extreme fondest for fried foods big disgusting pizzeria sandwiches hours spent playing video games. I have a hard time building repetition with my old yoga practice or gymnastics or tai chi. I'm right there with you and with everybody else...I haven't had a drink today yesterday or hundreds of days before that and for every other setback I feel my anxieties my sadness my fear my anger and the ways I try to escape from them before I can rally enough to engage and process them they aren't alcohol anymore; that's my win today...Let's take it one day at a time neighbors. Sometimes it's one hour or one minute for me. This week I'm excited that I'm managing to break some hoarding habits before my new roommate moves all of her furniture and other things in and I'm discarding sorting and consolidating better than I ever have before. Even if there are still some things in this house at the end of this month that I haven't handled or used last year I'm proud of every scrap of paper or old turkey bone that I have allowed to move on out of my hands. I am not carrying those anymore and IWNDWYT! &lt;3
Every time I drink a milkshake I tell myself  at least it's not booze. 
Thank you! I find it harder to come on here and read about how everyone has become Grandma Moses lost 40 pounds and made their lives almost perfect in a year than to read about serious questions and fuck ups.
Thanks for that. I'm trying to do the right things today probably for a couple of reasons. One is I know what will eventually put me in a better position to find lasting peace. The second reason I'm trying to do the right thing today is because I'm swimming in shame for the things I've done. I've been a real POS. But I'm going to bed right now a sober POS.
And remember some of us drank till we were numb and haven't really felt anything in a while. Really starting to actively feel again can be a roller coaster. If you need to lean into that feeling for a bit go for it. Maybe just do one simple thing a day. Brush your teeth and wash your face. Unload the dishwasher. Do just one load of laundry. Even one small thing a day helps me on my  lay in bed all day  days. 
Dude I love this post. Progress not perfection. I'm just about 18 months sober and finally have a solid exercise routine (took a year) and am making slow progress on some of the other stuff. One thing I know is it is better than constantly fucking others and myself over. My life is far from perfect but it's not a complete mess either. 
I don't know what it is but it is so much harder for me to get up in the morning sober vs hungover. Obviously it is much better later on. I assume it is because of the shit sleep you get when drunk vs the good sleep you get sober.
I just started going to the gym and lifting weights recently today I wanted to drink beer after my workout but honestly I was so worn out the thought made me feel sick. Maybe this can be my way to cut back my drinking.
May be all those things but we ain't hungover.
Exactly this! I struggle with anxiety and depression I work too much I'm burnt out. But I'm sober. So it makes it easier to deal with. Not easy. But not on hard mode which is if I was drinking.
After being in crippling depression and drinking until I was sick everyday I finally cut cold turkey. I've been going to the gym every single day and on a strict diet. I've lost 5lbs in 2 weeks and never felt better! I haven't been drunk since I started working out. You gotta replace it with a healthy habit.
Amen! I didn't leave the house today but at least I cleaned some of it!
I never beat myself up over anything anymore. The day I quit I got a free pass to do whatever I want as long as I don't drink. It was the best arrangement I could come up for my irrational addicted brain. Funny thing is is that Im actually motivated now to get shit down. 
Definitely how I've been feeling lately. Cheers to all the depressed sober people     
Thank you for this. I haven't 100% stopped drinking entirely but I've cut back a LOT. I have a lot of anxiety about living a "sober person's lifestyle" which I interpret as being totally awesome all the time always. Thank you for giving some perspective on what the journey is like at your own ( a way more realistic) pace. 
Great post. This is pretty much why I relapsed after six months but almost three years now! 
I'm eating SO MUCH MORE SUGAR than before but it's not in the form of alcohol so I'm cutting myself a break! Seriously like constant sugar...it's a lot...I can work on that later once I get the hang of sobriety right? IWNDWYT! Thanks for the post  
Yeah my depression is so bad that I'm still trying to get that managed before I develop the cure for cancer.   Maybe next week.
Def have gained weight since being sober but I haven't made any super harmful moves
Once you get sober it's like you can finally join the marathon that is life so you fucking sprint to the finish after awhile you realize there is no finish. ..Pink cloud! . .I've recently hit a wall I can't find the motivation to do anything because I know the work never fucking ends. I grinded hard for a year straight and I'm burnt. ..Even though I enjoy the work right now I enjoy sitting on my ass watching Star Trek eating take out just a tad bit more! 
Thanks for this     
Love this post. Thank you!
Hahah one step at time. I've been sober almost three months (weird saying that). And 38 hours ago I started a water fast. I figure I owe it to my body (especially liver) to detox like I've never detoxed before. I gained a bunch of weight when I quit drinking but went into ketosis so now I'm just blabbing. 
Progress not perfection. 
THANK YOU. I've been thinking about making a post about how I'm still inconsistent anxious and depressive but now I'm all of those things without a making new friends Rosetta Stone - I don't go outside and I don't really want to go outside nor do I really want to drink to get those things back but it makes it harder and lonelier and weirder to be a person. Many many less regrets though - I'm quietly becoming more accountable and realizing that half of my disaster drunksona was me trying to overcompensate for all of the emotional needs and expectations other people have that I don't have what it takes to fill and that's also why becoming a hermit is not the worst thing that could happen to me at all. Tangent. Anyway not everyone lost 100 pounds and reconnected with a lost passion but we are all still becoming better versions of ourselves.
i love sleeping in till 11am still and im 8 months sober. not lazy. just recovering :)
I'm a lot better than I was when I was drinking. Yeah I still am lazy anxiety-ridden and have trouble getting up in the morning and never really exercise...  .  .But at least I can actually string coherent thoughts together I remember the time I spend doing things and when I wake up I don't feel ill. 
   
Thanks. I'm on day 4. First 3 days I've had Chinese takeaways to treat myself and take my mind off the drink....I actually took up smoking out of boredom the last time I took a mo th off drinking so trying to avoid stupidity like that. 
Aye good advice here. The amount of diet coke I drank when I quit was staggering. Tried not to beat myself up over it! 
I'm so glad to come accross this! sometimes I think I should just start drinking cause either way I'm a piece of shit lol :(  dealing with emotions sober rather than bottling them down is tough.. it's been a learning experience with myself.
Hell yeah! Personally I've found that certainly in the early days of abstinence doing as little as possible really help me. If I try to do a million chores every time I finished one I felt like 'my work here is done I've earned a beer' and had to force myself onto the next chore.  ...However being a lazy SOB was the opposite I just immerse myself in a box set or a PC game for hours on end every free waking moment. Never even think about drinking at all all night.  ...But the problem is that can't be sustained. The chores still need done be they household or health related. But in those early days just do whatever it takes. If the gym helps work out. If pizza 3 meals a day helps eat it. If sleeping 15 hours out of 24 helps.... you get the picture.  ...You only know it in yourself and you are the only one who truly understands how big a win it is to be sitting unwashed surrounded by the detritus of junk food dust bunnies dirty dishes and unmade beds but SOBER!  ...Do whatever it takes guys and gals!..IWNDWYT!
Go for long time vision nothing wrong with being yourself! Step by step one improvement at a time has been my Moto since I am sober...Enjoy soberness!
Thank you for this post. Coming here I usually feel like I'm the only one that's lazy and miserable.
I'm super annoying I recently went vegan if you think people start acting weird when you stop drinking.....By the way gyms are a con just buy a bike. I'm a lot fitter and healthier so I enjoy being bone idle a lot more. There's a lot more hours in the day so you can afford to be a couch potato for some of them.
Just described my sobriety lol.
We all have our own path to walk. The important thing is that we keep taking steps in the right direction &lt;3 IWNDWYT
This made me laugh my ass off. I wake up early but yeah.... totally on board with this. 
Thanks for this. First few days sober make me feel like I can do anything but always end up in old routines only sober. Great to see others who are the same. 
I can definitely relate to this! 
ill just comment and say that while I am hitting the gym now and all... my first 5 years were a nightmare.  It took a long time for me to get my shit together enough to where I could function in society in the same way that others do!  ..It was part of getting sober at 16
This post really made me feel better. Thanks OP
My sleep habits have certainly changed. Up early &amp; bed early now. I am still a bit lethargic &amp;/or lazy but at least now I do get something done most days. B/4 it was work drink pass out &amp; repeat. Now I come here almost every day try to work in garden some be present for my mom go to meeting a few days a week etc. I still have days when I basically do nothing but I am getting better at being active. Baby steps I guess. Clarity of mind is probably the biggest upside at this point. I had isolated &amp; lied about my alcohol consumption for so long that now it takes action for anyone to see/believe that I am serious about this sobriety thing. I will NOT drink with you today!   Peace
My life not drinking is like my life drinking except I don't occasionally vomit in other peoples' houses.  ...I very rarely leave the house or socialise at all. But when I do no ambulances!
100% agree with you OP.  It's all ok!  There is no winning in life just doing your best to fix things as you go...I flossed a couple days ago I've got that going for me!
Thank you so much for this. I've been beating myself up for not being better about self-care and healthy habits but not drinking is about all I can handle right now.
Showering at night and getting my stuff ready for the morning has been a total game changer...Alarm still goes off at the sale time but I get to lay in bed and wake up slowly until 15 min before I have to leave the house...I pretty much love mornings now because they all feel like Saturday...Does require going to bed on time...But bonus!!!  My body sees shower time as a cue to get very very sleepy now.
thank you for this :) 
Yeah thanks for this. In early sobriety it can be Alternatively motivating and disheartening. 
Not plain sailing for me really either I've battled an addiction to Benadryl/Nytol/diphenhydramine whilst struggling with sleeping and I've also been on and off antidepressants. Not drinking on it's on is MASSIVE but not everything obviously. .
Congrats on your sobriety. I have been dealing with the same mental health issues as well and have been disappointed that they haven't gone away (although subsided) Bri g sober...That said and saying this as the most loving internet stranger possible...Exercise is the final  - I work 55 hours a week. I work out 5 days a week..It is possible to make time for it if it is important to you. My suggestion is to make time. ..IWNDWYT!
I did a half-day at work two days ago. Got home and ate an entire pepperoni pizza a few chocolate chip cookies beat a PC game and watched the new blade runner right after. Complete sober laziness. In the zone!!
I still press snooze 5 times space out on Reddit drinking coffee all morning and certainly no gym.  But I'm not hungover and I don't have the anxiety to check social media for late night mistakes.  And my bank account appreciates sobriety as well.  Take recovery at your own pace!
Thanks we needed this post. Haven't drank yet today don't plan to!
Well said We're just not drinking. A lot of my sober periods have ended for various reasons not the least being because after 2-3 months I realize that somehow all of my problems aren't because of drinking. ..I'm also involved in the vegan running and mindfulness communities around the internet. These are all things that are billed by some people as magic solutions to all of our problems. Nope they're tools. They can help a lot not solve everything...Still not drinking exercising eating better paying attention to yourself: they're not bad things in the pursuit of bettering yourself. They're tools not solutions.
Yeah. I was totally feeling that when I stopped guzzling 2 to 3 bottles of wine nightly that I would start losing weight and have tons of energy. It hasn't happened yet.  It's been a month Sunday. Still waiting for at least a pound to come off. Ugh!  I feel better I'm just not as  spry  as I thought I would be after reading so many articles and posts on stopping drinking. At least I know I'm not alone in this struggle.  
I now feel better about getting up at noon.
#1 priority is staying sober everything else can wait.  IWNDWYT!
For REAL! Also and this is something I preach in our beginners' meeting: I have never met an alcoholic who in their first couple months quit smoking went raw vegan hit gym four times a week started running before work stopped jerking off switched from coffee to green tea and swore off sugar who STAYED SOBER. I know a bunch of alcoholics who tried to check every "healthy^1" box at once and were in and out for a while. I know a ton who made it by smoking like chimneys and eating everything in site but putting in that step work. And they eventually made the other lifestyle changes that are good and rad and let them live their best lives. In my personal and observed experience putting sobriety first is the key to getting anywhere...1. Also I have a whole thing about foods and even general behaviors getting bucketed into "healthy" and "unhealthy." as a blanket assertion but that's not a thing for here and now. I don't mean to suggest that anything in that breathless list is better than anything not in that list.
You guys are awesome! Everyone here is so supportive. I found myself starting to go overboard with drinking being that I work behind a bar and seems everyone around me just enjoys drinking in their spare time. My father was an alcoholic so I'm always very paranoid about my consumption. Now I'm not afraid to just tell people   nah I don't need a drink soda water and lime please! 
why is it awesome tho? 
As I eat another cupcake and snuggle deeper in the blankets I'm gonna raise my sprinkle covered fist and salute you on this one. ..I won't be drinking today but I won't be doing a whole.lot else either  and I'm okay with that!
Needed this little boost today! Thank you for the positivity. I'm tearing up a little
Thank you! When I was in rehab I told myself okay you're going to do all these things to get out of your comfort zone. Well that's not what happened.  I feel envious of these other people who get sober and do all these great things. I hope someday I'll get there. For as long as I don't pick up a drink I know anything is possible. As I'm sitting here writing this waiting for my oil change to finish up (been two hour and a half hours now...) I am filled with anxiety. My plan was try something new today and I'm going to give disc golf a try. I've always wanted to play but too nervous to actually go out and do it. Does anyone have any advice on getting the confidence to just do it? People say  Just throw yourself out there and do it!  There's part of me that agrees. All I have to do is go. How hard is that?! And the other part of me is freaking the hell out. 
Thank you for this.  I'm still a wreck but I'm a sober wreck and that will just have to suffice.  I will not go to the gym with you today...  ; )
Thank you. Im taking all the right steps but I'm not full of energy and I'm still an anxiety ridden sobbing mess most days. I still feel just as worthless as I did before I can just remember it all now...In any case good luck. Iwndwyt.
I'm doing a whole lot of nothing today :)  Needed a break from the hustle and am just glad to be sober. IWNDWYT 
I like this post.  Sobering up doesny fix your life if it did I feel like a lot less of us would have sribking problems.
I did my 90 in 90 at the diner. After the meeting of course but still. 
This was really enlightening for me to read. I tried kicking the booze back in March and I lasted almost two months. Don't get me wrong I'm proud of that time. But I think I was too unfocused in what I was doing. I was like "I'm going to the gym! I'm going to pursue all my hobbies! I'm going to invest in personal projects! I'm going to cook more often for myself and eat clean!" It was all too much. As soon as I couldn't do all of that I felt like shit. I lost focus. I started drinking again. Definitely something for me to think about as I embark on my new sobriety journey. 
Same here since I became sober other aspects of my life haven't been great. My career has taken a nosedive my health is not so good either and I'm still not a morning person..However if I was still drinking I would be using this as an excuse to continue comforting myself in a haze of alcohol spending money I can't afford to waste on beer and whiskey...It's made me realize that not drinking for a lot of us is not the magic ticket to happiness but it eliminates a part of our lives that does have a destructive effect on us and those around us. ..I'm probably going to have a crappy day today but I can deal with it with a clear head and who knows maybe something nice will happen that I would have missed out on if I was sitting on a bar stool.
It's been 2 weeks for me since I drank last. I don't really crave alcohol or have a strong desire to drink but I feel my depression and anxiety creeping back day by day. I'd usually grab some drinks on the weekend to chill out... but instead I'm going to try reading. It's hard. Also have the usual insomnia that I get when I stop drinking  does anyone else experience this?
Everyone has time to hit the gym and it'll more than likely be the best decision you've made for your body. 
