-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90bv4y/inpatient_rehab_covered_by_insurance_woes/

Let me start this rant that I am 7 days no drink and my heart totally goes out to anyone who is even in their first couple hours of staying clean.  Feeling helpless with this situation and just want to vent...I am wondering if anyone has ever tried to go through the **hell** that is getting inpatient residential treatment approved for alcoholism.    My current insurer Blue Shield of CA has put me through the most ridiculously complicated process of trying to get help that I am losing my faith in the system.  ..I need to take the time and detail it all out but just to highlight the course of events I've tried to power through to turn my life around in the last week:..* take uber to treatment center (knowing not much of anything about insurance approvals) after the name was provided by a list of "in network" rehabs.* explain for 3 hours my pathetic debauchary of the last 15 years.* treatment center explains contractually they can't medically detox me there and a place I can detox is found 50 miles away.* order an uber for the 50 mile ride in front of the rehab center and the driver asked me to get out because it was a 50 mile trip and he had plans.* back at square 1 ubering back to my house 3 miles away.* get an uber 50 miles away to insured detox center after not hearing back from them for 4 hours.* sweating and shaking perfusely.* get admitted through the ER and after 6 hours was admitted to the medical detox unit.* spend 5 days in detox with a confirmed plan with my case manager at detox and the treatment center of residential inpatient when i am discharged.* **get call 5 minutes before leaving that Blue Shield has not approved the residential and has lowered it to outpatient and I can't admit today**.* Dad drives from 5 hours away to pick me up and spend the day together first night out of detox back home alone after he gets hotel (cant blame him my apartment wasn't habitable).* Blue Shield offers what they called at different times "Peer Review" or "Doc to Doc review".* A huge flight risk and am told they will call me after the review happens no ETA.* All day Tuesday goes by (excruciating).* Called Insurance company and was told the review was scheduled next day at 2PM.* Review ultimately ends up "upholding" their denial of residential.* Now in an uncomfortable situation where I am at a low point and have to work with the treatment center to keep contacting blue shield for updates.* Appeal the Review that was done.* Called the insurance company probably 10 times in the course of the last 48 hours.  Each time repeating all of my information and getting less and less comfortable with the situation.* Ultimately get transferred to a cryptic appeals team who said my appeal is in and out of the status options of "Standard" and "Expedited" I am only going to get a Standard appeal with a 30 day lead time (Anyone who has battled addiction and substance abuse and hit rock bottom knows this is an eternity).* Blue Shield states that to put in a request for it to be expedited the treatment center now has to call back and request that the appeal be expedited and provide reason.* Shamefully call the treatment center again  depressed as fuck  asking them if they can do that (They were very helpful and very nice and expressed a lot of concern with this particular insurer).* Request to expedite was done yesterday.  Spent all day today waiting and calling (literally 10 times again giving all of my information each time) only to be bullshitted transferred and strangely told by the last girl that some phone call regarding the Expedite request was going on between some clinician and some appeals coordinator as we spoke and said they would call me back in 30 minutes (3PM).* I call back at 3pm330pm4pm430pm5pm...each time being strung along a bit further about how I will get a call back.* Latest call at 5:30PM ends up with me being told the appeals team left "hours ago" (despite me talking to someone 30 minutes before) and transferred to a SUICIDE HOTLINE for saying that I believe my addiction will eventually kill me after decade+ of heavy alcohol abuse.* Suicide Lady is pretty nice cares but has no power whatsoever.  Has no advice on how to escalate.  She reads the notes in the system out loud to me and it really makes me hope they have different places for notes as it really only had the fact I got denied the fact I posted on social media to get their attention (I was straight forward and tried not to be insulting or rude) and the fact I was calling in repeatedly..Sorry that turned out like one of those 4chan anon green text things but that is a general course of events with a lot of shitty feelings and highlights what I have tried to do to get into a treatment center.   From research online you see there are class action lawsuits around this practice and their criteria to be considered inpatient worthy.   I am assuming here but it seems the way Blue Shield/Magellan/MHSA (I'm still confused over who does what) handles addicts is starting by either denying or approving only the lowest level of care and after that if you have a deadly relapse you can try again at inpatient and maybe meet their criteria...In addition to finally having the confidence to stick up for myself I have become kind of obsessed with finding a way to advocate for myself and people in this situation.  My roommate OD'd on heroin and I found him dead and know that if I was battling an addiction with heroin and had to try and do this my relapse rate would fucking skyrocket and that is always a risk of death with that shit...I am taking care of myself and going to meetings but I have relapsed on substances already since detox and myself and family believe 30 days inpatient would be best for me.  The fact that this rides on some manager in appeals approving me makes me so scared for people who will come after me in a situation like this...I really don't want to come off as sounding like a victim... I just have really come to learn addiction is a brutal brutal disease and admittedly do not trust myself after just a few days in detox.  I have taken my fight to twitter which has been equally disappointing...TL;DR - Insurance seems to be trying to filibuster me out of rehab with their processes and I'm trying to make sense of it.   Looking for any input but I intend to stay the course with fighting for it.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so very sorry you went through this.  Sadly insurance companies and our govt they heavily successfully lobby are not our friends.  IWNDWYT.  Stay strong.
Shit I'm so sorry you're dealing with all this. So fucking frustrating but I'm proud of you for staying sober through it all. I really hope it works out for you. Also FWIW I'm a Pearl Jam fan too :) &lt;3
Take the outpatient for now. That worked for me. If it doesn't work for you then you have more fuel for a higher level of care which is inpatient. 
