-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90ec01/i_need_to_stop_drinking/

Hi guys if struggled with drinking for nearly 10 years now. Always revolving my life around events with alcohol iv come to hate the stuff. But Every time I try and stop something comes up where i end up drinking again. When I drink as little as two beers the next morning I have heart Palpitations/ feel depressed and generally cry a little. All quite extreme for a 30 year old man! Any advice on how you guys stoped for good? I truly hate it but it always finds a way back into my life. 
----------immediate responses--------

Start loving yourself again. Smile more be more social love and live your life. I don't know you but I'm sure you're a beautiful human being. Shit happens in our lives beyond our control the best way to deal with shit is to face it and deal with it instead of through a bottle that just creates more shit.
Believe that you will get better every day that you don't drink alcohol. Easy to believe because it is true.
[removed]
24hrs at a time is how I keep sober. In the early days it was minuets sometimes seconds at a time. I jus kept telling myself it will get better one thing that was told to me early on was; act like a kid! Think back to when you where a chlid you did not need alcohol to have fun. Just that anticipation of a friend spending the night a up coming birthday party recess at school the excitement of just thinking of what a good  time was to be had was the only high we needed. As a adult it's the same just need to learn how to tap that emotion..  
Yeah...stop now dude.  I'm about to turn forty and I wasted alot of my 30's being unhealthy unavailable and increasingly depressed and anxious.  I can attest that it only gets worse.  It took me a couple of resets this year to get to two months.  There will always be a reason to drink but it does get a bit easier.  Have you read This Naked Mind by Annie Grace? It helped me (and my wife) tremendously in switching your mindset around drinking.  To me this really is the challenge - convincing yourself you don't want to drink not wanting to but forcing yourself not to.  I wish you well on your journey.
30 year old male here.  I had some of the same symptoms happening to me right before I quit.  I basically used the health scares anxiety to help me quit. I never wanted to feel that way again.  I drank a lot in my 20s and I just kind of had a realization about how short life is and there are so many things I want to do and that I would have gave it all away if I continue to drink.  Started slow picked up momentum and now I have a happy life again.  You can do it too.
