-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90fa7h/ive_gone_no_contact_with_old_drinkingdrug_buddies/

Hey! I've quit drinking and also doing meth and mdma for 65 days. Part of the process for me was basically cutting off my old drinking and drugs friends. ..One of my friends who actually doesn't drink but was a meth/weed related friend is really going through a very hard time. His Gran died and they were extremely close. I actually didn't reach out at first when it happened just sent a typical wish on Facebook and that's it. I feel bad about it but I stopped talking at All. I'm trying to be sober. But I knew his gran use to talk to about him and regarding him  -  we used to be really close he was the one I mainly did drugs with though. We would always do drugs together. ..He has been sending messages needs to talk. ..He's already seeing  a therapist ...I don't know what to do! I need to protect myself from relapsing but it's making me be a shit friend
----------immediate responses--------

Off as much support as you can. but remember to keep your sobriety first and foremost.. IWNDWYTD! 
Offer to meet during the day in public like at a cafe :) 
I would maybe lend an ear on the phone but not meet in person. It would be too easy for him to have meth on him and then you're already hanging out and gee he really needs a friend etc etc. ..If you play a phone call forward and still feel anxious then a phone call is too much *and that's okay* because if you don't protect yourself and your recovery being able to help others will all be moot. ..You can again write your sincere care to him without giving more than is safe for you. If he keeps insisting he needs face time with you and that has historically meant doing drugs together consider that the most supportive caring thing you could do would be to decline.
Not sure what you should do. If I was in this situation and decided to meet friend I would tell him b/4 hand of my sobriety first. If he sounded accepting &amp; supportive then I would meet w/him. If not I would still try &amp; show support...although at a distance. I try to remember that my sobriety is of utmost importance. Who knows what might happen. I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
I dunno people say in meetings all the time 'If I plane was going down and the oxygen masks were released who should you help first? Yrself.' That didn't really resonate with me for a while but I think I am coming to understand it a little bit better. Can't be of service to anyone if I'm not right first. ..Just something to chew on. Honestly it's my least favorite of the AA cliches and yet here I am....
