-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90fsvs/dont_know_what_to_do_im_spiralling_and_desperate/

I'm a 20yo female. .I posted here a while back while I was in detox for an alcohol induced psychiatric episode. ..I stayed clean from booze for 3 months before relapsing.  ..The other night it was really bad.  I drank drove something I strongly disagree with.  I got behind the wheel and was swerving. .On my drive home I ended up at a random car park that I don't remember even travelling too.  I have no idea how I got that lost  as my house was literally one road away 5km distance in total...I found videos today of the drive  where I was vlogging myself on the dashboard.  I said stuff like "I could kill you right now (myself)  but i probably shouldnt". ."I should just end it for myself". ..I was self sabotaging. . .When I got home I scaled the three story building I live in. I sat on the roof not caring about the consequences of what I was doing. ..One of the staff found me (I'm in supported housing).  She had a chat to me and I was having a lot of suicidal duration so she called an ambulance. I was also putting pins in my arms. ..I don't understand where this came from.  I have a pretty good life.  I study  I have a job I love  I hike  I rock climb and I have supportive friends. .But there's a big part of me that is still suffering subconsciously  through undealt trauma. ..When I drink that comes up.  I switch into the headspace I was in years ago during a period of homelessness and suicidal behaviour.  I had nothing to live for then and I was engaging in all kinds of reckless behaviour that could kill me. ..But now I have something to live for and I'm excited for the future.  But when I drink  sometimes I switch back into that headspace and it scares me.  I don't know what I'm capable of. ..I want to stay sober. It's my ultimate goal.  But the probability of relapse is high  and I am scared for what could happen. ..I could get myself killed  kill someone else or destroy my future with a DUI/criminal record. ..
----------immediate responses--------

So did you go with the medics after the ambulance came?  From what you say you may benefit from inpatient psychiatric treatment.  Your behavior sounds dissociative or possibly manic. I'm doctor but I think you need serious intervention. 
This can all get better.  I would get some medical help.  Then finding a support group and taking it one day at a time changed things for me.  ..When I was drinking I wanted to die.  Now I feel peace hope and joy.  When I was in the dark prison of alcohol it seemed like there was no hope. But everything changed for me one day at a time...I wish you the very best.  You can do this! IWNDWYT 
I got sober in AA...I've seen AA's who live in supportive housing and AA's who have numerous homes.  I've seen folks come in at 20 and folks come in at 65.  The staff probably knows where to find a meeting near you.
We are not who we act like when we drink. The idea that our true selves come out is BS in my opinion it's the alcohol not us. Alcoholism is an illness and it makes us behave irrationally don't confuse who you are when you drink with who you are when you're sober. Now a caveat if you continue to drink on a long enough timeline you *will* become that person because you will be come dependent on alcohol. As far as what you can do seems like you need to surround yourself with a good support system. I'm not saying you should go to AA although that has helped a lot of people just find some group of people who can help you out that are sober and looking out for your best interests. Whatever it is you find I hope it helps you stay sober and safe - I will not drink with you today.
Pete Gerlach has a wonderful healing system about sub personalities that is working for me.  It makes sense that if you had so much trauma as a kid that parts of you would fragment to survive.  He has a system for integrating yourself.  [http://sfhelp.org/gwc/wounds/fears.htm](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?redir_token=NATBqZfLigxOtIEeAVFFh6YjrSh8MTUzMTc1NjU4OUAxNTMxNjcwMTg5&amp;q=http%3A%2F%2Fsfhelp.org%2Fgwc%2Fwounds%2Ffears.htm&amp;event=video_description&amp;v=xy64op5yiVc)   I won't drink with you today.
Relapse does not have to happen.   ..It may take doing things we don't want to do (for me it meant going to lots of AA meetings) for others it may mean getting honest with ourselves and counselors or therapists and other people (something I had to do too) It may take not "rewarding" ourselves with booze or drugs  and it may take believing in ourselves
Welcome back and best of luck in your sober journey
