-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90k90w/step_1_the_beginning_of_freedom/

I had no intention of quitting drinking when I walked into that Sunday night meeting. I was there by my own choice but I was only hoping to take the spotlight off of me and avoid another rehab. 10 people sat around the table night drinking coffee and chain smoking. I sat scared and full of fear. I was the youngest person in the room by at least 20 years.  Don't let my young age fool you. At 19 I was already a veteran of one rehab and two forced stints in AA...Step 1 confronted me that night but I couldn't fully accept it. I was way too young to be an alcoholic. Powerless over alcohol? No way! Sure I drank a lot. So did all my friends. All my actions all my thoughts and all my ambitions centered upon drinking. But all I could admit to was the unmanageability of my life. That was why I went to that meeting in the first place. Normal people didn't try to kill themselves every time they drank. I knew I had a problem with depression or insecurity or loneliness. Drinking soothed my emotional turmoil but it also tended to make my problems worse. I was prone to emotional outbursts blackouts and last night visits to the ER. Self-loathing and suicidal despair consumed me. I needed to stop for a little bit or I was not going to make it to my 20th birthday...I rationalized my behavior. It was all due to my inability to keep a girlfriend or not having the right car or the right looks or the right anything. I liked drinking until I was snot-slinging drunk. I did not see an issue with being a falling down throwing up drunk. I ignored the fact I twice drank my out of college and was most likely drinking myself out of the Navy as well...      I managed to stay sober out of fear of dying but there still was part of me that harbored a secret desire to drink again. I had no problems being a tourist in AA. It was better than sitting in my room alone. I believed that if I could get my head screwed on tight enough I could one day drink without consequences. It took a lot of pain and near relapse to completely admit that I was an alcoholic. That all the unmanageability in my life was a direct result of my inability to control my drinking...Being in AA so young presented many challenges primary among them was the feeling that my life was over. Who would like a guy who did not drink? What would I do for fun? And I did not want to give up drinking before I was legally allowed drink. How would I spend my 21st birthday if I was sober? I did not want to miss out on all the fun that I was certain awaited in the future...I wrote out my first step. I was rigorously honest with myself and what drinking did to me. Once I picked up a drink a switch turned on inside my head that demanded ever increasing amounts of booze. There was no controlling it. The smallest sip produced an instant craving for more. I tried switching from vodka to bourbon to gin in hopes of a solution but no matter what I drank the result was the same. My drinking was seldom fun. In fact it was mostly miserable. Every bad thing that happened to me before I got sober was a direct result of my drinking. As was the guilt remorse and incomprehensible demoralization...The first step is the only step we need to do perfectly. With complete acceptance came freedom and the ability to honestly work the program. There was finally hope that I could live a life as productive member of society. In time being an active member in the fellowship allowed me to find the life I was looking for in the bottom of a bottle. By practicing the AA program I have been able to stay sober one day a time for over 28 years.  My life is far from perfect but it is better than I ever dreamed possible.
----------immediate responses--------

Damn this is amazing. I got sober at 28 years old and thought "how did I f*ck my life up this badly where I'm in AA in my 20's?!". I found a sponsor who got sober when she was 21. All my excuses went out the window. ..I'm hoping that I have decades of sobriety ahead of me one day at a time. 
Buddy you brought tears to my eyes.. thank you for that read. I wish I had hit that realization before I turned 30.. hell 25. But thank you for your words and your story. It's good to read on this hard day.
What a wonderful message. Congrats to you on your life of sobriety I will not drink with you today. You my friend are a Rock Star! 
Such an inspiring story! We all want to be like you.  I'll take it one day at a time as well.  Congratulations on 28 years!
Wow... you've inspired me.. I'm back and forth in relapse.. must got back to AA.. do smart recovery but must combine the two.. was feeling a bit hopeless.. been to rehab too but your post resonated with me.. thank you
Thank you so much for sharing!  Such a huge relief to stop trying to control something so uncontrollable.  I went to a Step Study meeting last night and shared my current analogy.  ..Controlling my drinking was like trying to put a feral cat in a bag. I tried for decades this way and that way and this other way.  What a relief to just let the cat go and put down the bag.  The rest of the steps help me live free of trying to control everything else too.  Life is short.  Got better things to do.
