-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90me00/need_to_vent_in_other_words_sometimes_being_a/

It's been 19 days since I've had a drink of alcohol. And I'm not planning on starting again. I'm currently unemployed but I'm going to meetings and keeping busy cleaning and trying to keep my mind off of it. ..That being said I have a 15-year old daughter. In the past 2 weeks (since I've been home from detox) she has been brought home by the police (busted for weed-her friends had it not her so she isn't being charged) has stolen at least $15 from me (including the $1 bills I was saving for meetings and going into my spare change and taking all the quarters) told me she's having sex with her boyfriend (thankfully actually. I'm not ready to have grandchildren) and has generally just been well....15. The thing is I thought we had a good relationship before. Now we're both miserable in each other's company. Perhaps it was all a sham and I was delusional/too drunk to notice...I don't recognize the child that lives in my home. She's rude and disrespectful. I know she's angry at me for being a drunk and she has EVERY right to be but JFC...I need a fucking break. I've asked her to attend an open meeting with me or check out Al-Anon...no dice. She rolls her eyes at me instead...She's told me I'm just being a bitch. I told her she wouldn't like Sober Mom because there will be actual expectations and solid follow-through for her actions which is something I've always struggled with even when I was sober. I'm not rich I'm a single unemployed mom and she whines that I won't take her out to eat or buy donuts. Like WTF? ..I don't know I'm just struggling. I'm grateful I'm sober I'm grateful for her and that even though she's acting like I owe her something I'm sober and can deal with it better rather than caving in and giving in to her manipulation. I'm grateful that I have The Best Boyfriend on the Planet who really truly loves me (and Daughter) despite all this shit. I'm grateful that I have a place to live clothes on my back food in my belly and a good support system. It's just sometimes it's overwhelming. Too much too soon. I'm not Super Woman I have feelings just like everyone else. I just wish Daughter wasn't acting so goddamn entitled bitching at me constantly trying to manipulate me because I've been wasted for the past year. Again I get it-she's angry has every right to be but not once has she told me she's proud of me for really trying to remain sober (not that it's her job to make me feel better but some kind of support or even an inkling of trying to see things from my side or her trying to  understand' that I a disease) which would be nice. I didn't yell when she was brought home by the police and I didn't freak out when she told me she's having sex (I called to make an appointment to get her on birth control and bought her condoms). ..I'm just feeling rather lost and guilty and embarrassed and sad as well as somewhat angry. I feel like she's using my alcoholism against me and as a reason for her to be well...mean...Other parents out there on SD: please tell me it gets better that someday she'll be able to forgive me that someday we'll be close again that she'll eventually stop rolling her eyes at me and calling me bitch. Please. You're my only hope!
----------immediate responses--------

Oh God - teenagers!  I have a 21 year old daughter who was HORRIBLE from age 13-18.  She was miserable herself most of the time and made sure everyone around her (especially me) was miserable as well.  I was a single mom too which makes it doubly difficult as there is no one else to share the misery...I won't go into the myriad of ways she found to screw up her own life and break my heart.  ..But here's the thing.  I wasn't really drinking during those years.  It wasn't about me.  It was about her and how unhappy she was.  I'm fairly sure that 100% of the stuff she did she did because she was a depressed teenager (as many of them are).  I probably didn't even enter her mind.  Teenagers are inherently self centered.  It's almost as if they've reverted to being toddlers.  She wasn't thinking about my life at all; she was only interested in her own...Ok - here's the good part.  She's turned into a wonderful young woman and we truly enjoy each other's company.  She still has her issues (who doesn't?) but she's a great kid...Take heart.  I know you are feeling guilty and ashamed and believe that she's acting out only because of you.  But then you would also have to believe that you're unique and that no other parent of teens has gone through this.  And I think you've probably heard enough from other parents (not to mention every movie and book out there) to know that's just not true.
Oh man.  I feel you.  Being a parent is tough.  But you're doing such a great thing for yourself and for your family.  ..It's true that motherhood is often a thankless task where the good deeds are invisible and any screw-up is magnified exponentially.  But as the kids get older they grow and learn and become more.  This hard time will shape the relationship that you have with your daughter in the future.  Your reactions will influence her own reactions and likely even her behavior to some extent.  Being level headed loving honest selfless (sometimes) and patient (always0 are key.  And you are in such a good position to be those things with a clear sober head on your shoulders.  Hang in there.  It's worth it.
I was an awful terrible teenage girl. I can't believe how I treated my mom at that  age. That sounds frustrating. That said you are right that it's not her job to make you feel better about not drinking. You are the parent and it sounds like she has seen you maybe not at your best. I can see how she would be pissed off not being able to go out for donuts or things like that when very recently she saw you spending money on alcohol. As awful as it is how she is acting out you have to cut her some slack. Good on you for making sure she has safe sex!!!! You are doing great and are doing all the right things trying to care for yourself and get through these challenging teenage years as a single mom. Keep it up you can do it!!!
It does get better. We learn to cope to manage ourselves to build a better life. For some folks it gets better quickly. I wasn't one. I caught glimpses of the betterness but hung tightly to the idea that it would eventually get better. Eventually it did. Hold on to sobriety and it *will* get better...Relationships are one of the things that can get better. Not because sobriety makes them better but because we can become better people and become better at relationships. Tricky part is that relationships involve others and you can't change them. They'll have to make their own changes...I can tell you that sober parenting isn't easy but it's so much better. I was a playful and silly drunk dad. Now I'm the playful silly and *present* dad.
