-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90ncw1/im_lost/

I'm just so lost on what to do so if this isn't the right place feel free to delete this or lead me elsewhere. ..My mom is an alcoholic. In 2017 she got her first DUI. She went to rehab after and completed it as long as her health insurance allowed. She promised she would stop drinking   that she never wanted to make me go through this again. .Since then there's been multiple instances that she's started drinking again. She tries to hide it but doesn't hide it well. Assuming it's pretty common in alcoholics. .I've drove three hours to see her. so she would feel comfortable going to AA meetings. .There's a lot more to this story but this is the gist of it. She keeps relapsing. I don't know what to do anymore. I feel like I try and try. I just keep hitting a brick wall. I'm tired of feeling like I'm her babysitter. .What can I do to help her? How can I show her support? 
----------immediate responses--------

I read your post and a knife went through my heart because this is what I have been doing for 20 years to my child. I always apologized and he forgave me. But I went back at it. I had to make up my own mind to seek wellness. There is nothing anyone said or did or didn't do. I was in rehab after my second DUI. That helped but I recently relapsed again. It would be good to find an Al-anon group. Share your story and get support for yourself. Take care of yourself or pretty soon you will be banging your head against that brick wall. ..I am now in your shoes with my mother in law. The tables have turned. I feel your pain from both sides. Be strong. and it's ok to be pissed off too. Just find support for yourself. Peace.
I'm sorry I feel your pain. I grew up with an alcoholic mum too. It's hard when the roles are reversed and you feel the care giver and she's the child...Does her insurance cover any kind of mental health help? Any counseling it's worth a try alcoholics can often turn to drink to deal with past trauma and they find it impossible to stop drinking till they address what led them to drinking. I hope things get better for you.
firstly: you put yourself first. you give what you are capable of giving and not beyond that. you tell her you love her and you want her to get better. you don't expect her to get better you don't show anger when she doesn't get better. you try to be there for her - to the best of your abilities. you don't enable her. you talk to her sober. you calmly say i love you and then leave when she's spitting drunk and ready for a fight. you remember that you can't change her and the best way to help her in her change is to support her whenever she tries to take a step towards sobriety...lastly remember that before she was an alcoholic she was a human. she still is a human. she's not just her disease.
I tried everything I could possible do to help my mother.  Nothing helped.   It took a lot of time and  a bit of therapy before I realized that it wasn't my job to fix her.  It was her own.
