-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90tu5a/i_might_not_like_you_but_i_love_you/

said my mum to me today. ..err...thanks... i guess!?..it has taken many relapses to figure out that i find her super triggering and even more to be able to resist those urges. today i nearly caved. i found that so hard to hear and i don't know why. its not like i don't know this. i can't put into words how much we are different and just don't rub along well together...i am sure i am not the only person with this problem and of all the problems out there this is probably not that earth shattering...to be honest i don't like her very much either. she's hyper critical negative and defensive she is judgemental and sort of a parasite in that she uses other people to do things for her and to make her feel better about herself - i could go on but i won't... ..argh guys i guess i'm seeking your advice. anyone else have this problem with their family? how do you cope? is there any point trying to talk to her? is there any way to make myself feel better? should i just get over myself and stop being such a hypocrite - after all that's exactly how i feel about her? is this the wrong place to bring this up!?..sorry guys i'm venting i guess. today is the first day in a while when the 'fuckits' almost got the better of me and i started hitting up the booze cupboard again. just seeking some SD wisdom...peace love and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
One of my biggest two triggers is a family relationship (in my home) as well. I am also scratching my head as to how to manage this without losing the relationship. Wish I had advice but tonight I am only able to raise my hand and say "Me too brother." sometimes it just helps to know you aren't alone in your feelings. 
&gt;she's hyper critical negative and defensive she is judgemental..Wait...do we have the same mother?..I read recently: "Of course your mom knows how to push your buttons. She installed them."
I totally understand why it's hard to hear especially from one's mother. No one likes to hear someone doesn't like them. But I guess in a way it seems to me that this is actually a deep &amp; really meaningful thing being said. To not like someone but still love them... well that takes a lot from the person I would say...I'm not sure if this is helpful or anything but I wanted to say that props to you and your mother too for being able to love without necessarily liking each other.
Sound like she may have picked up something from Al-Anon.
