-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90we6x/i_will_tell_yall_why_im_going_to_relapse_right_now/

i have several severe anxiety disorders which made my life livin in hell. i can't cope no more i can't stand my endless anxiety i can't live this life anymore it's hell on earth everything's so eerie. i don't want to live this life i don't want to live my life this way i'm sick of watching my anxiety get bigger and bigger...that's why i bought 4.5 l beer and going to sink into the rivers of alcohol again after almost a month.
----------immediate responses--------

no don't
I understand anxiety to be a medical issue and just like if I wanted a broken arm fixed I would not try and fixit with booze. I'd go talk to a doctor and ask them for help. 
Hey man. I'm struggling right now too. This shit is difficult but I'm personally trying to focus on the bigger picture. If you drink tonight will you regret it tomorrow? I know I will so I'm trying to power through this. 
[deleted]
I relapsed. Just made my anxiety worse. I'm on antidepressants now. But I kept drinking. Today I woke up with a full blown panic attack. It sucks. PLEASE DONT RELAPSE. IWNDWYT
Please hang in there! My main issue has been self-medicating just like you want to do and it's done me nothing but make anxiety and depression worse. There's more for you out there than whatever's plaguing you right now please don't drink tonight. IWNDWYT
There are healthier and more effective ways to deal with anxiety than booze.
Please dont fella
We're all rooting for you! Run away! Ruuuuunnnnn! 
You will survive the battle hand in hand with us. IWNDWYT. Seriously. 
Booze makes my anxiety way way worse. Highly do not recommend.
So how's your plan working for you? Created less anxiety in your life?
perhaps go and see your Dr. again perhaps it's not the right antidepressant for you - or the dose needs changing.  you have managed a month - if you do drink the beer then tomorrow is the day to move towards another month off.  I struggle at the moment but I am not going to struggle for ever.  Like you I have anxiety generalized and health and it is worse after alcohol - if it were easy we'd have given up ages ago and not be on this site.  Well done for putting up your post and for your month off - you are still in the right place to keep on trying.  Take Care I am not drinking today - hope you can join with me 
I've been on antidepressants on and off for 15 years. This past year I've been drinking much more frequently WHILE on Zoloft then Paxil then Zoloft and now Prozac. I couldn't figure out why the fuck nothing worked. I quit drinking 5 days ago and I finally feel the this medicine I've been taking is actually starting to work. The alcohol made it impossible for the medicine to do anything positive because it was fucking with all my brain chemicals while the SSRI was trying to help. Alcohol tricks the fuck out of you. Push through. Fight. It's literal depressant. Your brain has to relearn everything once you remove the poison. It can take a while. You can do this. 
