-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/90yirw/trying_to_avoid_alcohol_while_depressed_and/

Hopefully this post doesn't break any rules. I did scan the sidebar but I'm fairly new here...I've recently decided that I need to stop drinking. I tend to turn to alcohol when I'm depressed or stressed. As someone who has struggled with chronic depression for over 10 years this happens far too often.  I've only been a regular drinker for 4 of those 10 years but I'm concerned about where this is headed. I spread out my drinking over a long enough period of time that I feel buzzed but rarely drunk but on a day where I'm drinking I definitely consume more than is healthy. I can see this getting far worse if I don't stop now. I'm on day 3 right now. I'm definitely capable of stopping periodically. The problem is that I overestimate my self-control and when I take my next drink it ends up being 4 or 5 over the course of the day and then I keep that up for a week or two. I've decided I can't be trusted with alcohol and this isn't going anywhere good...Anyway...I've had A LOT of significant stressors over the past year on top of my chronic depression. Honestly I feel desperate for therapy some days but there's no way we can afford it. I find it really difficult not to turn to alcohol. I try motivating myself by reminding myself how much more positive I feel when I have a few alcohol-free days under my belt and how I don't want the situation to get worse can't afford to drink etc. But I got stressed about finances this morning and I REALLY want a drink. I feel panicked and hopeless about life. I feel like I don't have a single positive coping strategy. If anyone has been in a similar situation and found anything that helped them I'd really appreciate if you were willing to share your experience.
----------immediate responses--------

[deleted]
I find the writing and discussions of Eckhart Tolle helpful; maybe you are familiar with the book *The Power of Now*. What is refreshing is that his discoveries were born from his own deep depression. Best of luck.
I know how that is! It sucks to be poor and it really sucks to be poor with a drinking problem. The answer is baby steps. Alcohol is really expensive so logically we know stopping is the best response to financial stress. (But being poor screws up your capacity to prioritize higher functions like pursuing self development self-care practices etc. See Maslow's Hierarchy to stop blaming yourself for being depressed.)..But logic is still logic and despite the obstacles this is not beyond your grasp (you're both resilient and industrious). With the money saved each week you will be able to afford a session at a low-cost therapy center twice a month. Newly-graduated therapists often have a lot of fresh energy and can be really great. There will be a waiting list and you're broke now anyway so the timing's perfect on that. ;-) ..And that's a baby step. You will have strung a few loops on a net your net and once you have seen your therapist a couple times you'll feel a few more pieces of net beneath you. You'll make a game plan with your therapist and you'll be able to see the next steps. ..And likewise with alcohol it's just baby steps. We don't drink today and tomorrow we build on the healing we banked. We feel just a little stronger a little more substantial a little more possible and we build on that. It takes patience but you've got that. Humility but you've got that. Willingness to work hard and reach out but you've got that. And you've got us. I won't drink with you today. :-)
This probably will sound silly but for what it's worth I started taking fish oil everyday and making sure to get at least 3 or 4 hours of direct sunlight every week and it fundamentally changed my outlook on life.  The fish oil is way cheaper than booze and the sunshine is free.  No idea if that's right for you just sharing something that worked well for me.
A no - cost resource is recovery meetings...Lots of support and tools to address my issues.
