-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/911r00/youve_stopped_drinking_how_much_do_you_share_with/

I'm almost a month in and over the past few weekends I've been avoiding situations where I am "expected" to drink partly so I don't have to explain myself.  My partner knows although I've been tackling sobriety solo like I do with most things and I'm still not sure if this will be a sober-for-life decision or not.  I'm struggling to decide what to say to my friends/family when my lack of drinking will surely be noticed.  We went camping with some friends and I said something along the lines of "taking a break wanting to be healthier and not getting the calories from alcohol".  Even after that I was presurred a few times to have a drink.  In hindsight I feel like I should have said that I'm an alcoholic end of sentenace.  I can't believe they would have tried to get me to drink with them because what type of asshole does that to an alcoholic?  My friends are good people and only see the fun part of my drinking not the hangovers next day shame/embarrassment and physical and mental impact that binge drinking has had on my life.  I have a great job nice house lots of travels and activities but over the past decade I have been drinking more and more and I believe it is holding me back from living the life I want. ...What did you tell your close friends and family or friends that you aren't super close with?  The truth so you can have their support (and possible disappointment if you start drinking again) or a version of the truth saying it's for good health or something?  I could use some guidance on these types of conversations.  Next weekend I have two events that I am really looking forward to being sober at for once and I am certain my lack of drinking will be noticed and commented on.  One event I can drive so being a DD is easy but the other is an overnight party with lots of friends and family and for sure lots of booze.  
----------immediate responses--------

Everyone knew I had a problem before I quit.  They all saw how bad my behaviour was and would try to get me to quit. It means I don't have to explain why I'm not drinking or anything and they are all encouraging me to stay sober...Even with people I don't know as well I'm pretty open about it. I don't see any point in hiding the fact that I don't want to drink anymore because it wasn't good for me. 
I kept it to myself for a long time. It was just easier to manage. I also didn't want want to fail publicly. I think I pretty much kept saying taking a break / not drinking today / gotta drive until it became common that I wasn't drinking...There is one thing though that I cannot stress enough how useful it has been for me: one day at a time. Have I decided for life? I dunno. I'm not planning to go back to it but all I have to take care of is today. It took all the pressure off for me.
I tell colleagues that I've cut it out for dieting purposes and everyone else that it stopped agreeing with me (which is a diplomatic truth) - it's an easy one to flesh out in any way that you like. 
With the exception of my spouse and immediate family I'm not saying anything.   When and if I'm asked why I'm not drinking I just say  I'm on a health kick right now - which is not untrue.   FWIW I anticipated having to explain/defend my not drinking way more than I've actually had to.  
"I have some shit I need to solve in my life without alcohol in the mix."..Because frankly I do.
"No thanks it gives me a headache".
I'm starting to be pretty open about it with most friends and slowly open about it with family. Everyone knows I have bipolar disorder anyway so I'm framing it less as  I'm a raging falling down drunk and I'm worried I'm going to accidentally kill myself if I don't stop  (which is true) and more as  I realized that my bipolar symptoms are much easier to manage if I don't drink and I'm feeling a lot better since I quit.  (Also true.)..I just started working a new freelance job a few times a week at different bars and nightclubs and I get offered unlimited free booze and it is a little awkward sometimes when people look at me funny if I don't accept a drink but I just say  Omg thank you so much but I'm good for now I'll let you know if I need a drink in a little bit.  I also kind of  fake  being a little tipsy by mirroring body language and laughing more if my clients are all hammered and no one seems to notice that I'm not actually drinking. ..I weirdly enjoy being completely sober around drunk people while pretending to be kind of drunk and get away with it compared to being drunk around sober people and having to pretend that I'm sober. ..I don't think you owe anyone an explanation thorough beyond  Not tonight thanks. 
I've just been telling people that when I got serious about trying to lose weight I decided to challenge myself to not drink until I hit my goal weight. That should buy me some time hahaha. ..But I think my plan is that later on I'll just say I liked how I felt so much I just decided to keep it going...
I'm slowly telling more friends and family as time passes. There are some people who I may never really hang out with again because getting drunk was really our only connection. And I am fine with that. I've avoided parties and booze-soaked social situations in general--it's what I needed to do to get this far. I've told a couple of people at work that I can't drink because of medication I'm taking and that's been enough to satisfy them. If anyone presses me to drink there *will* be a problem. I no longer have patience for anyone who disrespects my boundaries. Do what you need to do to take care of yourself!
I think I was in a similar position to the one you're describing   where my drinking was never tossing up tons of red flags to the people around me but it was definitely holding me back personally...Early on my approach was to downplay it by sorta presenting the whole thing as a lifestyle experiment. The same way you might have a friend who suddenly proclaims totally out of the blue that they are going to start training to run a marathon just to see if they can do it. Same idea with this   I'm testing myself to see how long I can hold out...I didn't lie to anyone but I did say stuff like:.."Yeah I've just been going a little hard lately and every time I try to get back on the moderation train I always end up at the same spot again. So I decided to see how long I can go without. It's been a month and a half so far." ..The key was to end with that count. I felt like approaching it this way did a couple things for me:..- People naturally wanted to be on my side because I'm trying to keep this streak going. When I'd see friends and family again after a while they'd almost always ask what the count was up to these days..- It softened the blow a little bit because I'm not saying "forever" to anyone. Only "as long as I can". Most people who know me probably doubted it would be very long at all so nobody pushed it that hard..- It added a level of accountability for me because I wanted to be someone who could surpass expectations..- By the time I was like eight months in everyone around me was already used to the idea that I didn't drink so the immediate social pressure was gone...Nowadays I have a little more time under my belt so I feel like I can be more forthcoming. The numbers do the work of convincing people I'm serious about it so I feel more comfortable being a little more transparent now.
