-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/912brs/not_sure_what_to_do_about_sex_in_early_sobriety/

This is my 8th day sober and I've been going to meetings with a girl who I made out and drank with on several occasions. We both like eachother and after an AA meeting yesterday we decided to watch netflix at my place. Well after the netflix the chill arrived and we started making out. Things started physically escalating and i stopped and said that i needed to talk to her about my concerns of getting involved romantically and physically with someone in early sobriety. I said that I was confused because I didn't want to jeopardize my sobriety or hers and she seemed confused as to why it would. I have been in the program once before and the longest I remained sober was 3 months. The last time i relapsed was with a girl i was dating who was a normal drinker. Anyway I was proud of myself for bringing my concerns up and she was really appreciative of the fact that I brought it up. She said that she really likes me and she understands that it wouldn't work out if either of us started using or drinking again. She also said that dating wouldn't affect her sobriety and I said that I was unsure if it could affect mine. I said that I would be more comfortable taking things slowly (not having sex) while i figured out what was right for me in my sobriety...We decided to fool around with the intent of not having sex but one thing led to another and we fucked. The sex was good and I want to continue seeing her but I am confused if it might not be good for my sobriety and personal growth. I am really struggling with why it is usually said not to date in your first year and get involved within the program even if it is just physically. Sorry I just needed to rant and get this off of my chest but any advice or experience you guys might have about the situation would be much appreciated...Thanks for reading and I will not have a drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

For me early sobriety was so much about figuring out who I was that having another person in the mix wasn't good for me. Also I was unprepared to deal with my raw emotions should things not work out or even if things did. I was hesitant to put anything on my plate that unnecessarily challenged my emotional stability which meant dating toxic friends etc were off the table. I did end up waiting a little over a year to date and I am not in the program (just FYI). Good luck. 
[removed]
yea I started getting romantically involved w a dude from my home group...not a great idea. nothing physically has happened so far but we talk constantly and have spent time together very clear we are romantically interested.  ..something I also realized is I usually go for a particular type. Since I am trying not to be that particular person anymore I figure that will also attract the kind of person I hope to be...or whatever...I dunno it's definitely a difficult area I mean even just dating in and of itself right. 
