-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/912cht/struggling_badly/

It's been 1 month today that I haven't had any wine. I'm fighting the feeling of running out the door and down to the grocery store to grab my old faithful. Pinot Grigio. ..See. My husband left me a little over 2 years ago. He left me because of the wine. I was using it at the time to self medicate post Partum depression and the fact that I caught him sexting women like crazy. ..He came back to me out of the clear blue sky late March early April. His older girlfriend that he left me for had a stroke. We moved back in together and I stopped drinking. But there have been these triggers that make me want to say just F*CK IT &amp; run back to Pinot. Little things. Like pictures she had framed for him that he's brought into our new place. One happens to be a picture my son did in preschool for him for Father's Day. This flies all over me because he is MY CHILD. She never even saw him. But she took something I was kind enough to give to my husband and had it framed beautifully. ..One thing about us moving back in together. I had to give up everything. I love Disney. He doesn't want Disney stuff in here. He wants it the way he wants it. And that is it. I feel like a prisoner. I feel like I've got to live by his rules and have absolutely no say so. ..I'm going to school to finish my BSN soon. That's one good thing. But right now I'm truly about to lose it and just let my rage take me over. ..I have no clue what to do. ..Totally lost. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds pretty toxic to me. He left you then when things went bad for his OTHER girlfriend when she had a stroke he abandoned her and came back to you. ..I would be in a hard place as well and drinking would make it exponentially worse for me. 
Posting here is always a good start. I am sorry you are having a rough time. Taking a walk or having ice cream or both helps me with cravings.  I am here not drinking with you. Hugs.  
[removed]
All I can say is sobriety has given me the clarity of mind to make the right decisions for myself. Dealing with everything at once is too hard I just try and do the next right thing. ..Try and think about what the next right thing tonight is. Maybe it's just going to bed. Maybe it's thinking about relationship counseling. Whatever it is as long as it's not a drink you're moving in the right direction. ..Sobriety for today is enough. 
