-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/917qop/tired_of_hearing_you_were_pretty_drunk_last_night/

It feels as though I have had a problematic relationship with drinking ever since the first time I got drunk at 14. While it is something I have been aware of since about the age of 17 I continue to engage in my poor habits for reasons that I cannot explain. Back in high school I thought that  everyone drinks to the point of blacking out every weekend  but I have since become aware that this is not in fact the case. These days my body refuses to allow me to drink to that point after a certain number of drinks I will fall asleep wherever I am. I like to think that my body is tired of the abuse and as a result forces me to go to sleep. After a night of drinking I always feel depressed and embarrassed. Sometimes my brain will try to convince me that I did something terrible that I didn't actually do and it fills me with a lot of dread. Friends will tell me it wasn't that bad nobody really cares that I was drunk etc. but it doesn't help with the shame I feel for myself. ..Alcoholism is prevalent within my family and I've seen the negative impact it has on ones life. I've tried a few times to casually quit drinking. I promise myself I won't but it never lasts longer than a few weeks. The truth is I love the person I am when I am not drinking and I don't at all like who I am while drinking. I desperately want to stop but struggle to find the discipline. This post is the beginning of my most recent attempt to stop drinking. I've been following this subreddit for over a year now and finally decided that I want to join in the conversation. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is exactly how I feel! We can make this change day by day. The only way to eat an elephant is by taking the first bite. Best of luck to you! 
You've 100% made the right decision. I said I wanted to quit a looooong time before I finally joined here and made the resolve for real and hopefully for good. SD is a great place for encouragment and support. Good luck.
Once it's recognized as a problem or an issue the game is over. I tried to hang on well past when i should have stopped trying various things like switching to beer drinking only on weekends etc. But alcohol is the problem it cant be managed once problems manifest. Shame torment and depression were symptoms of the problem yet I continued attempting to try to manage or change my practice so I could drink like a normal person. Didnt work once I quit i became my old self again someone I liken to my high school self in that Im not corrupted by some agent of Satan lol
So relatable. Best of luck to you I will not drink with you today.
You got this! There are a lot of useful materials on the sidebar I believe.
Same same. Since I was 17. (33now) I've been sober before 9 months at the most but I caved. ..Today I'm meeting with a sponsor for the first time ever. I can't do it without AA. If I go it alone my alcoholic brain will direct me back to the liquor store without a doubt. If you have hangups about AA my advice is to put them aside. Usually it's our only hope as alcoholics. 
I really really relate to this post. I have been drinking much less lately but still feel like I'd be better off quitting. This past weekend I drank too much at a rehearsal dinner the night before a wedding and blacked out towards the end of the night. I was so ashamed and miserable the next day despite my boyfriend and others repeatedly telling me that I acted perfectly fine and didn't do anything bad or embarrassing. I had been worried that I'd drink too much at the wedding itself but I was so hung over that I couldn't really even entertain the thought of drinking more. .I know no one cared and the weekend could've been much worse but the blow to my self esteem is NEVER worth it when all is said and done..I will not drink with you today.
I relate to your post. Thank you for coming and sharing today. I drank heavily over the weekend and feel so much shame today but IWNDWYT!
I'm right there with you!  IWNDWYT!!
When I really started to get serious I would write in a journal how I was feeling about alcohol and myself. Every few day re-reading what I had put down. It helped me to get an idea of how hard alcohol was really affecting me. This might work well for you here keep talking about how you feel and what you want...Good luck with your journey this is a great first step.
What I wouldn't give to have recognized my problem at your age.  You're one smart cookie.  Keep coming back and IWNDWYT
Welcome I will not drink with you today.
Hi and welcome. I have alot in common with you - can really relate to your post. ..I came here as a mess and since then this subreddit has helped me stay sober. Life is better for me now even when I must choose not to drink when the urge comes knocking...I look forward to seeing you around. IWNDWYT.
Welcome! I just read Naked Mind and found it a real game-changer for me. 
I've have realized this about myself too a while ago I'm trying to take charge I've been sober two days. I wish you luck! I will not drink with you today. &lt;3 We can be better together. 
Great share my stories are so in line with yours. Being sober has been awesome! 
The shame of blacking out... one I feel everytime it happens sometimes it's good.sometimes it's beyond bad
The shame is what makes me want to stop drinking too.
Welcome to the family before you were just spending time with us..BUT now we are in a committed relationship......You can do this.It takes an idea that you want to do it.The belief that you can do it.Trust in yourself that you have strength to do it.Commitment to exploring tools and techniques to support you.Commitment to doing a deep dive intensive inventory and clean up of your thought processes ways of being belief systems personal interactions....that's the hard part btw.A one day at a time appraoch.AND BEST OF ALL you get to visit us every day twice a day reading and responding.......Come on in the kettles boiling or there is la Croix in the fridge and some fascinating books on the shelf for you to read....
I relate to this so much... I call that feeling  the scaries . I get too drunk feel shame and depression and terrible hangover despite others saying everything was fine and I seemed normal. Then I go a few days of either not drinking or not drinking very much. Then I feel better enough where I forget the scaries. Then the next weekend the cycle repeats. Thank you for sharing your experiences 
I'm 26 and I relate so much to your post. I've been cutting down on drinking lately and I don't behave badly when I drink but I still don't like who I am when I drink. ..Well done and keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT. 
One day at a time. I will not drink with you today.
That feeling of dread the next day without knowing what happened (if anything). I completely can relate to this post. Even all the ages are identical...I will not drink with you today.
So relatable. I was 14 my first time drinking as well. I recall even that first time that I could not drink like other people. At no point did I reach a level of intoxication and decide "welp that's it for the night". I was bottomless and looking back it's sort of unsettling that even then I needed more more more. In my mid to late twenties I couldn't even drink socially any more. I spent years isolated in my home getting black out drunk every night. Was in a bad way spiritually mentally and physically. I knew I didn't want to drink anymore but also terrified of not ever drinking again. In the beginning it was very overwhelming imagining myself never drinking again ....so I learned to take it one day at a time. "Just for today" everyday was and still is an easier way for my brain and nerves to accept. Good group of folks here...if you need to talk. I will not drink with you today.
Thank you everyone for your kind words of encouragement. It means a lot and already is more than I've gotten out of some friends that I have previously confided in. Nothing against them but it seems they don't understand. ..It feels as though the most difficult part leading up to today has been accepting that my problem really is  that bad . A lot of the stories you hear about or read about only talk about the absolute worst scenario so one feels like  my problems aren't that bad  so we justify them and promise that it will get better on its own. In addition to that it's very hard to explain to someone else why you choose to stop drinking because from my previous experience I hear  why it's not like you're an alcoholic...  and the like. So I end up making excuses and ultimately agreeing when the reality is that there doesn't seem to be any clear line between alcoholic and non-alcoholic. Not to mention other people and the media make  functional alcoholism  seem like some kind of joke. Really looking forward to being a more active member of this community thank you for the warm welcome! .
So much of what you say resonates with me. I also love who I am when I m not drinking!..Not to sound cheesy but I hear so much potential in your post. I hope you find the inner strength to see this journey through. I find this sub invaluable to my sobriety. IWDWYT
Welcome keep posting here using all the support you can get will give you the best chance of success. But most importantly know that it is possible and you can do it!! Proud of you x
That was one of the worst things followed by the inevitable "oh shit what did I say and do???" ..It was so mentally and emotionally draining to be in a constant state of worry. Worrying how I behaved in a blackout worrying if my stash of empties would be found worrying when I could get my next drink worrying about my liver and worrying if I was still under the limit to drive...While it isn't sunshine and rainbows it is a hell of a lighter load to carry. IWNDWYT :)
