-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/917xg7/too_weak_to_stop/

I made a huge mistake. I stopped drinking Saturday a week ago so I'm on day 10 today. It was a constant terrible struggle so I promised myself to drink on the weekend (last Saturday and Sunday) which I didn't since I thought I could make it so much better when waiting till today since work is always a main trigger especially on Monday. So here I'm today completely fixated on the wine tonight after work I can't think of or feel anything else so I know that I've already lost the battle. I feel so depressed another failure ahead and I cannot avoid it since I'm not strong enough. I think I'll never overcome it I'm occupied with falling getting up falling getting up I'm just not able to "walk". My feelings are contradictory I actually feeled so well starting with day 4/5 but my mind just craves for the next drink. And actually I don't why to keep on fighting I'll lose anyway so it would be much easier to just give in and surrender to the alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
You haven't had a drink yet today which is a victory. You've made it this far; I think you can make it for however many hours you have left until bedtime. I'll pledge that I won't drink with you today. 
I'm so sorry. I can tell by your words that you're in a lot of pain and I wish I had an answer for you. I haven't made it 10 days since I started trying to stop...
Addiction isn't a weakness or lack of willpower nor a moral failing or character flaw or anything of the sort so don't beat yourself up about it!..It's not easy to overcome it and takes the right knowledge tools and support and often a few goes before sobriety sticks.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..Have you thought about speaking to your doctor about your drinking and desire to stop?..There are medications that might help - e.g. Naltrexone Baclofen Acamprosate Antabuse etc... it's worth exploring all the options if your willpower needs a helping hand.....How about a trying a recovery group like AA SMART Refuge Recovery etc?..The cravings can be maddening in the early days but they are just *thoughts* and there's nothing compelling us to *act* on them... Eventually they do go away but if you give in and drink it just restarts the cycle.....Try some of these [videos on overcoming cravings](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=overcoming+cravings+this+naked+mind) from the 'This Naked Mind' channel while eating something sweet and guzzling large amounts of fizzy water.... that's what I did and it helped.....Take it one minute one hour at a time if you have to - it's just a case of dodging the *first* drink and making it through til bedtime!..I'm not drinking today hope you'll join me.....Keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I won't be writing it either not tonight. But I feel the day coming when I will. I keep falling but I won't stop getting up. Thank you for checking on me   
I did ok! I wasn't able to abstain entirely I did have a few drinks but it could have been worse and I actually felt like stopping after 3. ..Tonight my son came to visit and we went to dinner. I did have a glass of wine but just one (better than the 1-2 bottles I have 3-4 times a week) and tonight that was enough. I think the pleasure of his company distracted me. I need more good people in my life... I'm headed to bed now to listen to some Shair podcasts. I'm off tomorrow but I have an exam to get ready for on Saturday and it's just about the only time I'll have to really devote to preparing as I'm on call Thursday and Friday night. Ending my day with a hopeful heart and a mostly clear head. 
Thank you! I don't drink as much when I'm absorbed or distracted or when I spend time with someone I feel connected to. I guess that's the whole crux of addiction...we lack or fear connection to ourselves and others...I binge drink too I just never know when the urge is going to hit. It messes up my life when it does; my anxiety is high I'm irritable and emotional full of regret and anger with my behavior and choices...I do feel like I love myself and that I have good qualities along with my flaws but I have such a self destructive streak. I always have. I just have to keep trying to find a way to make better choices consistently day after day.
