-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91jinf/struggling/

Today is my first day attempting to be sober. I usually have a drink a day but for the past two months  I've been really bad with finishing a 6 pack every day. I rationalized it by saying to myself it's not a big deal because I was having one and waiting 3-4 hrs before the next. I'm not getting drunk just trying to keep my panic attacks from coming in...I've been struggling from the minute I woke up. I so badly want to go to the store and get some champagne or beer to just take this edge off. It's upsetting me how hard this is and how much I'm thinking about it.  It's making me realize how much of a problem I have...There's no point to this other than to let someone know I'm trying.
----------immediate responses--------

I am happy you are trying. I suffer from anxiety and getting on meds has really helped me. Going to your doctor for help is a good thing I did. I take a walk or eat some ice cream or both when I want to drink. Be kind to yourself stay hydrated and careful as withdrawal is serious business. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
 It's upsetting me how hard this is and how much I'm thinking about it. It's making me realize how much of a problem I have. ..I felt the same way. I realized that I couldn't pretend I didn't have a problem when I was dying to go to the liquor store at 10am on a Tuesday. People who don't have drinking problems don't feel like that. ..I'm sorry your feeling bad right now....but I promise it does get better. Do what you can to keep yourself distracted. Sometimes it's just 5 minutes at a time. The first month or so I think I went to bed at like 7pm every night just to  end the day  &amp; move on to the next! ..Your doing great just by being here &amp; posting. Iwndwyt 
Recruit your doctor to your sober team.  Mine has been very supportive and I don't think I would be successful without him.  That and this sub!  IWNDWYT!
I couldn't taper on my own.  ..I detoxed with my doctor's prescribed medication at home. I went to dual-diagnosis outpatient rehab at the hospital.  Restarted my anti-depressant. Was prescribed gabapentin for anxiety. ..I attended AA daily. Read the AA book. Got a sponsor worked the steps. Over 2 years later I'm still sober active in AA healthy responsible to family and community and happier than I've ever been. ..There is hope.  Best to you.
