-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91opgi/i_start_alcohol_counseling_tomorrow/

So sometime last year sometime in late September I tried to become sober for the first time. I lasted about 6 months then relapsed. Then had almost two months sober then got drunk again one night. After that last time my mom told me I have no choice but to go to rehab or addiction counseling or something to that effect. Rehabs won't take me because I'm not drinking enough so my insurance won't cover it and I am not paying out of pocket for a rehab stay again. I've got a $3000+ bill from the last time because my job cut off my insurance early because they were firing me for going to rehab. So I chose to go to alcohol counseling. I have been wanting to drink almost every day for at least the last week so I think this is a good idea. Has anyone else gone to addictions counseling? What can I expect?
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have any experience there my friend. I know what it's like to want to drink every day though. I think anytime you can discuss your habits around drinking is a good thing. It took me many times quitting to finally figure it out. I learned how to deal with the cravings. After a lot of cravings and defeating them they start to go away or at least aren't as strong as they used to be. Hang in there talk to who ever you can to help you through this. Just because you are younger don't dismiss your problem with alcohol. I wish I would have addressed my drinking problem 25 years ago. I wasted a lot of good living on booze I pray you don't make the same mistake. Good luck penguin!
When I was laid off I applied for Medicaid and automatically qualified for 1 month.  It covered the copay of my weekly individual sessions and group sessions (I also had private insurance).  My counselor actually had a history of substance abuse so she had a much better handle on discussing addiction.  We talked a lot about CBT and mindfulness.  Group sessions were interesting because I got to hear from other people about addictions other than alcohol.  ..Whether the session is "good" or "just okay" has a lot to do with how well the counselor is trained and whether you two "mesh" well together.  There is nothing wrong with switching to another counselor after a few unproductive sessions.  My counselor is how I found out about Naltrexone.  I'm not necessarily suggesting this medication but it is an option you can discuss with your doctor and counselor.  (Although only a Phd counselor can prescribe medication.)
I saw a counselor who specialized in addiction. She nudged me onto the road to recovery. AA meetings filled empty time and put me in touch with people who understood. They gave me hope and guidance. Sobriety is easier and more fun with a support system. 
