-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91r433/husband_finally_made_me_decide_between_him_alcohol/

He has been SO patient with me while I have struggled with booze over the last 6 years (we've been together for 18) but after he found a small stash I had yesterday he put his foot down. I started crying as soon as he said it but mostly because I was truly seeing how my actions have hurt him. Here's to do 1. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

You got this just make sure you are getting sober for you!  IWNDWYT
Welcome.  good decision have seen a lot of people take the other door "now I can drink the way I want to"  **it never ends well.**  often times with jail or mental hospital or ICU
Good for you! Stopping the drink immediately improved my relationship with my family. They are so supportive as well. IWNDWYT!
I know it sounds stupid and trivial for an addict but try replacing alcohol for mineral water. Works wonders for me.
I had a true love with a girl that was destroyed by alcohol over a 5 year period...Last week she sent me a letter asking I never speak with her again and she changed her phone number...It sucks having to make a choice especially when my ability to choose is so screwed up...I will be thinking of you and pray that you are able to make the right choice.
Good luck. Xxx
IWNDWYT 
My mother did this to my father when I was younger and it really inspired him to get sober. It's a hard road ahead but hopefully you can make it through!
What was true for me and what I have heard from many is that having to choose between something important and alcohol can be a turning point.  I had to choose between living life and existing for the bottle between my family and the bottle between running and the bottle.  ..I choose to let go of alcohol and this set me free.  Best wishes to you! You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Welcome! Now the work begins. What's your plan to stay sober? What's going to make this different than the last 6 years? 
Welcome! You got this. 
I recently received this ultimatum as well.  Wife can't take it anymore.
I used to keep a stash in the car trunk and my spotty spot in the basement. You re not alone in the fight.  My husband will not give me an ultimatum since he's almost 5 yrs sober but my oldest daughter can throw a glance and state some stinging grammar.  ..One day at a time hobbies going out to dinner at a dry establishment helps.  Do I want to feel super or crappy?  This question gets rinsed and repeated daily...Good luck and welcome!
