-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91rq55/half_a_year_booze_free_and_beyond_thankful_for/

I've had many ups and downs throughout these 180 days but the lessons I've learned about myself and how strong I am are priceless. Alcohol doesn't have a grip on me any longer and I'm so blessed to be living my life the way that I am now. I'm happy healthy and finally realizing the things I can accomplish if I'm sober. No more crippling anxiety and depression. There is so much space for productiveness and my motivation is through the roof. .I start school in August for my final year after alcohol addiction caused me to have to take time off and I couldn't be more excited to go into my final year while sober. .My one piece of advice for anyone struggling to get and stay sober is to talk yourself through what picking up a drink will do for your life. In these 6 months I've had my family dog die a move across the country to a big city and many fights with my partner...but I stayed sober. I've learned that drinking doesn't improve situations that suck and great situations are already blissful without dulling your senses. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! This is a huge milestone--and one to be so proud of. IWNDWYT
Congratulations and well done - I am almost in complete alignment with you on day 178 of my own stop and looking forward to the 6 month milestone myself.
Well said! Well done!
At first I thought that read dueling your senses. But I suppose having double vision and the spins is kinda like that. ..Good job on being sober! I wish you good luck in school although I know you won't need it ;)
Congratulations! You've done such amazing work. 
Congratulations! Thank you so much for your story. IWNDWYT :)
Congratulations! I try to remind myself daily of what you're talking about in your last few lines. Bad situations aren't improved by alcohol and good situations can't be enjoyed as fully when your senses are numb. So when is alcohol a good idea really?
