-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91s3r7/holy_crap100_days/

Officially in the triple digits as of today. I can't tell you how much this sub has helped me during all that time and even before. I started out the year determined to tackle this beast. Made it a month and half then had a few slip ups. But I kept getting back on that wagon and here I am today at more than three months sober from booze. ..My story isn't all that interesting. Started drinking casually at a pretty young age. Then about age 20/21 I really upped my intake and began using alcohol to deal with social anxiety and mental health issues. For nearly a decade I let alcohol run my life and unknowingly create more problems than I had to begin with. It made me lazy self-conscious unmotivated anxious tired and depressed. A few years ago I started to wake up to reality. I had to do something before I really hit rock bottom. I'm lucky in that I feel like I never really did reach that low point. Things were bad but they certainly could have gotten much much worse. I'm so grateful for this sub and everyone in it. I'm grateful for my supportive husband family and friends. I feel so much better today than I ever did in all those years of inebriation. I am happier and healthier than I have been in such a long time. ..If you're still struggling please know that it's worth the fight and things do get better. ..IWNDWYT &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

What an amazing inspiration you are! Such a milestone!..Be very proud of your achievement.
I really needed this. Thank you! 
Thanks for sharing. Great inspiring post. IWNDWYT:-)
Amazing job. It's good you have a good support system. Mabye try AA of something like it it saved my life. But we all are different in the way we recover and there are many ways to sobriety. .Keep up the good work 
Congratulations!!! Your story is shockingly similar to mine. Life is so much easier without the sauce!
Yeah just go and try it out . The worst possible scenario is that you wasted an hour of your day. And the best is you find people that are like you and can help. .I was so scared to go at first but I found the meeting welcoming and everyone was so kind. For me it was the best place to go . And I've been sober for a year and a half so something is working. ..Good luck . I hope you go 
Woo-hoo!  .IWNDWYT 
Happy Triple Digits!
Me and you both fam!
Congratulations on 100 days
