-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91ssp6/relapsed_and_no_good_reason/

A friend of mine came to town for a visit brought beer with him I had none that day. He left the rest in my fridge. After mowing the lawn on Monday I saw the rest sitting there and said to myself I got this I can handle having only 2. 13 beers later that night and I vaguely remember the night and had to take off work the next day. I am beating myself up but have fully committed to never having even 1. I had 4 years sober. I don't go to AA yet. ..I don't consider myself a failure I thought wrong made a mistake and will change that thought process. 
----------immediate responses--------

Now you know moderation doesn't work for you! I think most of us have learned that the hard way   You've got this - IWNDWYT!
Good for you for getting right back on your feet. So many people think "oh I can have just a couple" but then end up completely drunk. I see it in myself too. Stay sober I am proud of you for recognizing this in yourself. Here's to getting back to 4 years!
Welcome back! The only reason I've relapsed before is because i'm an alcoholic :)  
Thanks for sharing. 
Yes! Stay strong and just get going again. I too relapsed a few time for no good reason. It's there. You can. You do it. It's so hard and I'm inspired by your four years AND your will to go on no matter the beers.
IWNDWYT.  Thanks for this.
Thank you for being our scout.
Good job on facing it and hopping back on the wagon. AA and outpatient helped me a lot. Took some time to find meetings I really like but I'm glad I stuck with it. Welcome back IWNDWYT 
If you had one day of drinking out of 4 years congratulations!  You found out moderation isn't in the cards for you and you are right back into sobriety. That is something to be proud of friend. Welcome back. 
Hang in there we all struggle and you are not any less of a person because of it.  I am rooting for you!
The clock resets but the sober days certainly still count
In SMART we call that a lapse instead of a relapse.  The difference being that a lapse is a short slip like what you did and a relapse would be a full blown return to regular alcoholic behavior.  I know it might feel like just semantics to some but I think it's an important distinction.  It can be hard not to beat yourself up but I can say for myself that I'm actually partially glad I had my own lapse early on in my sobriety because it taught me definitively that alcohol just isn't an option for me (thought the same thing  I'll just have a couple.  That was a Friday came to on Sunday).  Without it I might have always wondered a bit in the back of my head...It's good that you are not thinking of yourself as a failure because you're not.  You didn't lose your sober time and you don't have to start over again at square one any more than you have to go back to kindergarten if you fail a math test in high school.  Or for another analogy if you were traveling cross country from Seattle to New York and you take a brief side road you don't have to go all the way back to Seattle to continue your journey.  Just get back on the road.  Ultimately I would look at this as a very valuable lesson...Good for you for catching yourself and hopefully this will be a very valuable  tape  to  play forward  in the future.  Stay strong and IWNDWYT!..
Just keep going.... a bump is just a bump.  IWDWYT.  
It happens man it's just part of the process. Good thing is you came here and post it it out instead of going on another binge that sounds like progress to me. If nothing else there is at least one dude in New York City who forgives you and wishes you the best of luck moving forward.
That's how my relapse happened.  I thought I could have a beer at a ballgame.  Why not? .I'm wearing my big boy pants.  Well.... after a five day bender I realized that a can't just have one.  Thank you for sharing and get back on that horse.  4 years is quite an accomplishment.  
I fully understand. I am near my one year and the craving is suddenly back. That little voice teling me to have a beer. I know it will end badly if I give in. .IWNDWYT
In early sobriety I found the saying "dry people and dry places" to be very helpful. It still is but I now have a few more tools in my toolbox to use when needed.
That last sentence is so important and awesome to you for seeing it knowing it and hitting the reset button rather then despairing.
This is a delusion that I have certainly fallen prey to.  Gosh if it were only so that I could have just one or two.  It would be fantastic.  It is also simply not the case.  You've tested the hypothesis and made a new commitment.  That's progress! 
IWNDWYT
I had some extra beers in my fridge too. I can't count how many times I considered having one or two. The ugly reality was I knew it wouldn't be one or two it would have been twelve or more. My mother passed away  after a long illness just shy of one month ago. My dad passed eleven and a half months before her. A day or two after my mother's passing I took every alcoholic drink in the entire house and poured it down the drain. My heart was racing.  I felt like my little backup had been ruined. I felt worse after trapping myself in a house with all its ugly sad emotions and realizing there was nothing to buffer my pain if I decided I wasn't able to cope. I am still struggling everyday. I can completely relate to what happened and why. The backup might give us a hair of security to fall back on or a beverage to offer our alcoholic imbibing guests but when weighing the potential outcome I believe just my opinion  that having the temptation lurking in our refrigerator can make this much harder for us weather it be day to day living or tragic loss. The imagined humiliation of knowing  that I would have to go into the same store and face the same people who saw me there day after day everyday for years is part of what keeps me from buying anything that will tempt me. Don't beat yourself up. It was there and you drank it. It is over. You confirmed that drinking still makes you feel like shit and now armed with 20/20 hindsight go about your life. You were doing an amazing job not drinking. One day does not make or break you. And more importantly than your one night jump off the wagon it is what you choose to do now that really counts.  Keep moving forward  learning from mistakes is what keeps you from repeating them. Good luck. I will not be drinking with you tonight or any other night.
Thanks for sharing. IWNDWYT:-)
Ach scary how it can just pull a sucker-punch like that. Glad you're here and focused. Stay strong...Not drinking with you today :-)
Thank you for sharing. I've had the thought cross my mind in this warm weather that a nice cold cocktail or glass of wine would be nice but I know I can't. ..In the words of my consultant "even a sip could kill you". I just got my life back it's not worth the risk. I'm so glad that your thinking is now clear and you are moving on from your slip well done!!
You didn't fail you just found out  controlled  drinking doesn't work. Now you know. Onward and upward. You got this. 
Thanks for sharing I think I needed to hear this as my mind has been drifting towards the same thoughts for myself in the near future...Sorry you had to learn the hard way but I don't think it's a failure just another lesson that will make you all the better for it. I'm with you in not drinking today. 
Newbie here hope you don't mind me commenting!..You don't need a good reason.  You've learned from it and gotten back on the wagon.  
I hope that you just put your feet back on the path and carry on!  I think saying what happened has value for others here and probably for you too.  Let's just carry on!
i drank 15 beers yesterday. i don't feel too good about it but today i am trying again. bless you friend in your journey.
I'm in a very similar boat.  Spent yesterday hungover and crying.  Trying to focus on all the good days sober instead of a few mistakes.
It took me MANY years to find out that moderation was NOT going to be my thing.  
Well done welcome back 
Making a mistake is falling down; failure is not getting up again..You got this!..IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing!  Your story is one of my biggest fears and frustrations.  Sometimes I want to believe I'm like other people who can moderate.  At my age and with my experience I should know that ship sailed long ago and I was never on it.  But still the voices of addiction will try to convince us otherwise seemingly no matter how many years of sobriety we have under our belts.  I'm glad this didn't turn into a long bender for you and you are back where you need to be.  I guess the thing to learn here as I'm sure others have pointed out is what do I do differently next time?  Of course don't take the first drink.  But to be successful there needs to be more.  There needs to be support and help to get us through those pivotal moments.  I wish you well!
