-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91w9yr/when_people_tell_you_youre_not_addicted_to/

It seems like every time the topic of alcohol addiction and over consumption comes up there is a chorus of "I used to party too hard but then I decided to just cut back!" and a million varieties thereof. Sometimes it's just someone trying to relate to my experience of drinking too much and other times it reeks of condescension. Either way I believe this is one of the most detrimental attitudes towards the issue of addiction that someone can hold and yet it seems in my experience to be the majority opinion of normal drinkers. Note that I'm speaking exclusively from the perspective of alcohol addiction and even more exclusively from my own experience with addiction. However ...I think I CAN speak for every single person who struggles with alcohol addiction when I say that NO ONE has tried as many ways to limit their intake as the problematic drinker. Hell there's even a passage in "the big book" the AA handbook that always gets a laugh because of how close it hits to home:...&gt;"Here are some of the methods we have tried: Drinking beer only limiting the number of drinks never drinking alone never drinking in the morning drinking only at home never having it in the house never drinking during business hours drinking only at parties switching from scotch to brandy drinking only natural wines agreeing to resign if ever drunk on the job taking a trip not taking a trip swearing off forever (with and without a solemn oath) taking more physical exercise reading inspirational books going to health farms and sanitariums accepting voluntary commitment to asylums -- we could increase the list ad infinitum."...I have tried at least half of these and a dozen more nifty tricks that aren't listed here. If there were a magic bullet that would allow me to enjoy an old fashioned or two before calling it a night I would have found it. If I knew there was a solution buried at the bottom of the ocean I would still to this day hold my breath and dive....So with as much effort as I put forth into learning "how to drink responsibly" as it's said what didn't work? Am I just childish and irresponsible?...I think it's safe to say I'm a pretty driven person. I'm far from perfect but I can acknowledge that I have fought for a hell of a lot in my life. I've achieved more than a lot of people even a lot of my own family ever thought I would. I'm well versed in being scrappy as hell to survive. I've done it almost as long as I can remember and I've won....The first thing addiction attacked was my pride. I never considered myself a prideful person but you don't know how much humble pie you've got to eat to hit rock bottom until you're drowning in fuck-up cherry filling and apology whipped cream. I got through what became a toxic childhood before I hit my teenage years. I got through temporary homelessness right out of high school. I got through heart break. I got through wondering where my next dollar meal hug or job would come from. But I just couldn't figure out how to get through this....When you are surrounded by a chorus of people who have none of the experience but all of the solutions the shame intensifies. People saying "just cut back!" or "just learn to have one!" or "you'll grow out of it!" continue to push the narrative that you don't have to quit you're just failing over and over again at being normal. Just keep failing and failing until you somehow learn to be normal and just cut back meanwhile the world continues to judge you and you continue to rack up consequences of just trying to be NORMAL because that's what everyone says you can and should be. It's not okay for you to have or express this pain because you could solve it if you really wanted to you just need to drink better....As it turns out I'm not a failure or a fuck-up or an irresponsible child. I'm an addict. And the only solution for addiction is abstinence. That's the only choice I get in all this. If someone with lactose intolerance was lamenting that they couldn't have a milkshake you would not share the story of how you used to get tummy aches from drinking milkshakes too fast until you realized you just needed to drink them slower and then milkshakes quit making your tummy hurt! That would be ridiculous. So please. Know that I have tried everything. Know what you're saying hurts me. Know that I am not broken confused or ignorant. My body just works different. That's okay. I'm okay. I'm just an addict and I'm dealing with it the best I can.
----------immediate responses--------

it's bullshit advice... 
Yep must be nice to be able to moderate... just have one... you know .Nope. Not possible for me! .IWNDWYT  
Brilliant post. Even my best friend has said that I can start drinking again one day but I know I can't. I have to stay strong and keep saying no to that first drink keep attending AA keep thanking God every night for another sober day. 
Very well written and yes very relatable. There are very few people to whom I have admitted I am an alcoholic but it always lightened my feeling and let me relax...You're absolutely right. That's okay. We're okay. ..  
Ugh I hear you.  Lots of ppl I hang with are big drinkers but (seemingly) non-alcoholic.  They like to act like I'm in the same boat as them and just need to cut back.   ..I feel like saying- do you sneak it?  Have a few swigs to get rid of the shakes and heart pounding anxiety in the morning? do you black out on the regular? Wake up in your own pee and vomit? Fight with your partner almost daily over it?  Get threatened with divorce over it?  Cry about it?  Talk to yourself in the car about it or anytime you are alone?  Think about it all the f'in time?..No I never say any of it bc it's to damn personal and I don't want to freak anyone out or make them uncomfortable.   
Well said! I know my brain is wired differently than others and it took me forever to accept it.  Talking to my cousins helped me as it turned out their brains were wired the same way.  I have had that advice too - usually it's others trying to measure or compare their drinking to mine.  IWNDWYT
I feel you. IWNDWYT
You're a talented writer. Great post. Thanks. 
I still bear it three years sober...  You didn't have a problem. You just needed to moderate.   I don't even argue irbtry to convince anyone anymore. I just say ok and change the subject. 
Love it! Thank you for your honesty. IWNDWYT
I gave up caring whether it is a character flaw vs a disease (or what people's opinions on that issue are). Whatever it is I got it and I can't drink. Even if its a character flaw so what? We all have a bunch of those. It is how I behave that matters. 
Honestly? A lot of people who say "just cut back" are drinking more than they're comfortable with themselves. People don't like the idea of others quitting if they secretly suspect that maybe they should do the same.
I can use in moderation for a long periods of time before I drink too much. But it's not the quantity of drinks but the quality of emotional life for me and the people around me that have to endure my character defects...I don't need to drink more than 1 day in a year and I'm an isolated compulsive arbitrary asshole for the rest 364 days of the year.
Thank you for this. I can't wait until the day (if it ever comes) that addiction is normalized and we're not seen as some freaks of nature. I'm an addict who's dealing with it the best they can and the fact that you and I and the rest of us here can be so honest about that fact makes us all the stronger and better for it :)
This all ties back into the social standing that alcohol holds in a lot of societies. If it weren't such a revered and esteemed substance then nobody would give a shit. Pervasive crap is all it is.
Was at a wedding few weeks back during my first real attempt at quitting and one of my cousins said  Oh it's just all about spacing it out and being in control. I only drink every few months.  Like yeah ok well that's not gonna work for me so. 
I know I'm a little late to this party but I didn't see anyone mention this. I have struggled with addiction but I drink  normally  now (pretty much just drink a lot less than I used to but my addictive personality is still at work). My friend recently got sober and I felt the urge to say that she too could also get to the point where she could drink  normally . I reflected on why I felt like this and it really came down to selfishness. I wanted to be able to drink with her and no one likes to drink alone because it would make me feel like I had a problem!! Haha. I bet most of the people who say this kind of thing to other people trying to get sober have some issues that they are not ready to face/are making excuses for.  A person who is truly a normal drinker will have no urge to convince you that you will be able to drink some day because drinking is not necessary for them. So really I think it's just that person projecting their own problems. And when you think of it like that... gives you an even better reason not to drink. Congrats on being sober. Hope you're doing well 
Great and relatable post. I've been dealing with a lot of regulars at my bar insisting that it won't hurt to just do ONE quick rip with them (couldn't possibly be because I always comp rounds I partake in  ) or to stay after my shift for ONE beer. Like no. The line between friends and drinking buddies grows ever clearer.... Anyway thanks for the post! IWNDWYT 
Interesting thoughts I heard all of the same things in the past and continue to hear them and I have never paid much attention to them once I hit maybe two years sober. I am wondering what makes you so angry and what you are going to do about? Anger and resentments are certainly two of the main causes of relapse. I also think that there is one additional solution that one has to address with addiction and the is dealing with emotional sobriety in order to not only stay sober but to deal with the past and to try and live a happier future.
