-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/91y758/did_you_give_yourself_a_chance/

I have always used alcohol as a coping mechanism. It began when I was 17. It started so I could cope with social anxiety and turn myself (temporarily) into an extrovert. It worked. I found what I thought was missing from my personality. I was hooked. ..Then throughout my 20s I also used it for coping with generalized anxiety and existential depression. I developed a problem. I had convinced myself that I would always struggle with anxiety but that I would always have alcohol to fall back on. That's why I have tried and failed many times in sobriety. I have never been able to make it past 30 days. I have been telling myself that sober life means anxiety-ridden life. So I always go back to drinking. ..Then yesterday something just opened up in my thought process....I NEVER EVEN GAVE MYSELF A FUCKING CHANCE. ..At 17 years old still a fucking child with zero life experience I had thought I found what I needed. So I never stopped. ..But what if I had actually let myself exist and learn without alcohol? How different would I be today? Would I have grown out of it or least gotten better at coping with it as I gained life experience? ..I am so unbelievably angry because it feels as if I deprived myself from actually growing up. I am 28 years old yet still feel like a socially anxious awkward teenager. Alcohol was my personality crutch for my entire adult life so I don't think I even know who I really am. I haven't the slightest clue as to what sober me looks like. ..I am more motivated than ever to truly find out who I am and what I am capable of. ..Give yourself a chance!
----------immediate responses--------

I mean did alcohol give me a chance? Nope. I see what you're saying but I think I'm predisposed to alcohol addiction. I'm so grateful to have he chance now to find who the hell sober me is. So far I like her.
&gt; I am so unbelievably angry because it feels as if I deprived myself from actually growing up. ..Damn that really hit home. I've definitely had these thoughts before as I also started drinking in my teens to become more outgoing and deal with anxiety. I'm 10 years older than you and when I think of all the years I've wasted not learning new things about myself and the world it definitely pisses me off. But I try not to dwell on it and move forward. It's great you're recognizing this now and not 10 15 20 years down the line. IWNDWYT! .
Hey. I started at 17 too and I recently had the same realization that you did   and I'm 15 years older than you  that I don't really know who the real me is.  But I love her I'm excited to uncover her and better late than never. It's extremely painful to think of the time I wasted but I refuse to dwell on that right now in the very beginning of my recovery. I want to get better before I try to develop perspective on it.  
