-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9227cg/boyfriend_relapsed_after_9_months_sober/

hi i'm not sure if this is the right sub for this  but i am in need of some support/kind words right now...i just discovered my boyfriend relapsed last night after almost 9 month's sobriety. my natural response is to be angry..i feel helpless and betrayed like all that time was wasted or meant nothing to him. i stuck by him through jail time group meetings every day of the week and countless sleepless nights fighting over this. he hit (what i thought was) rock bottom and i was with him every step of the way to sobriety a stable job and a home. i believed he had finally changed and learned his lesson. i'm feeling pretty discouraged like i'm at my wits end and just want to give up. i don't understand what it's like to be an addict and i don't know what he is really going through...how do you find the light at the end of the tunnel to pick yourself up and start over again? how can i be there for him right now? thanks  
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm so sorry about this. :-( There are a couple other subs that might be able to help more-- r/scienceandkindness and r/alanon. Recovery is a very complex journey and unfortunately only something like 5% of people who try to quit make it a whole year on the first go so from that perspective he did well and likely has the foundation to get back up and continue his journey...However that has nothing to do with whether it's best for you to stay with someone who is on that journey. That's the question only you can answer and there's no good or bad one--there's only what's right for you and your healing without apology. All the best to you.
1 day out of 9 months is a 99.6% success rate. 
I would suggest that you see a therapist for a couple a sessions to talk about boundaries and codependency.  My question would be what did he start doing differently before he relapsed? The drink is the final thing that happens with every relapse. Does he go to AA does he have a support system or was he trying to just do it by himself. He had been physically sober but was he emotionally sober? All things to explore on your part. Unfortunately alcoholism is a family disease and it has certainly affected you.
How does he feel about it?..I had a relapse at about 9 mos and it was the end for me. That relapse was the best thing that could have happened to me because it cemented my need to be sober. ..So in my opinion it's what the relapse means to him that is important.  
Hi :) I have been dry for over 5 years and have an SO who still struggles with his own problem drinking. I can share my own experiences with you but every person and every addict is different FWIW.....My SO definitely has a relapse pattern; it usually involves his long time alcoholic friend begging him to hang out. After his friend plans a date with him he starts to get angry and shut me out. Not only me but even his children. Nothing can stop it from happening (I've fucking tried my damnedest) then the bender(s) come. After the bender he feels guilty and awful and realizes how much he  doesn't like it  and is  through with alcohol . But with the exception of one 6 month stint he cannot stop this from happening every few months. Doesn't matter how great his mental state gets how much he physically looks and feels better life is going great etc. Until he either hits bottom or decides for himself this will always be the norm. Not even a second DUI that threatened his fatherhood has even stopped him. ..Sorry I just realized that I commented and made it about me; not my intention. Just hoping to give some honest insight into how addicts can function/lie. Other comments about looking into  r/AlAnon are great advice they are very supportive there (just like here!)...I wish you the best and hope that your situation is different :)
 It's not a moral issue. That's addiction. Try watching the doctors opinion on youtube. And the seven selves aa. On youtube.
/r/Alanon
