-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/923ofb/in_which_a_prodigal_daughter_returns_again/

Hi everyone..I used to be on SD pretty regularly. I also used to have a pretty decently streak of sobriety. I am now back to Day 1 on both of those things. In thinking about my journey of sobriety yesterday I remembered what an enormous support SD has been to me in the past. It was a big part of how I even got sober in the first place. I owe a considerable debt to SD for all of the support that I have received through it both on here and in real life from people who I met through SD &amp; my local sub /r/SDChicago...It's a little hard for me to look back &amp; read my old posts on here for a couple of reasons but I do remember making my first post after the last time I came back after choosing to relapse. It was helpful for me to talk about what went wrong for me before. It was also key for me to spell out a plan for what I was going to do differently that time...Making a public commitment to the group was important to me. It helped me to define a plan of action that would give me the best possible chance of succeeding. And it provided me with a form of public accountability. Accountability is for my benefit not anyone else's. It helps me to remember that my actions matter to people other than me. Remembering that I am connected to others &amp; that my sobriety matters in how I am able to interact with people is helpful to me in remembering why my sobriety matters...So what happened? The simple answer is that I dropped out of my recovery long before I thought about using. I stopped doing the things that had worked for me in getting sober. I stopped posting on here. I stopped going to meetings. I stopped reading literature related to recovery. I became less comfortable with self-identifying as someone in recovery. I stopped prioritizing self-care...Recovery isn't simple because addiction isn't simple. My experience growing up did not provide me with all of the resources that I need to be a fully actualized &amp; healthy adult. That sucks but I am working in filling in those missing pieces with my therapist. As I start to fill in some of those missing pieces I am becoming aware of just how large the scope is of what I am missing. It's daunting. I'm 38 &amp; still figuring out how to be a person...My background included a significant amount of  developmental trauma  (neglect &amp; abuse witnessing the neglect &amp; abuse of my siblings living with people who had ongoing mental health issues.) I am far from the only person in recovery who experienced developmental trauma. That is not a coincidence. I have needed to go back &amp; engage with my trauma. I had basically repressed it as hard as possible because I didn't have the resources or support that I needed to be able to engage with it before. My addictive thinking and behavior is linked with adaptive strategies that I had for dealing with trauma. It's an ongoing process. Facing the truth of my past helps me face the truth of my addiction. Facing those truths allows me to honestly engage in recovery...I have self-compassion for myself around the time that it has taken me to get where I am now (courtesy of therapy.) I have made progress. Yes I am on Day 1 but this Day 1 finds me a different person in a different place from my last Day 1. I have more information and more understanding of the resources that are available to me than I did last time. I can learn from what didn't work before. I can be honest about my self-deception &amp; mistakes. I understand that I don't need to protect my ego because I understand now that it is okay to make mistakes...Do not misunderstand me: I would be in a much better place now if I had thrown the brakes on this relapse *long* before I did or if I had gotten the support that I needed before the decision to relapse seemed like a good one. Relapse is incredibly dangerous. This time around I did not relapse on alcohol which is my drug of choice which is most likely why it didn't kill me. It has still been dangerous. It has still cost me &amp; those who love me greatly. And there is never any guarantee that a relapse can be turned around...The decision to relapse is a decision or rather a long series of decisions which ultimately leads to picking up. I made those decisions. I am accountable for them. I am accountable for my actions when I was active in my addiction...What changed? A good friend intervened in a way that touched me. I am forever indebted. And I realized just how much my being active in my addiction was costing me. My life the potential that I have to make a positive impact in the world relationships with those I love as well as time money energy those sorts of things. The cost is high &amp; the payoff is low so it is time for me to fully face the pain &amp; get back to recovery...I don't know if it's still a thing but I used to see people on here asking those coming back from a relapse  what's going to be different this time?  Well this isn't my first rodeo so I already have some valuable information about what does &amp; doesn't work for me...Last time around I benefited from making a commitment on here to post on SD daily for my first 90 days. I obviously have a lot that I need to get out &amp; share related to my recovery &amp; the accountability was *really* helpful to me. I knew that people would notice if I didn't post (&amp; on days when I was late or I missed a post some people did.) I also knew that I had to have something to say so I had to do things in my day to have things to talk about. I'm gonna do another 90 posts in 90 days. That worked for me. (And yes I will need to extend my focus beyond early recovery &amp; maintain that momentum but that's in the future. Right now I gotta focus on today.)..I also benefited **enormously** from the meetings I made in my attempt to do 90 support group meetings in 90 days. I am lucky to be in a situation where my schedule allows me *more* than enough time to hit at least one meeting a day if I make it my priority. I can do that &amp; I know that it will help so I will. (The bonus is that I know that for the next 30 days I'm gonna get a big round of applause at every meeting as long as I manage to show up &amp; stay sober. It's surprisingly gratifying to me so I'm gonna milk that for all it's worth.)..I'm going to get a temporary sponsor today until I get a real sponsor. I'm going to follow suggestions. I'm going to work the steps. AA is not the only path in recovery. But it's something that I've seen work for other people I've benefited from it in the past &amp; I'm out of ideas. It's a lot of work trying to manage the universe while reinventing the wheel. I'm looking forward to getting some help...(For the record I'm no longer an atheist but I'm still solidly agnostic - I don't think that any religion really has things fully figured out. I grew up in a highly religious household which was a highly unpleasant experience for me. I can roll with the AA program as it is. That is me. Your milage may vary.)..I have other things that I need and want to do to get my life back on track. That's fine. I'm not going to worry about them too hard right now. I'm going to focus on taking care of myself going to meetings posting on here accessing the support available to me through friends &amp; family going to therapy &amp; getting a sponsor. That's enough to keep me busy. There are other things that I can do which will be helpful for me in building the life in sobriety that I want to have. I can worry about those things later. Right now I'm gonna focus on those basics...I still need to figure out my meeting schedule for the rest of this week &amp; hit a meeting &amp; this is already epic so  How did I get here?  will have to wait for another day. I look forward to getting to know the new SD &amp; I'm excited to learn from you all...Much love..\-ginger\_sprout
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! It's good to see you. 
From one Chicagoan to another welcome back Ginger Sprout! Your post is very honest and insightful. You have a great plan and attitude.  One day at a time staying mindful. You know what it takes thanks for sharing :)
I really like the Lincoln Park Alano club if you live in the area. I was told in treatment that after I took my first drink that my maturation  stopped at that point and did not begin again until I got sober. Looking back they were right.  Your relapse exhibited all of the classic signs and probably just a matter of time. It looks like you are taking the right steps to get yourself plugged back in and moving forward. With AA take what you like and leave the rest.
Welcome back  
Welcome back -ginger_sprout.  What a great post.  I will look forward to reading them as you progress.  IWNDWYT.
I love prodigal sons and daughters. I love returns. Welcome back nice to make your acquaintance! IWNDWYT 
Hey u/ginger_sprout!..I like your plan!..Great to see you :).
Well hot damn its good to see you back. Welcome back home ;) ..Sending you hugs and la croix :) 
Glad you're back!
Glad you're here! I'll be looking for your daily posts   and I'll notice when they aren't there! Bam! Accountability! From one abused-and-neglected-as-a-child-now-thirty-something-sort-of-lost-soul to another I wish you the best in the next steps in your journey. ..-Jack
Good to hear from you again :)
Holy smokes I was hoping that I'd run into you here!!!!!!!!!!! SO good to see you. &amp; I'm super glad to be back.  
