-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/925x5x/i_dont_know_why_i_cant_do_it/

Hey everyone. Just wanted to put this out there for people to see. I need to talk. I've tried and tried. Just can't stick to this sober thing for some reason. I've very seriously contemplated suicide over the past few weeks. Luckily I have a wife and 3 beautiful kids that keep me from it. I'm sitting in my car right now with a beer. At work. Stupid... another stupid thing I did was take my kids to the park a couple of weeks ago. We had a great time. We were just doing park things when I decided I needed beer. Up to that point I'd been sober about 100 days. It was embarrassing. Of course I tried to hide it from my wife. But I wanted to be caught I think. It's like I need to lose everything before my mind will finally click. I don't know. I'm sorry to waste anyone's time. I just wanted to put this out there. Anyone who is struggling: keep fighting. The posts here are so inspirational. Everyone here is amazing. One day or 10k days. They're all great. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear you're struggling!..It often takes a few goes for sobriety to stick and it could be that you haven't quite found the right combination of tactics and support yet... ..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..Have you spoken to your doctor about your drinking and desire to stop? There are medications like Antabuse that make you sick if you do drink if your willpower needs a helping hand as well as other medical options.....How about trying a support group like AA SMART Refuge Recovery etc?..Dump that beer out it's not helping the cause!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Being sober about 100 days is pretty damn impressive. Concentrate on that and just keep at it. You're here and you're trying again and again. It's a tough thing a very tough thing. Not sure of your age but think about all the years of conditioning to drink you're trying to undo in one go; it ain't easy that's for sure. Every day you don't drink is a success even if they're not one after the other all the time. Be well and persevere.
Hi. You can do it...but like me it might take lots and lots of practice.  Each day is practice. Don't judge yourself too harshly you are trying your best. I am finding this site so helpul. Once kind person said it might help to stop saying 'i'm trying' and say 'i don't drink' weird but its helping me...when i think about a glass of wine i simply tell myself i dont drink. Its bloody hard but this is my best effort in a while. Take care and be kinder to yourself. 
Have you tried AA/NA meetings?
You are so lucky to have a family that loves and supports you. Talking is good lots of it. A person needs to work things out. I have to say I've had the same thoughts in the past when all seems lost. Things are not lost and you are NOT wasting anyone's time with concerns and questions. I have found that people that share common needs help immensely. I truly don't think I would have made it this far without the kind support here at SD.  I am presently seeking a support group  (AA SMART ETC). Stick with the group for info. IWNDWYTD :) 
[removed]
you CAN do it. you have done 100 days already so you know you can do it. progress isn't progress without a challenge. it's a set back it's not a failure. you can learn from it and go forward...we are all rooting for you. dust yourself off and try again. IWNDWYT!
Hi friend. My heart goes out to you because I AM you. A little older now at 31 but had 3 beautiful kids by 26 as well. It's a lot of responsibility to put on a young person and it's always so heartbreaking to WANT to be the best dad and husband you can and then drink it all away and feel that you failed your little family. I've been there. Hell I am there. I'll speak  from the I  now so as not to break the rules by telling you what to do. During the times where I've felt low and even the inkling of suicide tickled a tiny part of my brain I'd get my shit together enough to take SOME action   usually going to a doctor and laying bare my situation and asking for help. I can imagine the pain my young family would be in if I killed myself. I can't do it alone. No one can. Please go see your doc. He/she won't be disappointed. They will want to help. Just like we do here. I can't even let those thoughts have a millisecond if space in my head because I could never do that to my family. I feel confident you feel the same like way. ..Another thing   I've been trying to get sober since May of 2017 and just finished Day 2 again. So you can see how well it's going. The longest I've hit was 12 days. I'll relapse and suck for 3-5 days and then pull my miserable self out of a hole and start climbing back out. Shit man 100 days?! If you can do 100 days you're incredible! If you can do 100 days you can do 10000 no doubt. The only way you fail that beautiful family of yours is if you quit trying to be the man they deserve. Note what I said: they love the man you are. But I can tell that you want to be a bit better for them as I do for mine. That means you're a wonderful person and a damn good dad. Again your family loves you and needs you just as you are but I hope you never stop trying to be the man you believe they deserve. Never stop climbing. Never let life keep you down. ..Proud of you for coming here tonight to get some help. Listen to Woody's advice. He's a solid gentlemen that gives some dang good pointers. ..100 days! Damn! Let's do it again! I'm with you from now till 100 this time. 
I'm proud of you for posting here myles..   I only have a couple weeks without drinking so I'm in no position to give advice.  I can say that I tried and tried and tried as well.  And I was at that low point of self disgust and disappointment with myself that suicidal ideation was more and more on my mind.  I would need a beer often just as you got one at the park I needed to take the edge off a lot of the time.  I have lost so very much partly because I didn't want to waste anyone's time with some loser like I was.  I started reading this sub and I finally took woody's advice and I told my doctor that I couldn't stop drinking.  I'm 73 now so it shows that if you don't die you can stay in the miserable state I was in for a long time.  The first day for me was a drag ass long day and I am still somewhat raw but the feeling of guilt and shame and remorse are nothing like they were a couple of weeks ago.  I try not to think about the distant future of the past but just about staying sober for today.  Best of luck to you my friend and kudos for reaching out to this community.  
Thank you for sharing here. It's so incredibly easily to start spiraling around with guilt and shame about  I have it all how dare I feel this way ...The beast about addiction and the temptation of suicide  - speaking from my personal experience - is that it does not discriminate it is not logical and it is not a moral flaw or a character flaw. ..On the surface I have all the creature comforts that  should be' sufficient. And yet something in my brain is wired different than others. This means I process alcohol and stimulants differently and destructively. This means on my lowest days ideas flow through my heads that my husband and family would be  better off without me'. These thoughts are powerful and they are not accurate. I needed help to find my footing..Therapy medication sobriety have been very powerful for me. Realizing that this is not a fatal moral flaw but an illness than can be treated helped a lot to stem the guilt. ..Here's one last thing - my mom had multiple suicide attempts growing up. She truly believed I would have been  better off' without her and her mental health issue. From my experience as the child of a suicidal parent I did not want a replacement parent. All I wanted was my mom. In my eyes she was perfect just the way she was because she loved me unconditionally. Your kids want YOU because YOU are irreplaceable to them. You are perfect to them just the way you are today. Please know that. ..Thank you for taking care of yourself and reaching out. ..IWNDWYT 
