-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/928wiw/i_relapsed_last_night/

Had the worst day.  Last night I thought I could have just one beer led me to drinking two more bottles of wine.  So hungover had to cancel my jobs for the day because of severe anxiety attacks.  Thought it would be worth it but the feeling alcohol gives you after being sober is awful every drink the feeling got worse.  Dead senses brainless and angry emotional why do we drink this crap!..Spent the day just wishing for the feeling of being sober.  Cant wait for tomorrow and start all over!  
----------immediate responses--------

Ohhh the moderation game. I always lose! Glad you're getting back on track  
This is exactly where drinking takes me too. One social drink turns into bottles of wine or a bunch of vodka at home. ..The anxiety killed me. I don't miss it at all. Now I can see that it was my brain screaming at me asking why I did that again. ..I'm so glad you're back here with us. I'm excited for your day 2 tomorrow and I know you are too! 
I went 7 or 8 days earlier this month without then decided to get a bottle. The hangover was so much more intense than normal. I think my body was really enjoying the detox. 8 days tonight without and definitely feeling better. Don't get down on yourself it happens to all of us dealing with this. Just start over and make more progress. 
Just get back up! I appreciate you for your honesty. It sucks how we cant just have one beer. I have the same issue. I can't drink moderately. The only way I can avoid going back down that rabbit hole is avoiding that first drink.   Currently at 9 weeks sober and I'm feeling as good as I have felt in the last decade. I don't ever wanna go back into that darkened sunken place again. Im here for you and I support you in wanting to do what's best for you. Wake up tomorrow and get back on the wagon.   
Guess you have to ask yourself next time what would that one beer give you?  Just the fact that we spend so much time wishing we could be "casual" drinkers shows the amount of control this thing has over us.  When I have those moments where I wish I could just drink like "normal" people I then ask myself "would that really solve my problems?" "what would that one drink provide me?" "would that drink give me greater joy then my sobriety does?".   ..Get back up dust yourself off and know that you can do this.  
Thanks for the reminder. I'm sorry you are going through the hangover but you can be proud that you are taking the right lesson from it. 
So true - use that feeling of dreadfulness as an avoidance tactic.  I am only in the early days but I am already starting to think I don't want to go back to the starting line again I am bored with myself having relapses - good luck and I will not drink with you today or tomorrow or whatever time zone we are in !! 
Thanks for sharing. Hope you feel better soon.
Glad you're back.  IWNDWYT
Bummer. How long had you gone before relapsing?..I wonder what it would feel like now for me after not drinking anything. Would I get trashed would I feel worse than before would I stop and get back on track would I regret the decision more than the buzz etc? 
good for you catching it after just a day though... back on it hell yeah!!
Good luck.
Thanks everyone!
It's so not worth it right? Just our body's way of reminding us. Here's to the now. The better. IWNDWYT
Hi Calun!  .Seeing your post this morning made me realize I'm not alone.  Thanks for your honesty and for sharing.  ..Me too...last night!  Two beers and drank most of two bottles of wine.  Have been hungover and tired today.  I'm doing volunteer work tonight.  I enjoy it very much and I hate that my choices of nearly 24 hours ago will make my evening more of a slog than a pleasure.  It just isn't worth it!  I'm going to be making my first post here in a bit.  I want to take part in this community....I can't do this on my own anymore.
So did I. so pissed at myself--thought i could drink a little on vacation last weekend which led to drinking most everyday this week also. and then blowing 60 bucks at the bar at Applebees on vodka last night. for what? im a broke single mom. then proceeded to drive my dumbass home drunk. after already having a DUI from 3 years ago. why would i risk everything for some stupid ass vodka? Really anxious today. But today is Day 1. Im going to absorb myself in alcholism documentaries today. 
Welcome back !
