-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92iau9/halt_how_do_you_interrupt_thought_patterns_when/

I'm curious how others interrupt their thought patterns when they recognize that they are heading in the wrong direction.  I had a situation today and was able to diffuse it with a salad (of all things) but it left me wanting to gather a few more tools so that I am ready the next time....My situation was a text conversation with my ex this afternoon that escalated quickly to an argument and I was genuinely upset for the first time since I stopped drinking three months ago.  I've had my share of challenges and annoyances in that time but this was the first time I felt my adrenaline pumping and I felt out of control emotionally for a few minutes while I absorbed the injustice of the things that were being said...I immediately thought of drinking a bottle of wine.  You know because that'll show him!  I can't understand how me compromising my health and cognitive abilities will teach him a lesson but honest to goodness that was the thought that crossed my mind.  Totally ludicrous.  ..I also started telling myself that a glass of wine would help me unwind that I deserved to drink because the conversation was upsetting.  Also fuck it!  I'm upset and I want to have a drink!  There have been some really good posts on SD about the "fuck its" all are well worth a read...I paced around furiously for a few minutes and realized that I was Hungry Angry Lonely and Tired.  HALT.  I was all of those things.  Which is the perfect storm for a relapse.  Hunger is a huge trigger for me because for many years I would starve myself in order to save calories for booze maximize my first drink and speed up the process of getting and staying buzzed.  ..So I ate a salad.  The most unsatisfying salad of my life.  But I have everything on hand it was quick to throw together it was reasonably healthy.  So I ate it and immediately felt the clouds part.  ..Don't get me wrong I'm still upset.  That salad didn't fix all of my problems but it did interrupt a very destructive line of thinking.  Removing one of my problems (hunger) freed up enough brain space for me to think logically about the situation. I no longer feel totally hijacked by my emotions...Does anyone else have any interesting strategies for interrupting destructive thought patterns in the moment?  Eating a salad worked for me today but I don't think that's a good long-term strategy...I'm all ears if anyone is willing to share what has worked for them!
----------immediate responses--------

HALT is a great one that I use often. Have you tried a meditation app like HeadSpace? That helps me too but I am admittedly bad at doing it every day. ..Coming here helps me a ton. When I'm really worked up like you described sometimes I'll go workout or just get out of my house. Even running an errand like going to Target or the grocery store can sometimes help me focus on something else. 
I find that my most useful technique is to change the scenery.  Going for a drive going home going to a friend's place anywhere but where I am is usually enough to help me step back from a situation long enough to get through the worst of it.  It's even better if I can do a long bike ride or hike but any change of scene helps me when I'm struggling consumed with emotion and feeling stuck.
If I can I go to the gym and lift heavy weights - I channel all that anger into the effort. It helps me a lot.
Lately ive been journaling like a mother fucker when i can feel myself spinning. It helps me sort through my thoughts and pinpoint the root cause of why I'm feeling that way.
Breathing techniques checking in here on SD pouring myself a glass of ginger ale and early bedtimes. These work best for me. IWNDWYT  
Pick up the phone call someone ask how they are doing then shut up and listen. Life is not all about whatever's going on in my head. 
&gt; Eating a salad worked for me today but I don't think that's a good long-term strategy...Why? If the problem is hunger then it can only be satisfied by ingesting calories. Having food instead of booze when you're hungry is a perfectly healthy and sustainable strategy. It's not like you ate a dozen doughnuts after a six-course meal. Like you I used to avoid eating (though I did it because it would allow me to get drunk quicker). So over time my brain learnt to say "I want booze" when all it meant to say was "Feed me". So now I'm unlearning that hunger=booze habit. ..I'm trying to incorporate HALT-prevention into my daily habits. If I know I'm not going to be home for lunch I take the lunch with me. If I know I'm not going to get much sleep I try to plan the day so that it's not taxing (avoid decisions avoid contact with people who annoy me etc plan loads of me-time)...Another useful set of strategies is DEADS: ..\- delay (eg I will drink in an hour or I will decide whether to drink in an hour (or 15 minutes) - the craving will have passed by then but for it's very comforting in that very moment) or ..\- distract (clean a drawer in the kitchen) ..\- escape (remove yourself from the situation - go for a walk or to another room) ..\- accept (cravings are normal in my situation they will pass) ..\- avoid (eg do I have to talk to that person at all? would it be better to write to them? how can I manage the situation better? how can I deflect their criticism? how do I become more assertive? how do I manage conflicts?) ..\- dispute (I want a drink but it won't help because of reasons 1-3872; basically play the tape forward) and ..\- substitute an action ("ok I want a cocktail but I will just have some fruity tea instead to see if it'll do") or ..\- substitute thoughts (swap "this is absolutely unbearable and I've had enough" to calmly and rationally observe "yes it's one of the stronger cravings I've experienced but I'm sure it will pass soon enough. The conversation is over. I'm safe. Everything's good.")
