-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92kmqd/apologies_for_the_title_bowels/

Sorry about this but i am struggling with my bowels since I gave up drinking I am on day 9 now. I have constipation and not much movement at all. I am eating more fruit than I have in years and also trying prunes with natural yoghurt on top. My guts feel very sluggish and full of poo! I am just wondering if others of you have experienced this in the early days and if so how long did it last? Determined to not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
It's common. Drink lots of water take a good probiotic every day and exercise. Soon you will be having champion poops!
Lots of water is right. .I also go on and off of mixing in BeneFiber when I remember to do it and it gets me to the land of Pootopia where I feel glorious poophoria after huge movements. 
The gut bacteria actually all your biome is geared towards processing alcohol now it's gone. I've gotten mine back with IF [intermentent fasting] keto-ish [i cheat with whole fruit] and getting on with a regular life...works but you cannot do this in a week...time is most often overlooked aspect of healing...I went through the exact same thing even your food choices. Also adopting Snake Juice intake was pivotal as I think the excess fluid intake of alcohol leeches  out the mineral content in the organs and brain.
It's like trying to push a large brick through a small letterbox...I found that a box of tissues to wipe away the tears helped...I assumed that alcohol previously irritated the stomach lining and produced excessive mucus but that is only a guess. 
If you can get Yogi teas in your area they have one called Smooth Moove that is extremely effective.  It's also very tasty - if you are tempted to have a second cup...don't!  Trust me on that.  The active ingredient is senna leaf which is really gentle on the system and can help move things along every now and again...I second what others have said about taking a good probiotic staying hydrated and just giving it time.  I think it can take a few weeks for your gut flora to adjust to the absence of alcohol.  I had the same issue the first couple of weeks but that all sorted itself out and I now count good digestion as one of the greatest benefits of sobriety...Wishing you luck and hope you are feeling great again soon!
