-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92lyej/happy_sober_saturday_to_all/

I love sober Saturday mornings.  I'm on my porch with coffee and eggs on toast.  Later I'll take the kids to their sporting events and enjoy the day.  ..I hope everyone is having a wonderful sober Saturday!  And if you are struggling know that a happy peaceful life can be found one day at a time.  IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

You know I think when I'm having an annoying or rough week I should remind myself of Saturday morning coming up. They really are the best. My dog is by my side I have a hot cup of coffee and a relaxing day ahead of me...Coffee cheers to you. iwndwyt
Up early riding bike along ocean instead of sleeping in and heading to a diner for bacon and eggs.
Hiya. I'm laying on my sofa relaxing. Lovely having a hangover free Saturday. Cheers to you too. IWNDWYT:-)
Have a wonderful Saturday! Enjoying coffee here as well. Sending positive vibes for a great weekend. 
Sober Saturdays are the best! Out to lunch with SO yesterday and he had a couple beers. I had selzer with lime. Bullet #1 dodged. Last nite stayed in watched some tube. About 6 pm had a craving for a "mindless" cocktail or two...realized I was just a little bored poured a LaCroix and cranberry and it passed. Bullet #2 dodged. Result: Sober Saturday. Yippee! Thanks SD.
Having coffee and some cookies with the kitties this morning watching the cactus bloom. Happy Saturday to you too!
Happy sober Saturday to you too /u/soberrunner9!  ..Pretty excited to hit up some trails after a fruity breakfast. ..Shine on!    IWNDWYT
Yep huge fan of sober Saturdays. Up early with a cup of coffee watching the morning news ready to spend a full day with the family and do some chores. .You know even more than the hangovers the absence of shame and anxiety is what's changed my life for the better. I used to worry about living a  boring  life and I think I justified my drinking with that... now I've realized nothing compares to a PEACEFUL life. ..Have a good weekend soberrunner!
Sounds like a great day you have planned. Enjoy. IWNDWYT
