-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92t4ji/yesterday_i_went_skydiving_today_i_hit_8_months/

I've changed in so many ways over the past 8 months. My relationship with my partner friends and family have improved. My relationship with myself has done a complete 180. I'm still struggling with some stuff and I've got more healing to do but I'm excited about my future. 3 years ago I was sure I was going to drink myself to death and here I am. I never thought I'd have the balls to jump out of an airplane but I did and loved every freaking second of it. Booked my second jump for September ..It was cathartic in a way. I feel like I was reborn when I was backflipped out of that plane at 13k feet. When my feet landed back on Earth I felt like a snake that had shed it's skin. Like a Phoenix rising from the charred remains of who I used to be. I feel so strong when not so long ago I felt so tiny weak and insignificant. I've touched the sky and it felt like home. I left the old me on that plane and I'm not sad to see her go...When you're in the air there is a nothingness in you and out of that nothingness bliss is born. I haven't felt so alive in a very long time and I wouldn't be here today if I hadn't fought tooth and nail to get better. I've survived through so much suffering but it still took jumping out of a plane to put in perspective how badass I am. I am a survivor of many things and I have no fear left. I left that shit back on that plane at 13 thousand feet. All that's left to do is live joyfully and that's exactly what I plan to do.
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! Keep resetting yr goals ever higher! IWNDWYT 
You are so brave!! And inspiring in how you left your old baggage on that plane...I have a question about the actual jump: did your stomach totally drop at first or no because you didn't jump all the way down at once? What does it feel like right after you jump? I would love to have the cojones to do that but even roller coasters make my stomach drop and scare the crap out of me.
Oh my god!! That's sounds amazing! I'd be way too scared to do a sky dive! The way you described it is incredible I love the idea of you leaving your old self on the plane and I'm happy to hear how much better your life has been sober. Congrats on 8 months what an achievement :)
You are definitely a badass!..Not sure which is the most impressive feat: 8 months alcohol free or jumping out of a plane.  :)..Congrats!
What an awesome read! So happy for you you kick ass!! IWNDWYT 
