-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92ulys/my_mom_is_out_to_visit_last_years_version_vs_this/

I live a few states away from my hometown so I don't see my parents very often. Every year my mom comes out for a couple weeks in the summer around my daughter's birthday to just hang out with her. I usually don't take more than a couple days off work - this is really about grandma/grandmother bonding. ..I was never a daily drinking so last year I got wasted all alone midweek the night before she arrived (obviously a raging hangover is the way to start any family visit) with the hopes that it would  hold me over  while she was out. ..Maybe five days later I was crawling out of my skin. I bought a bottle of wine to put on the counter like a regular person and two of those 4-glass juiceboxes to hide in my room and supplement with. That night I had the 8 secret glasses from my two mini wine boxes plus a glass and a half of the Proper Adult Bottle. I hated the hiding but I needed to be drunk. I was just not going to make it if I didn't get my release. ..I white knuckled it the rest of her visit. We really do get along well but you know life was sooooo stressful... work feeding an extra person etc. Obviously anyone in my shoes would need a drink right?..When she left I got wasted midweek again to  treat myself  and  unwind. ..My mom is out again right now. Yesterday we spent 12 hours constructing a built in closet system for my daughter. It was hot physical labor. But I didn't get frustrated or feel the need to check out. I slept like a log and now I'm the only one awake and I'm sipping coffee on the couch while listening to little birds chirp outside the window. It's a gorgeous day and I have no desire whatsoever to check out from this life. I'm looking forward to when my mom and daughter wake up and we can have a fun day together. I'm not even dreading tomorrow because even Mondays suck so much less now. ..Today is Day 300. Life is so much better than Day -65. ..If you're struggling keep up the fight. The payoff is so worth it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! Being a sober mom (and daughter) is the best feeling in the world! What a great comparison you have! Amazing job. 
Lovely post...it's amazing what we can do and see without alcohol .... well done x
how nice! happy 300 :) Enjoy the family time and iwndwyt.
Outstanding!
Thank you for the post and the inspiration! 
Congrats on 300 days!  I can totally relate to the getting through a family visit just waiting til they leave so I can drink "normally" again.  Ugh.  Life is better without alcohol. IWNDWYT
Awesome post!
