-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92utva/update_friend_left_12_dollars_of_alcohol_at_my/

Hey everyone...I posted this story last week but I'll rehash it quickly.  My friend stayed the weekend last week and brought a full bottle of 750 ML bacardi (only worth 12-13 dollars) that he didn't get around to drinking.  I was 10 days sober at the time and I told him NOT to leave it at my house because I don't want to have an easy opportunity to drink and it's triggering this early on.  I told him multiple times to not forget to take it.  He left it and I poured it out...He came back over last night to go to a concert.  Right before we were about to leave he opens the fridge and sees the bottle gone and screams at me  WHERE IS THE BACARDI?    Dude... I told you I'm 20 days sober right now and I can't have alcohol in the house... I almost relapsed and drank it I had to throw it out. ..He has a temper tantrum and tells me I owe him 20 dollars because  it was one of those big liters .   No... it was a cheap fifth.  If you're really upset over the money I'll give you the 13 dollars... but I told you multiple times and common sense why would you leave it here?    I couldn't take it with me   you could have put it in your trunk .  I was just trying to keep it cold here so I could drink it before the concert.  Dude im so fucking pissed I legitimately thought you were joking when you said you poured it out. ..He then ignores me on the entire way to the concert.  When we're waiting in line he goes off on another rant:. You have no self control.  You really had to pour it out?  You couldn't just make the choice?  Out 20 dollars because of you. ..I'm a grown man and I was in public and I started tearing up and crying in front of everyone and told him  look I'll pay you back whatever you think I owe you but you don't realize how hard it was for me to get this far without drinking and as a friend my heart is broken that you care more about a bottle of cheap rum than my sobriety.  All my time is spent focusing on sobriety.  Even coming to this concert with you while you and everyone around us is drinking beer is a challenge. ..He still gave me shit about it then didn't talk to me at the concert.  He left me in the crowd and got like 5 beers.  He was nicer to me after the show but for the rest of the night continuously brought it up...He spent the night and I have been up all morning crying feeling really confused and heartbroken that he is so angry towards me.  This is my best friend.  He's never been so cold to me or did anything that has upset me like this...Really sad
----------immediate responses--------

It's really shitty that your friend was tore up about such a small thing for him and a big thing for you. ..I believe you got it in ya to stay sober.
I'm so sorry. It sounds like he has a lot of work to do on himself as well. That was extremely careless of him to do in the first place. If he wants to let your friendship go over 13 bucks maybe he's not such a good friend after all. 
I am really proud and happy that you managed to stay sober and did what you had to do. ..I don't really get why your friend was so angry and mean that's not a response you'll expect from an adult let alone your best friend. I can definitely relate that you are very hurt and disappointed. ..Maybe you can talk about it with your friend in a couple of days when your and his emotions have leveled out? ..Best of luck and IWDWYT.
I don't think I'd consider that person a friend after the way they treated you over such a petty thing. Real friends are there for you and support you they don't belittle you and tear you down. I'm sorry that your "friend" treated you this way...I think it's important to re-evaluate who you hang out with when making a big change like getting sober because it's not going to be helpful in the long run hanging around your drinking buddies. ..Good job on 20 days!
That's just bad he looses it after you said "take it"..It is so disrespectful.  I don't allow booze in my home thats why my mom hasn't been asked to visit.
Is this a friend that you'd usually drink with? What's the age range here? My best friend and I are around/in our thirties. We spent our twenties drinking and cutting up and it was always us and alc everyone would ask us where the other was when we were apart and we always brought beer with us.. everywhere! We fed off of each other and pushed each other to drink. Now we're both sober in our real adult lives he is married and we live oceans apart but still talk every day. ..My point is perhaps he was less worried about the money and more upset he lost his best drinking partner? Just a thought that the money might be an excuse to lash out about his best drinking mate going sober and leaving him on his own.. maybe it isn't that but I'd very seriously doubt he was bitching that much over $13 especially when you tried to repay it. Perhaps a nice calm discussion with him about it sober on both ends for some clarity. 
:( That's really mean. I hope he comes around. Good for you for being strong.
Give him twenty dollars and tell him to go away. Lose his phone number don't even respond...You don't need this BS right now.
It does sound strange that your best friend is acting like this I'm sorry you're going through this while you're trying to be sober. Could be he resentful of your sobriety? And it sounds like he was nice after the concert cause he was probably drunk. If this was me i would take some space from this friend for a moment especially if I'm dealing with my own troubles and sobriety too. $12 over some booze is not worth flipping out on your friend over. Hopefully he'll apologize to you but even if he doesn't just keep on your course and know you're doing the best thing for yourself. Good luck! Hope it gets better! 
I'd cut that person out of my life immediately tbh. Sorry he was such a piece of shit. 
Uh. Fuck that guy. 
I think he's upset because you've stopped drinking and that means that he might have a drinking problem and he might get left behind. ..Or he's always a jackass and you didn't notice because you were drinking.  ..Either way good for you for staying strong in a really shitty situation. 
I am SO sorry this happened to you! Seriously my heart hurts... you are doing the right thing and you have nothing to apologize for. Your friend likely has a fractured/dependent relationship like we do (based on his reaction and his outburst is deeply hurtful and unfair. Don't take it personally and know if he is a TRUE friend he will apologize one day (hopefully when he himself is in recovery). You should be proud you don't base the nights happiness level on the contents of a bottle. Always a good reminder to see those who do for what they truly are in that moment: nothing I want to be.
I am so sorry. You said exactly the right things. It's incredibly depressing because I *believe* him that all he thought about was that he'd have cold convenient alcohol and none of your important reasons and words mattered at all. It just feels unbelievably selfish. And I would feel crushed as well. It sounds like your very good communication reached him a little but the slowness of the learning curve is exhausting. I hope he takes some time to reflect and I am sending you hugs today. You were really strong and this is hard. &lt;3
Back in my drinking days there was a simple rule: if you left alcohol at someone else's house for 24+ hours then you lost ownership of it...I don't know your friend but I've been trying to slowly eliminate toxic relationships in my life. My SO was drinking right in front of me and said with an annoyed tone "I don't feel bad drinking in front of you because you hung out with two friends last week that drank in front of you." This is part of the reason we don't live together anymore. I spend less and less time around any amount of alcohol and would never let someone leave alcohol at my place. I would have either dumped it out or chucked it outside in the yard. Our sobriety is the most important thing.
Congratulations on your sober Progress!  ..Sorry to hear about this sad situation...Alcohol routinely brings out the Asshole in People...This certainly sounds like one of those instances...My "friends" respect me.  They don't have to "like" my personal decisions.  However I don't accept judgmental commentary about my personal choices...I have three choices:  accept their behavior tolerate their behavior or remove myself from them...I gave up alcohol because I no longer was willing to accept drama and chaos tears resentments irritation hurt feelings and anger...If I am experiencing those symptoms they indicate to me that I was confused about our "friendship"...
your friend sounds like a twat.
You told him not to leave it there and he did anyway. What happened to the alcohol is on him. It's not your job to be available as a storage location for him to leave his stashes at. .Why he's reacting so strongly though is probably more emotionally complicated as other commenters have picked up on. He's afraid. He thought he was calling your bluff by leaving the booze there. He underestimated you. And now he's reckoning with the fact that his drinking buddy has a problem. .Sorry this happened to you. I hope he can take your decision seriously and be a good friend to you if that's what you want. But he may not be ready to be that friend. We all need to figure these things out on our own time. .Congrats on sobriety and on the strength it took to throw that booze out! 
When I drink I care more about the booze then any relationship in my life.  I can totally see myself having been your friend.  I'm sorry you had to deal with it.  IWNDWYT.
It's very common that when you change the focus of your life towards healthy change your friendships will change. It's only logical that being sober will attract a different kind of person and experience around you and repel those from before. ..Perhaps your friend belongs to your pre-sobriety era and needs to stay there. Others with more empathy towards you will come along trust me. ..
Unfortunately in sobriety we find out who our friends are. I know it hurts but is good for our growth to find this out...A real friend would have listened &amp; supported you &amp; not used your home as a storage unit for what's kryptonite to you &amp; not gotten mad about his right to.
Hey man.  All the emotion is about more than this one little spat.  I think you're mourning the loss of alcohol and having a realization that being sober will throw many wrenches in many gears with your drinking buddies.  Also seriously FUCK that guy.  Any remotely good person would be like  oh dang!  Sorry I left that here! 
Fuck that dude. 
Real friends might be a little shocked/ disappointed when you're their drinking buddy but will support you. 
I'm really sorry this is happening ..Disengage. You do not owe this man anything money or your time 
Sounds like your sobriety is causing him to be extremely insecure about his own drinking which should probably be a wake up call for him. I'm sorry he's treating you like this though it hurts no matter what the reason. 
Tell that  friend' to suck your fucking dick .It's your house not his storage. He disrespected you then acted like you're the asshole. He is an absolute piece of fucking shit. Fuck that dude. Get your fucking self respect back and stick up for yourself.
I'm so sorry that you're hurting. He's you're best friend so I know why you don't want to kick him to the curb.  I hope that he comes around and realizes what a dick he was. 
good job staying sober bro. some people can't handle it when others quit they feel pressured or threatened maybe because they feel they can't quit who knows...quitting does start to separate the wheat from the chaff as far as friends go. if the friendship really depended on alcohol it couldn't be too deep. if this is not the case your friend will come around and accept that you've quit...stay strong don't let this influence you one iota. 
I'm really sorry that happened to you. That guy is not a true friend if he's treating you like that during the really difficult early days of your sobriety. A true friend would be supporting you all the way. I hope you feel better soon and you enjoyed the concert and congrats on making it to 20 days
[removed]
I'm sorry you had to experience that. Anyone that selfish isn't a very good friend and the further into sobriety you venture the more you'll realize who your true friends are. I lost a lot of "friends" when I got sober and while it was super painful looking back on it those friends weren't conducive to my sobriety. Had I remained close with many of them I probably wouldn't have my sobriety or the life I have today. .You should be VERY proud of yourself for having the strength and the courage to not only get sober but to make a solid effort to remain that way. .As for the crying and emotions it's okay to feel. One thing we alcoholics do is numb ourselves with alcohol. You're going to feel A LOT of emotions especially in early sobriety. Let yourself feel. It's all about finding new ways to cope. .Hang in there because it does get better. It's not always rainbows and unicorns but it does get better. I believe in you! .IWNDWYT 
This is what I did and it may sound extreme but it was so helpful. Delete everyone in your Contacts. Every single one. From now on people have to earn their way into your contacts. Anyone who doesn't support your sobriety isn't ready to be your friend.
Your house your fridge your rules. Your friend can go fuck himself. 
This guy is your friend. I don't think he's upset about the bottle. I think he is upset that he lost his favorite drinking buddy. Right now it's probably best to change playmates and playgrounds. ..I strongly suggest AA. For me being around other people in real life who have similar struggles helps tremendously. If you try it with an open mind and it's still not your thing just hang around this community. ..When you get some sober time and you get yourself sorted you could slowly eek your way back into the old circle but you have to remember that sober people to drunk people are like kryptonite to superman. They will project on you. ..Anyway you have a home here this world isn't safe but us sober people have to stick together so this sub and AA are the safest spaces we have. Good luck hang in there it gets better. I'm 440 days sober today and I wouldn't trade my worst day sober for my best day drunk. 
A lot of things have to change when you get sober including friends. I had to break up with my best friend and get DIVORCED to get clean but it was life or death and I chose life. Years later I found out my ex best friend died of a drug overdose. Her funeral was the saddest thing I've experienced because she didn't have to die she could have come with me but she went the other way. Don't let this person kill you. Good luck we support you. 
I'd never be an asshole like that but I know I'd be pissed if I couldn't get my buzz on...I don't want to project so I'm not going to that just gave me memories of how i felt when someone messed with my alcohol
You're really courageous and I truly admire you for pouring out that bottle. My first thought was that maybe he's struggling with wanting to stop drinking too and you being successful at it so far inspires feelings of self-loathing and he unjustly took it out on you. I'm just spit balling here but I think if he's your best friend it's probably a little more complicated than  he's an asshole and not really a friend. 
Is there a sign on your house that says Bacardi storage unit?  No?  Then you don't have to store alcohol there...If it were me I'd pay him 20 bucks and say have a nice life.  Not because I actually owed him anything just so he has no reason to talk to me or about me anymore.
I'm so sorry that's really rough. Take pride in the fact that even in the face of this stress you are still able to abstain from drinking. Your friend seems to have a problem and is probably bitter at the fact that you are changing and he's not. I know it's really hard not to but don't take it personally- it's his problem he's dealing with not yours. Stay strong! IWNDWYT 
That person isn't your friend.
I'm so sorry but I am so proud of you. To be 10 days sober and be able to pour that booze out - that is a freaking great accomplishment and you should be proud of yourself. As for your "friend" - unfortunately it sounds like he values alcohol more than your friendship. He treated you terribly and I wouldn't be friends with him anymore. Friends lift you up not tear you down. You deserve better than him. 
I had to change peoples places and things to maintain my sobriety. I don't think you did anything wrong and you have to look out for yourself first. 
Seriously fuck that guy. I would have to separate myself from this person. Maybe one day he'll face his own demons emphasis on *his*. I personally would "break up with him" with kindness as you would in an amicable romantic split. It's self-preservation. Oh and about you having no self-control...I hated myself for drinking but I would walk over to my mom's apartment and open the fridge half knowing there was a bottle of wine in it. I'd quickly pour a glass and throw it back I could stop myself then say aloud "what is wrong with me?" It's a compulsion. And I'm sure your friend might experience this overwhelming feeling if he tried to stop with alcohol still in his face.  Keep it up...IWNDWYT .. Sarah
I just had a friend level *several* bottles of wine in our little vintage fridge claiming 'he'd drink them when he came back in a few weeks'. The night before he told me on my way to bed 'I won't tell if you sneak a drink of that Choco Vin it's delicious'. ..I texted him the next day that my sobriety is not a joke.  Would he leave smack lying around at a recovering heroin addicts house?  Of course not.   He responded wounded defensively of course.  But he got the message. ..My friend is genuinely a good person that is a big fan of practical jokes and other immature humor.  He is not alcoholic and without having it spelled out for him literally doesn't understand what it is like to be alcoholic.  I preserved the friendship and my sobriety but risked the former to save the latter.  Everything hinges on my sobriety.  If I lose that I lose the friendship anyway. ..
He's not your best friend anymore. It's hard to let go of a best friend...I've had to do it but it was necessary.
I'm only 10 days in and I'm really 50:50 on whether or not I could have handled having that there without giving in. If it was open already I probably would have and that would lead to probably a week-long relapse and feeling really sick and having to start over again. How could a true friend have forced that risk on you? You are fucking STRONG because you didn't give in and it sounds like (despite your many warnings) he left it there on purpose for his own convenience. He risked your health and your sobriety and everything else that comes with alcoholic behavior for his own convenience. What a tool.....Don't let that idiot bring you down saying it's all about self-control he has no freaking CLUE what he's talking about. If the guy has a normal relationship with alcohol asking him to abstain at certain times for your health is not asking that much. Asking him not to leave entire bottles of booze at your place is REALLY not asking that much. And him freaking out over-inflating the price and demeaning you... this guy is not a friend...You are strong you made the right choice for you and you've almost got a whole month! If your friend can't support that then he can go find other people to be selfish self-centered and rude to. Ugh... that guy makes me real mad...
I'm so sorry.  What a terrible way to treat a friend.  Way to go for staying sober. 
You do have self-control. You asked for it not to be in your house. when he didn't listen you didn't drink it but instead poured it out. Great job. You did the right thing. I think your friend is dealing with his own baggage on this one.
You did the right thing. I think he's upset because you're moving forward and he's feeling left behind. Misery loves company. Hopefully he'll come around and confront his own issues. You keep on!
To be honest your "friend" sounds like kind of a douche bag even if you weren't sober. Its an easily replacable 12 dollar item. Add to that the fact that you're trying to get sober and explained that to him and he still acted like a child. Sounds like his priorities are in the shitter if his booze is of more importance than a friend's health and well being. Personally I think I'd pretty much end the friendship.
You made the right choice. Not worth throwing away your sobriety over someone else being selfish and awful. As other people have said he does not seem like a friend. And if he's that preoccupied with alcohol I'd guess he likely has a problem and your sobriety is making him examine himself. Great job on staying sober!
He doesn't seem like a very good friend to me but maybe he just doesn't understand what you are going through in terms of trying to quit drinking and how hard it is to have alcohol in the house. 
That blows.  I'm sorry he treated you that way.  People really don't get it until they go through it I think.  Perhaps one day he will understand.  So many things about alcohol can really turn people into jerks.  ..Good job for pouring it out.  I'm sorry he had a fit but that was your right.  Standing up for yourself and your boundaries is a really big step.  People may have a hard time respecting them but staying strong and not giving in is important.  Way to go!
What a shot thing to do. If he continues to act this way you sadly might have to move on from this friendship. I am truly sorry.
To get that upset over alcohol might be a strong indication that they might have a problem as well. 
I'd also say that your friends that are actively alcoholic and have developed a dependency on your friendship to help them 'make being a drunk fun justifiable cool etc' will often react violently against your sobriety.  It doesn't mean they don't love you but they aren't really the one at the steering wheel so to speak.  Unfortunately it still sucks it incredibly threatens your sobriety and if they continue drinking to get drunk you probably can't have them in your daily (weekly? monthly?) life anyway.  Sobriety isn't necessarily about stepping into the golden light of a better life.  It often starts out losing who you were who you thought you were who your friends thought you were and who your friends are in the process and all of that is typically really painful.  The alternative is a bad death while drunk.
I'd take it as a good indicator for how much your friend is invested in your sobriety and to be honest it's a good lesson as well on how it's your sobriety and yours alone....
Well done staying strong and pouring out the rum. Fuck him if hes really that upset over $15 worth of shitty rum. I'd pay him $30 to never talk to me again because this guy is toxic and wont be good for your sobriety going forward. If he is a good friend I dont think you would be in this situation because a good friend would NEVER do that. My friends have been nothing but supportive toward me and I dont think I'd have gotten this far without them supporting me especially at concerts and baseball games. Good luck and stay strong IWNDWYT
Back in the day we (best buddy and I) had a spoken rule about leaving alcohol or beer behind. If you left beer it's fair game. If you left liquor you had 24 hours to claim it - either call/text - or pick it up. We'd buy so much and others would bring shit over too we never finished it. One time I left a half gal of expensive gin at his place forgot all about it. Next time I went over a few weeks later I asked about it. It was gone he cited the rule I shrugged my shoulders and accepted it. He did buy me a replacement because he wasn't a dick and it it's never been about money between us. He's my buddy and that came first. Now when I visit him he makes sure to stock crazy (i.e. Kim Jong un THE BOMB LEMONADE) sodas water tea etc. if someone offers me a drink he'll casually say something about the imported soda and how I need to finish that first. We've been friends 30 years I'm 35. That's how a friend should act. 
If he's angry about twelve dollars of alcohol he's an idiot and probably has alcohol issues himself. 
If a friend is willing to lose you over $13 let them. They aren't that good a friend anyway. He sounds like someone who hangs out cause it's an opportunity to drink rather than actually wanting to spend time. Let him find someone else to leave his shitty rum with. I'm proud of you for not drinking. IWNDWYT 
Find a new friend 
Even if it was $20 what a prick. ..First he brought alcohol to your house. When adults bring wine or something for a party it's tacky as hell to take it home after. It should be considered a gift imo and you can pour it out if you damn well please. ..Second this person didn't act like a friend. He acted like a cheap asshole. ..Third congrats on getting this far with so much enabling and abuse from your friend. ..IWNDWYT!.
12 bucks? I'd shake that  friend  right off. IWNDWYT 
What an utter asshole.  ...IWNDWYT
Great work on 20 days! That's a long time for someone that has trouble controlling alcohol...As far as your friend he's probably just 1) worrying about his own relationship with alcohol or 2) being selfish about how your newfound sobriety will change his relationship with you...None of my best friends acted like this when I got sober. Those that did act like this quickly chose to not be my  friend  anymore. In all cases where my drinking buddies cut ties with me it was for my betterment and allowed me to move on with my continued focus on what was best for my health and my overall life...Let if play out and don't let this current situation bum you out so much that it jeopardizes your sobriety or makes you cynical about your real friends.
No friend acts that way towards another friend. Sounds like that person is their own enemy and in no position to better themself let alone NOT harm you. Fuck that guy and you fucking go OP. IWNDWYT 
If he's a friend you gained through your shared love of drinking maybe he's not even capable of being a a true friend yet alone a good friend. If it hadn't of been because of both of your shared love for alcohol and he's a drinking buddy I think you should let him go. Part of being sober is breaking free of any bad influences or people that won't be good for your sobriety. Sobriety can be about leaving behind a lot more than just alcohol
Thank you for visiting and I'm impressed you poured that out.  Alcohol is a terrible friend and it sounds like you're getting rid of two of those right now...Don't be a stranger here!  I'll be sober with you today 
He sounds like a right cunt 
Fuck that guy 
What a bitch. Fuck him. He did you a favor. 
He is not your friend. Period.
 You need to focus on you. The energy you are wasting on this lost cause does you more harm than good. To me it appears that this person is using you and that is abusive behavior. Cut the cord and hold your head high. Move on. I'm sorry that you had to go thru this. Love hurts but you are not alone on your journey. I stand with you. IWNDWYT 
Idiot(s)
Your friend is an asshat
When I really quit drinking I had to stop getting together with my friends. There was always alcohol involved. It sucked but it was a necessary step.
Give yourself credit for several things. ..First of all you didn't drink and you did the right thing for yourself and your sobriety by pouring it out. ..You were reasonable and rational about how you handled it. You even offered to pay the guy back even if he shouldn't have left it there in the first place. As difficult as the situation was you were trying to minimize conflict and be a good friend. ..You're gaining insight. You learn a lot by getting sober. I hate to say it but I've lost friends and have grown apart from people as a result of getting sober. I'm on a different path than a lot of other people. You see that this person is putting their own selfish needs before your sobriety. You're understandably hurt that a friend undermines your commitment to sobriety and even insults and criticizes your effort. It's eye-opening to find out who will walk this path with you and who won't. Give yourself credit for having your eyes open. ..My only suggestion is to find people that are on the same path whether it's through AA or some other group. It makes a huge difference to know you're not alone. And even if you meet a friend or two (or more!) that you can confide in that understand your struggle firsthand that have the same goal of staying sober I promise it will help. 
I reckon he wanted you to drink it and be back to 'normal' with him :-(
Dude....just dude... Fuck that person. That is no friend. First of all the fact that you told him to not forget to take it multiple times. As soon as you told him once that should be enough for any true friend to understand why you threw it out. You warned him and he made a mistake and left it there. It sucks but it's his fault. The fact that he railed on you all night at the concert and made you get emotional and didn't back off is wayyy too much. That person is not a friend.
give him 13 bucks and tell him to shut up about it then just let some time pass. its not necessarily worth never talking to him again about this if hes ur best friend. sometimes you have to be friends with mildly assholish people or else youll have no friends instead. he prob just totally lacks a frame of reference for alcoholism and is ignorant about it
I'm not sure he's your friend.  At all.
Your friend is behaving like a total dick. If I had to guess I'd say he is acting out because he's upset that you're changing and what it might mean for his drinking and your friendship. Whatever the reason it sucks he's acting like that when you need him to be there for you instead. Fantastic job not drinking and doing what you need to do for your sobriety.
I'm proud of you for staying strong.  Your friend is not a very good friend at all.
That guy sucks so bad!  First of all even if you weren't trying to get sober he is a complete and utter tool.   He lies and says that it is a much bigger bottle? Not only is that lying that is trying to milk more money out of a friend.  Second his saying you have no self control is a very very personal attack esp. by a friend.  Believe me you have self control.  If you didn't you would have made an excuse as to why you should not pour out that bottle.  Third and last you told him... he doesn't respect you to listen to your wishes and treats your home as though he can do whatever he wants with it... Fuck this guy.  Get rid of him he will not help with your sobriety.  One of the best ways to help sobriety is to adjust the people you hang out with... those that just want to get fucked up.. and thats when you typically hangout... those 'friends' have to go... immediately.
Buy the alcohol back for them and call them a bitch after. 
You did a great job. I'm impressed with your maturity at 23. The way you laid out your perspective and told him what's what. Congrats on the 20 days that really is something. As others have said he's mad that he didn't get to drink before the concert and has nothing to do with the money. He might feel left behind in your sobriety. If you decide to keep his friendship (I dont know why) you should be careful around him because he will be a trigger to drink. Good luck yogibear keep this sober train moving.
what a shitty friend he was to you that night. i am really sorry to hear that. it's so hurtful but i am really amazed and proud that you stood strong and explained to him honestly why you did what you did. i would have bailed so many times during that evening so massive props to you for toughing it out...to be totally fair i was a total asshole when i was drinking. alcohol was more precious than anything and if anyone attempted to limit my drinking in any way or touch any of my alcohol which was very meticulously apportioned in my mind (like even sharing wine used to make me twitch - what if someone is drinking more of it than me) i would not be a nice person about it. i think his reaction speaks volume about his own relationship with alcohol and tells you more than he wants or is ready to reveal about his drinking. ..not that that excuses his behaviour at all. he was a total cock. try not to be sad though because chances are he probably went home and cried about his own weakness over the stuff and is envious of your honesty and strength. ..big hugs to you. i am not drinking with you today. 
He sounds a bit like an asshole. He'd rather be mad about 13$ than be understanding and supportive? This might be a moment to reevaluate why you're friends with this person and have a conversation with him about how serious this is for you. ..Your sobriety is more important to you than $13. Its too bad your friend doesnt feel the same way. 
This makes me so angry for you.  That's awful he treated you that way.  I hope at some point he realizes how shitty of a friend he was.  I'm happy you kept your sobriety intact throughout this.  IWNDWYT!
There's nothing I can add that hasn't already been said. It's a hard realization that some of your  best friends  were nothing more than a  drinking buddy ...I'm sorry that you're going through this it really sucks...Stay strong and don't lose sight of what is best for you! IWNDWYT
He's not your friend. Bottom line. Maybe he can be someday but those who won't fight with you when you are struggling are not friends. 
I loan asshole friends $20 in the hopes that they never pay back but feel guilty enough about it that they don't hang around me anymore...I don't know why I thought of that.  For some reason it came to mind...
Give him his $20 and send him on his way. 
a real friend would be happy you threw it out. 
I agree completely. 
It sucks they care more about a maybe 20 dollar bottle than your sobriety   sorry my friend. But way to go on staying strong 
He is NOT your friend. He is toxic too you. If you want to be successful in your stopdrinking you need to part ways with him. ..Harsh truth but it's reality. 
Q0
What concert did you go see? Lol
He's not your friend. You should be glad he isn't because he's a prick. Cut him loose. 
He knows not what he does dude. Shit he might be an alcoholic as well. Nobody gets between an alcoholic and his/her booze. Maybe if he let his life go all to shit and then tried to quit he would understand. I wouldn't take it personal. It's probably just ignorance.
Bit of a spoiled brat isn't he?  Some people just don't get it about sobriety.
He wants you to start drinking again. Plain and simple. 
Ah my friend. We make mistakes or deny being an alcoholic at some point in our lives. I would best steer away and give my friend little distance and slow responses in texts and phone calls. Keep conversations simple to show you are standing in your group. You did nothing wrong and you deserve not to be treated this way. Your friend might know you for a long time but it's time to stand your ground for what you believe in. Only your friend can man up and make it up to you. If not that's on him because you did nothing wrong but trying to become a healthier person yourself. Hang in there and please don't relapse. Hugs
Your friend is at best immature.  You asked him not to leave the bottle.  He did it anyway.  Then he was emotionally abusive when you exercised your right to throw out a dangerous item in your home.  Then he ruined your time at the concert by continuing to harass you about a $20 item.  I'm not seeing friendship or love in his actions.  
What an asshole! You can make better friends. 
You said you didn't want it around and it was a problem and he didn't give one shit about that. Then he yelled at you and was a dick when it's been made clear that you are struggling. ..Dude thought nothing of your struggle. Think on that a little. .I cut people who don't have my best interests in mind. Not with a knife or anything just out of my sphere. 
It sounds like he has a problem himself and he's mad at the fact you are changing. It probably makes him feel insecure and is acting out childishly rather than dealing with his own issues. ..Congratulations on 20 days!
This person is not a friend. He's a man child.
Major evidence that your buddy doesn't get it.  At all.
I didn't even read your post but from the headline if you stay sober you and that person aren't going to be friends forever. Sober people and people that lose their shit over $12 worth of alcohol don't mix.
I'm amazed you even allowed him to stay at your place after the show.  Just wow.  You sound like a great person and even better friend.  If I was in your shoes I'd cut that dude out of my life.  Cutting toxic people out of my life has honestly been one of the most important steps in my journey in sobriety.  
No one needs a friend who is disrespectful and unsupportive. Keep away from these sorts to keep your sobriety.
U should kill him
You keep calling this person a "friend" when he is being everything but. IWNDWYT.
I would've broken down too. It's hard enough trying to stay sober. But your best friend?? This seems like  no going back to the way things were before  territory. I'm sorry to hear that this happened to you. But you shared your feelings didn't drink and stayed strong. You did well.
Proud of you man!  Those first days/weeks are the hardest.  Good on you staying strong!  Btw who's the band?  I got to meet and then get tattooed by and then meet again my favorite singer.  Best feeling ever to have a moment with a musician you love!
Congrats on 20 days! You do you anybody who gets in the way of that can fuck right off. 
I had someone leave a growler of beer in my fridge the week I quit drinking too!  Maybe it was the last failed attempt before I really quit I don't recall. The point is they did it the very night I told them I was quitting drinking. It was kind of the last straw from that person for me although I think they were just self-absorbed not actively trying to sabotage me. ..I poured it down the drain and the next time the guy was at my house he went straight for my fridge looking for his beer! At least he didn't freak out when I told him I poured it down the drain but still I was not real happy about this.
That is a great update!
You have self control and you proved it by pouring it out.  Way to go!
sometimes we need to purge people out of our lives in addition to our vices..  ..if he cannot support you in this honestly you need to step back ..  you  think he really couldnt take the liquor with him? i dont..perhaps he feels judged by your sobriety ( all him nothing to do with you).....a real friend wouldn't prioritise $20 of alcohol over your health.....
If this guy was really that upset about it he might have a problem but it doesn't involve you. 
If he doesn't apologize and come from a place that's more understanding within a few days you need to cut him out of your life for now. ..Regardless of being best friends and the history. That mentality he has the ability to put that much stress and guilt on you and not think of your struggles is a relapse waiting it happen.  ..I'm 27 and all my friends use. If they weren't respectful of the boundaries I made I cut them out. Sobriety has to be the number one priority. I'm making new sober friends as the day goes on. ..Sorry you went through this stressful time. Keep up the good fight. ..
This guy does not sound like a friend. I unfortunately had a similar experience with someone about a month ago...I'm glad you had a fun time at the concert though!
As they say in the meetings:New playgrounds new playthings new playmates. You aren't losing much is someone values a bottle of booze more than their relationship with you. The guy sounds like a dick..On the other hand cowboy up bro. Don't let yourself get this mauled up by somebody being an asshole. There are a lot of them out there he isn't gonna be the last one you cross paths with.
Holy shit. Congrats on meeting the singer! That's awesome!!..Also about your friend a lot of people will say  find new friends . Well I wouldn't advise doing that quite yet. In my opinion I would give it a few days and bring up how much it hurt you. Maybe a few days time will let him think about it from your perspective. And depending on his reaction you can do what you need to do
He sounds like a cunt 
this guy sounds like he sucks. he yelled at you? what a dweeb. i won't drink with you buddy 
What kind of loser? I mean even as an alcoholic I have always known that booze you leave at other people's house is fair game for them to do whatever with. And they are especially not a friend considering you told them explicitly that you are quitting drinking and can't have alcohol in the house. Like their behavior is wrong on so many levels. I hope you find better friends in the future.  
Damn you pours out alcohol at 20 day! Amazing feat! 
Do people post these looking for smpathy 
He is not your friend. To him you are a convenience nothing more. A REAL friend would not put alcohol in your grasp if he knew you were having problems. A real friend would not keep hammering on the 20$ after you explained your reasons and a real friend DEFINITELY would not keep it up until you were crying in front of people and then dump you... Fuck him. You deserve better friends.
You told him multiple times you warned him. Can't be mad about $12.
Sometimes you just have to let things go in life and this friend might be one of them.  The level of immaturity is really extreme!  You are 100% right in this situation.  IWNDWYT
Personally  I'm done with people like that. Hopefully your friend gets some help for his addiction problem and his anger.
&gt;  You have no self control. You really had to pour it out? You couldn't just make the choice? Out 20 dollars because of you. ..This is the sort of person in your recovery it's best to just not be around. When you're recovering understanding who is toxic and who is supportive is incredibly important. Those who are ignorant you can spend time trying to educate them once you're more comfortable in your skin but focusing on yourself right now is the most important thing. ..The same attitude is there with Demi Lovato right now those endlessly making fun of her and saying she deserved it for making a "choice." These are the types of people it's not good to be around because they don't honestly care if you relapse and don't really care to understand your struggle. I hate giving advice because everyone's struggle is different but cutting contact with enablers and toxic people is never a bad idea.
