-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92xao7/need_encouragement/

I've struggled with binge drinking for a couple of years.  Never a daily drinker but every 5-7 days I can't seem to stay away from taking that first drink which turns into many (8-10).  ..Last Friday was no different.  Now I'm on day 2 again and Im so incredibly anxious.  Worried about my health worried I'm in a trap I'll never get out of and worried about worrying.  I've had period of 60 days sober about 3 months ago and I felt great!  I desperately want to get there again but for some reason I can't get past that 7 day hurdle.  ..Just needed to get this out...  Thanks!  
----------immediate responses--------

You've got to really want to stop. Sounds obvious but for years I was the person you've just described. Think about how you felt during your time sober and when you feel like drinking try to think forward to how you will feel the next day. 
Hiya. Well you are two days sober and that is a good start. I find staying connected to this sub really helps me to focus on my sobriety. I think it's true you really have to want it. IWNDWYT:-)
You had 60 days? That's great! Then you know that this is possible. I had to challenge myself to get over that standard relapse time - every two weeks - and figure out why I fell and what I could do - and not do! - to avoid it. Do you see any pattern or typical traps or triggers that make it difficult for you?..You know you can do this! Stay strong I will not drink with you today! 
Something that has worked for me in the past is writing down all those anxieties and negative feelings you're having right now. As you keep have new ones add those to the list. Keep that list on you - I keep mine in the notes section in my phone so I've almost always got it with me. When that urge to drink creeps into your head read that list. That might make your decision to drink or not a little easier.
Don't be too hard on yourself.  You are doing better than you were and have time under your belt.  Try to push it to ten days and then more from there.  I have learned to look at the big picture instead of hating myself for slipping up..IWNDWYT.
