-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/92zzsj/week_3_4_update/

Hello guys :)..Here's an update on my progress since I started actively making effort regarding my alcohol problem..Here my first post if you didn't see it.https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8z82hf/my_imperfect_yet_encouraging_last_2_weeks/?utm_source=reddit-android..So the past 2 weeks have been good..I was very busy at work doing very long days lots of overtime. It was hard but since I didn't drink had no hangover i handled it fine.How did I make it when I was drinking myself to sleep everyday and feeling like sh** every morning.. Crazy..I keep exercising almost every other day my sleep is better and better. I eat healthier too no more random things to stuff myself and try to get better when hangovered...BUT yeah there is a but I did had some drinks..On the 3rd saturday we had dinner outside with my wife and had a couple of drinks (my wife doesnt have a problem btw). After coming home had a couple more beers. Nothing crazy but still..I dont remember feeling bad on sunday and had a productive day...Last week there was a work outing with the whole staff I didnt want to go cause I had a long day already and wanted the evening for myself. Furthermore i knew everybody was gonna drink a lot that I would be pressured by older colleagues to drink so that cut it I just said I had a bad headache and had a great evening. Went exercising had a nice dinner home with my wife watched a movie slept early got up early. Which was great because I had to go on business trip pretty early with a colleague who showed up in a pretty bad shape cause of the aforementionned outing. .No regrets there..Last friday so 3 days ago I had some urges to drink..Just cause it was friday. My brain was saying stuff like hey its friday you should get a drink unwind. But I knew one drink wouldnt make it they would be another one and so on..Having these thoughts actually upset me. Didnt crack didnt drink...But I did on  saturday with my wife. And again a bit more after dinner. A bit more than the saturday before..The drinking was okay but I quickly regretted it the next day. I mean sunday was good I woke up early had a walk went to the sea and hike with my wife worked on personal stuff.. So it wad fine..But i realised saturday evening would have been the same without the drinks. But sunday would have been a bit better. I had mild anxiety in the morning and actually had some urges to day drink....Conclusion 4 weeks drank what 6 times? Instead of 28. No day drinking...So still not perfect but I feel improvement..I might no drink at all next weekend and reach a first day 8 in a while..Which is still what I am going for. I dont think I can achieve moderation. these past 4 weeks I was really busy and tired from work so it helped..But I know if I had been doing nothing drinking on saturday would lead to a relapse...Still room for improvments but proud of myself nonetheless. Exercise is helping to lost 4kg these past 4 weeks (around 8 pounds for my american friends ;) )..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

About .6 stone for the rest of you..Good job mate
When your ready to quit you'll know. Maybe moderation is something that works for you. IWNDWYT
I love the positive thinking here! Huge improvements well done IWNDWYT!!!!
