-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/934mnk/my_relapse_story_after_50_days_cant_and_wont_give/

After 50 days of sobriety (longest I've ever been able to make it in years) I had a few drinks on a patio on July 6th...I didn't get drunk that night. In fact I was surprised at my apparent 'self control' (how ironic). Had I cured myself? Maybe I wasn't the alcoholic I thought I was. Maybe I just needed a break from drinking to remind me that I don't *need* booze to get me through life...After that night I didn't drink again for 2 weeks. I still didn't have the guts to come here and post and go through the guilt and shame of resetting my badge to Day 1 yet again. Plus I didn't even get drunk when I drank so it didn't really count as a relapse right? Oh the things we can convince ourselves when we are in denial...Last weekend my long-term / live-in boyfriend and I hit a really rough patch. By accident and happenstance I discovered some things that really made me view him differently. I questioned our relationship for the first time. He had broken my trust and my world felt like it was falling apart. My boyfriend is my rock my best friend my person. I couldn't believe he would do something that would ever break the trust we shared so unwaveringly...When this happened I did not come here for support. I am coming forward and admitting that I coped by drinking and drinking a lot. At home I would ignore him and wait for him to go to bed. After he had fallen asleep I would go into his liquor cabinet and take guzzle after guzzle directly from the bottle. Each swig of the burning liquor numbed my pain more and more. Rinse and repeat every day until yesterday. By the end of the week I had gone through two 750ml bottles of expensive whiskey and gin 3 bottles of wine 3 375ml bottles of vodka and a few beers...Yesterday I sat down with my boyfriend and admitted I had drank almost all the liquor in his cabinet. I was so ashamed embarrassed and sad. I felt sick spiritually mentally and most definitely physically...He was shocked to say the least. He wasn't even upset with me that I had drank all his expensive liquor or that I had done it in secret behind his back. He was shocked that I had drank that much liquor and he didn't even notice I had been drinking. He almost couldn't believe I drank that much until he saw the proof of the empty bottles in the cabinet most filled up with water in my lame drunken attempt to hide what I had done...This morning I feel so so low. I had to have my boyfriend drive me to and from work today because I feel so physically sick that I didn't think I could drive without throwing up. Thank god I have a decent office job where I can work in peace and quiet without anyone paying much attention to me. I feel absolutely exhausted and horrible. ..It is going to be a long road but we are working through things and I feel like we have become closer due to these events that have taken place. We talked for hours and we have a plan in place to help us both move forward...I don't have much more to add except I know with all my heart that I needed to come back here and be honest and and start over again. I almost feel like I needed this to happen. I grew complacent with my sobriety and started losing sight of the fact that it really was making my life better. ..Here is to another Day 1. Hopefully my last. I truly don't know how many more I have left in me...Thank you for reading.......
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back and thank you for your honesty.  It means a lot to me and others on here as it does to you.  It sounds like you are moving through it and learned a few things as well.  I hope things improve in your relationship and that this is all just a minor setback for you.  IWNDWYT.
Your admission and honesty will help us all progress forward. Thank you for being so brave!
Welcome back. Glad to hear you two will make it through. You've gotten sober once you can certainly do it again  
It strikes me that you need to work on the causes of your drinking. It sounds like you have some unresolved emotional pains that you try to numb with alcohol. I suspect that you have additional issues to look at. One of the keys to long term sobriety is to clear up your past and get rid of the anger and resentments. Those are poison to alcoholics.
I'm so glad you're here. &lt;3..When a painful thing brings us closer to transformation it becomes healing. You made it have that meaning by being open and brave both with yourself and your partner and also here with us. That's great courage and willingness and it's everything that matters. IWNDWYT. :-)
Welcome back! In the beginning I had similar slips for similar reasons...amazing how powerful the mind is how quickly it can believe  see I knew I was fine :p ...Thank you for your share and authenticity. It helps me to hear it!..IWNDWYT 
Thank you for so painstakingly writing this out I'm sure it was really difficult for you. Your doing so has helped me and I'm sure many others. I too have a lot of unresolved emotional/traumatic stuff from my childhood life that I need to really dig into and then let go of. I drowned it pretty solidly for 3 decades so it will be no easy task but I agree with u/soberrph this unresolved crap has got to go. Well for me first be accepted and then let go. Thank you so much for your honesty. Truly. Much love to you. &lt;3 
