-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9353zg/its_complicated_but_does_it_have_to_be/

I feel like I broke the seal and now I keep relapsing. Broke it on vacation in May for 4 days one day in June and now 7 days throughout July. It feels very daunting for some reason to start over. I want to but I keep telling myself excuses some of which are valid. One of them being that my best friend and husband fell off too and we realize that being sober together was a special time and we were blessed to have each other but ultimately I have to do this for myself and by myself. And he has to make his own decision. But that is easier said then done. We do everything together. We are in love and happy together. We like to spend free time together and if he wants to go for drinks or involve alcohol I don't know if I have strength to stay dry. And if I don't drink he won't want to alone and then I'll feel like I'm forcing him. .It will be very difficult not being on the same page the thing is too that he may stop and that will be great. But either way his decision can't impact mine. How do I do it alone and Un-complicate  complicated feelings? ..Mods please reset my badge for July 30th because I will not drink with you today.  
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
I know it sounds stupid but I just quit.Period.I made that the focus.Not what I was missingnot what my wife is doing( she still drinks)not anything  else.I chose not to drink anymore then figured out how to get over the humps and bumps.I made a deal with my wife that she wouldn't drink when her and I were alone as that was a big trigger for me.She says she likes it as she drinks alot less and still gets to drink with her friends and visitors.When I had urges I did whatever I could to distract myselfwalksmoviesvideo gamesworksweets.I read quite a bit about what alcohol was doing to my body and brain so I could understand what was going on.But through all this the focus was I no longer am a drinker.I never will be again.So really this is just a long winded way of sayingnoit doesn't have to be complicated.Quitput the tools in placeuse them
There are many ways to go about this. I'll speak from my experience and maybe it can help you out...I had a hard reality check. I go to a doctor every 3 months because I'm a Type 2 Diabetic and have to get blood work done. Having this condition never stopped me before and beer was my typical go-to (polishing off an 18 pack a day wasn't an unusual experience) so on top of a crappy diet I was ingesting a lot of carbs via Coors Light. Also keep in mind that at the time I was on meds for my liver triglycerides as well. I almost felt as if having them enabled me to drink...But then during one of these check-ups my doctor told me "I don't know what you're doing when you're not here aside of what you claim (I was always lying) I'm going to prescribe insulin and up your Fenofibrate on your next visit if you don't get under control." That hit me *hard*. I had the sudden realization of "*This is not for my wife. This is not for my family. This is not for my friends and co-workers.* ***This is for me. I will regain control. I am NOT going down a path that can have me dying young.***"..Now while technically did stopping help my relationships with those people I previously mentioned? Yes but that was just an added bonus for me...In the end only *you* know what's best for *you* and your health and you've come to realize that the cessation of alcohol is it. Yes having a spouse adds a layer of complexity to any issue you experience together and I hate to use this cliche but "you do you...and I'll do me."..Is it difficult sometimes to see my friends or my wife on occasion drinking something when I've stopped? Yes. Did I temporarily hide from social interactions (almost a month) to make sure I could go it alone before I put other people into the mix? Yes. Do I still want to participate in drunken activities sometimes? Yes - but that feeling has largely subsided...We all have to take this one day at a time. You'll get there but start with day 1 again...As for my status: I'm completely off Febofibrate my daily dose of Metformin (diabetes drug) has been reduced I'm down 46 pounds and while I know I can still feel better compared to when I began this journey I feel fantastic. I've got this - and you've got this too. I will not drink with you today.
&gt; We like to spend free time together and if he wants to go for drinks or involve alcohol I don't know if I have strength to stay dry. ..Does your husband have any hobbies that you don't share? My husband plays computer games. I could join him but it's not my cup of tea. So we have "me-time". When he's playing I do other things that I enjoy. I value the time we spend separately because it makes the time together more special...&gt; And if I don't drink he won't want to alone and then I'll feel like I'm forcing him. ..I felt the same until I realised that my husband is an independent person and he can make his own mind up. If he has to choose between spending time with me or spending time drinking he chooses me. This is a sign of a healthy marriage to me. In any case even if I was forcing him not to drink he would only benefit from it (health money relationship - the whole lot). If he forced me (or rather my thoughts and beliefs about what he thinks forced me) to drink with him it would affect both of us negatively. ..I've done it before (drank when I wasn't really that desperate to drink) and it didn't go well. I was resentful: that my sober streak is broken that we spent all that money on booze instead of a trip we were talking about that the house is messy that I'm hungover that I didn't even have that good a time. It's just not worth it. Now my sobriety comes first - before the (imagined) feelings of others...Have you spoken to him about it at all?
Hi there Sureofit!  I'm sorry to hear you've been feeling Notsureofit again for a while but please don't beat yourself up!..As I've mentioned to you before I've walked a very wiggly line to get to this point and I think I have a few years on you  ;)    I always thought it was lovely that you and hubs were doing this together   probably because it would have been a lot easier for me to get where I am now if my own hubs didn't want to drink any more either.   But fact is he has the discipline to have a glass of wine and then put the stopper in the bottle.  I don't...We had a lot of fun times drinking together in the past when we were younger but not for a long time really now.  It's only because he loves me that he didn't see quite what an accident-waiting-to-happen that I was!  ..Early on a couple of times he stopped with me long enough to get me started.  I've been fortunate in that I was a white wine drinker and he drinks red wine or beer so I didn't have to have such a big temptation under our roof.  Weekends he still likes to have a couple of glasses of wine in front of the TV   there have been nights it's been hard and I've just taken myself away upstairs for a good old fashioned sulk but not for a long time now.  Likewise there are times when he has a third glass (or more!) and starts talking crap over the top of what I'm watching but he put up with plenty of that from me in the past so I try to remember that!..Socially our circle had changed anyway   it was mainly my friends who were the drinkers so I see the girls for coffee or walks instead of going out for big boozy couples nights out with their partners too.  We see more of family and his  sensible' friends evenings now   he has a couple of glasses and I drive when we go out.  We actually go out loads more because I'm always happy to drive   and we can afford more date nights too :)  ..So I do believe it's possible if one of you wants to stop and the other doesn't.  It may make it a little more difficult initially but I knew I had to change and I knew the rest of the world wasn't going to stop because I was. So why should my husband have to?  We've found other fun things we do together now and sometimes he goes out and has a few beers without me; that's cool.  He drinks less without me  drinkstigating' all the time now and feels better for it...At the end of the day we can all only decide what's best for ourselves.  Once I genuinely got to the point where  drinking was something I didn't want to anymore it didn't matter that my husband still drinks weekends. He can do that   it didn't work for me.  But being a sober wife can definitely work if you want it to!   ..Much love and I hope you're not stressing out over this.  Just do what's right for you   your relationship seems really strong; you'll work it out together.  Happy to not drink with you today  :)
I'm going to send you over a big fat heaping pile of love.  Both of you were here while I was getting my shit together.   You both influenced me for the better and I'm glad I had the chance to do this s with you guys.  It's good to see you here today and any day you want.  Hi5s fellow sober traveller!      It's life it's good out here and it's a journey **iwndwyt**
