-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/936n64/should_i_tell_my_spouse/

The last year and a half has been very rough on me and I was drinking to cope with it. Starting around this time last year it got out of control. I was drinking about half a liter of rum every day. I was able to stop in April. I haven't had any trouble since then and I'm very happy with my decision. ..I don't know if my spouse ever knew that I was drinking anywhere near as much as I was. She knew I was struggling and sometimes drank when I was miserable but she never expressed any concern about it. And I don't think she knows that I'm not drinking now; she doesn't drink and I never drank around her so it's not like anything's changed in that way. ..Is it worth it to sit down with her and make it explicit what has happened? I don't feel as if I have anything I need to apologize for. And I don't want her to pity me be angry or worry that I'll fall back into it. But I don't like keeping things secret and so maybe I should just come out with it. This is to say I wouldn't be asking for her support with quitting drinking since I don't need it right now. ..Were you in a similar situation? What are the benefits or disadvantages of this kind of conversation?
----------immediate responses--------

Only you can answer this.When I quit I told my wife about the extent it had got tosneaking drinkshiding bottles and so on. I'm  glad I told her.It was a huge relief for me and made it easier for her to understand why I needed to quit.
I tried to quit without telling my partner.  It definitely went better when I did.  But she drinks too so her knowing kept her from sabotaging me unknowingly.  Basically she stopped ever bringing booze home when every now and again she would get some beer or be gifted some wine...You might not be struggling now but maybe you will one day.  Wouldn't it be better to be able to say "oh wow I am really craving a drink right now but I don't want one.". And for her to understand what that meant?
We try not to tell others what they should/shouldn't do here in the SD forum.  But I can tell you my personal experience...When I made the choice to quit I was drunk.  I was drunk and reading stuff online about quitting.  I'd thought about it before but it was all just so scary to make the call.  But I knew if I said the words "I'm going to stop" to my husband I would feel the need to hold myself more accountable.  So I did it.  I drunkenly told him it was my last night drinking that I was going to stop (try at least).  ..Now again everyone is different.  My spouse was also a problem drinker.  He decided he would stop too the same day as me. Having his support has been IMMENSELY important to me staying sober and I believe vice versa.  ..So it is really up to you!  If you want to tell her and you don't want pity just let her know why you're telling her.  ..GOOD LUCK!
I thought about telling my partner last week but shied away from it because were laying in bed about to sleep. So the past week I  struggled with my feelings alone and he had no idea. For the most part he is a "normal" drinker who is content to stop at two beers. This is what I'm hoping to get back to. On Saturday we were out of town and wound up getting drunk (a rarity for him a normal Saturday thing for me). If I'd told him I was struggling he would not have suggested going out for more drinks after the concert we attended had ended. He also would not have suggested a shot in honor of my birthday. It's not his responsibility of course but I know his behavior would changed if he knew. And he didn't because I concealed it. I didn't want him to worry but I don't think I can do this without telling him. Obviously my situation differs from yours...Anyway I woke up feeling awful--anxious and guilty--this morning. When my anxiety is flaring I cough a lot and he knows that. He asked me about it and I told him the truth about how I'm feeling. I told him I'm looking to formally cut back and actually count my drinks and that I'm just tired of dealing with anxiety worsened by alcohol misuse. He was honestly pretty surprised that I'm struggling. He also asked me a few questions. Anyway I wrote him a letter about it too so we're going to talk about everything when we get home from work. I don't know what kind of relationship you have but I guess I'd ask--what would be the advantage of not telling her?.. I want to be accountable and in telling him there's a limit I want to honor I hope he'll call me out if I don't. We are new to living together and didn't really establish "rules" for how we consume alcohol at our new place. Now that conversation is happening but later than it should have.
&gt;I don't feel as if I have anything I need to apologize for...I don't know about you but alcohol made me a liar and a thief...I lied to myself misrepresented my impairment to others was not forthcoming about how much I was drinking.  When I was impaired  I stole time connection and emotional support from loved ones...That's not how I want to be treated nor how I want to treat my family...I needed to own that and to be honest about what I had been doing...Whadda ya think?..
