-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/939moz/do_i_need_to_stop_drinking_for_my_mental_health/

I struggle with depression and anxiety. Though I have certainly used alcohol as a means to self-medicate in the past I've never been a binge drinker never get drunk anymore and am good about controlling how much alcohol I consume. BUT for some reason nearly every time I've decided to drink lately (no matter how much) I wake up the next day wrecked. I'm depressed and anxious and cannot be productive in the slightest. I resort to more alcohol to lift me out of the feeling and wait for the dark cloud of the hangover to pass 24 hours later. ..I'm interested to hear your thoughts on this cycle of drinking when paired with depression. Anyone out there stop drinking because of their depression even though they don't think they're an alcoholic? Is there a way to balance the pleasure I get out of drinking a little bit of wine and managing my mental health? How do I know if I need to stop?..I should also mention that having wine with dinners is very much a lifestyle for my husband and me. He's a sommelier and wine and food pairings are something we bond over. I know this may not make sense to some people but I worry about eliminating this from our relationship.
----------immediate responses--------

I think it's great that you are asking yourself these questions.  There are many on here who struggle with depression and anxiety and often drinking can exacerbate these conditions.  I'm sure you will get lots of feedback on that point here.  Trying to find the big answers like  will I ever drink again if I quit now?  can be overwhelming. but I personally would say why not try giving up drinking for a month and see what happens?  I don't think there are any down sides to seeing where sobriety takes you.  For most it is a more positive mindset. Good luck.
Depression and anxiety are my companions too. All I can tell you is that in my experience the nerve-wracking anxiety and crushing depression lessened every day I didn't drink (and continue to do so!) I've even found my genuine laugh again. ..Craft beer is my husband's go-to and I was seriously concerned about not being able to imbibe with him. But you know what? He likes having a wife who's happier and healthier much more than he ever enjoyed having a drinking companion. ..He can drink with anyone but laying down at night with a happy sober spouse is irreplaceable. ..Maybe the question isn't  should I stop drinking  as much as it is  is drinking bringing more value into my life or taking it away ? ..Whatever you decide I wish you peace and happiness. Mental health issues are no joke so please take time to take care of yourself. .-SW
[removed]
I can relate and for some of us it seems to take very little to feel hangover/withdrawal. Sadly we are also the folks who tend to be susceptible to alcoholism.  Alcohol impacts sleep stages and poor sleep wreaks havoc on my anxiety. I don't have any specific advice other than to say that this is quite common and the urge to curb my hangover with more alcohol was when a major progression in my alcoholism. Any way you can limit your dinner intake to just a 'taste' and avoid it later in the evening? 
I've had experience with moderate drinking (wine with dinner like you) and severe depression. Alcohol was terrible for my depression -- like the proverbial trying to put out a fire with gasoline. Guarding my mental health is one of the big reasons I kicked my moderate wine habit. I'm much happier without it.
I can really relate and I'm asking myself the same questions. In the past year I've seriously cut back my drinking and can go months where I just have a little wine here and there. But the hangovers have gotten really terrible especially emotionally and in terms of productivity. So you are not alone. Best of luck to you as you figure out what's right for you. 
