-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93b35c/20_years_old_and_just_got_my_first_dwi_have_never/

TL;DR: Got DWI. Cut myself and scared all my friends telling them I was going to kill myself. Have to leave my hometown and go to Arizona to be with my family. Most importantly can't cope with losing girlfriend without alcohol....Title. Been struggling with alcohol abuse since my Junior year of high school. It only got really bad after me and my girlfriend of three years broke up a couple months ago for good this time. I started drinking at least half of a handle of Vitali every single day after work. ..I lost one of my jobs because I showed up drunk (second time being caught) and dropped a pizza had a breakdown and just left. ..Showed up at my ex's house trying to talk to her one night but she wouldn't. Her roommate ended up driving me home then the next day I of course got wasted and drove to her work to try and talk to her. She called the cops on me and I got arrested for DWI. I blew a .269 and the funny/scary thing I didn't even feel like I was that drunk...After I was booked and released I went home and kept drinking. I have a history of cutting (only when I'm drunk) and cut up my neck and legs pretty badly. I told my friends I was going to kill myself. ..Naturally they were concerned. So they told one of my friend's parents who called my Dad in Arizona and told him what was going on. To my GREAT surprise the next morning he shows up at my house and tells me I'm going back to Arizona with him as soon as possible. My plane ticket is on Monday...This was 3 days ago so I haven't drank since then. My Dad has been keeping a close eye on me. The withdrawal has been horrible. I couldn't sleep at all the first night or the entire next day. Then the second night I would fall asleep for 15 minutes and wake up drenched in sweat over and over again. I had vivid nightmares each time. I've had intense anxiety and still have the shakes. Not to mention just general depression over my situation. ..And worst of all even though my relationship with my girlfriend was toxic (on both parts) and she cheated on me multiple times I still love her. I think that's the reason I drank to numb myself from the thought of us never being together again.. And now I can't stop thinking about her and just want to get a bottle of Vitali and drink until I pass out like I have been the past few months. I don't know how to manage without it. ..I would probably call my buyer and get one right now if it wasn't for my Dad being here even though I realize how much of a problem I have with alcohol. I want to be sober. Despite the DUI and all the drama I've actually felt somewhat happy. Now I'm getting out and spending time with my friends that I've always blown off I'm eating healthy instead of not eating at all/ordering pizza and just generally have more energy and all the other positive aspects of being sober...But the fact is even though she's done a lot of fucked up things to me I'm not over her. I think she was my soulmate. And now I blew it and will never get her back as long as I live. The only thing that helped me not care about that fact was alcohol...I don't really even know where I'm going with this. I guess I just wanted to get it off my chest and see if you guys have any advice  for my situation (if anyone even reads this essay lol) whether it's the DWI or how to cope with losing the love of my life without using alcohol. .
----------immediate responses--------

I feel your pain. I got a DUI at 19. Blew a .252 &amp; ended up in jail for a weekend probation &amp; all the other "fun" stuff that goes along with that. Don't do what I did &amp; continue to drink for another 19 years. You're still young &amp; can turn that ship around. ..On the love front you just have to let the heartbreak run its course with due time. Time is the only thing that will help. It sucks right now but it will get better. You have your whole life in front of you to fall in love again. You'll probably experience more heartbreak along the line. You'll be fine in the end though. I'm sure if it. 
Just let time heal the heartbreak man. Sounds like you know it was for the best. ..I've found that numbing the pain with alcohol significantly increases the time it takes to heal. There's a girl I've never gotten completely over from my early 20s and I think a big part of it was how hard I tried to drink the pain away. 
I'm not sure if you want to hear this but one of the biggest things I've learned is that unhealthy people can't be in healthy relationships. I've been on both sides of that and it sucks. Work on yourself get sober try to heal. If you feel the same way in a year that might give you more insight. 
My ex girlfriend left me a few years ago because of my drinking and overall downward spiral. I loved her so much. I drank for about 11 months after she left and it was hell. I scrambled to AA and things have gotten a little better but I still miss her from time to time. However I do not need to drink over this loss today. I think it's what needed to happen for me to have a desire to change something. I'm really sorry for how you are feeling.  I have felt like this before and it was hard. Hang tough please.
Oh dude this post broke my heart. You're heartbroken and self medicating. It's not going to go away no matter how much you drink. ..You've just gotta sit with the shitty feelings. I journal so they're somewhere externally. You'll be okay. Toxic relationships are the hardest to let go of because you romanticise them so much more. 
Somehow I managed to never get a DUI or into a wreck how I managed that I have no idea. I could very well be in your shoes though on that one. As for the girl I try to never give negative advice but I'll give you the advice that I'm sure you've heard already: She's not worth it it's not worth it to be drunk all the time hurting yourself will only make yourself feel worse. Now the upside to all that is: you're young you'll find someone better you have the rest of your life to find meaning in a sober healthier life and one day you'll look back on this and realize how much you've grown from it. One day at a time though all you have to do is stay strong and try to stay positive. Right now at this period of your life it's much more important to find out what you don't want and what you don't like than to know what you want out of life. People spend their entire lives trying to figure out what they want out of it you're in a position to find out what you don't want and that is equally as important. Use that to your advantage - I will not drink with you today!
I'm twice your age going through something similar. All I can say is that the DUI can be a catalyst for change. It has been for me even though I fought it tooth and nail. Use this opportunity or go the next few decades-if you survive that long-living the same way. .Are you under your parents insurance? Can you get into treatment in AZ? .Keep checking in!! 
