-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93cq60/insomniac_attempting_once_again_to_quit_what/

Hey just discovered this sub just want to go on the record and say you guys are awesome and thank you and kudos to you for creating real community and support. I have struggled with alcohol since I was in like 7th grade. Well I guess I wasn't really struggling with it then or at least I didn't know I was but I have struggled it with it over half my life. Way I see it now is you're always struggling with alcohol no matter what your use is like. Even a couple drinks your body is struggling to detox it from your liver and struggling to stay hydrated. If you live in a dry climate the struggle gets real real quick. .I am 29 now and had about a week until I relapsed because I couldn't sleep and the house I was staying in had some beer in the fridge..It's a long story of course :).That is why I couldn't sleep and all..But anyway I had 2 years at one point in my early 20s and even though I slipped up a couple days ago I know this time is different.I don't want to drink anymore and will do whatever it takes to stop even lay awake in bed all night..Cheers to living a life free from alcohol and much love to you all.
----------immediate responses--------

Hiya! Welcome to SD. This is a wonderful supportive community. Why not grab a badge from the right hand sidebar? It tracks your sober days and it is great to see it on the rise. IWNDWYT:)
Cheers to the sober life!
I am sleepless with you! Day 4 and I'm wide awake at 2am and the kids are going to be up in a few hours. That's ok though because I'm sober. 
I'm in a similar position drinking to fall asleep. Last night was my first night without drink in a long time and I sweated a lot and had some nightmares but I feel amazing today. Good luck we can do it!!
For some reason alcohol has the opposite effect on me almost like a stimulant. If I'm exhausted a few drinks in and I'm wide awake but whenever I stop I feel exhausted like my body needs to sleep for days to detox or something. I have no idea why this happens. ..But I'm on day 2 and hoping to make it through tonight because last night was the best night's sleep I think I've had in ages and if I an stick it out I might even start feeling physically normal again. 
Welcome! A lot of us decided to quit at around 15 years of abuse. You're not alone. I gave up for a full year 7 years ago then wanted my social life to be better so I started again. ..It;s been a few months since my last drink no regrets no cravings. Since then I've given up weed and started eating much better...Sorry for the life story sometimes sharing helps. ..Check out r/insomnia another supportive community although I must say it's nothign like this sub. We set the bar very high here. Cheers and IWNDWYT!
Insomnia is one of the most irritating and long-lasting withdrawal symptoms. Believe it or not once you push through the initial period you will get better and more restful sleep than you EVER could with alcohol in your system. Although it initially helps you get to sleep alcohol actually interferes with proper sleep cycles and makes you feel more tired the next day. Hang in there.
Try some guided meditation for sleep vids on youtube they knock me right out!
