-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93d6vt/one_year_a_story_of_gratitude/

 I remember when I hit 30 days sober and I couldn't believe I had successfully achieved that many days.  There are some wooded trails near my apartment that lead to the top of a tall hill overlooking the Hudson River.  That day I climbed to the top of the hill and stared out into the water and balled my eyes out.  At 30 days I still didn't feel very good; I was in fact very much in the throes of a deep existential crisis. Shedding layers of the past learning to feel good in my own skin learning to accept me.  As I am.  Flaws difficulties and imperfections...I wish I could tell you that it got better after that.  It didn't.  I think I cried every day for the first 90 days. At my six month anniversary I can remember a definitive feeling of  happy' at the celebration dinner my boyfriend had planned. At nine months I felt numb. Two weeks ago I had another existential crisis   this time because I had firmly decided to draw a line in the sand with my loved ones: no more bars no more paying for other people's drinks no more events where the primary focus was me sitting and watching other people drink.  My lifestyle had changed and my environment and relationships needed to change as well. Lately I have been going to bed earlier and earlier each night because I am so excited to get up and start the next day.  Not that these days are anything special   just the same old routine of work gym dinner   but I cannot wait to see what's going to happen next. What challenges will I face?  What surprises lie in store? What is my next joy my next sorrow my next heartbreak my next triumph?  I've never felt this way before; is this how normal people feel? I still cry all the time though probably now only once or twice a week. I am an emotional sensitive creative intuitive empathetic being.  I wouldn't change anything about it...To thine own self be true...Today I had wanted to tell you about the last few days leading up to my last drink but that doesn't seem to matter much anymore.  The truth of the matter is that those days were nothing compared to the lowest of my lows; I had been deeper and more chaotic in the past than my last week of drinking. If anything I had cleaned up my act in recent years; though I was still sick in my heart my mind and my soul. The last day I drank I checked into a hotel to have one last bender in isolation one last dance with the devil. It was a Sunday; my last day to worship at the temple of despair.  I indulged all of my vices that night and I decided that if I lived through it on Monday morning I would change my life. Disclaimer: I certainly would not encourage anyone seeking treatment to engage in one last bender it can be fatal but that being said I do not regret it.  If anything it is a definitive moment for me to look back on when I start romanticizing drinking and getting high.  This is where the path leads.  I have a difficult time walking past that hotel or the bars I was spending time in leading up to this moment.  The scent of death lingers in the air; these are the places that I thought   I knew   I was going to die...Instead I would rather focus on what's changed in the past year. The answer is both nothing and everything. It's strange the way that life changes day by day incrementally or suddenly and we are either complacent or rebellious or terrified or accepting. Disclaimer two: speaking of days the only thing you need to do to win at this is to vow not to drink just for today. Just today. It's the hardest easy thing you will ever do.  It will change your life; it's changed mine. Use the daily check-in- it's magic I swear...Early into sobriety I started a new job.  It is the most challenging stressful position I have ever held in my career.  I hated it for probably the first six months.  I often remarked that I didn't know how I did this job without drinking; I also know that if I had been drinking I would not have lasted long.  Nine months in and I am starting to really love the job and the people around me.  I am challenged every single day.  I am growing. I am changing.  What a gift that is.  (Let's be honest the huge pay raise I got helps a lot too.)..I've accidentally lost 15 pounds. I was skinny-fat before and probably still am but I was never able to lose any weight.  I always ate healthy and hit the gym 4-5 times/week but the scale never budged. I thought that I would be happy if I lost 5 pounds from quitting drinking. Early into sobriety people started commenting on how thin I was starting to look. Every time I saw my friends they would claim I looked skinnier than the last time.  I didn't believe them; the number on the scale wasn't changing. My dad came to visit and he told me that he thought I looked too thin. I started feeling confident wearing crop tops and bikinis again.  One day I stepped on the scale and 15 pounds had just disappeared. This was maybe a month ago-  I still don't believe the number is real.  I'm not sure that it will stay this way forever I will say that being sober has added a consistency to my work-outs and meal planning.  I still eat like a ravenous wild boar; have you ever owned a pet that eats its food at mealtime so fast that it throws up after?  That's akin to my eating habits.  Disclaimer three: if you quit drinking and you aren't losing any weight give it time. It took my body 11 months to even itself out...Shortly after turning 11 months sober I decided to start AA. I do things backwards it's who I have always been. Recently I spoke to a financial planner because I needed some money advice   this year I maxed out my retirement contributions and had managed to pay off one of my student loans (thanks again sobriety!) but wasn't sure where to put the rest of my money.  I was dreaming of investments and stocks but still have $50k in student loan debt.   You're doing things backwards!  he exclaimed.  It's true that's how I like to do things. Backwards girl...Anyway I started AA a few weeks ago and I've taken to it like a moth to a flame. Disclaimer four: this method is not recommended- if you are newly sober get to a meeting. I've never found so many joyous happy positive people in one place.  Do you have any idea how good it feels to stand in front of a room of people and say you are 360 days sober?  Some of you do.  I hope the rest of you will one day know. I had also tried Refuge Recovery but it wasn't for me. It could just be the meetings in my area but I found it a bit too somber and lacking in conversation.  I need the high energy and social network that AA provides.  I also read This Naked Mind and completed The 30 Day Sobriety Solution.  Check those out too if you are struggling...My spirituality came back. I was raised Catholic and as I child I feared god.  In my teenage years I hated him. After I found drugs I was indifferent. In my early to mid-20s heavy into both alcohol and drug abuse I believed in the universe and physics.  Doing a lot of hard drugs and drinking a bottle of vodka a day is certainly one way to have a spiritual experience.  In my late 20s to early 30s I believed in nothing.  Utterly nothing. Now in my mid 30s I have come to accept human life as part of nature.  Nature is sometimes cruel sometimes violent but also beautiful intricate and complicated.  I've accepted that the universe is under no obligation to explain itself to me; things are the way they are and that's the way they are.  It's not my job to understand or reason why. It's not mine to control. Live and let live...It hasn't all been sunshine and roses.  I've had to let go of quite a few friendships and activities I had previously enjoyed and my current relationship is in its death throes. It's all okay though   so long as I am sober everything will be alright. I remember previously that going through break-ups was always a soul shattering experience for me.  I would lay in bed cuddled with my bottle and call out of work for a couple of days to nurse my wounds.  It hasn't been like that this time. Sure I've felt sad but I've continued to move forward with my life nevertheless.  I'm not sure if that's because I haven't fully accepted it yet or if it's because I am now more emotionally stable as a sober person; or most likely a combination of both.  But always onward and upward.  Always.  Build yourself a life that no drink or drug could ever enhance.  Be relentless and unapologetic in that pursuit. Sobriety is first. Always. ..I am terrified of what comes next.  I've made it to a year.  I can probably make it to two years.  But what happens when I stop caring about the day count and AA starts to seem retired and boring? Whenever the idea of moderation sneaks in I ask myself to be honest. Do you want one drink or do you want the bottle?  The answer is always the bottle. I was romanticizing the idea of going to the liquor store yesterday somehow that notion got into my head.  I had to remind myself that I hated going to the liquor stores in my neighborhood because the other patrons made me feel so uncomfortable.  Alcoholic brain immediately countered with how much I loved the wine shop at Whole Foods. That gave me a good chuckle.  It's not like I was buying the fancy all organic kissed by baby Jesus wines that they sell there.  I always bought the bottle that was cheapest in price and largest in quantity.  I've learned that my brain distorts things to try to get what it wants...I suppose to a certain extent I have accepted that there will always be these two voices that live inside of me dueling over life and death.  One that wants to save me the other that wants to destroy me.  I have to be careful with my alcoholic voice she is very sneaky.  She wants to tell me that I am always right that no one loves me that I am not useful or valuable or special that nothing I do matters that I can't change the world.  She tells me to slam doors and throw temper tantrums and say unkind things.  She is a liar and is not to be trusted...The people in the rooms help strangely their inner voices tell them the same sorts of lies. Talking about it helps. They have taught me that I can combat her with love kindness and gratitude.  As have the people here.  I wouldn't be here without this place. So this long ass story has really been nothing but a huge thank you to you guys. Those of you around here who have years of sobriety stacked up- you are mentors to me and have impacted my life.  Thank you for coming back into the fires of hell to help others.  I am grateful that you are here. ..And now what for today?  Well it will be a normal day.  Gym work AA meeting and dinner. Everything is different and everything is the same. Just another normal special day. IWNDWYT..
----------immediate responses--------

Rock on sober twin rock on!!!!
Wow. That was a great read! You sound very deliberate and sure and happy. Onward.
Autumn Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
That brought tears to my eyes.  So honest and hopeful.  I'm definately saving your post for my bad days.  Take care and keep moving onward and upward.  IWNDWYT!!
Thank you for this!  Your story was exactly what I needed to read this morning for my sobriety.  We share a lot of early parallels.  &lt;3. IWNDWYT! 
This is beautiful. Congratulations. 
Congrats on your one year! Thank you for sharing your story
Autumn I don't know what your job is  but you are a really gifted writer. You really picked me up and immersed me in your world with that piece. Thank you for sharing  and congratulations on a year. I hope I can make it too. IWNDWYT 
Awesome stuff! IWNDWYT
 The temple of despair   ..That is the best short description of alcoholism I think I've seen. Lovely post Autumn. Congratulations on one year sober!
HAPPY 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY!
Awesome post. Congrats. You r an inspiration!  
Well our lives are a story.... a great read.
[Congrats on a YEAR Autumn!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LpMB1OZ53g)..Great post thanks for sharing how you did it :)...Any celebratory plans today? &lt;3
Congrats! That was a great read. You did a great job of encapsulating the first year. It wasn't all peaches and cream for me...in fact I had a bout with PAWS right around the 365 mark. I am happy to report that the second year got MUCH better. My "foundation" in sobriety became more solid. I started feeling much happier and comfortable. I started a daily meditation routine under the direction of my therapist which seems to have made a tremendous difference as well.    .Keep it up! IWNDWYT
Woohoo congrats on your 1-year milestone Autumn!..Fizzy-Water-Cheers to many more to come!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
This was so beautiful.       
Awesome!
I wish I could could up vote this a thousand times. I needed this today thank you. 
Existential crisis catalyses.   Your alcoholic fat didn't have the same toxins to cling to in order to persist in your cells.  Thank you so much for sharing your year especially everything is different and everything is the same.  I'm sorry you are having a hard time with your romantic relationship.  I'm struggling with death throes too.  Onward.  I won't drink with you today.
What a fantastic piece ... Thank you! This resonated on so many levels. Stories like this are what inspire me to keep going ... to keep that alcoholic voice in the grave. IWNDWYT
That was beautiful.  Thank you for sharing.  And congratulations!!
Thank you for this!  One year is on the horizon for me as well and I can relate to much of your story.
congratulations on your daily success story.  .
Thank YOU thank you thank you. This is exactly what I needed to read today. I'm not quite feeling myself yet and definitely dancing with depression and weight issues. It's so encouraging to read your journey. Thank you for sharing it and thank you for being here today. IWNDWYT
"Sobriety is first. Always."- LOVE THIS !."I had firmly decided to draw a line in the sand with my loved ones: no more bars no more paying for other people's drinks no more events where the primary focus was me sitting and watching other people drink. My lifestyle had changed and my environment and relationships needed to change as well."..THIS I THINK IS MY NEXT MISSION !..Autumn not only are you sober but are wise wise wise - loved this post !!!! Congrats to you !!!!
Way to go on one year!  
Congrats on one year!..Yeah I think for me a large part of my desire to drink is born out of existentialism mixed with a double shot of fear; fear of failure fear of death fear of being a nobody. It was particularly profound here recently when my father had a medical scare and ended up in the hospital. It sort of sent me into a moment of panic wondering where I was at what I'd become what'll happen when I close my eyes for the last time. Being a drunk was easier in some regards to dealing with these daunting questions because I could just shrug and chug. I suppose I find solace in knowing I'm not alone in facing these quandaries. We all get to experience this thing we call life together. Let the beautiful dance of water ripple across the surface of the pond as each individual stone passes on to the underneath. Each making a splash in it's own way but coming together in a delightful symphony. In that way we all experience this together in our own special way. Like a fabric bound together strongly but each individual thread doing it's own thing. ..Haha anyways keep calm and sober on.
Congratulations!  Thanks for sharing your story!
Wonderful post thank you so much for sharing your one year story and huge congratulations!..The two voices thing really resonates. That I have an  inner voice I cannot trust (my favourite book as a teenager was lord of the rings favourite character Gollum). The idea of using patience kindness and gratitude is brilliant...Proud not to drink with you today.
