-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93eiw2/i_dont_really_know_what_im_doing/

Last Saturday morning I was still up from the night after drinking partying and sniffing coke... Again. I felt absolutely awful. I was in my friends bed she was asleep and all I wanted to do was go home and cry and drink tea and eat crumpets. My boyfriend drove for an hour to come get me as I couldn't drive..In my head I decided to stop drinking indefinitely. And I am struggling I really enjoy a glass of wine or a beer but in a social situation I get over excited and it gets stupid and I make stupid decisions. My only logical solution is to stop drinking..It makes me want to cry thinking about it... I don't know why I'm finding such a struggle and I don't know what I'm doing. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.  It can be very confusing at the start.  There are some books and podcasts you can start with to understand how this all works.  I like Alcohol Explained for reading and Take A Break for listening.  And of course reading here to see what others are doing.
Great decision to stop drinking but it is tough. I haven't been entirely successful but I continue trying. The first few days are the most difficult for me as it's an emotional time. Thereafter I find it is basically just an occasional mental battle and although the battle doesn't seem difficult I lose the battle each time. I hope soon to view alcohol the same way I view coke; coke results in a 5 day hangover topped with panic attacks which I am not willing to experience ever again. Honestly though alcohol isn't that much better nowadays either.  Wishing you the best of luck. Just take it one day at a time. 
If you stop drinking will you also give up cocaine?
The first line of your post really hit home.  The coke hangover may be the worst feeling in the world.  My last night out partying was fueled by alcohol and coke.  I remember hearing the birds chirping and seeing people go to work as I tried to get home to sleep.  For me cocaine was only ever in the picture if the night started with alcohol.  When I removed the alcohol coke went with it.  ..I suffer from the disease of more.  I would also like to enjoy a glass of wine or a beer.  But I cant have just one beer.  To me a single beer is like an appetizer.  Many of my friends and family can stop at 1 (or 3).  I cannot.  Its not in my nature.  ..When I made the decision to stop drinking (and using) the weight of the world was lifted from my shoulders.  I no longer needed to worry about what I said did or didnt do.  ..Life is good.  Stay strong.
Maaaan i feel ya my last night drinking was a bender that went well into the next day. Worse thing is it still sounds fun and inviting to get super fucked up but reading your post about sitting around a friends house and just wanting to be home really put me right back in that mindset of how much binging alcohol and drugs really really sucks. ..I've never ever finished a big night out and thought "oh boy that was a great idea can't wait to do it again!". Its always like 2 weeks later when I've properly gotten over the come down and am finally feeling normal again then i start thinking "mmmm id love to have a huge night out this weekend". It's really the stupidest logic but if you don't learn from the past you are doomed to repeat it. ..This is my fourth attempt at taking a break from alcohol and every time i have stopped i have always gained more clarity into my addiction. It wasn't until this current attempt that i have decided that it will be hopefully indefinitely. Before this it was always a set period of time (1 month/ 3 months)... My point is i learned heaps from even 1 month away from drinking i got close to three months at one point and that was really eye opening. If you don't think you can handle the thought of stopping forever stop for a set period of time to give it a try i guarantee you wont regret it. If at the end of it you don't feel like drinking still then you can keep the sobriety going!..In my personal experience something i learned from multiple attempts at quitting moderation is not possible for me. It starts with one of two quiet beers with friends but within a few weeks i was back to hard drugs being up all night and pretty much losing my mind coming down through the week. But that is something i really had to learn for myself and i'm super grateful that i did. ..Good luck i'm not drinking today and if you decide to join me i wont drink with you today :)
I just want to say that I have been in the cycle.You described for the past 5 years. I don't want to give up drinking but it is the only way I can control the cravings I get for cocaine- I never want coke when I'm not drunk. Every time I do it I'd say never again...and sober me means it so much. But drunk me let's me down. I have 2 children as well and I know I need to leave this life style in the past. I've tried everything and now I've reached the point where I know that only not drinking will keep me away from the stuff. I wish you all the best...some people can learn to moderate alcohol and leave the drugs behind and maybe you are one of those. But maybe give sobriety a go!
