-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93i2kv/tips_for_managing_anxiety_while_sober/

I drank to cope with my anxiety. I am on prescription antidepressants and antianxiety meds. I have Xanax to take as needed but I'm really concerned about actually filling that prescription. Knowing how addictive benzos can be and knowing how much I struggle with addiction already I just don't want to open that door. ..Today is the first day I've felt my anxiety is so bad I'm really worried about relapsing. I'm unable to focus pretty shaky and just feel awful. My husband is gone for the week so I did preemptively toss all the liquor in our house. But I know my liquor delivery service is just two clicks away (curse you Drizly for being an alcoholics dream come true). ..How have you all coped with the post-drinking anxiety? 
----------immediate responses--------

Exercise is key for me even just a walk can help. Guided meditations for anxiety the insight timer app is free and has tons. If I'm too anxious to eat which doesn't happen much any more I get a smoothie or meal replacement shake as having a bit of food can be calming too. Good luck!.
I have a prescription for Ativan (also a benzo) which helped get me through those first few days when I was really struggling. I hadn't thought about it but realized just now that I haven't taken one for a couple weeks. Maybe call the doctor who wrote the prescription and see what they advise?..When I'm feeling antsy at night or on the weekends I try out new hobbies like coloring or practicing penmanship. Sometimes a nice hot shower/bath (with a cold can of seltzer) can help immensely. If it's REALLY bad I scroll through this sub and it helps encourage me. I also binge-watch tv while eating straight from the ice cream container but I'm not sure if that's the healthiest strategy... 
I take the Xanax... only .25 once or twice per day. I've had anxiety and panic attacks since about age 10 so not all my anxiety is alcohol related though I used to drink to get additional relief. ..Xanax like alcohol is also a powerful and addictive drug. I find it easy not to abuse though. I only take it when I truly need it. And it's not like alcohol... where you think you'll have only one drink and end up drinking 8 or 10... I don't take one dose of Xanax and then keep taking them all day long like I would with drinking. That's just me though. I find it highly effective in treating anxiety and allowing me to live a healthy productive life. It should most definitely be approached with caution though. ..I also exercise and meditate and I do hope to come off the Xanax eventually. ..Best of luck to you! IWNDWYT
I find getting busy - anxiety is 1000% worse with alcohol but I guess you know that.  I am in early days (this time around) but I am not giving myself time to think.  I too find coming on here really helpful just to distract myself and it's somehow reassuring reading about all others efforts to get back in control.  I had a bad anxiety attack last night because of older daughter can sometimes be such a drama queen and takes it out on me...but I took myself to bed and read (and wrote a post on here)...I am on sertraline which I am finding very helpful particularly with health anxiety which is my biggest problem...ironic that I spend time filling up with poison !  take care and don't click that delivery service - you can do this - we both can.   
I had no history of anxiety.  About 10 years of heavy drinking caused me to develop GAD...I could go on and on about medication - I've tried about 15 over the last 18 months...There are several non-habit forming anti-anxiety meds.  Xanax works great for some people but I won't take it because I know it's habit-forming.  I have Klonopin for emergencies (panic attacks).  Klonopin does not get me "high" (not sure about other people)... but I've read it's very habit-forming if taken every day for an extended period of time.  Some people have experienced horrific withdrawal trying to get off of Klonopin.  Some people take it 1-2 times a day and it works great for them...Other things that helped me: exercise meditation CBT counseling and AA/ NA meetings.  AA and NA meetings helped more than medication because it forced me to leave the house and interact with people.  The sobriety message is a greatly added bonus.
You are right to be concerned about Xanax. Benzos are a very slippery slope...especially for us alcoholics. Withdrawal from serious benzo addictions can last years. I had a Klonopin prescription I stopped using because of similar concerns. Daily meditation has had a profound effect on my mood and anxiety levels. Vigorous exercise is also a great way to lower anxiety. Be careful and good luck!
I practice mindfulness meditation specifically walking meditation because I do not like sitting still for very long. Getting outside and paying attention to the details of the world around me is a good first step in lowering my own anxiety. Thich Nhat Hanh has some great how-to guides and they're available as audio books if you like to listen to something while you walk. I enjoyed "Peace is Every Step" a lot when I was first trying this out...I also worked with a therapist to develop some personal coping strategies which are mostly sensory in nature -- I put aside my work at hand to make a cup of coffee take time to smell it sip it slowly and just spend 3-5 minutes focusing on those sensations. I do the same with a favorite candy (fancy rich caramels) which I use as a little reward after working for a set amount of time and pictures of big fluffy clouds which I find calming...I rolled my eyes hard at these suggestions when my therapist brought them up but when I gave them a shot I was amazed to find they worked and got me through a few incipient panic episodes. Now they're front and center in my toolbox when I feel anxiety levels rising...Also I do take prescription antidepressants and antianxiety pills but I told my psychiatrist up front that I have a history of abusing alcohol and drugs and was looking for something I couldn't get a "high" from and wouldn't get physically dependent on. That means my prescriptions are milder than Xanax but taking them regularly does work for me...Give yourself time and be patient it sounds like you're on the right track so far!..IWNDWYT!
If you are trying to quit alcohol PLEASE DON'T TAKE BENZOS!  Benzos work on the same receptors as alcohol and can actually retrigger withdrawal or alcohol cravings.  I have a family member who was finally sober from alcohol for a year when a substitute doctor gave her a few xanax for panic attacks.  Once the script ran out her original doctor said she couldn't have any more because of her past alcohol abuse.  She wasn't even taking them daily. Within a month she started drinking again and died a couple of weeks later!..I know many people in our benzo withdrawal group who were given benzos after having a history of alcohol abuse said it was retriggering cravings.  One guy said he was clean almost 15 years and hadn't had a craving in over a decade and after 30 days of benzo use he was desperately craving alcohol again (and going through severe benzo withdrawals)...Please watch this 4 minute video to see how alcohol and benzos worsen anxiety and can trigger each other.  This doctor talks about how benzos can cause an alcoholic to relapse.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TSUS8IF8Hw
I'm terrified of Xanax I'm currently on Paxil and I am thinking of switching back to Effexor.
I've been really lucky in that my anxiety was largely alleviated once I stepped away from the booze rollercoaster for long enough but breathing exercises and pilates have been revelations for me when it comes to the stresses and strains of everyday life.  ..17 days is great.  I bet there's a lot of healing starting to happen   it certainly took me a while to level out but I got here; you can too  :)  Best wishes.
Benzo's are very similar to alcohol from what I heard.  I know the withdrawals from both are almost identical so I think it affects the brain similarly...I have been on Paxil for years after I was getting panic attacks after my dad died.  I too would get very anxious and start drinking some days because of it.  I was going to drink everyday anyways but if I was anxietied up in the morning I would start right away.  ..About a month in anxiety honestly just went away for me.  In rehab we did a bunch of the breathing techniques for meditation or whatever.  If I ever felt anxietied up I just focused on my breathing but to be honest I can't really think of the last time I needed to.  Maybe I just breath better subconciously now or something.  Still on paxil btw  I felt kind of weird once when my prescription took forever to get filled and didn't have it for about a week so I never really thought of stopping since I quit drinking.
This breathing technique has been my absolute lifesaver when it comes to anxiety!.https://youtu.be/4Lb5L-VEm34
I take gabapentin. Also I am on Zoloft. Some times it is a struggle but so far I am managing.  Some of the increase in anxiety is a symptom of withdrawal. Withdrawal from alcohol is not over in a week or two. It can go on for months. 
I do adult coloring books (adult in that they're for adults not sexual but like no judgment if you find/like sexy coloring books ha!) stretching/light yoga and knitting which keeps your hands occupied (I have made several truly shitty scarves). Also replacing the ritual of a drink with another ritual of a different thing is good - like when I really wanted a drink this weekend I got some ginger ale maraschino cherries and grenadine and made myself a beautiful shirley temple in my fanciest wine glass with painted flowers on it. It replaced the old ritual of wine with a new one of fancy soda time! It's still calories but at least it's alcohol-free. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT.
I completely relate. On unbearable days I take a third of a .5 Xanax. Other than that it is therapy (I started back up after I got sober) exercise meditation rigorous self care (sleep less screen time boundaries outside time) yoga/tai chi and mindfulness. Hope this helps!! 
Make music. What ever you know how to play. Nothing to play? Sing. There's something healing about it and the emotional release is powerful. Time to grab my guitar and get ready for the day!
