-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93lcr7/got_off_adhd_pills_because_i_was_embarrassed_and/

I was diagnosed with adhd many years ago. I hated the idea of taking something to make me  normal . After months of research and some begging from my wife I gave them a go. To be honest they were a game changer at my workplace in my marriage and in my overall life. I was thriving. ..I started thinking about my original hatred of using something to make me  normal . After being on them for close to 9 months seeing a psych and going to therapy I quit them cold turkey because I felt embarrassed for using the crutch of pills. ..Quickly my marriage spun out of control I hated work because I now struggled with it again and I wasn't getting much done in my life. ..I turned to drinking on the days where I really struggled to cope with the frustrations. It started out as a once a week gig and over the course of time turned into a multiple times a week hellhole. ..I started going down the path of liquid destruction over a year ago... now here I am even more embarrassed by my actions my disgusting behavior towards my wife and my overall decline of productivity and relationships. ..Just wanted to vent about the situation and I plan on not returning to alcohol. 
----------immediate responses--------

Do you feel like you abused the ADHD pills? There's no shame in taking medicine that you need. 
I have ADHD that was discovered when I first did detox 10 years ago. I was on Straterra for two months - it made me feel far too weird and I quit. ...Finding out I had ADHD has helped me cope with coming off alcohol....I know now when I'm being impulsive and can react....I used to be walking quite calmly home and ending up in a bar - not knowing how....It's those impulsive decisions.....It helped a lot also to have my partner understand about ADHD so when I'm spinning we can put some behavior checks in place....I'm still sober yay! Onward.
There is a lot of stigma in our culture around taking prescribed meds for mental health issues. I personally take anti-depressants so I know that drill! ..It sounds like the meds were really working for you though and I encourage you to dig deeper into why you view them as a crutch instead of a tool to aid you. I used to say to myself "would I fault a diabetic for taking insulin? No. So why/how is this different aside from society's stigma?". I know that I'm happier/healthier when on my anti-depressants (and not drinking) and that's what matters most...IWNDWYT
