-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93nvjx/if_youve_relapsed_and_wrote_about_ityouve_helped/

I can't believe it's been a year..My last beers where after helping .a friend move. I was feeling bloated and anxious after drinking too much the night before. I finally said enough.  It wasn't always easy SD and the community has helped me along the way. I would like to share what helped me the most! .This Sub. I've tried to quit before but what ended up happening .was I would start to feel better and end up drinking again only to feel like shit and then continue the cycle. Coming on this sub and reading about how folks let their guard down and had some drinks was a godsend to me I would read the posts and the main theme was don't do it it's not worth it. The anxiety and shame will come back. So to all of you who relapsed let me tell you that writing about it made a difference in my life. It has helped me get to this point. I travel for work and anytime I was in a spot that would make me feel weak I would read about relapses and gain strength from it. Thank you SD I'm having a baby in a few months and I can't wait to be a sober DAD! .
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for this! Me too!
Beautiful! I have been helped immensely by the same stories! ..
Thank you for this lovely post. Congratulations on a year of sobriety and congratulations on the new baby! 
Nicely done. Congratulations!
Congratulations on all fronts!!!
I agree! Great post!..And congrats on the 365 wow! iwndwyt
Great post Ohnoble! Congratulations on One Year. Massive achievement my friend. IWNDWYT.
Well done!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congratulations!!! I agree with you about relapse posts. I have had many stops and starts myself and I know how hard it is to post about a relapse. But reading those posts really helps me to realize that it's not worth it. I always appreciate the honesty and courage it takes to write them. 
Let me tell you by thanking us relapse warning folks you have in turn given me a days worth of sober strength! It really is the community support here that works magic! I promise IWDWYT!
Wait so if we all stop too you'll relapse? Way to up the pressure jerk...Just kidding congrats!
This is great to read!  Thanks and congrats!
Same here ... coming here every day to check in read and interact with everyone has been such a huge help. 
Congratulations on the year of sobriety and the baby!
I actually did you might have not read it though...https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/4ne29w/i_wake_up_numb_and_i_dont_ever_want_to_feel_this/?st=JKB66D7J&amp;sh=78d9b8d2
Congrats on a year and the new baby! You won't find many better reasons to get sober than fatherhood. My kid is two and while I have had my fair share of slip ups it is such an amazing feeling to be sober present and have enough energy to engage with my daughter everyday in a meaningful way! ..I have written a few times on this sub about my relapses and what I have yet to be fully write off as a potential problem is traveling for work. Every time I put it on my calendar I think  shit.  How did you get through the drinking patterns while traveling? With little to no outside accountability and it being a seemingly victimless crime it is still a weak point for me...IWNDWYT!!!!
I was wondering today about how it is to 'restart' and whether we feel bad again...you answered that one--thanks!! And congratulations for 365!!!  I'll get there!
Woot glad to help! Lol
Congrats!  You're helping us too!!! IWNDWYT 
I've written a few too many of those stories...They're cathartic for me; I'm glad that they help others too.
Happy one year to you!! That is very awesome.  Congrats on the baby on the way and on your sober achievement.  :)
Great job! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on a year! Your post just helped me :). I'm currently traveling and it's a pretty big trigger. It's motivating to hear this. Thanks!
Congrats on the one year! I guess there's some silver lining to the relapses out there(my own included) of course other than for venting and support isn't that why we write about it? To support others glad it has been working - I will not drink with you today!
Congratulations on your year! And your baby! I felt like such a loser writing about my relapse and struggle to get back. Now I feel good that it's helped others. And people were so generous to encourage me to come back. Thanks for helping us by sharing your 1 year birthday!
You are so right.  The people that share the relapses help so much not that I am encouraging anybody to do so.  Congrats on your 365 days.  
Well done Ohnoble1.  Congrats on a year congrats on the new baby and thank you for your post.  Thanks for keeping me sober.
Dude that is awesome. So happy for you. I have a baby coming in a couple months too here's to being excited to be a sober dad!
Thank you so much for posting! I hit a year today as well and feel some similar feelings especially about the subreddit. You inspired me to post as well!..Here's to one year and more years to come!
Congrats on a YEAR and the baby!
Hey I am \*very\* familiar with that cycle what a coincidence! And I also really appreciate the reminder that this sub and all of these people provide...I will not drink with you today!
Congrats on one year and the new baby! ..I am one of the folks who has relapsed. Had 100 days under my belt. I agree that starting drinking again is definitely NOT worth it! Glad you could stay strong. ..IWNDWYT!
I too am grateful for the openness and honesty in this sub. It takes courage and humility to admit that this is hard. Congratulations!!!!
CONGRATS!!!  IWNDWYT.
I agree with you on the relapse posts. Very motivating to stay sober. ..Congrats on a year that's awesome. 
Congratulations and thank you! This community and posts just like this one are a huge reason I'm where I'm at with over 90 days and I don't feel alone in the journey.  I will not drink with you today!
Same. Not worth it! Congratulations!!..IWNDWYT    
Helps coming here every so often keeps me on the straight and narrow. congratulations IWNDWYT
Congrats on a year!! I can't wait til I can say the same!
Thank you great post. This is helping me push on. I'm in that "feeling great" phase that is dangerous...
Your post and others like this are why I will reach 365 and beyond congratulations my dude.
glad my relapse helped (hopefully)!
Congratulations on your year and parenthood! I think I find the relapse posts the most useful around here...Looking forward to being where you're at.
That's awesome. Congrats. I've drifted away from this community and I'm going to make it a habit to come here a participate more. Thanks for the inspiration. IWNDWYT 
