-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93p3f2/30_days_my_story/

Posting this in hopes it will inspire others... may be kinda long :)..The last time I drank was June 30. It was a Saturday afternoon. I remember lying in my bed next to my 2YO. He had just awoken from his nap. My 13yo niece was also at my house for the weekend. It was about 4pm and I was thinking about what we would do for the evening. But I already knew that I was going to start drinking. I remember that so vividly. It was painful. Nothing bad had happened that day but I was going to drink. I didn't really want to but I knew I would. I felt 100% powerless... and it infuriated me. ..And I did drink that evening. I also cooked for the kids and watched movies with them. Nothing crazy happened but when I awoke that Sunday morning (feeling like shit) I knew I wanted to change my life. I never wanted anything to have that kind of power over me ever again. ..I was about 3-4 days in perusing the internet when I read about r/stopdrinking and thought  what is that?.  I knew I wasn't going to attend aa and I was also keeping my choice to stop drinking to myself. So when I came here I was thrilled! I could have a support system and still remain anonymous! How did I not know about this for so many years??! ..Ever since then I've been quietly killing it at sobriety. Those around me have noticed I've quit but only you all have been privy to the truth behind my decision and my struggles. THANK YOU! You are the ones celebrating my 30 days with me - I haven't and won't be sharing that with my friends or family. ..The next significant thing that happened was downloading the audible book This Naked Mind. I think I read about it on my first visit here. I immediately went to amazon to buy the book but saw audible was offering first book free (I'd never done the audio book thing) so I got the book instantly and started listening during my daily commute. I was through it in a few days and my mind hasn't been the same since. ..My biggest takeaway from TNM is that I now see alcohol for what it really is: an addictive poison that ruins lives yet is ingrained in our psyche and our culture as the elixir of life. That alone gives me reason to believe that THIS TIME IS DIFFERENT. I don't feel like I'm missing out when I don't drink. I no longer believe alcohol improves my life... in ANY way. I am not saying to myself  you've gone 30 days you don't have a problem it's ok to drink now!  ..I have no desire to try to moderate because I no longer romanticize about being able to drink like everyone else. I never drank to socialize I drank to medicate: to get drunk and escape. For years I thought  what is wrong with me?! I have a GREAT life but I can't control my drinking!  I thought surely there was some repressed childhood trauma or inherent flaw in my brain. But TNM made me realize that I was just addicted to an addictive substance.... a powerful and dangerous drug that is grossly misunderstood and misrepresented by our society...I feel free and happy and confident... in a way that I haven't ... well maybe ever. I feel calm and at peace knowing that whatever life throws my way I CAN handle it without alcohol. And it's ok to FEEL.. disappointment fear guilt... because on the flip side of all that shitty stuff I have also found joy gratitude enthusiasm contentment... in everyday life! The smallest things (finding my missing yeti straw) make me soooo happy! I feel the bad and the good and that is LIVING as opposed to existing. ..I know it's cliche... but I feel a weight has been lifted off of me. I no longer carry the guilt of my problem drinking - I am my biggest advocate and feel I deserve the best! I am also free from the anxiety of always wondering wtf is wrong with me??! ..I wasn't the worst or most chronic alcohol but make no mistake I was in its grips to the point where it had taken away my choices and made itself a necessity in my life. I hope that just one person finds hope and inspiration from my story. ..I can't thank you all enough and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on a month!..Thanks for sharing how you did it :).
So happy for you.  A similar journey for me.  I've relied on this sub and Annie Grace to help me get sober for the first time in decades...Thanks for sharing your story...And IWNDWYT.
Day 30 for me and my story is almost exactly the same.  Only difference is we had a not so great vacation with our young ones and when we got back I made the decision that enough was enough. 
This could be my story too. Thanks for writing this. I also read *This Naked Mind* during my first week of sobriety. I will never forget the feeling I got when I read this seemingly obvious line: "You have become dependent on an addictive substance." I re-read it about a hundred times. The stark simple truth of that just resonated deeply in me. It was the truth. I feel like my internal programming started to change after acknowledging that fact. Congratulations. IWNDWYT
I am inspired.  Thank you for your post and congrats on 30 days!
