-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93ssxk/fell_of_my_wagon_then_my_horse_kicked_me/

Yesterday day I fell off the horse hard. Also fell out of my bathtub listening to Al Greene and smoking in my house.  It all started when my friend proposed happy hour drinks I foolishly accepted. we ended up at a nearby dive bar.  ..A gentleman sits down next us guzzling down grey goose vodka straight.  He tells us that he is 47 and going through a break up.  He starts telling us how his friends are worried about him and how he was in AA but relapsed six months ago.  He then told us the break up happened 3 months ago.  So I'm assuming he's been bending it like Beckham since. He told us stories of stumbling around and getting robbed by 19 year old kids. We were insisting he have some chips which he resisted.  He mentioned that he was afraid to go to a party because he had only eaten breakfast and was too drunk and people would know but also that if he started eating he wouldn't be able to stop and would eventually have to fall asleep and stop drinking.  Being robbed and having to avoid the people he loves both consequential of his drinking...While all of this is going down I'm slurping down schooners of Budweiser at rapid speed intently examining this hurting stranger and his familiar aura of suffering. In the hour and a half we spoke I had about four XXL drinks. Honestly the conversation was kind of triggering so eventually I leave meet up with other friends under the guise of wanting to  hang out  and give myself my own wash of two bottles of ros  go to a bar for a short lived drunk field trip.  My boyfriend joins realizes I gotta go walks me home. I tell him I hate him when he wants to go home to his own house. I draw a bath and bump my stereo and smoke in my house manage to fall out of said bath eat m&amp;ms and spill them all over my guest room and pass out.   ..In the aftermath of my short trip to hell I feel as if the universe was giving me a mirror or a sneak preview like they do for an hbo series. If  I continue to abuse alcohol there will most certainly be consequences the people I love as collateral. I am sitting here eating a Greek salad and although slightly hungover I'm not shaking in trouble or hurt; I have wonderful things going for me and a partner that I love. This comes from no place of judgment for this stranger either.  It's impossible and unhealthy that to compare ourselves as people but his choosing to drink to the point of mentally disappearing really resonates with me and we share the same conviction. I can relate. It was very eye opening.  Drinking in that amount isolates you and zaps all the joy out of life. ..Recently I've been good exercising and getting good sleep and becoming very close my partner. I have been getting a week or three of sobriety under my belt think it's ok to drink again and get so drunk I black out.  However the binges have gotten shorter and few and farther between and I find that with each binge and it's consequences I'm closer to accepting alcohol has no place in my life .  I no longer fear sobriety and I'm getting comfortable with the idea of no longer attending  happy  hour.   this subreddit is amazing and hearing all your stories helps me so much. . .I hope the best for said stranger my friend and I spent about an hour and a half telling him everything was going to be fine.  He didn't seem to think so but alcohol warps pain to appear as if it is too massive to take on.  I feel like the universe saw me order that beer and sent him to me to remind me of times in my life when I have behaved that way.  I hope he finds peace and can get it together again. ..Anyhow my hangover is subsiding and I'm feeling more confident than the last day 1. I hope this can stick.  And swiftly when I go to pay for my $23 salad I realize I drunkenly misplaced my card and I have no way to pay.  Luckily the restaurant trusts me to come back. Alcohol is such a bitch.  I didn't just fall of my horse now it has kicked me. ..It felt good to get this out. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for the warning. I always relapse within the first month too. IWNDWYT 
Great share. Sounds like my story when I first started on this journey. Lots of love to ya
I relapsed around days 18-21 the first 3-4 times I tried to quit for real real. The last time I quit and the one that's stuck the longest is when I finally read This Naked Mind. That book dramatically reduced my cravings and made me see booze in a whole new light. After reading that I've made sure that I come here every day and check in; this community helps to keep me sober. IWNDWYT! 
doesn't matter if ya fall off the high horse as long as ya take the high road &lt;3
