-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93yuc8/three_weeks_and_struggling/

Hit three weeks sober today. My biggest problem with sobriety is that I don't have that thing that would just turn of my mind for a few hours. Now I am constantly thinking about the past the future or my current situation what to do next etc. Alcohol enabled me to just be in the moment with no worries about anything. That's what I miss right know. I've been doing mindfulness meditation every day since getting sober hoping it will show results at some point. At least I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I also am big into meditation and mindfulness. Try reading  A New Earth  by Eckhart Tolle about being Present. Also I find the gym even while punishing at times gives me 1-1.5 hours of being present without much opportunity to ruminate on past/future.
Sorry to hear you're struggling. Maybe there is a new or old hobby that could help? I often wish I could recapture that "flow" state I would enter in my past when I picked up a camera (this was before cellphones or digital cameras). Suddenly the world would be confined to that oblong rectangle in the viewfinder; or my mind just completely focused on the world as thing and composition no space for me or my ego. That would help me greatly in these times of need and struggles. Be well and best of luck.
If you can i found walking the best activity to keep me out of the pub and to let my mind drift off. Plus an hour a day and you'll see the health benefits really quickly and it's great for sleep too.  Good luck - and hopefully you've hit the time when it all starts to get a whole lot easier. 
I like checking out some of the Buddha posts.  Stay strong and IWNDWYT
Hey! We're 21 day twins! You're right about alcohol it was great at cutting out the noise from yesterday and tomorrow. But I guess like me it wasn't a totally successful experiment. One thing I've learned about is the Orienting Reflex. I dig the mindfulness stuff (mostly Tolle) but I've found a bit of a shortcut. When we're learning something there's a region in our brain called the Orienting Reflex that kicks in. It co-opts big sections of the brain and when the OR is functioning it pushes other brain functions to the back of the room like our emotional center. We need to orient to new places and new skills and tasks. And we can kind of engage the OR by say learning a new language or musical instrument or a new hobby. I meditate but sometimes it's a struggle. But learning to make bread from scratch is easier for me and I get emotional relief when I'm learning. Sorry for the long response but I thought it might help. Regardless IWDWYT.
How do you define yourself as an alcoholic? ..The only thing that's changed me long term is accepting I have an addictive personality due to my anxiety and depression. I'm almost a year sober and it's reminding myself that I'm an addict and abuse alcohol for escape that keep me grounded. ..Admitting that fact for the first six months regularly was hard but at almost a year I'm pretty much come to terms with it. ..Any return would be considered a relapse for me; I treat my addiction as serious as any other addiction that may exist (Heroin cocaine etc). I just can't have a drink not one. I'm proud of myself for admitting that and the months of work I've put into changing my mind-set about my personal truth is what is going to see me through long term. IF I ever relapse I know I'll be returning to my addicting and 'abusing' the drug again. That's what alcohol is to me and nearly always had been...Until you accept the truth of your relationship with alcohol you may never be free.  
I found that talking about those swirling thoughts with sober support people helps flush it!..Recovery meetings are a great place for support.
Congrats! The first month was the toughest for me. Things have gradually gotten easier as each month passes. My support system was key as was the step work. Good luck my friend. Hang in there. It gets better- so much better!
Our progress can seem painfully slow sometimes. One common trait amongst us drunks is we want it NOW. When it feels like life isn't improving try looking back to where you were 3 weeks ago. Would you go back to that? How about 2 weeks or one? We are sometimes the last ones to see the changes that are happening in our lives each day but they are there. Stay the course a while longer and see if you don't feel differently in a few days or weeks. Good luck and cheers. 
Personally I suck at meditation my anxiety is just way too loud. This doesn't mean I'm not practicing but it means I don't have that "turn off" feeling I enjoyed like you from alcohol. I finally found that coloring helps me turn off my mind. It's totally mindless just follow the lines. It's cheap it's time-consuming and it's something to do with your hands which helped me with nicotine cravings as well.
