-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/93zs7h/leaving_for_a_while/

Just wanted to say goodbye to some of the people who 'know me' on here..I'm not sure if being on my phone all the time on different things is helping my mind - I am incredibly down and mixed up so I'm going to delete Reddit and possibly take a break from all the other social medias too - my brain and mind are ill and I don't think being here is helping me really - my journey with drinking is personal and even though you all have been incredibly helpful and given me hope - at the end of the day I think I know all this stuff (please know this is not said cocky!) I just mean at the end of the day if I was to drink I would drink - your not here - you can't actually stop me if I really want to do it. I have some inner strength (somehow) and it's stopping me from drinking even at this incredible low I'm in so I think I'm going to take a break from online 'friends' - I will not drink - this is not an excuse to drink - I just need not to check in here everyday and have that on my mind - so bye for now and hopefully I will check in at or after 7 months as that is a personal goal to get past - (I've been sober 3 times and 7 months is the most I've got to before relapsing!).So bye for now see. You in a month or so xx.(I will read messages and sign off tonight) thanks again xxxxx
----------immediate responses--------

Good wishes and see you at 7 months...well done. 
I know back when I first started quitting I was also really really curbing my reddit social media etc. Actually the only reason I didn't delete reddit was so I could stay on SD but that is honestly all I did...There's a lot of addictive headlines and clickbait and suddenly boom! hours has gone by uselessly. I'm doing it right now actually... Old bad habits. At least I'm doing it sober...Anyways see you when you come back! I will not drink with you today :) 
Hey you do what you need to do to feel better!  That's the most important thing.  Wishing you well and lots of love x
