-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/946q6z/struggling_regularly_suicidal_realized_alcohol_no/


----------immediate responses--------

I have been having bad nights lately but when I wake up in the morning I usually feel better. That's good that you have the therapist appt. I should probably go that route myself. Keep your head up and I hope you're feeling better soon! If you need to talk feel free to continue the conversation! It could be therapeutic for us both. 
 Not sure what your condition is but it can't hurt to focus on your achievement of 45 days - that's something to really boost your self esteem.   Again whatever your condition physical exercise don't forget what a mood elevator it is. Keep coming here.ps - when I'm feeling bad I refer to these based on CBT:..THE TWELVE COMMANDMENTS..1.    Turn mountains back into molehills..2.    All-or-nothing thinking: finding somewhere in between..3.    Fortune telling: step away from the crystal ball..4.    Mind reading   take your guesses with a pinch of salt..5.    Feelings aren't facts..6.    Overgeneralising..7.    Labelling   give up the ratings game..8.    Making demands   think flexibly..9.    Mental filtering   keeping an open mind ..10.                       Keep the baby when you throw out the bath water..11.                       You can bear the  unbearable'..12.                       Personalising - remove yourself from the centre of the universe
There is nothing better than talking to someone face to face about how you are feeling. Many countries/cities have helplines. Can't hurt to call them if things feel tough...If you can is there someone close to you family/friend you can reach out to? All of us who have lost loved ones to suicide wish we had a chance to speak with them before they made their decision. When I am depressed nothing cheers me up more than contact with those I care about. ..They say the night is darkest just before the dawn. Do you have some goals to make? Some things you would write out about what you are looking forward to?..
Keep coming on here...it is a place to be safe and as honest as we need or want to be.  We do care as we understand that whatever our relationship/reasons for drinking we share a common goal to stop. You guys all know about my health anxiety and general anxiety ....family history...arguments with my older daughter any other triggers i have....i cannot believe how easy and supported i feel sharing stuff. If you ever felt really unsafe phone the Samaritans or go to a hospital. Don't worry it will get better especially without alcohol digging its finger nails in....IWNDWYT
[removed]
You will get daily support through email public forum and videos if you sign up to Annie Grace's 30 day alcohol experiment. It's free. 
You are not alone. I am in a very similar place. I have faith in you. Remember that you are loved. 
