-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9491ip/day_70_sober_day_27_of_feeling_like_shit/

The first month or so of sobriety was pretty easy. A little bit of boredom and loneliness as I stopped drinking and tried to find other ways to fill my time and social life. Then the anxiety hit. For the last 27 days I've been struggling with crippling anxiety digestive issues high blood pressure flu like symptoms stress and more. Every single day almost every day. It's exhausting and it sucks. Cardio barely helps. Diet doesn't seem to help much. I'm tired. But at least for today I will not drink with you.
----------immediate responses--------

Has anything triggered it ? Sorry you're feeling shit but you're doing so well to have 70 days. 
Have you ever tried breathing exercises ? They can really help 
I've found that having given up drinking which masked all kinds of medical ailments under the blanket of a hangover all kinds of things pop up. If you haven't consult a physician. 
Same with me being sober allowed me to realize underlying problems masked by alcohol.   Maybe it is time to take the next step and get to the doctors office for a checkup. Talk frankly with them. Seeing a mental health professional too  may not be a bad idea.   IWNDTWY. 
Have you seen a doc?  Might be a good time for an annual checkup if not going in for something more specific.
I just went to see my Dr. this week because I've been feeling similarly.  Mostly really tired and zero motivation to accomplish anything even though I've been treating my body better than ever these past few weeks.  It feels like depression but I'm not at all sad??  My Dr. thought the same as well but my blood test just came back and my red blood cells are large and my white blood cells are low.  Big sluggish red blood cells caused by drinking too much for my liver to properly process folate and we still don't know why my white count is low.  I'll be going back for a follow up in a month.  ..Go see your Dr.  Don't assume anything.  
