-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/949ins/hello_sd_i_am_three_huge_months_sober_and_really/

Sorry if my formatting is wonky am on mobile and not sure how this'll look.....I grew up in a farm town where everyones dad had a Budweiser in the drivers seat cupholder of their pickup and all the kids start drinking very young. The town spit out A LOT of alcoholics and substance abusers...myself included!..I started drinking smoking cigarettes doing drugs and breaking the law when i was 12. All that bad behavior became my coping mechanism for dealing with specific childhood trauma (that later my doctor and i have surmised caused my ptsd) and it snowballed all the way thru my teens 20's and my first year being in my 30's. I drank very heavily smoked like a chimney (cigarettes and pot) and sniffed cocaine from when i woke up (that is if i went to bed at all) til the bags were empty. ..Three months ago my family had an intervention for and i quit everything cold turkey! I had one relapse a few days into recovery in which i found the closest bar and pounded shots of tequila until i wouldnt be able to stand...only problem was i couldnt get drunk as my tolerance was so high. Ran out of money by like the 15th shot. Finally realized what a waste it all was went home then went back to rehab. Even got kicked out of the program(another story) but my therapist and i figured out a recovery plan that would work for me. So three months of hard manuel labor on my parents farm and a lot of swimming laps here we are.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on three months! That's a big accomplishment. How are you feeling now can you see a big difference in yourself mentally emotionally physically? ..I think farms can be very healing places. :) 
90 days is a great thing. Being in control is awesome. Well done and I am happy for you.
Thinking back we all made very stupid decisions especially when under the influence of alcohol. ..For me it feels good to know that I won't be making the same stupid decisions again because I can make better decisions when I'm sober. ..Now I focus on what I want to do and stop wasting time and money on people &amp; things that not important to me. I just turned 31 and I realised time is very valuable. I don't want to waste time getting drunk and hammered...Good luck OP! IWNDWYT 
So happy for you  
Congratulations 3 months is amazing! 
