-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94a0yn/the_weekend_is_coming_wish_me_luck/

I can't remember the last time I didn't binge drink on the weekend. Weekdays are easier but once Friday rolls around all the compounded stress of the week tends to set me off. I work from home on Fridays so even today is going to be a struggle...Please wish me luck. I'm going to try to hit a meeting today and tomorrow so I'm hoping that helps.
----------immediate responses--------

Luck! I thought the same thing my first weekend then second weekend and now the third is coming up...it gets easier :)
When I struggled with this it helped me to just stall for time.  Oh a craving?  Let me just play this game on my phone before I deal with that.  Or let me just start the laundry first or one episode of a show.....If I could push it back 20 minutes it might go away or I would push it another 20.  The other thing was to never wait to eat.  Cravings and hunger go hand in hand sometimes and I would talk myself into eating at a bar you know because the food is just SO delicious.  Eliminate that food option and my addict negotiator has a lot less to work with.
Stay strong I'm in the same boat. Good luck!
This will also be my first weekend not binge drinking in a while. I'm so thankful a friend messaged about playing pickleball tonight so I have a good reason not to drink. I won't this weekend and I'll think about you not drinking as well. We got this. 
Hey we are on the same day! Stay strong. I am having to fight back the urge to drink myself but i swear staying sober on Fridays is one of the most rewarding feelings there is. You feel so much better when you wake up and you truly have a whole weekend to relax and enjoy without feeling the negative effects of drinking the night before 
So far I've had a bottle of San Pellegrino and way too much chocolate but alcohol wise things are good. Thank you all for your support. It means so much. &lt;3 I'm looking forward to not being hungover with you tomorrow.
