-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94e5yn/it_wasnt_as_hard_to_stop_this_time_thoughts/

I've been sober since Monday. Typically I will say I'm going to stop and then last a day...or two. A few months ago I reached a breaking point and stopped for 30 days with the intention of "moderating" (LOL) after that. ...Nope. Went from stopping for 30 days (which WAS freakin hard) to drinking like a fish up until this past Monday. I hit another breaking point and decided I really hate this. The 30 days was the longest I'd gone in about 8 years and prior to that I'd had 8 months sober which was the longest I'd gone since I had started drinking at around age 20. ...Why isn't it as hard this time? Is it because I'm in the "pink cloud" phase. Is that what it's called? I did AA 8 years ago but not doing it this time. It's not for me. Has anyone else had this experience?.. Am I just SO OVER IT that it's easier? Maybe it's because life is easier right now and I'm going to therapy as well and have been talking about my struggle with drinking for awhile. Thoughts? ..P.S. I won't be back for a few hours and I will read any responses at that time. 
----------immediate responses--------

I've had that. Sometimes it seems easy sometimes it is hard...Congrats on since Monday!
I have also been sober since Monday and it's also been way easier than usual this time..no clue why. I'm counting on it getting hard sooner or later but enjoying the easiness while it lasts! 
You know I was just pondering that myself today. Easy this time around as far as no cravings. I put it down to learning a new skill getting better at it and not getting caught up in perfectionism or black-and-white thinking. Doing the best I can today keeping sight of my goals reminding myself how I want to feel and knowing I can live sober. I have choices...I too am in therapy and am more of a drop-in AA person having friends both in and out of the program. I don't feel pink-cloudy just average!.
Every quit is different so if you found an easy and rewarding quit hold onto that shit with both hands. You found a unicorn friend don't let it go and assume next quit you'd get another unicorn. Cuz you might get a horse you might get a zebra you might get a donkey you might get a goat. Hold onto this unicorn quit and don't let it go. I wish I hadn't taken my unicorn quit for granted after that I suffered a bunch of goats and donkeus when I finally quit (AGAIN) and got a horse I was like "stick here! Don't let this go it's not as good as the unicorn quit was but it's not as torturous as all those goats and donkeys!"..I think I tortured my metaphor.
