-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94g1au/1_month_in_but_tomorrow_will_be_a_struggle/

Quit on the 4th of July so tomorrow marks 1 month! I'm looking forward to a sober day but I know I will be tempted to drink. There's an annual beer and whiskey festival in my town tomorrow that I absolutely love. Last years event was one of the best days of my life but the next morning was not haha. I had VIP tickets for this year and a girl I'm crushing on is working there...I already gave my tickets away to friends but I know I'll be tempted to go. But if I go I'll definitely end up drinking. I plan to find some friends to hang out with somewhere else tomorrow to distract myself but it's going to be a long day no matter what...Posting here so I can look back tomorrow and (hopefully) be proud of myself for not giving in to the desire go to this event and drink. ...IWNDWYTomorrow
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the month. Think of how nice it will be to wake up after the festival and still have a chance with the girl you like haha..Stay strong. Happy to not drink with you! 
&gt; But if I go I'll definitely end up drinking ..Sorry for the tough love but you need to snap out of this way of thinking immediately. I've told myself this many times before "I know I'll end up drinking on X night so what's the point of fighting it?" I could have said that about ANY night of my life over the past 10 years or so.   ...Every time I've had anxiety over going to an event which in the past would have involved me drinking when it's come around and I've fought the urge the next morning or even during that night it's such a freeing feeling of 'Wow this is easier than I thought and actually fun!'..  .I second u/NotdrunkDJ and *personally* I would go to the festival and have the chance to have a lucid calculated conversation with your crush. With any luck she will notice you are more than all the other punters only there to throw booze down their necks. She will remember those conversations trust me. The next morning you will be on top of the world. Play the tape forward and stay strong!   ..."You miss 100% of the shots you don't take"..IWNDWYT
I definitely agree that the way I phrased that was pretty negative. So far I haven't skipped out on events just because I'd be tempted to drink at them and I've been successful. This event just feels like it would be a bit too much of a temptation for me. So there's a chance I could follow your advice and go have a good time there but I don't want to put myself in a situation where I actively think I might fail. ..Thanks for the honest advice though! It's good to hear things like that from time to time keeps my mentality in the right place.
