-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94ixz1/the_noalcohol_high_wearing_off_a_bit/

I'm having some thoughts here they may be jumbled because they're hard to articulate. Not even sure if they're worth sharing but I definitely feel like sharing and that's what this place is for! So humor me please  ..So it's been almost two months since I drank and let me tell you I feel just great about it. I've been reading this sub every day so I am not surprised that a few thoughts have crept into my head VERY subtly lately and I guess the best way to explain it is my desire to drink has gone from 0% to like 5%. I do not like this. I think my pink cloud went pretty fast because I'm still addicted to nicotine. So as great as I felt about being free of alcohol I couldn't let myself feel too good because there is still work to do. ..Still this time of quitting has been different than the others. First of all the other times were a  break for a while . This usually never lasted as long as I intended. This time is me quitting. Not taking a break. So when the fleeting desire comes through it's easier to shake off. ..You know why it's so easy to shake off? Because not drinking is literally the only thing I have right now. I am doing something that is SO good for me. I cannot let that go!!! If I do I'm back to square one. There are a lot of mistakes I'm making but before this I was screwing up everything. Now I have ONE thing. One great thing I have done for myself. After years of struggling to get this ball rolling I am NOT going to let it go!!! ..I can't go back to square one. Square one is shitty. And you know what else I have had a health problem with my thyroid crop up since I quit. I'm seeing a doctor and trying to figure out what exactly is wrong with my body. I go through mood swings and major dips in energy... sometimes I wake up feeling hung over when I didn't even drink. As fun as it is to get a buzz on for an hour and not remember the rest this is better. This is being a grown up! I cannot get myself or my life better if I keep drinking. I'm not going to say  I feel like shit anyway so screw it . I'm saying  Wow how much worse would this be if I still drank? ..I am going straight up Smeagol and I am not letting anything get in the way of my Precious freedom from alcohol. So the alcohol goblin can go fuck itself. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's great awareness.  This has happened to me many times in the past and awareness of the fact that it's happening is the best defense.  We learn more each time and now I know some of that sneaky voice's "trickses" as Smeagol would say.
I think your mindset is so great.  When that voice starts whispering we need to remember why we are sober. If I drink I have no hope.  Kudos to you for your awareness!  And I love the LOTR reference at the end. ..Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
I find that my craving for alcohol only last a short while like 5 minutes than it's gone again. I practice the  play the tape forward  method and think how shitty it will all turn out if I have that first drink again and that usually takes care of it. 
First off nice work...This post made me think about something I have noticed in my time sober:..It's boring...Let me be clear.  Getting sober is the best decision I ever made and I am extremely grateful.  I have done things and made memories that are extremely exciting or incredibly sad that make anything done while drinking pale in comparison but that's not the point.  The point is that once I got sober I stopped having days where I thought I might die from the hangover days where I made stupid choices days where I wake up practically hyperventilating with anxiety over what I might have done while blacked out...I think us alcoholics get addicted to not only the booze but the high frequency oscillations in mood/situation.  Since getting sober (well maybe after the worst withdrawals stopped) I haven't had a day where I can go from suicidally depressed to ecstatic and back in the span of a few hours.  ..I often wonder if what I perceive as "boring" is simply NOT teetering on the edge of insanity.  The pink cloud I think is the last big peak of this pattern.  Honestly a large part of my drinking was to insulate from external problems and internal feelings but I am much better at handling both the peaks and the valleys of life not drinking and that comes directly from being level headed and stable...Anyway not sure this is particularly pertinent to your situation currently but I can say from my experience that the enthusiasm for sobriety may fade but in the long run that's a good thing...Proud of you keep up the good work.
Great posts here. Thanks to all for sharing. 
What you wrote: "not drinking is literally the only thing I have right now" hits home for me. I have many areas of my life to work on and not drinking makes every other area of improvement feel possible. I feel so strong when I am sober. A popular quote I heard for the first time yesterday:.."Why give up everything for one thing when you can give up one thing and have everything?"
you're right on track.  Don't get too freaked out by those waves of thought and those internal battles going on.  Unfortunately they're inevitable.  I would try as best as you can to watch them happen from detached perspective and try not to let them grind you up emotionally too bad.  I know this is really hard though.  My internal battles totally put me through the grinder.  Every time it would feel like some back to the drawing board reassessment of whether I should stay sober or not.  I'm happy to report that at this point those internal struggles have diminished to like 25% of the intensity that they were at the 3 mark.  For me it was not really until about 6 months that I started to become more sure footed.  
Hi. I live in a rehab facility at the moment and it makes me wanna barf when people sit here and lie about how 'they have lost the desire to use/drink'. Playa no you haven't. You can't use at rehab and are living in a meaningless bubble that is only giving you what amounts to a good start towards a life of sobriety. The thing about bubbles is they burst. I won't dare say that I never get urges or have thoughts and cravings and I will never pretend that the game will be on an entirely harder difficulty level once I leave. ..That said I did notice recently the that the initial euphoric wave has worn off. I have to be supremely mindful of how I think about alcohol. The only thing that I can even claim works for myself is to remember how shitty and tired my life was when I was out there doing what I felt like doing. Coming here has put me on an entirely different path. Weighing what I truly want out of life against the joy of instant gratification is the number one thing I do that keeps me fighting the good fight. ..In addition exercising setting achievable goals and helping others has helped me as well and gives me a natural high. Good luck. 
I'm going to reply to both OP and u/deathbysexy on this:..I also felt I was getting boring as I got sober and that life was less interesting. But then I kept doing work at AA and realized that what made life 'interesting' in the past was I always had to be center of attention. I had to dominate the conversation I had to win all the arguments I I I..... ..When I started working the program I realized that my ridiculous pride had caused me a lot of problems. First it wouldn't let me admit I was an alcoholic so I ruined my marriage and my relationship with my kids lost my health my money and my happiness. Because I had to dominate every room I was a jerk and while I was the centre of attention as I wanted to be no one really liked me. ..So now that I have some humility (most of it imposed!) I don't try to control the conversation. I'm not the guy cracking the jokes or talking loudly over everyone. And yeah I'm a little bit more boring and life is a bit less exciting. But so what?..Life is good now. I don't have the stress and worry that I had. I don't have the burden of living a double life - "Frank the nice guy at work" and "Frank the drunk at home". And when I do go out and watch the guys with drinking problems make fools out of themselves by telling bad jokes talking loudly and trying to dominate a conversation I just sit back and think "Yeah that used to be me". ..And I'm happy that it's not me anymore. 
