-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94izxk/an_interesting_title/

I've spent every day this week picking a different part of the room we're staying in to deep clean and doing dishes/sweeping/taking trash out/cooking on top of it. Almost everything in the room we're staying in is clean there's just a big pile of laundry that we can't do because we have to use coin laundry and have no money and some dishes because my daughter has randomly started freaking out at me every time I try to do them. But the closet toy corner all table surfaces etc. are sparkly and organized. ..Still not good enough. My SO bitched at me as he was heading out this morning that he's  tired of working his ass off  and coming home to a  trashed house.  This is the same man who forgot our anniversary nearly forgot Mother's Day until his coworker offered him a discount on a bouquet of flowers he brought home at the last second (after already admitting he didn't do anything or plan anything for me) gave me a prize he won for free from work as a Christmas gift and won't cuddle me or show non-sexual affection (though it's hard to blame him for this this is part of a genuine condition he struggles with but it still sucks.) ..We fought and one of the last things he said is he's not happy in our relationship because I don't want to have sex anymore. I told him it's hard to have sex when I feel like he doesn't really want me he just wants a place to stick it in to get off and he had the nerve to tell me he doesn't do anything special for me because I don't for him. I'm sitting here staring at the card I had specially made for him for our anniversary with a lengthy message about how much I love him in it I'm thinking about every time I've rubbed his back this week I'm thinking about the fact that we get up when he wakes us up at 5am because he forgot to lay his things out the night before without complaint so I don't stress him out. I'm thinking about how he brought alcohol home three days this week even though he knows I'm trying to stay sober and it makes it really difficult and even though he promised to stay sober too. I'm thinking about a lot and I'm realizing that there is zero part of this relationship making me feel happy or good or good enough or worth anything. ..So I'm going to ask my friends if we (my daughter and I) can stay with them until I get a job. I told my SO and he called me freaking out about how I'm  taking his kid away  from him even though in my text I explicitly said we would have to sit down and work out a coparenting/visiting schedule. I'm at my limit with this I don't know what world he's living in but it's not reality anymore. ..And I'm still in the newborn stages of sobriety. I'm feeling really nervous about going through such a massive breakup and how I will cope with it. I NEED this to be the time I get sober for real. I'm so tired of the back and forth it's exhausting to be such a disappointment all the time. I just want my life back. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds intense but that you are seeing with some clarity. Wishing you the best to do what's necessary to take care of yourself. iwndwyt
Hello sorry to hear about your relationship issues.  I can relate as my wife and I went through similar experiences over the years.  We are still together and our relationship is in a really good place right now but that has not always been the case. ..It took us both considering calling it quits to finally sit down and communicate with each other.  When we did we both realized that we still loved each other and we didn't want to split up.  That's when the real work started...We read we talked we would have successes and failures but we made it.  It is still a lot of work but anything worth having is.....I think the most eye opening thing for the two of us was reading a book called "The Five Love Languages" by Gary Chapman.  We were both in our own way trying but the work we were putting in wasn't the right thing.  I highly recommend reading it and if he will have him read it as well...The trick is you both have to be willing to do the work.  The right work.  The book helps you two identify how to express your love to one another by understanding how you interpret loving actions...Anyhow I wish you all of the best and I hope things work out for the best.  Just remember drinking never makes anything better it just keeps you from being clear minded and in control.  Also if you do end up in court being sober says a lot when it comes to custody hearings...IWNDWYT!
I think you're being really brave. You have a love inside you that makes you strong and carries you forward and you listen. I support you and I'm glad you're trusting and honoring yourself and your needs. Keep taking care of yourself. IWNDWYT. &lt;3
The relationship you just described leaves no question as to why you have unhealthy coping skills. It's no wonder that alcohol has served your when faced with such toxic feedback and become a problem. Being in a partnership that is seemingly hopeless despite your best efforts would be a fine excuse to numb it away with booze. But in order to lessen the blows from one damaged relationship with your husband you've established another dangerous friendship with alcohol. Sounds like you need to work on your solo act. You need to remove people and things that are destructive to your life and work to develop a connection to yourself. By turning your attention inward you'll learn what sits at your core and how to embrace your spirit. You can build boundaries that will protect you from things that don't meet your standard of treatment. It sounds like space and time will give you a chance to evaluate what works for your life moving forward. Alcohol is a wicked and deceptive companion that leaves you ultimately powerless. It can be said fairly that your husband is far from showing you his best side and is making a routine of ignoring your value as a person in his life.  You deserve to receive the love and energy you give so freely. It sounds like the best you can do would never be half of enough and that will kill your self esteem. You can't give him the ability to exhibit such selfishness at your expense and get away with it. I think taking time to do some personal discovery will show you what you should and should not allow in your life. How you want to treated. Get out of the cycle you've found yourself in by ending relationships that don't promote health and happiness. Once you're able to call on yourself for the support and respect you deserve You can demand that those who wish to be around you follow those guidelines. There's worse things than being alone. And being your own best friend is one of life's greatest blessings. Who knows what your future holds? Your only control is deciding what it does not. 
