-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94jy3y/3_months_after_i_got_remarried_i_bought_a_new/

If you told me 4+ years ago that: .."In the 4 years of your sobriety you will survive being a caregiver to a spouse with cancer 2 times you will make it through your own injuries and surgeries...you will have to choose a divorce in order to stay sober  which will mean giving up your home to your ex...you will leave your dogs and your comfortable house and go live on your own. This will make it possible to find a new love who doesn't drink you will get remarried and buy a house where wild turkeys walk through your yard and deer lay peacefully in the shade by your shed.".....I would have asked you for a cup of whatever you are drinking...because clearly you must be out of your mind. ..But it came true and I survived...When I was in the depth of my active addiction drinking and using whatever I could to alter my state of mind many times I recall thinking about the opportunity to get three wishes granted by a genie. My first wish would be to miraculously have the desire to get drunk taken away from me. I thought it was a fairytale. I felt so trapped and hopeless and that nothing would ever change...The thing is if nothing changes nothing changes. I finally had to make a decision. I needed to accept that I couldn't do it on my own and I needed to ask for help. When I finally realized that I needed help and that my behaviors were going to kill me that is when things started getting better. And here I am. ..Over four years later life has been full of ups and downs challenges that I don't know how I got through other than by Divine strength and the support of those in my life...Today my mother and one of the women I sponsor in recovery will come over and help me clean and unpack some of the cardboard Mountain I'm currently living in. They will help me start to get settled into this new home. One of the reasons I picked the house that we now own is that it has room for me to host sober game nights and recovery meetings for other women. ..I looked at my new husband the other day and I said to him "Wow I will never have a memory of being drunk in this house. There will never be alcohol anywhere in our home at any time. This is a safe space." ..And then I cried. It has been a long road...and I'm so grateful for the blessings I've been given...There are no Genies going to grant wishes my friends. But miracles do happen. The first step is realizing you need help and being willing and ready to do whatever it takes to get that help. The road to recovery is different for everyone I will never say there is one path that should fit everyone. But I will tell you it is worth it...So if you are reading this having another morning of regret from a night of excess feeling trapped in an endless Merry-Go-Round of blackouts guilt remorse and shame please know that there is hope. Putting down the drink or the drug will not make everything perfect because life still happens. But it can be worth it and you are not alone. You are never alone there are many of us on this subreddit who have struggled with the same challenges celebrated the same triumphs and made the same dumb newbie mistakes. Welcome to Recovery. Welcome Home...Stay Sober my Friends...Mouse
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing your experiences! You are an inspiration...I remember hearing how much my life would change when I stopped drinking and I thought those speakers were flat out liars. It's truly incredible what is possible. ..Congratulations again on everything and best wishes on your continued journey IWNDWYT 
Congratulations and a very inspiring post love the  if nothing changesnothing changes   quote and I certainly will not drink with you tonightin your lovely safe harbouror anywhere else     
Way to go!
I needed to read this today. Thank you for sharing.
Beautiful post congratulations on all fronts!!!
I needed this today too.  Thank you.
Awesome post! You are an inspiration.
 thank you for this and congratulations!   
