-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94rbxv/365/

Is it wrong that I want to go get a tattoo today because FUCK. I made it.  One year.  .This time last year I was terrified.  I had no idea how I would make it through a day a weekend a week a month a Christmas a celebration  a long weekend a Canada day.    .This Naked Mind AA reading support amazing friends and this sub have made it possible.  And I've done so much hard work to get here.   .Today I'm going to take pressure off myself and just be proud of being me of surviving and be so very grateful for having been given the tools and people in my life to make this possible.   .I will today make sure they all know the difference they have made and continue to make to keep me on track.  This is just the beginning All the love to everyone struggling and wondering if they have what it takes.  You do you just need to believe in yourself.  You are worth it you have a life waiting for you that you deserve.   Iwndwyt.       
----------immediate responses--------

Excellent!!! Enjoy your day and keep going.  
Congratulations! Today is your day friend.  You deserve all the happiness you are feeling.  Just keep going forward!
Fantastic! Good for you! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!! Keep doing what you've been doing to this point and things continue to get better.
Awesome work! Gotta say I think getting a tattoo at a year is a cool idea. IWNDWYT. Hugs.  
Congrats! Whatchu gonna get for a tattoo?
Congrats on a YEAR!
Saint Butthead has some pretty good ideas. ..[https://www.youtube.com/attribution\_link?a=J3B2Uk-uE68&amp;u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DZtAQz5rJhPs%26feature%3Dshare](https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=J3B2Uk-uE68&amp;u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DZtAQz5rJhPs%26feature%3Dshare)
Hooray!  IWNDWYT as well!
Congratulation. IWNDWYT
Congratulations! IWNDWYT
Well done and thank you for your kind words just what I needed 
Congratulations. Stay dedicated.
Congratulations! Inspiring! 
Congrats fellow 365er! IWNDWYT 
Happy sober birthday! Congratulations!
Congratulations! Which months were the hardest if you don't mind me asking? I've never been able to get past month four. 
Congratulations!
Congrats! IWNDWYT indeed!
One year!!!! Congratulations!.. Be proud of yourself!..IWNDWYT
Big day! Thanks for taking the time out to share your gratitude and triumph. It's inspirational. 
Well done! IWNDWYT
mad props!
Congrats on a sober year! Post pics if you get that ink. I wish you joy and peace and I will not drink with you today!
Shit get two tattoos. Congrats
Yes live seeing other canadians here
How about some ink at 1000? Just playing but that is awesome that you banged out a full year. Stay strong!..Was it easier than you thought and do you even get tempted anymore? I personally hardly ever do but know that we're all just one drink away from starting over. I cherish my badge and look forward to more milestones like yours.
One year that is awesome! Congrats and treat yo self!!
All of us! IWNDWYT 
Awesome!! Congratulations - I'd say get that tattoo if you want to.
I'm totally getting a tattoo when I hit a year!
That's awesome.
My absolute favorite posts are the "365's"! Congratulations on your fabulous year. I am inspired. IWNDWYT.
Amazing! Sunday night tea cheers! IWDWYT 
Congrats! The tattoo thing isn't weird at all! I wanted to do the same thing when I got to a year. I just haven't thought of a meaningful enough design yet! 
You should be very proud...and thankful.  Sobriety is a gift at this point!  IWNDWYT!  
Congratulations!
Congrats to you and if you get a tattoo please share it  
Awesome!  Congratulations!..That one year mark really brings it home that sobriety is possible.
Congratulations! 
I am pretty sure I will get a celebratory tattoo when I hit one year in November! I am thinking of something incorporating leaves and have one leaf colored in to represent one year...Not sure if I would add on it or not but either way it will be a tangible reminder of new growth and choosing vibrancy/life over dulling myself with drunkenness...Congrats!
Congrats!  Feels sooo good right?  I hit 365 a couple weeks ago and I'm still considering a tattoo.  Or  a nice right hand ring or something.  I don't know... How do you celebrate something so amazing personal and transformative??  It's incredible. ..&lt;3
Congrats!!!
Congrats!
Congrats excellent work! 
Well done it's a great achievement! As someone who has a few tattoos to remember certain big events in my life I highly recommend it. Personally I make sure they don't show what they mean to anyone else and if someone who I don't want to tell about shitty parts of my life asks I just say they're pretty pictures. I have been thinking about something for my forearm and 1 year is a damn good memory so I may steal your idea :D
Congrats . A tattoo would be a nice reward ! I don't have any but 365 might be a good occasion for me too . 
Awesome job!!!!  
Congratulations from a fellow Canadian!
