-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94rts8/feeling_really_weak/

I'm in day 8 and I feel confused. This  was supposed to get easier and right now I feel so weak... Don't get me wrong even though this week has been hard It has been worth it. I'm grateful for being sober  and being able to work in improve myself and become a better person but at the same time I feel  like if I had a bottle next to me I wouldn't be able to resist to take a sip (or the whole bottle). ..Right now I will kill for feeling the liquor coming down for feeling that warmth...  Tonight I woke up in the middle of the night and wanted to drink so badly I nearly booked tickets to the town where I'm from  and not to visit my family or friends but because in there there are shops all around and I would be alone at my old apartment so it would be  the perfect excuse to relapse. That's the way I fucked up last time  telling myself that I needed to go to visit my grandma  when we all know why I was going there -- (I'm a horrible person I know)...Anyway right now it's not that complicated because I'm in a village with no shops nearby or friends to go out with so if I have a weak moment like this I'm safe but I don't know what's going to happen in the future and I'm scared. I don't want to relapse. I don't want to throw all the work away and I'm getting  tired of starting  again but sometimes I wonder how much more I can resist......Anyways just needed to write this down. I'm still planning to stay strong today...Thanks for reading..IWNDWYT...
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 8 days sober! Making it through the first week is huge! While the first week can be the most intense it may get harder from here. My hardest days so far were around days 50-60. It's helped me to focus on the fact that what I'm going through now will change and that at some point in the future I will feel better. But you will not be able to do this alone. Keep checking in here find an AA or SMART recovery group talk to a doctor and/or therapist and find some friends who support your decision to not drink. You will need all of that when the hard days hit. I will not drink with you today.
It wont get any easier to turn it down tomorrow if you dont turn it down today. Unfortunately for us addicts there is no "getting it out of your system" and drinking just once. That would make it even more impossible to say no again. Keeping your mind busy is your best friend
Hiya. If you stick with this sub and read posts regularly it really helps to motivate you to staying sober. That's my experience. IWNDWYT:-)
hang in there x x
I will not drink with you today!..I'm sorry you're struggling. You're not a horrible person at all. You're dealing with a very powerful drug and you're winning. The fact that you came here to post about it is proof that you want better things for yourself. Keep doing that and look for support. You can do this. ..I'm just a day ahead of you and I realised that I've been torturing myself worrying about what will happen in the future. What about this upcoming event will I be able to manage it? What about that music festival in October will I crack? Then I realised that I was "borrowing trouble" as the wise old ladies say. All we have to do is deal with the day in front of us. ..
Things got much easier for me in weeks 3 and 4 and now going into week 6 I finally feel at peace. First 2 weeks I still had a lot of internal conflict (not wanting to drink but also wanting to drink). My mind did shift. It has gotten easier...Best of luck. IWNDWYT
