-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94wl1z/planned_relapse_taught_me_everything_i_needed_to/

I had 6 months sober. Was getting very antsy about wanting a drink more and more often. Emotionally the idea of  throwing my streak away  was tearing me apart. Quite literally I was reduced to tears sometimes when I even had to be around other people drinking because it was mentally exhausting to fight with myself to not drink.. .SO. Big  ol music festival was this weekend. Planned to drink. This was me breaking my streak in a fun way instead of breaking it when I was feeling super low or upset. I figured if I could at least try to make it a  positive  reason for drinking it would help me out mentally..Well the festival was awesome. Loved all of the music. And drank a lot of overpriced wine. Like way too much for having no tolerance at all.. turns out 6 months stone cold sober means that 10 drinks over the course of the whole day feels just like how 30+ drinks used to feel. .So now I've been miserably hungover since 8:45am. Throwing up all day. So shaky I can barely get out of bed. I finally was able to eat a few bites of plain white rice and keep it down. I legitimately felt like death for 7 hours before I am just now finally able to keep my eyes open for more than 5 minutes. .Wow. What a glamorous day. This relapse legitimately taught me how much I hate drinking. This feeling is something I never want to experience again. I am beyond excited to start my counter over today and wake up tomorrow with a 2 next to my username. .Alcohol still did the exact same thing it did before. Stole my happiness from the next day. All of it. Today is a total wash because of it. And that's not how I'm planning on spending any more of my Sundays. Or any day for that matter. .I see this as growth for me.. because I'm stopping the cycle now. Not because someone is on my ass to quit drinking but because I truly want better for myself. I really enjoy life sober WAY too much to deal with this bs... it's just not worth it for me. I'm proud of myself for having the awareness to put down the booze and get back on the wagon..This giant wall of text will probably get read by legitimately no one but if you did read all of this you're a trooper. Hopefully you can learn a bit from my mistakes and not need to test it out for yourself.. my  experiment  sure is costing me a lot of misery!.Stay sober friends. It's better that way. IWNDWYT.   
----------immediate responses--------

I feel exactly the same except not such a bad hangover. I drank yesterday (a glass of wine) and just the one glass made me feel physically icky. I needed the reset. Way to go getting back on the wagon! Iwndwyt and hope your hangover goes away soon! 
I mean this in a good way but I'm glad it made you feel like shit!..Really makes you hit the brakes *fast* doesn't it?  :)
It's good to read this. I gave an unexpected get together with a friend this week. It was planned last minute &amp; im nervous. I just got through another friend being a houseguest....but this time I'll be out in a bar setting. ..Reading this reminded me to play the tape forward. When I wake up the next day do I want to jump in my car maybe go to the gym before I pick up my kids? Or drive home sick tired &amp; wanted to crawl into bed? No matter how much fun I may have that night....I would be paying for it the next day!
Did you drink as much or as little as you intended to drink.... or no such plan for intentions?
Read it all. I'll try to keep in mind your experiment so I won't be making one of my own. iWNDWYT. 
Nice research for the rest of us! Sorry yr hurting but it does help others IWNDWYT 
Sorry that you have had such a rough day. I remember that feeling very well.  Sounds like you may have needed the drinking experiment to strengthen your resolve to live a sober life. I now wonder why I made myself so sick for so many years after drinking wine. Ugh.  Best wishes and I hope you are feeling better soon.  .IWNDWYT.
Recon. complete.  Thanks for the report from the front lines of the battle.  Sorry for the injuries but you may have helped some others with your experience.  Next mission can be recovery.
I can tell u mean it...we believe in you. Relapse is normal. It took me 4 to learn I'm done.  Now I'm 8.5 months sober the longest I've ever been. I love my sober life. Miricles do happen. And keep manifesting. Sober us beautiful.  Congrats on loving yourself today and putting in work again.  Ur doing great.  It does not erase the 6 month u put in okay? Hugs
No matter how many times I try and convince myself it will be different I wake up with a headache and the worst heartburn that lasts for days on end.
I'm saving this. Thanks.
I've done several planned relapses &amp; had fun but they never were truly worth it. Felt like shit so it was hair of the dog or go run or ride till I felt better. Life is better without a buzz. It's difficult to remember that sometimes. Glad to see you're jumping back on the wagon. 
I read it!! Relapse is not fun that is for sure! Congrats on recognizing what you learned!
Thank you for sharing this with us. I just passed 7 months and I swear to god I'm feeling so restless and have had a more strong urges to drink in the last few weeks than ever before and I don't know what to do with myself (except go to a meeting which I keep doing). The other night I was at a bar and the bottles I swear to god were eyeballing me. lol. ..Thanks for this truly you have helped me. I really have felt close to a drink lately and now I feel farther away because of you. &lt;3 (feel better soon!)
So I'm nearing my 6 months and I'm feeling antsy too. I'm fighting with it. I had a conversation with a friend over lunch today and she asked for the whole story on why I quit. So I gave it to her and got teary eyed. I can't go back and I have to keep reminding myself of that. I need a meeting. Congrats on making the decision to stop drinking today! IWNDWYT 
It's all water under the bridge if it gets you to your goal. I really like a saying I heard here: "No one wakes up wishing they had drank last night."
Happy for you in that you are all in now. Also thankfully you made it back safely with only a hangover to deal with. This is encouraging for all of us because it confirms the aftermath of binge drinking. I was thinking of slamming some drinks in the near future but this is keeping me on the path! IWNDWYT. Keep it up!.
Wow!! Awesome post.  Brave of you to try dipping your toes back in...I don't think I have the cojones for that.  Awesome insight.  Glad you made it back!!..Iwndwyt.
Thanks for the research! Now feel better and get back on the wagon! IWNDWYT!
Yeah.  I think I'll plan a relapse after I'm old and retired and don't have a lot of responsibility just so I can go back to AA and get really into it and be that cool old guy in the meeting who brings donuts and always has a funny story.
Thanks for this. It's positive affirmation I can lock away for the future. I'm totally fine right now at almost five weeks but I do have that niggling feeling that temptation could rear its ugly head at any time. IWNDWYT
This was my weekend too. The worst part is that there's no satisfaction in telling yourself I told you so. ..Hopefully there is satisfaction in knowing that you can commit to another six months and the rest! IWNDWYT. 
Hiya. Thanks for your honesty. Welcome back on the wagon  friend. We are all here for you. IWNDWYT:-)
How do you guys go about getting a number of days without drinking next to your username? I'm coming up on a month without booze and would love to be able to watch my number grow by the day. 
Yeah I hear ya. I had a couple planned relapses in the past the ended up terrible. The last one turned into a 6 month long bender. Was awful. Anyway glad you're back. Good luck to you and sober on. I will not drink with you tonight.
I'm honestly disturbed by this completely cavalier attitude to just throwing months of sobriety away.  This is a life and death struggle for a lot of people and something like a "planned relapse" shows someone is not dedicated to their recovery.  Yes relapses can be part of the process but equating your sobriety to a "streak" and not a complete foundational transformation in how you think and behave is deeply troubling. 
Hey if it would have saved you from a miserable sobriety for maybe the next year or so and then hitting it hard because you weren't sure you were REALLY one of us....then maybe it was worth it.  There is a part of the big book that talks about trying drinking again and that it may be worth it to get a realistic view of yourself and who you are. I had a sponsor one time that told me years later he had 14 years sober at one point and drank again. Shit! That must have been so hard starting at day 1 again. Anyway 6 months was fairly significant but not the end of the world. You can definitely do it again.
I'm right there with you!  I soooo hate that "feeling good again" logic that keeps effing me up.  Until I crack that code I will not drink with you today! :)
Some lessons we need to learn the hard way! Good job getting right back on the sober train!
While relapse is sad to hear even if it was planned I am glad that this experiment for you was mostly positive! You've seen both sides of the street and I'm glad you are choosing the gift of sobriety! &lt;3
Same. I have had 2 planned relapses and one spur of the moment before I was finally able to kick it. Each one taught me a lot and that attitude of using this for growth is the right one to have rather than beat yourself up about it. If you can quit first try great. But I think a lot of us need to go back to drinking to know without a doubt that there is nothing good at the bottom of a bottle. Glad you're back with us.  
Awesome post! This just reminds me perhaps that relapses even the dirty ones can be helpful. All of my relapses have definitely taught me as well but most importantly where the traps are along the road to recovery. Kudos!
I reddit....lol..That's a mum joke btw...Super excited that your turn around time was so quick....I can assure you you are making a fabulous choice.
I felt a little cold and shaky from reading your description. I planned a few relapses. Those hangovers were the worst. Welcome back :)
Great message OP one I need to hear today and I thank you. You don't say anything about getting support from others IRL for your sobriety. Please get some. Thanks.
Keep us updated on whether it is back to day 1 as far as the cravings go.
Bbmf? 
Last time I went to a concert. Told my hubs I'm just having one. Ended up having 7 glasses of overpriced wine and also was hungover and sick. Final drink ever for me. Congrats on Day 2.
hey it's me alcohol!  Sorry about last night..  but this next time might be different!  You in?
It took a relapse for me to really know how much I wanted and needed to quit. Just a few drinks and I realized that I no longer want to feel like that. It sounds like you had a similar experience. In the end it's a toxin and once you realize that you can enjoy yourself without it and how shitty it can make you feel when you're not riding a constant low-key buzz in between drinking sessions you can get some perspective and see booze for what it really is...One day I hope that I can enjoy a single occasional glass of wine or beer for the flavor with a nice meal. If I can't though oh well...What you said about "throwing [your] streak away" is dead on - a lot of people (and AA for all the good it does really encourages this mindset) treat it like a game and being obsessed with the number just makes you think about it more. The truth is it doesn't matter how long you've been sober - you're sober today. Keep strong and IWNDWYT
It seems to be so common get a few months then get the itch then plan it all out excitedly then go through with it then massive regrets and "what was I thinking?".  Thanks for the reminder to stay ever vigilant and to talk to someone when the urge strikes and the plan to relapse is hatched in my brain.  Somehow if I just tell someone- "hey I am trying to stay sober but I made this plan to relapse at the music festival this weekend" to use your experience  it just seems to kill the desire to relapse because it is no longer my secret...Anyway thanks for posting this is great learning material and a great reminder for me.  I just passed 5 weeks.
Thank you for sharing this - it mirrors my experience and I have been feeling like an "outsider" for the way it made me feel. After I relapsed I felt like everyone at AA looked down on me or felt sorry for me because I had to "restart". But I don't feel that way at all! In fact I feel like my desire to drink has diminished significantly since my "experiment". Going from healthy to hungover overnight was just the slap in the face I needed to realize I wasn't missing anything. And now that I've stopped focusing so much on my number of days (quality of sobriety over quantity) it doesn't feel like I'm building a big scary tower and the bigger it gets the more I'm afraid it will fall over. What a relief!
To pile on now that I'.m 400 days out I've noticed that at about a year or so sober I started having as much probably more fun sober at parties/festies/shows than I ever did drunk...I was at a camping trip all weekend where everyone else was drinking and I had such a great time even after midnight when I was the only one sober. Multiple people commented on how much happier and more fun I was to be around lately....Good experiment I can't wait to hear your 365 day report next year!
I've definitely been one of those all-day drinkers at a festival. Idk why I drink at music shows. It just makes everything a blur and I don't enjoy it as much as I should. I've seen a few shows sober or with a single beer and enjoyed them much more. 
Thank you for sharing! I have done literally the exact same thing so many times. I saved this and will read it when I am planning my next drinking weekend. IWNDWYT
Really helpful story. I'm only 1 day in...but can relate. I'm new here and enjoyed reading all your comments. Thanks.
