-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94x5wu/manager_at_my_retail_job_thinks_im_on_drugs_now/

Long post.  Just some background I work a retail job as a part time employee but I work 5-6 day weeks.  I'm the only part time employee with an open availability (The other two part time employees work 2 days a week).  They really FUCK me on hours... Ill work 2 11 hour shifts then 3-4 three to four hour shifts.  I've worked for this company for 6 months.  For the first 5 months I would show up hungover sometimes still slightly drunk... but I always showed up on time.  It's literally one of the worst retail companies you can work for... minimum wage with competitive commission.  You HAVE to sell scam extended warranties to a certain percentage of people and you HAVE to enroll people in credit cards with RIDICULOUSLY high interest rates or you will be fired.  ...During the time I was drinking at this job the managers were always kind of dicks to me but I never got into any kind of "trouble"... at all.  I was always on time I met my quotas (even if it was convincing people who could barely speak English to purchase warranties they didn't need... all that fun BS) would waste gas driving to and from this place for a 3 hour shift just so the full time employees could get lunch breaks.  Anyway  ...Three weeks ago I called out sick for the first time for a 3 hour shift because I was getting medical attention for alcohol withdrawal.  We get paid sick time and I brought in a doctors note.  I worked two weeks while on a benzo taper.  I was very competent at my job while on the meds and more focused.  ...1-2 weeks off benzos I'm kind of an anxious wreck.  I've lost nearly 15 pounds in the past month by cutting alcohol.  I'm just visibly more anxious and emotional at work too.  I will think about things in my personal life and go into almost a trance like state.  This job is really stressing me out and I didn't realize that I'm noticeably more anxious.  ...I got called into my managers office recently and he accused me of being on coke/meth.  He asked me this straight up ("Are you on any recreational drugs right now?  You seem like you've been tweaking on drugs you've lost a lot of weight and are acting very awkward and shy") and it was kind of unprofessional.  I don't have a great relationship with my manager.  I told him I'm not on any drugs and that I have an anxiety disorder.  He asked about why I missed work a few weeks back and tried to be "buddy buddy" with me and asked me "Well if anything is happening in your personal life you should let me know now because maybe it would make more sense to me".  I told him I have bipolar disorder and an anxiety disorder and have had to meet with doctors and get on new meds.  I told him I'm going through mental health issues and I didn't think it was affecting my job.  He kept on prodding and asking me if I am an alcoholic or a drug user.  I told him no.  He was asking me what type of psych meds I'm on and if I take any opiates.  I said no...  ...It's been very weird since then.  My manager is constantly hovering over me calling me in for "performance" reviews... asking me how I'm feeling.  He then constantly brings up that if my warranty rate goes down any further he will terminate me.  ...Really struggling with anxiety and this job.  Bad rebound anxiety from being off alcohol finally.  I didn't realize I was acting or looking so different.  I'm super anxious thinking about going in for 11 hours tomorrow.  I have a psychiatrist appointment in the morning.  I'm thinking of calling out sick and cashing in more paid sick time I have accumulated but I'm afraid I'll be fired.  I haven't been written up for anything at this job... the full time employees each call out at least once a month.  I've only called out once.  Really tempted to drink tonight because of how stressed this job has made me. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ok don't drink please.  You  know that will just make all of this worse in the end.  If I were you I would go above the manager and talk to their boss.  See the manager was completely wrong with asking you about your meds and any HR office would agree with that.  You never have to divulge what meds you are on.   I would try to speak to someone in the HR department and explain to them in detail what is going on.  They will be able to rein in the manager without telling him what is going on with you cause by law they cannot tell him.  If you do go in tomorrow immediately tell them you need to speak to someone in HR.  Good luck. 
Is there anyway that you can start looking for a new job?   
I would say that your number one priority for tomorrow is the psychiatrists appointment and that drinking tonight would either cause me to miss it entirely or I would show up hungover or drunk in a fog. Try to keep that in mind tonight to dissuade you from drinking. ..The work stuff is really tough. I'm sorry your supervisor put you in a position where you felt threatened and had to go into details about your mental health. Is it possible to start looking for another job? For me being able to look for another job may help me feel less trapped and like I can figure out some more options rather than having to be watched over or threatened with my job. 
Please don't drink tonight.. that will interfere with putting your resume out everywhere you possibly can!  It sounds like this is an excellent time to be job searching.  How does unemployment insurance work where you live by the way?  Have you looked into the possibility of using that if need be in order to tide you over until you find something else?  Remember at least where I live if I were to get fired without proper reason I would qualify for government insurance and if I am under enough duress and stress I can possibly get a recommendation for stress leave and insurance.  It may help ease your anxiety to look into your options in that way to send out some resumes and look into all possible options.  Drinking will only make everything much worse.. and you're doing so well staying off booze and making headway into sobriety even if it is stressful at work.  Your job sounds like it's stressing you out.. something else may feel better at this time for sure.  You can do this buddy.  Hold strong ok   things can get better.   
I've done hardcore commission sales and it sucks. It's not you it's them. You're doing a great job. I was a lot happier when I found other work which was still sales but it wasn't the terrible environment like you describe and I have also experienced.
First off congradulations on getting sober! Secondly do not drink tonight. It wont solve anything and add a host of new problems. Thirdly have you tried searching for a new job? It is immensely easier to get hired if your already employed...I dont know how you feel about AA or smart but having a group meeting was very helpful for me in dealing with my anxiety depression and all the stupid bullshit that life throws my way. Listening to other people's problems helped me get out of my own head and sharing my own issues helped take a huge weight off my back. And who knows who is out there listening in those meetings? There might be someone with a couple promising entry level job leads that can help you out if you share your story about your boss or have some solid advice on how to deal with your situation. I have tons of bones to pick with AA but I know that for the most part the fellowship is there for me to offer help and guidance when I need it. Try going to a meeting and sharing your situation with them. At the very least it'll feel good to talk about it in person and absolute best case scenario there will be someone there that can hook you up with a new job or refer you to where they work score you an interview and put in a good word.
I just got out of a toxic work environment. I'm sorry you have to deal with this. 
The manager is a creep!  The company sadly a collection of lowlifes... anyway just work your way out of it. Don't let some third rate slug derail the whole train. Iwndwyt 
Every job has a dickhead and a control freak but at minimum wage you can only go up apply apply. I found after I quit a few weeks back I had more energy to work longer hours at a better job than I held and even for my wife hired on too
