-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94xx8m/question_for_12_step_meeting_attendees/

How to know if you should keep a sponsor?..I love my sponsor dearly but holy shit is she flakey. ..I in no way think a sponsor should give someone all of their time. Absolutely not. ..However I am my sponsor's only sponsee and she still can barely commit to me for anything. ..I have flaked on her once I admit but she has done it in some way to me multiple times. ..I remember one night I really wanted to drink and was struggling a fuckton and we had agreed we'd see each other and then she bailed bc she was watching a movie with her daughter and was tired. ..And a few other times that I can't even be fucked to talk about because my head is so fucked up. ..We were on the phone 45 minutes ago and it was obvious I was having a fucking hard time. I made that very very fucking clear. She says hold on I'll call you back I am getting settled in I promise I'll call you back. Has not called back. I don't even want to pick up the damn phone when she does. ..I feel like I can't even rely on my sponsor in my real times of need so what's the fucking point?..And how do I know if this is just my alcoholism trying to drag me away from recovery or if she really is just flakey and is fucking with my life?..Sorry for all the fucks. I feel like I am unraveling. I don't know why the fuck none of this shit works out for me. And I feel like I have no one. 
----------immediate responses--------

You have me. .You have SD. .You have the right to change sponsors. .You have the right to change meetings. .You have the right to tell Flakey you feel let down by her...I will not drink with you today  my friend.   cyber hugs 
Hi there I'm not an expert on this by any means. I do know that a sponsor isn't meant to be the only source of support in recovery. I'm working on talking to other women after meetings and getting phone numbers so I have a list of people who I can reach out to when I need support. ..I've talked with some people about sponsorship in general and my understanding is that it's a relationship. Like any relationship it needs to work for both people. If it's not working for you it's perfectly fine to bring up what isn't working with her. She may have overestimated her ability to commit time to a sponsee. She may also be able to help you find a different sponsor or agree to keep working with you until you find one.
Sushi!  Hi.  You need a new sponsor it sounds like.  Remember there's the live chat on here somewhere too ok?  Any time you need to talk ASAP it's always running.  Hold strong buddy.  I won't drink with you
You got us. .I've had a couple of sponsors. I didn't run through them by any means but the first two who I worked with it didn't work out. The first sponsor I had told me I would surely be drinking again if I didn't work the program (to be fair I really hadn't stopped yet so I guess she was right) second I just didn't have a lot in common with. Both were kind when I moved on. .Found someone about 8 months after I started going to aa. We both have busy schedules and sometimes it's frustrating but she's always made it clear that helping me out is a priority and I couldn't be any more grateful for that. .Are there others you've met at meetings that you might want to work with?
Find a new sponsor. You're not imagining it this isn't good enough. This shit is life or death and you are willing so I don't see any reason she should be wasting your time. Find someone else and then just tell her you feel that you're not clicking as sponsor and sponsee and you wish her the best. 
[removed]
I had a hard time with AA being run by members for this very reason. It's just like anyone can join which is great but it's not like getting a sponsor is a guarantee of quality professional guidance. There are a lot of great people in 12-steps but also a lot of flakes. 
You good. Posting is great and so long as you don't drink tonight tomorrow will be a new day. Sounds fking cliche and cheesy but let's go to be sober and tomorrow will be a new day. Definitely bring it up w yr sponsor she may be going through something or maybe isn't on the same page as to what you need from a sponsor..Either way glad yuh here I've definitely been feeling squirrelly lately so I relate. 
[removed]
I feel you. I *finally* got a sponsor after going to meetings for about 4 months and I have seen her exactly ONCE outside of a meeting. Another person was sort of hounding me to ask her to be my sponsor for a while before I did but I thought "no she seems like she's pretty busy w/kid etc." but I overcame my fear and asked her and she said yes and guess what? She seems pretty busy all the time w/kid etc. and has also canceled on me more than once. It's really just feeding into my already deep rooted stories about myself that I'm a burden annoyance etc etc. Bleh. I have never called her but have texted and sometimes she doesn't even text me back for DAYS/WEEK(s). Not super encouraging to me if I'm ever in dire need which thank god I haven't really been in thus far. I don't know what to say to help you I guess just wanted to say I feel you. Hope you either find someone else or are able to work something out. 
