-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/94zrcr/69_days_sober_im_still_feeling_like_ive_lost_my/

This sobriety thing has ruined the longestmost comforting loving expensive and destructive relationship I've ever had. .I miss him dearly Even Evan Williams was his name. .I met him when I was about 17 I was a reservist. .I had been back from basic training for about 2 months. My unit had a three day weekend drill at fort Sill. .It was a Friday night and we had all gotten settled in the barracks for the night. The older enlisted were playing cards and drinking out of the metal canteen cups.  One of them offered me some "nut hair grower". I'd been drinking beer since 13 with some liquor here and there sprinkled in. So I said yes with gusto. .Lord I was in love that night by bed time. The next night I had my own bottle. Since then I can not think of a time since then I haven't had a bottle around. ..Evan was there for the creation's of both my kids thier subsequent birth's and helped me celebrate every birthday since. He was the invisible best man at my wedding and he made sure I enjoyed my divorce way more than I should have. He has co-signed for every unpaid item on my credit report with invisible ink. He was always a great wingman always dicking down the angel on my shoulder so I could make every poor decision I possibly could. My relationship with him made every woman I was ever in a meaningful relationship feel like a side bitch! Evan's cold hand held mine when my dying mother couldn't in that ICU room as I watched her flatline. After I accidentally demolished my house in the fire of 2018 He even gave me an "btd"as I call it a bottle transmitted disease; alcoholic pancreatitis. Now he too has passed his departure from my world has been worse than that of anyone else. ..In May of this year I started to plot out how to get out of this abusive relationship like any one else would. I called my dad the same dad I held at arm's length for years so I could be with Evan. He didn't show up and play captain save a hoe though. He was hesitant to say the least. He could always see the monster Evan was no matter how I dressed him. My plan was simple. Ask my ex wife to take the kids full time time till I was in recovery and to store what little I owned after the fire in her garage. Then I was to move in with my father. (I'm native American and get free healthcare through them in order to go to rehab I had to be in the coverage area for my tribe. Dad lives in that area. .My step mom is a nurse and said I'd have to keep drinking to avoid the medical issues until I could go inpatient) After the move to dad's I was to go to the Indian hospital and seek treatment. ..My plan was enacted flawlessly. I left the following Thursday after many tears with my kids. Before I left I already had an appointment at the hospital for Monday. I showed up to my appointment and within 10 minutes I had another plan!..I was to leave Friday at 9am for a medical detox followed by inpatient rehab. The Thursday before I left I bought my last bottle of bourbon. I told the clearly that I was buying my last bottle of bourbon. He laughed and said see you tommorow! .Between 6pm Thursday and Friday at 11 am when I signed in to a different hospital for my medical detox I drank that entire handle plus the half of the other handle I still had. So 3/4 a gallon of Evan in 17 hours. I wasn't even tipsy. I threw away my empty water bottle of bourbon with absolutely no fanfare grabbed my three bags and walked in to sober up. ...35ish days later I was released and turned over to an Oxford House by my choice. I had spent so long living drunk I knew it would take a very long time to learn to live sober. .I live in the Oxford House now with 7 other dudes. Sharing a room with 2 other men. I go to 3-7 AA meetings have a sponsor I'm working the steps. .I have a therapist (the rapist) go to a "living in recovery" group therapy both every week. Every other week I see a recovery support specialist. I work 40-50 hours a week. I also have a loving girlfriend that supports me and my recovery probably more than I do. .I can't drive (DUI) so I bike or bum rides everywhere. ..All this and Evan is always on my mind. I miss him so much Im reminded of him every other commercial. Everywhere I go Evan and I went there together so many of my memories have him in it. Fuck even the smell of cut grass reminds me of when we used to do yard work together. ..I keep thinking he has moved on to a better place. .He isn't in pain anymore. .It will get better with time you know all the shit people tell you at a funeral when a loved one passes. .Aa has taught me to "keep coming back" "one day at a time" or "easy does it". .It's like I'm waterboarding myself and I can't take my hand off the jug of water I'm drowning myself with. .69 days of absolute misery greif and saddnes. ..Thanks for listening don't worry I'm not relapsing not today anyways. I've got sober shit to do. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Fuck that is a heavy story man thanks so much for sharing. The best friend analogy is awesome and something I'd never thought of... something a lot of people wouldn't understand but most of us here are more than familiar with him or her. Like all best friends who move on I'm guessing those memories fade with time though I'm hoping anyway! 
lol...I first met Evan in NYC.  I was living in Hell's Kitchen.  There was a liquor store near Penn Station.  Very educational place.  They had the top shelf brands on display in the window but would have a lesser known cheaper brand next to it.  Stoli vodka with an imported Polish brand next to it or Johnnie Walker and Famous Grouse.  They had Evan next to Jack Daniels.  ..Enough nostalgia time to get ready for my AA meeting.
You can do this!  You don't need Evan anymore. A better chapter of your life is coming. I wish you the best!
Sup the devil's brew and forever changed. But a few angels on our shoulders and we can change our path completely. Don't give up.
Read your entire story.  Sounds so familiar to me how booze becomes the foundation of our lives.  Everything revolves around it and takes a second place.  Thanks for a good reminder.  Wishing you well on your sober journey!
I too had to grieve for alcohol. Drinking kept me from killing myself. It wasn't until I had been sober a few years that I heard a Speaker share from the podium that she had realized that she had to grieve her "best friend who was her worst enemy" and so much became clear to me. Alcohol saved my life and then took away the parts that had been good. Thanks for sharing so elqoquently-you should submit this to the AA "Grapevine". We all need reminders of how complicated it feels to let go of the thing that is killing us...IWNDWYT
Wow. Powerful.  Made me think of  Native American writer Sherman Alexi's memoir You Don't Have to Say You Love Me where alcohol flows through the lives of many significant people in his life and through his own life as well.  A marital therapist has a break-up ritual for people who are ending relationships where they say what they will miss about the person they are leaving why the decision had to be made and what they are looking forward to.  Like your relationship with Evan I had one with Whitehaven.  I didn't just drink I would walk right by  other wines liquor beer.  I wanted  one wine and one wine only.  And thanks to you I think I will do that breakup ritual for WSB.  Thanks for posting. May your misery grief and sadness be replaced with non-alcoholic pleasures and a meaningful life.  Something tells me you do have ground under your feet and that you are on your way! IWNDWYT
This is the most beautifully written thing I've read all day. I promise it gets better. I still have moments like that believe me and in all honesty I didn't even feel that much better until this month. The lack of the shame and guilt the morning after is all that kept me sticking to it for a while. Sometimes thats enough but now - now it's really nice most of the time. I'm not pink-clouding it - and it didn't make everything better - but to wake up clear headed every day with no embarrassment at what I may have done the night before  and no guilt because I drank too much (again) is helping shape every morning into a great day. Evan is that shitty friend that you remember all these good times with - but you also know they're talking shit behind your back and making people look at you differently. Leave him in the past. I'll happily not drink with you today.
Evan Williams is the exact thing I drank only Evan Williams for years. My liquor store of choice gave me EW keychains my friends asked if we could drink something else my boyfriend knew what he was getting when I sent him into the store. Evan Williams is also the first drink that I blacked out on- and continued blacking out nearly every time I drank it so nearly every night. Three weeks ago I took a couple shots of EW with my friends maybe 5-7 and can't remember a thing from that night. I used to wake up and still feel the Evan in my body in my brain still drunk from the night before and I hated it. But I do get jealous when I see other people with it. IWDWYT
Speaking only for myself. It is false to say that I don't have good memories from drinking.  I have some precious and hilarious memories from back in those days. The problem is I tend to romanticize those 10% of good times instead of the 90% of bad times.  Taken on the whole my life is greatly vastly improved by not drinking. As this survey shows us that is the case for virtually everyone who gives Long term sobriety a chance.  Stick with it it gets better every day. It also gets a little easier every day.
This made me cry. Best of luck to you! 
I can tell you where the ew is located in almost every liq store in this city. That way I could give people directions on how to get my booze when I otherwise was unable to go to the store for myself. .
Thanks for the idea I didn't know I could submit to them. I'm still new!
I hear you. I was an active drunk for 20 years the last three of which went berserk. I was drunk by noon and then drank my memory to shreds for the rest of the day. I have enormous stretches of time that I can't account for. 2016 for example. ..There is nothing in this world that I don't associate with drinking because it was everywhere with me. Work reminds me of drinking. Mowing the lawn reminds me of drinking. Cooking dinner going to my kid's Cub Scout events grocery shopping. Drank through everything. And almost destroyed my life in the process...I'm at 47 days. Is it hard? Sometimes. And then sometimes I think of a friend of mine who died from his addiction 49 days ago and I imagine how my kids would feel forever if I let myself go that route...Booze is everywhere but it ain't in my hand or in my bloodstream. And every day that I keep things that way is a good day. ..I know this is all a bunch of bullshit talk and doesn't change your struggle today. But it won't be a struggle forever. You gotta do a good hard analysis of the  friend  of yours and come to grips with the fact that you got played by a con man. He was never your friend. Pick up the pieces of your pride start thinking about him as the backstabbing manipulative fuck that he is and start making friends who look out for your best interests. Booze ain't one of them.
Congrats on 69! My bffs were Jim B. Ans my buddy weiser. It was tough to break up with them. I have been reading about John Barlycorn their great grandfather written by Jack London. There is a free copy of it on Project Gutenberg Im not finished reading it yet though I highly recommend reading at least the first few chapters!.IWNDWYT
This is so well written and soooooo relatable ! Congratulations on 69 days!!! Brilliant !!...
I love your post . We are close in days . The power of our minds . I was married to a verbally abusive person . For over 2O years I was very lost in my own head . When I spoke of him to others  I spoke very proudly and as though he was such a great person . The truth was he was cold and cruel and his mouth would stop at nothing to try to tear me down . Our son included . Funny though not many people saw his abuse  it was behind closed doors . He showed the people around us the side that I so desperately wanted to be the real person I was also seeing . Long story short . To this day he still has a split personality . It's very obvious to me that he's in denial of the detriment of his verbal assaults .In the event Im the focus of his deep rooted anger and lack of compassion  I go numb . It's unacceptable by me . No one deserves abuse . We all deserve to live our lives free to be who we are and no one or nothing can take that unless we allow it . I'm not allowing him or alcohol to abuse me any longer . As it seems from your post either are you !!! IWNDWYT. 
[removed]
I'm so glad you're in rehab and doing well. Tough story. What's weird for me is that I felt the same way every time I quit (like I was missing my best friend) until I read The Naked Mind. There's something about it's mental reprogramming that has seemingly forever changed me and I don't miss the booze (most of the time) and more have a feeling of god I fucking hate that shit and what it does to people and did to me.  I hope you find your way through this. Thanks for sharing your story please keep on sharing if you wish. IWNDWYT. 
Thank you for sharing your story. It sounds like you keep busy which is good. And I'm glad to hear that you have a support network What do you do when you have down time? Is there anything that helps distract you when you think about Evan?
I've been re-reading This Naked Mind and just a free minutes ago I came across this passage.  It reminded me of your post about losing your best friend:..."Some drinkers think quitting is like losing a best friend. You know the truth: This friend is actually a backstabbing fiend who wants to slowly kill you by destroying your body and your mind. This friend is your mortal enemy who if given the chance will keep you engaged in a horrible confusing battle until your death. Don't let him. Kill him now and forever. Enjoy his death dance on his grave and remember there is absolutely nothing to mourn."..If you haven't read the book I highly recommend it; I was skeptical for *months* that a "self-help" book might make a difference.  Finally after trying and failing on my own I broke down spent the whole $10 downloaded it to my Amazon Kindle phone app and started reading...Cheaper than a bottle of wine;.changed me for a lifetime.
