-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/950460/one_of_the_most_humiliating_nights_of_my_life/

I have had a real history with substance abuse mainly alcohol when I go out because I feel so anxious that people will automatically think I'm stupid without it and I will seem like a tranquilised weird mouse without it...Things have been really good recently I've had the most amazing week off with my BF and then I had some to drink at a local event where so many people from my high school were including many people I know socially and my boyfriend's brother and his brothers work friends...I completely blacked out after 3-4 drinks started slurring my words went up to a woman whose daughter died some years ago spouting on about oh how amazing she is just so inappropriate it's like it wasn't me... the poor woman. I was dancing like a fool and kept falling over and over again and I don't know if I was sick indoors and I was slurring my words so badly then fell through the door and had to be carried home projectile and vomited in the street. There must have been 500 people around that might have seen this...And I look like a fucking crazy person a massive failure as per usual!..I woke up at my sister's house just wanting to bloody kill myself because of the shame. My boyfriend is supportive and I have no idea why he still wants to be with me...I'm now too scared to go into town fearing who might have seen me. The bouncer was furious and people from my high school work at the event (a pub) all the time. I feel I can never go back due to the shame and embarrassment and I don't know what to do... It's such a small town I just want to move away and not come back. I struggle enough with avoidance as it is and this was the big one...I got a date rape drug kit coming in the post today at some point hopefully it's not too late to take it. I've never reacted so bad to alcohol in my life and it had to be on the busiest night of the year with all my old friends and their parents and BF and bfs work friends (One of which I was so drunk I was telling them about my child abuse!!!)...I just want to crawl into a hole and die. I can't tell you how many times I was sick the day after it happened it's been so painful and one side of my body is really damn sore. I'm trying to cleanse my liver gallbladder and everything as much as possible. I just wish I could be normal like everyone else. I've only listed one or two things that were really bad..
----------immediate responses--------

Please don't beat yourself up over this episode. Alcohol is a poisonous addictive drug and unfortunately this is what happens from time to time. Something very similar happened to me once after only 3 drinks and it was a real wake up call. You can let this be a motivator to take a hard look at your drinking and make a decision to change. Take care of and be kind to yourself. People will forgive your behavior but you must also forgive yourself. 
Hey! First and foremost thank you for checking in here and sharing your story. You are not hopeless. You may have had 1 bad night but you are not a bad person...&gt; Is there anyone who can help me overcome this?..There are absolutely resources at your disposal for combatting this. I can only recommend what has worked for me others may have other opinions and options! For me AA has been a huge help. It is a community of people I identify with who also have struggled with alcohol and the havoc it wreaked on their lives. Step work through AA has helped me to become a better version of me than I am drinking. If you ever have any questions about AA feel free to reach out!..Also the book This Naked Mind! I read it a few months ago with 1.5 years sober but it still had a big impact on me. It essentially unravels all the societal reasons we have created to drink and breaks them down with evidence. Cognitive dissonance is strong!..In any case you never have to be drunk again. You never have to be hungover again. You have the power. You have a community here who wants nothing but good things for you. Take care of you today &lt;3 You have had a rough weekend and self-care is important.
Give yourself a break you're not the first to make an arse of yourself because of drink and you won't be last either. You can use this experience as motivation to start exploring the idea of living sober I did that when I had a very bad drunken night 9 months ago that almost ruined my relationship. I'm now at my fittest mentally and physically for a long time. Good luck with it. 
Oh no! I've made a fool of myself too. Things like puking over my colleague's shoe during an celebration at my university. And mind you I'm not a student I am a teacher/researcher there. There were a lot of students around me. So unprofessional and embarrassing. I got kicked out of a bar twice and spent a night in jail once to sober up when I became aggressive. I am a woman. ..You know if people bring it up and talk about you you can always claim that you have been drugged. Even if that might not be true. It's not the most ethical thing to do and people likely forget about it in a week but if the shame really becomes too much you can always do that. ..This never has to happen again. You can stop drinking and be proud of yourself again. You never have to feel like this ever again. You can do it!
[removed]
My last night of drinking was a pivitol point in my life.I am not the same person anymore.I am new and improved.So in a weird way it may be one of the best moments ever.I will never be that man again.Take carebe stronguse it.
I am glad you're here and I'm very sorry it happened. I've been there. There is a lot of self accountability in your words and that's a good distinction between  want  and  will  to change. The way I looked at it was that type of behavior is forgivable one time. It is not repeatable. This time next year you could have one year sober under your belt! That is a huge motivator to keep going. When you're sober it is easier to hold your head up high and make sure your chin remains on the right side of the scale. Don't blame yourself and don't dwell just CHANGE! Can't wait to see what is next   
It's ok I think most if not all of the people in this sub have done something that questions their drinking (aka have done really dumb embarrassing shit) or else we wouldn't all be here lol. As bad as it feels now this too shall pass. I can promise you everyone else isn't thinking of it anywhere near the way you are. We are our worst critics. People forget just focus on doing better and in time everything will get better. IWNDWYT
 A tranquilized weird mouse  is an okay thing cute even! Try it for awhile. Embrace your weird sober self. Yeah it does feel strange at first. But sobriety has its benefits as many here will tell you.
I am sure that many people at the gathering were jusf thinking ..'glad it's not me tonight' we have all done it. It was yesterdays news only you are left with the stress and anxiety of what alcohol made you do. Be a bit kinder to yourself. IWNDWYT
