-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/950irs/im_done/

I got ridiculously drunk at a family bbq this weekend. I'm so embarrassed. I hate myself. I don't tend to have a problem with needing to drink I just struggle to know when to stop. So I'm stopping all together for a while. 30 days is my first goal. Let's see...I am so unhappy. I've apologised to everyone but I know that doesn't make it right. I've declared myself the designated driver for the month though so that should help. Hopefully I'll manage to lose some weight as well.
----------immediate responses--------

I remember feeling that way when I realized that I needed to make a change. That sounds like a reasonable goal to aim for too...Good luck! 
Deep breaths &lt;3 You had a tough weekend be kind to yourself. Your first self-care step was choosing to take a break from alcohol. That's wonderful. But be kind to you.
I'm on Day 3.  My Day 1 started after sending a completely insulting text to a friend after having 5 too many glasses of wine.  I woke up disgusted and like you apologized. I beat myself up for the balance of the day and next but then it dawned on me.  Screw it.  I apologized and acknowledged that I was wrong.  What was the hardship to my friend?  She had to endure a nasty text.  So what?  She'll get over it.  My challenge?  Far greater and harder but I took the big step of joining this group to help me kick this crappy addiction.  Your family will get over it and will respect you for taking steps to make sure it doesn't happen again.  BTW:  if your family is like mine then they ALL know you have a drinking problem and were just waiting for you to do something about it.  You've got this one.   IWNDWYT!
Those were my exact words to my wife the night I quit.I have forgiven myself but I will never forget.I will hang on to it as one of the many reasons that I will never go back to being that person.Stay strong.
I got tired of feelings of regret and embarrassment after a night of drinking so that's why I quit. It's been liberating to say the least. I was at a wedding last weekend where there was a lot of heavy drinking the whole weekend. I didn't really have the desire to drink. Many people i was around I had never met before and they were just completely hammered. I remembered thinking to myself  these people look ridiculous and this is definitely how I used to look I'm sure of it . I then wondered how many people in the 15 years I was a drinker thought how big of an idiot I looked and acted while hammered. I'm not saying this like I'm being self righteous because I'm not. I just realized me looking and acting a fool is not my thing anymore. 
Good news is you never have to feel like this again! Welcome.
30 days is a great goal but that's a lot to put on yourself. ..Make today alcohol free your goal. Then tomorrow when tomorrow comes. ..The easiest way to approach long term sobriety is to just take it one day at a time. ..Baby steps. ..All you have to do is NOT drink today. That's it. 
