-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9541tb/i_screwed_up_and_i_dont_know_if_i_am_sorry/

Made it over 50 days then blew it. I had a big argument with my BF and being lonely and depressed I called on my old friend Bud to help me through it. I downed the first two in a matter of minutes. I missed it so bad. I savored the taste the bubbles and the instant buzz after guzzling those first two. I missed it so bad. I had been craving it for so long and it tasted amazing. I only had 4 but they were the most amazing 4 beers I have ever had. I had a great buzz! Exactly what I had been craving and I enjoyed it very much... well.. until the next morning. I woke up to an angry call from my BF breaking up with me. I had a pounding headache and I was so ashamed of myself for ruining my streak of sobriety the longest I have had for over 10 years. I wanted to just accept my fate and go buy more to drown myself in. That demon in my head was screaming for a 2 or 3 day bender... go ahead go through the drive thru let's do this right it kept saying. I figured what the hell I already ruined the relationship with the last person who cared about me...why not? What did I have to lose?  Well... the truth is I don't love myself enough to want to quit for me..the truth is I am screwed up and not thinking right. The truth is... the demon wants me to fail..he wants me to die... he likes being in control. I found the strength to leave a very abusive relationship but I can't seem to find the strength to leave my love of booze. I don't understand why I am like this but thankfully my BF does. He has several years of sobriety and although he was really mad he was also willing to forgive me. His willingness to work through this comes at a price though.. 1. I lost his trust and 2 if I do it again then he is done. I should feel grateful for his understanding but instead I feel angry at his rules. I plan to go to counseling but my appointment is not for a few weeks. I am really struggling with missing the thing that got me through.. the thing that kept me company and cheered me up. The one that took the pain away.. I am so scared I am going to screw up again. I feel like I don't have the tools to cope with life without alcohol..I feel like I might not really be sorry. 
----------immediate responses--------

As an addict you know that addiction is simply a steady downhill course. Your boyfriend is in recovery which means that he wants something other than the ruin of alcohol as his future. And he wants this for you too.  I would bet his "rule" is one for self-protection. You ARE putting a good life together. Getting out of an abusive relationship is huge! Give yourself the sober time to learn the tools that will allow you to cope with life without booze.  It really is better than the buzz.   
I promised the same to my gf. Im so hyped not to fail and super excited to get all the shit from my body. Fuck drinking going downhill with a smile for a little while.
Ive always been fascinated by how fast the body reacts to alcohol.  Within Seconds it starts to be absorbed in the blood stream then the dopamine starts being released from the brain... And bang that relaxed ahhh yaa feeling..     sometimes I find myself wanting that first two minutes of drinking instead of the whole night.  But I keep reminding myself how the hang over feels.  With a big up comes a big crash when the drinking stops.
I would suggest maybe think about it less as a rule than a boundary. He's not telling you what to do but he is saying what is able to live with and what he's not. In the long run a partner with good boundaries is a real prize. 
