-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/954cik/chronic_relapsing_keep_trying_and_be_kind_to/

I have relapsed so many times over the last year and half of trying to get sober. I've had long stretches of sobriety but I just keep failing. ..At AA when they say: Just keep coming back it works. I decided I was just going to keep coming back no matter what. I forgive myself for not staying sober and tried again. ..I'm still not perfect but I'm happy I have 30 days again. My life is so much better than if I had just quit trying. ..My motto for my sobriety has been that I'm failing my way to success. ..I hope that anyone else who has had a lot of relapses knows that it is okay. Practice makes perfect. It is not shameful to start again. I am always most proud of people who come back to group and keep fighting. .
----------immediate responses--------

Wow!  Thank you so much for your post.  I really needed it.  I drank Fri night Sat and Sun this past weekend.  Starting again today Day 1 and waiting on my Badge reset.  I might steal your motto :)  IWNDWYT
I used to drink every day.  Then I went to weekends but it would bleed into Mondays and there were special weekday events so I was around 4 days a week drinking...When I tried to quit I would get a week or two drink two weeks sober drink.  It kinda sucked but at the same time that was the first time I went through a year with more sober days than drunk days.  That was a big improvement!..The second year I did better being sober close to 75% of the time I think.  I had a tracker for it but haven't looked at the numbers in a long time.  This year was more of the same until this current run which if it continues will make this year 99% successful...I don't see those as individual tries.  This isn't an obstacle course where you fall and start over.  I have been on this path for two years I just keep getting better at it.
Thank you so much for sharing. I also like when they say  if you don't get it it'll get you . It's true just keep coming back.   
Thank you for this.
I think one of the reasons AA works *if* you keep coming to meetings is little by little you begin to understand it's a process that God does not mean Jesus and the Bible and that you do have the power over that first drink if you choose to use that power. ..But you have to admit you're an alcoholic first which kept me out for a long time. Once I finally admitted it it's been pretty painless and the program has made me a better person. 
I remember back in my mid 30's I decided to quit. (56 now) I went about 4 years sober and then one day I wondered why I was depriving myself of enjoying an ice cold beer.  That led to my downfall.  That led to me uncontrollably going by the liquor store and buying bottles of booze and hiding them in my tool box in the basement where I would love to hide out and endlessly drink by myself. ..This time around is different.  I went through different feelings.  The most telling was that I grieved my loss.  It felt like I lost a loved one.  I keep mentioning that because I feel like it means its over for good this time.  Its gone.  I can tell you that I don't miss it now and I don't fear relapses for some reason.  There are times where I would like a drink but I know where and why that feeling comes around now and I learn how to deal with it much better.  The bottom line is I don't feel like its a 'one day at a time' thing anymore because I have finalized the death of alcohol in my life.   This works for me and maybe it will work for you...good luck and I won't drink with anybody anymore
No shame for sure.  Consider instead of  practice makes perfect  say  Progress not perfection   It's a different angle on the action and goal.  Keep coming back!  
Thank you for sharing your experinece with us. Great job on the 30 days it is a tough battle. As much as I have relapsed over the last year I have finally decided I can't do this on my own and plan to keep trying as well. ..First AA meeting tonight. Wish me luck! ..IWNDWYT! 
Thanks for saying this. Shame and guilt won't make anyone better. If you haven't given up yet you haven't lost yet either!
I try to remember that every failure was preceded by a day or more of success...And even if it was just *one* day not drinking that was an improvement.
I used AA's strategy without knowing it. I absolutely refuse to give up. If I slip I get back on the wagon. I'll start over. I'll never let alcohol win. I love your motto and I think I will adopt it :-) IWNDWYT.
Those of us who watched a child learn to walk understand that the process requires learning from mistakes.  I'm not advocating relapse as a necessary element of recovery (I went to AA and haven't had to drink or drug since).  Group support provides learning from other people's experience.  ..When a child stumbles over a stair or the edge of a rug s/he learns something from the experience and maybe after a few more trials and errors learns how to avoid falling in the same situation.  Insanity is when relapse follows the same mistake repeated over and over again without apparent learning.  "I went out to a bar with my drinking buddies and got drunk.  I went out to a bar with my drinking buddies and got drunk.  I went out to a bar with my...." ad nauseum literally.  The child learning to walk would stop going out to the bar with drinking buddies.
You can do this. Keep at it. You're worth it.
Thanks for the post I've failed many times and I do beat myself up when it happens but this mindset of keep trying be kind to yourself is very important. I've had longish (for me) periods of sobriety and screwed up drink and then its very easy for me to be so defeated that I'll just tell myself the next day well I screwed up lost my such and such number of days of sobriety... why even bother kinda thing but that's very bad way of looking at it.   ..Thanks!
I relate to every word to said. When I got out of rehab a year ago I thought I was magically cured and would never drink again! No meetings no therapy. I was sober for life! Haha. How wrong I was. I've had two big relapses since then and it's not only been hard on me but it's been hard on my family. But the important thing is we got up dusted ourselves off hopefully figured out what we're going to do differently and got back into sobriety! I'm 20 days today been coming on here a few times each day and going to my meetings every night. We will get this! IWNDWYT
Thank you!
Every day i don't drink adds another hour to my life. They add up even if it's not every day. Eventually I hope that every day will add another hour for me but i'm over the self pity and depression just because i fucked up. All that did was make me throw my hands up and say "guess i can't win may as well drink."
