-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/955fgo/accidental_sobriety/

Hi all. Sorry for WOT below...I've been lurking a while...hoping you can provide some of your amazeballs collective insight here. ..So I started Annie Grace's The Alcohol Experiment a few weeks ago. I'm forty and have been a drinker a long time - so much of my social life has revolved around drinks etc.  And I have had some alarming moments blackouts one night stands etc over the years. As much as I regretted the  lame  behavior drinking always had its place out in the world. Not home alone...Then four years ago I moved to a new city for work and haven't developed the social circle I've always enjoyed. Work is good but community suffers. Things have changed and I noticed I started drinking alone:  a bottle or so of wine some nights and then some weekends a bottle of champagne in the pool...you know the drill.  Overall I've definitely increased my tolerance and frequency of drinking.  Like Tuesday wine is not weird. Some days I'd have too much and be struggling a little in the mornings. Some times I've awakened at 3am anxious and vowing never again. I realize now a lot of this is textbook but I had no idea. Embarrassing because I'm generally pretty astute and self-reflective but there it is...So from lurking on this sub and talking to a friend I started to read This Naked Mind text and audio. Then I started talking candidly with a couple friends about drinking and how it was too much and decided after a weekend I knew would be a wine-y weekend with friends I'd start The Alcohol Experiment. ..Today it's been three weeks and I don't miss drinking. Sure I've had cravings and thoughts with behavior patterns changing but it's been easy. I feel great clear and generally RELIEVED...My question (FINALLY) is: should I just run with this or do I have to do a program to stay a non-drinker?  Am I going to be a  dry drunk  if I'm not doing lots of focused work to address the reason I've been drinking? Am I destined to drink again unless I make proclamations to the world? I know we speak from the I here but would love to hear what you have experienced on your journey. ..Right now it's tempting to just ride this wave. Although I didn't know I would feel this good and didn't make any proclamations it seems right. But I want to do this right. Sorry again for the long blather - haven't articulated all this until now.
----------immediate responses--------

