-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95g7rq/1000_days_thank_you/

1000 days ago I made the choice to stop drinking.  I read this sub every night when I got off of work (my witching hour) until I was tired enough to go to sleep.  I woke up every morning and posted in the daily pledge.  I watched my badge change from happy face to numbered circles to star.  I could not have done it without all of you. ..In those 1000 days I have had the healthiest romantic relationship of my adult life.  I have sold a house and bought a new one whose lawn I actually mow. I left my toxic job and got an career.  I've been promoted three times and have actual sustainable relationships with my coworkers and boss.  I've gone back to the doctor who in turn discovered that my thyroid hasn't been working for who knows how long and I now religiously take the medicine to fix it.  I could not have done any of this if I was still drinking.  ..In February of this year my relationship ended I put my dog down and my grandmother died.  It was the hardest struggle to maintain my sobriety since those first weeks but I did it.  When I am tempted or feel myself slipping in my vigilance I play the tape forward I state my needs and boundaries to others and I am compassionate with myself.  ..I am not done or fixed or cured.  I still need to go to the dentist.  I still struggle not to eat chocolate every single day.  The existential dread is gone but the social anxiety remains.  But I know it is progress that I am seeking not perfection.  I know that I help break down stigmas and barriers every time I speak up about my struggles and successes.  I've gained enough confidence to tell multiple people today unprompted that I was celebrating 1000 days of sobriety.  I could not have done it without this forum.  Thank you!
----------immediate responses--------

Oo very cool congrats on the milestone!..Tomorrow you get a *strobogrammatic palindrome* badge to look forward to too just to keep the celebration going.....Keep it up!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Congrats on **1000**!
Progress not perfection. Well said.
Amazing  
Congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Inspiring. Congrats!
Wow. Inspiring post. Congratulations on 1000 days. You're amazing. IWNDWYT:-)
Congratulations on 1000 days of Freedom    
Congratulations 
Nice one; well done. Congratulations to you. 
Congratulations on your 1K!  . (Thanks also for reminding me that I need to call my dentist).  
Unfortunately very few of us get to a 1000. 
