-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95hu70/finding_the_right_time/

I've known that I have a drinking problem for probably about 20 years. Even at 21 I knew I drank harder and more often than most. By 30 I was drinking a bottle of wine or more every day and really hitting it on the weekends. By 40 I was drinking 12-20 drinks a day. But I definitely knew I had a problem by 30...The problem for me was that this knowledge wasn't enough. I tried to quit but it was always white-knuckling it for as long as I could then giving up and drinking again. That was before any of the withdrawal symptoms started. No retching in the shower before my first drink of the day no night sweats when I dried out. I was shuts trying to quit through force of intellect acting on reason alone. It got me nowhere...Eventually it became too much. The last three years have been outrageous. And I've somehow gotten through it intact; no DWI never lost a job (got promoted confoundingly) got good grades while going through grad school raised happy kids. But I've been a ticking time bomb and I've known it. As it got worse and worse it stopped being an intellectual abstraction and started being visceral. Quitting became compulsory. I quit for three months last year relapsed and am 50 days sober again...What's my point? It's this: if you can't quit despite knowing you should you will eventually reach a point where you have to. Because you trash your life trash your liver or become so fucked up that the fear of such things compels you. The day is coming I promise. Fight the good fight as best you can and recognize opportunity when it knocks. The past 50 days have been effortless sobriety because I rode it until the wheels were about to come off. ..Sobriety is coming. Best wishes to anyone struggling that it comes to you soon.
----------immediate responses--------

Someone in AA gave me a coin that says "I always knew I would go down this path but I didn't know today would be the day". That sums up how I got sober. It was out of the blue and by necessity. I'm so glad I grabbed whatever I could at the time and just held on for dear life. ..Life is much better now. 
This is my life on a train track. I am desperate to be normal again. I know I can't be. It sucks so hard. 
Sober On!
We're glad you're here friend! In hindsight there was a seemingly divine timing to my sobriety date... I too had known for years that I had a problem but I couldn't have orchestrated the events that got me sober and I'd tried to quit so many times before....Keep on keepin' on..We're here for you. 
Unfortunately for me (just like you) I think I had to ride until the wheels fell off. I just wouldn't get off the train. As sad as it may sound that's just how it is. But I'm fine with that it's brought to where I am today &amp; however I got here I'm here &amp; I'm happy to be here.
