-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95noka/realizing_the_damage_that_has_been_done_from/

I have now been sober for a week after failing off the wagon last Wednesday.  My girlfriend and I had a huge fight last Wednesday and in the end she told me that she did not know what we are doing together and walked out (we did not break up).  I was in a bad place and had a meeting to go to for my club I am involved in.  That night one of the members brought in free beer I told my self I could have just one but I went way over board.  I ended up drinking heavily until 2 in the morning when I finally crashed not sure how I got home.  I realized what happened in the morning and went into damage control.  I talked to one of my friends and ask when I went off the deep end stumbling and being more aggressive than normal.  Lucky he told me that I had been together enough until after everyone else left.  My club is one of the last places I still have friends who have never seen me have more that a couple of beers.  I don't want to spoil my last oasis in life where I feel like I am free to be sober me.  My drinking is causing problems all over my life and sooner or later I am going to ruin all the good parts of my life and poison them with alcohol.  I know there is no magic or fast way to correct my urge to drink just constant vigilance.  I keep trying to stay sober and I get farther every time I try again.  ..My relationship problems are caused by my drinking and have become triggers for my drinking.  I have tried to talk to my girlfriend about my drinking but just tells me that I don't have a drinking problem but use alcohol to escape my problems in life.  The hardest part about not drinking for me is that I feel like a lot in my life is falling apart and the brief escape in a drunken haze frees my mind from the problems in life...As my struggle continues to leave drinking behind and close this chapter in life I have a great resource to help me stay on track this group.  I realize that stop drinking requires help and that it is hard to quick on your own.  Thanks for reading and I will not be drinking with everyone today!
----------immediate responses--------

Come here often; it really helps me. Good luck!
&gt;I know there is no magic or fast way to correct my urge to drink just constant vigilance. I keep trying to stay sober and I get farther every time I try again. ..The constant struggle is hard but every day sometimes every minute is a victory...One thing that's really helped me with the fight is reading This Naked Mind...You can get it on Amazon Kindle (don't need a tablet; there are phone apps for Kindle) for about $10...It literally changed everything for the better for me...
Good on you for taking responsibility and realizing your drinking is affecting many areas of your life. ..Prove to your GF through actions that drinking was your problem and that you're doing better things and handling relationships better now that you aren't abusing alcohol. ..IWNDWYT:)
Stay strong! I drank to escape a lot of problems in my life and only when I stopped did my mind clear enough to understand that drinking was what was making all of those problems worse. This community has helped me so much I will not drink with you today!
I understand completely I fucked up 55 days out of rehab for alcohol we just have to stay sober it's not as bad as the hell we put ourselves through drinking it's not worth it I already drunk texted my boss demanding more $ per hour and was pretty rude relapses arent worth it it's right back to square one in a matter of days my boy is threatening to leave me again he is mad alcohol is a destructive drug from hell for us your not cursed but you feel that way like I do the only way for us to live free of chaos is to not drink ever it's the truth I've tried over a thousand time to convince myself otherwise be smoke weed do meth even anything is better then drinking do do heroin ever that would go just as bad 
Just get back off it theres tons of people like us that can't do alchohol ever it sounds like it sucks but compared to what happens when we start drinking  sober is 100000 times Easier I'm gunna do it again if you arent there yet you will be let me say it again were alcoholic we gotta dump the booze and suddenly life gets better 
Thank-you for sharing your revelations about your life and alcohol.  I appreciate you!!!! IWNBDWYTN 
I was in that same boat. I alienated myself from groups of friends due to getting trashed and running my mouth one way or another...Life's problems are hard but they're a bitch if you leave them unattended while drunk (I'm not lecturing you this is just from my own experience). It's like cooking on the stove burning something and then you suddenly leave to buy a fire extinguisher while everything is on and ablaze...Sobriety is hard to keep but three thousand percent worth fighting for. Keep pushing man. We're rooting for you!
You need to consider getting a new girlfriend. It is not unusual for a relationship to end when one person decides to get sober. 
