-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95rl4q/i_wanna_go_home/

When I first quit drinking almost 2 years ago I was surprised to find that I didn't struggle avoiding it. I was in outpatient rehab and taking naltrexone with impressive effectiveness. I only biffed about twice over the course of a year. I know we all count sober time based on the last drink but I'm pretty pleased with myself for only having two mild nights of drinking in a year. It's progress in my mind...But that is long fucking gone now. The naltrexone isn't working anymore and I'm constantly thinking about sneaking a drink. I'm struggling hard and lately the only thing keeping me sober is video games. That would be fine if I didn't have to constantly be around fucking alcohol. I'm on a bowling league and I'm sick to death of being around drunk people. My teammates and husband drink. All the other teams. Every time I go to a party there's alcohol. My friends also meet every Thursday at the bar and.....I just can't fucking do it anymore. I don't want to be on this damn league anymore. I don't want to be around people and their alcohol. I'm just sick of it. So sick of it. I skipped bowling last week. I haven't seen my friends in a while. I wanna go home and play Octopath Traveler or Stardew Valley and the world can fuck off...Ugh. I wanna go home guys. Why does every damn thing have to involve alcohol? FFS.
----------immediate responses--------

Sounds like you know what to do...You can do it!
Just dont go.  Take care of yourself first.  I have to avoid some family get togethers bc of the reason.   And congrats on your sobriety!  IWNDWYT!
\[removed\]
GAH! This speaks to me - "I wanna go home" is something I say to myself multiple times a day. Sometimes a little TOO loud and people hear.....Have you looked into other groups to join? Or maybe AA? Or maybe even activities where drinking would be frown upon (like a workout class). Just trying to throw some ideas out there!! Stay strong - we are here for you &lt;3
Firstly thank you for that username. I laughed out loud. ..Secondly I enjoy the play-the-tape-forward trick I picked up from this site. The booze likely won't taste as good as the next morning will feel waking up sober. I dread falling off the wagon. I am sure I will at some point but I hope the high is not worth the low...That and ice cold coca cola takes the edge off for me sometimes when the La Croix isn't cutting it...Be strong my dude. ..IWNDWYT 
If you don't want to be around alcohol then I say go with that.  Those activities sound optional so go with what is best for you...I started going to the gym in the mornings.  The people that go are all regulars that early in the morning and none of them are big drinkers.  Makes for a good opportunity to make new friends.  Not quite sober people but it is a sober activity with people who don't spend their nights drinking frequently.
