-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95tbba/serious_question_not_preparing_a_relapse/

Every minute I'm very close to relapsing of course I don't want to give in but I just cannot be sure. I've  heard 2 somewhat contradictory opinions: 1) a relapse makes us stronger in our journey and we learn from it. And we will not lose the days of sobriety so not back to square one 2) a relapse will automatically bring us back to square one and when you try to get sober again you start all over again with the withdrawals the urges the triggers and anything else. Is this different for everyone? Does it depend on how quickly you get back on the waggon again after the relapse? I know this question sounds like I'm "preparing" a relapse but I'm not I just want to know what to expect in case it happens. Thank you all so much for your support. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I am no expert at all and I'm sure it's different for different people but I've noticed that most people who post here about relapsing have big regrets about it. 
The sober days between relapses did build strength for me so they were not wasted.  I would say the relapses can be a reminder of the bad times and a lesson learned...But I also had times where relapsing led to daily drinking for a long time where I ended up up back where I started.  The first drink is so very dangerous.
Hiw would knowing the answer make you more secure in your journey?
A relapse doesn't mean you've lost everything if you don't let it. I know that sounds confusing but if you do relapse forgive yourself for being imperfect and human and then try to take the steps back to a sober lifestyle. I recently relapsed for 3 days and I'm now even more convinced sobriety is the way of life I want to live so I'm back to my 4th day sober now. Just my two cents anyways. Some people relapse and never make it back to sobriety. Others easily find their way back. It's all about what kind of person you are. 
It is kind of a paradox isn't it?  I think in reality relapses suck and are usually a setback to your confidence in sobriety.  They increase the chance of future relapses. But if it must happen and for some people including myself it did apparently just have to happen then we try to make the best of it and look at the positive side.  I don't think planning a relapse to strengthen your sobriety would be a good idea.  but yeah of course it's not actually like returning to square one.  It's just a big injection of uncertainty and confusion doubt and will delay you that much further from achieving a comfortable happy alcohol free existence.
2) I find a relapse makes it even harder to quit the next time. Just my personal experience. IWNDWYT 
\[removed\]
I fell into the trap that relapse is part of sobriety. I used it as a loophole and it was another several months and a horrible end to finally quit. It doesn't have to be that way  but unfortunately  for many  it is what has to happen in order to make a decision to surrender. ..If I relapse now I will reset my sober date. I do have a little over 2years  and I have learned that relapse for me would be deadly.  I still will have had the time and that can't be taken away. However  myself personally  would start back at square one. ..Try to not over analyze it. I thought similarly to you. My brain tricked me into another round of bad times ..Best of luck to you. It doesn't have to be part of the deal if you keep doing it one day at a time. 
Every time I relapse my binges are greater and longer. Addiction is a progressive disease so when I relapse I feel like I'm starting right where I left the addiction. Maybe my tolerance is lower but I will still drink the same amount (or maybe more) and then I really pay for it the next day. I'm pretty sure this is  kindling  and it's what really kills addicts. You should look up kindling for yourself I'm still wrapping my head around the concept. 
Relapse is not a requirement!..A 'Relapse' and a brief Fuckup are also two different things in my book - the former being a full-blown return to previous drinking behaviours rather than an '*oops I had a drink against my better judgement but I've come to my senses now*'.....The day count is just a number and all any of us has is 'today' in a sense... I've heard it said that drinking again after some time away is like taking a strimmer to your new flower garden though in terms of the brain recovery and that's the bit that I'd be most concerned about! It's a lot easier to dodge the *first* drink than all the ones that would follow it.....Sure a few drinks might be fun at the time but I wouldn't want to deal with the aftermath of possible Kindling the reawakening of cravings the low mood the guilt etc! ..I had several previous attempts to stop all on my own before this one without having a clue what I was doing and that never stuck for very long so I had to get serious about it... so far so good!..Eventually the cravings and urges go away altogether if you can just wait it out... if you give in and feed them alcohol again though that just perpetuates the cycle and makes the process longer.....Congrats on nearly a month!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I think the amount of time drinking is a big factor.  If I had two beers tonight my streak would reset but it would be a really easy bounce back.  But if I had two beers tonight then more on Sunday and then more Monday and got back into my old drinking habits that would be more difficult to pull out of again.
IMO there is nothing wrong with sobriety  based on fear of relapsing'.  Lol.  That's like me wearing a safety harness and eye protection respirator and steel toed boots at work and saying there's no point in using safety gear based on fear of injury.  Just saying.  
