-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/95whek/imnot_struggling_at_all/

This is not meant to be boastful at all just wanted to see if anyone has had a similar experience if it's a fluke etc. I stopped my daily drinking over 2 weeks ago. I posted early and often and was spurred to change by calling out of work with a hangover on a Wednesday for no particular reason. I had been drinking between 6-10 drinks a day daily for basically a year with very rare days off and even my "days off" usually included at least 1 drink. I really really knew I had a problem. I was drinking at work. Stealing my roommate's liquor. I was in a word a shit show...Last week I posted about my coworker/friend inviting me to a local brewery for some drinks. I was freaking out about whether or not to go so early into my attempted sobriety. Against the advice of most of you I went (shouldn't that indicate a problem in itself)? But I only had a pint and a small glass over about 3 hours and easily declined a 3rd drink walked home and called it a night. ..That's it that's all I've consumed in the past 2 weeks and I haven't even been tempted since despite living literally across from a 24-hour supermarket with all my favorite beer and wine. Additionally since I was feeling like I had the drinking under control I decided to finally attempt cleaning up my diet as well - I have a roommate who is strict keto and have been doing that for 4 days now with no problems. Is it even possible I've kicked it this early? What happened to the girl who bought 2 tall boys of IPA on her lunch break every day not a month ago? And then killed a bottle of wine the same night? I'm a little scared she's playing hide-and-seek with me and is going to pop out when I least expect her.
----------immediate responses--------

If it's plain sailing so far great!!..Sometimes when you're good and ready for a change you simply change.... if you're constantly fighting with yourself about the decision and feeling deprived and hard-done-by because you can't drink it makes it that much harder.....Staying vigilant is a good idea - sometimes the 'Pink Cloud' of early sobriety can dissipate abruptly or around milestones like 1-month 3-months the temptation to 'reward' yourself with a drink can pop up out of nowhere or a really bad day might derail the progress (it's not always linear) but you can deal with that if and when it happens... for now enjoy *today*!!..Keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
When we catch a break and it's this easy we thank our lucky stars and keep going!  I won't drink with you today.  
Only you can decide about resetting your badge...If you can successfully drink infrequently and in moderation then more power to you...Personally I would keep on an eye on frequency and quantity to see if it slowly increases over time.
100% up to you. Only you know if you have a drinking problem. I did and still do so for me it is 100% sobriety at all times.
I didn't reset my badge on day 4 when I had 2 beers at lunch I consider it an experiment. I felt bad after I bought it and drank it even though I didn't want to. Then I bought another after wrestling with my feelings about whether I should or not for a while. That beer didn't taste good either... and I even considered a 3rd. It was a WTF moment for me to be aware of how I literally can't stop after one despite my best intentions... And I can see myself continuing to put myself into situations where I can drink and tell myself I can have just one/two but I know that's not what actually happens.
