-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/960973/friendships_and_drinking/

This is maybe a little bit of a vent - I hope that is okay. I've been open with one of my good friends about my struggling with alcohol over the last year or so. I've never told her that I think I'm an alcoholic or that I might quit for good (mostly because I have a hard time imagining "forever" without alcohol so am just focusing on the now). However every time I mention my drinking she makes it about her. The other day I told her I'm quitting for a while because it increases my depression and anxiety. Immediately I m told that that's not happens for her and that it actually helps with her anxiety. I want to scream  "THIS IS NOT ABOUT YOU" and then launch into the research I've done connecting alcohol abuse with anxiety (she has really bad anxiety/panic attacks all the time etc.). Obviously I'n not going to do either...How do I handle this though? I could maybe do a gentle "I thought we were talking about my concerns with drinking - I'm not judging you". But it's really triggering some strong emotions whenever she does this...I also have two other close friends that are downplaying my struggle - in different ways. One said "just don't drink for a month it's not that hard" which made me feel l like shit and another something like "it's not like you have a real problem - you have a job and friends and hobbies"...I'm already isolating so that I don't go to the bars. I don't want to further pull away which is my instinct.
----------immediate responses--------

It sounds like you need some more sympathetic friends! I bet the two that told you your problem is inconsequential suspect they too have a problem - if you have a problem that means they might too and we all know how scary confronting that is.....As for the friend that's always about her does she do it all the time with all subjects? And is she maybe not trying to make it about her and instead thinks she's connecting with you by discussing her experience? I used to have a horrible habit of one upping people...I was shocked because I always thought I was sharing similar experiences! Whoops.
Ugh this sounds really really tough. I think if you have a good relationship with this friend in general the phrase you've used as an example here "I thought we were talking about my concerns..." is a really nice way to call her attention to the fact that she's taking over a conversation that was supposed to be about you. Hopefully she will realize what she's doing and be able to change gears into being the supportive friendly ear you want her to be...I'm sorry your other two friends are not being supportive and are downplaying the difficulty if your journey. Unfortunately some people just don't get it. My SO and I did a renovation project recently that was really difficult. It was super time consuming expensive and we did it all with our blood sweat and tears. The outcome was great though! However when friends and family see it who have no DIY renovation experience they barely even notice it. It bums us out sometimes but at least at the end of the day we get to enjoy our own hard work and accomplishments and WE can take pride knowing how much hard work went into it. I think personal journeys like sobriety and other types of self improvement are really similar. No one outside ourselves really gets it. But that doesn't mean we can't be proud of our accomplishments quietly from within...Not sure if any of that helps but know that here at SD you're not alone and you are supported. IWNDWYT :) 
Vent away that's what we're here for!..It sounds like you've experienced a wide range of the typical '*unhelpful shit that other people say when you stop drinking*' right there... unfortunately it's pretty common.....There's a saying I can't quite remember that goes something like '*don't go shopping for groceries in the hardware store*' or in other words  don't look for the thing you're looking for (support) in the wrong place where you're unlikely to find it.....Having support from other folks in recovery who *do* understand what you're going through and know how to offer the right help and reassurance is much more beneficial to all involved! You can find that here or on the IRC chat or at a face-to-face recovery group like AA SMART etc.....If you can find other fun stuff to do or talk about with your friends that *isn't* about drinking great... Getting sober can be a good way to filter out *true* friends who will support you and want the best for you from those who are merely 'drinking buddies' or otherwise toxic people.....It's also worth remembering that you can't control what other people say do or think but you can control how you choose to respond to it.....Hope that helps and congrats on your 10-day milestone!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt; .
The other posts here are spot on.  I just wanted to add that this kind of feedback from people very close to me helped trigger my latest cave in...I'm not sure what I expected from long time friends and close family who were visiting last week but they were not supportive in any way totally unimpressed with my 26 day sober streak (huge for me) and basically acted like they couldn't give a shit whether I drank or not.  And I was really struggling with all the company and all of their drinking so I threw in the towel...What did I learn?  I think an attempt to stop drinking no matter how difficult it might be for someone is pretty much a non issue for everyone else - unless your drinking directly affects them or they've been through the same struggles with alcohol that you are going through...So I've accepted the fact that I cannot expect much support from family and friends in my quest for freedom from alcohol but will rely instead on this sub and every other resource I can to try to complete that quest...Good luck to you and hang in there.
I find it best not to discuss this with other people.  If they haven't had a problem they probably won't get it.  Your friend saying you don't really have a problem because you have a job is trying to be helpful right?  That is usually the kind of thing people want to hear that whatever the thing is it isn't so bad.  That is why we need others like us to talk to people who get it.  For everyone else I don't bring it up.  If they ask ok but even then I don't dig deep into it like I do here.
Totally get it.  Talking to a group of friends yesterday. We were setting up communion for the week-end services. I laughed and said that .there wasn't any non alcoholic wine set out for the non drinkers. I scooted into the sacristy and just put water in a small chalice..Hey water into wine right? So we all chuckled and one of the women said  you couldn't just take a sip of regular wine ? I just looked at her and said  You don't get it. If I could take just a sip I wouldn't have stopped drinking.  She looked at me like I was a Bowery bum..Really thought she was smarter than that. Not my problem concerning her outlook on  drunks  but still frustrating that so many people are clueless (I would say stupid but that would be rude).NDWYT... not even a sip.!.
&gt; We must suffer alone. But we can at least hold out our arms to our similarly tortured fractured and above all else anxious neighbours as if to say in the kindest way possible:  I know.'  - from philosopher Alain de Botton's School of Life..I have a therapist who I pay to listen to me whinge. She also is teaching me healthy coping mechanisms which I need to replace drinking.
[removed]
Not sure if I'm in the right place to offer "advice" considering I'm in a very very similar boat - but I just wanted to reach out and say I totally can see where you're coming from! I thought I had also parsed out my real friends from my bar friends. I'm not sure now if that's the case. One of my best friends was also one of my best drinking buddies and I think within the first week I was describing withdrawal symptoms I've had in the past (this time wasn't so bad thank god). She just said "it wasn't that bad" and continued talking - after she was the one that had asked what withdrawal symptoms were like!..At this point I don't talk about my sobriety with her unless prompted. Honestly I try not to do that anyway so I don't come off as preachy. It might be easier (as some other commenters have said) to have these conversations with sober friends or people that are genuinely interested in quitting themselves. The only thing you will hear from active alcoholics is denial. You cannot change her or any of your other friends. Maybe she will realize down the road as you have days/months/years behind you that you were right but otherwise...there's no point. I hope that made sense.
To be fair on your first friend that you described I think that she may be innocently talking about her own experience. And why shouldn't she share that with you? Sometimes people talk about their own experiences without meaning to invalidate the other person's...The friends mentioned later sound like they are telling you what to do.  And they should be more encouraging and supportive if they want to talk about YOUR experience.  
Annie Grace from This Naked Mind just did a video on this topic if you're interested.It's on her YouTube channel. She said most people react to your sobriety like it's a mirror and respond in reaction to whatever they see. Sounds like your friends are doing that to a T. One thing you might consider doing is asking for specific support rather than approaching it thru general convo. Like  hey this is hard and important for me so I would be really grateful  if you could support me by doing x' where x is something like  giving me encouragement' or  going to booze-free events with me' or whatever. Sometimes people will step up if we help them see how. IWNDWYT 
