-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9626xm/its_my_day_1_ive_known_i_need_to_quit_for_years/

I have been struggling with major depression n anxiety my whole life. I've self medicated with drugs and alcohol for 25+ years. Last night after an embarrassing night I was like 5x the limit and wanted to end it all. I didn't...obviously. I woke up found a therapist that specializes in major depression and decided to quit drinking. It's been a huge part of my identity. I am a party girl. It's my favorite go to hobby after work before work...all day. I want to quit I don't know if I can. I quit drugs and subbed alcohol. If I'm don't get help I won't make it. Basically just livin for my adorable dog n my mom at this point. Any support of help would b great. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sobriety ended up helping my anxiety and depression.  I got help and took it one day at a time.  Wishing you the best on day 1! You can do this.  Life gets better sober.  IWNDWYT 
[removed]
[removed]
Welcome aboard!..Alcohol and/or addictive drugs aren't an appropriate treatment for anxiety and depression or indeed any physical or mental illness... they might *feel* like they help at the time but in the long run they make things far worse and do nothing to address the underlying issues... ..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..Good on you for wanting to make a change and taking steps to get the right help and support! Seeing a medical doctor is always a good idea too particularly if withdrawal is likely to be a factor.....Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hey welcome. Bet your dog will be so happy with all the long walks he will probably get when you're trying to distract yourself in these early days. So happy you're here &lt;3 I'm a reformed party girl too haha and starting to realize I'm way over those days. I found it helped me to find the most difficult times and fill those in with lots of fun distractions. Let us know how you're going!
Thanks  I think I'll prob get back in the gym n yoga hard!! I may go to some meetings just to meet some new people. 
Leave the bar if you don't want to drink.
Yah I don't wanna be Spillary at 40  I've got a few years n I bet I'll look younger too. These comments are helping me so much rn. Keeping me from whining n scaring my friends. I just don't want alcohol anymore.
A friend of mine killed himself while he was drunk. Left behind his son whom he adored. He was hilarious sweet and would give you the shirt off his back. It took everyone by surprise. I'm sure he wouldn't have done it sober. ..Sobriety gives us clarity. Drinking especially while depressed is a recipe to make a mistake you can't take back. ..Iwndwyt 
Yah I def felt closer and more urged to actually follow through with it than ever before. I know there's people that would be upset and that's why I'm trying. I feel like I haven't ever tried to be sober and willing to work on my issues until today. I feel ready. I feel shame and I don't wanna b that person anymore. I don't want to do that and if I don't change it's a real possibility. I think that's sad n I would not want to hurt people.
