-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/962k54/total_total_relapse_i_dont_think_im_a_light/

(Apologies for verbose writing I'm a sometimes TOO talkative English guy but I feel like this could help someone..)..Hi everyone just wanted to say this community has been an incredible source of strength and I was actually hesitant about making this post because I don't want people to be dissuaded from sobriety: thinking this is something that can't be done.. While sober I met more women made more friends and got promoted - sober life is seriously amazing but you have to accept the 30-45 minutes of discomfort at the start of social interactions (for me at least) before you get into a groove...My problem is 80% booze and 20% cocaine. While cocaine is (for me) considerably (horrifically) more addictive it's booze that triggers it EVERY single time - and it's booze I have severe cravings for day-to-day. I have never had an impulse to use  cocaine while sober. Cocaine turns me into an impulse driven monster but alcohol unleashes the floodgates of inhibition that let me do terrible things I wouldn't do sober...The other day I got news after 9 weeks of sobriety that my father went to hospital for some serious health issues (e.g. last few months of life - connected to his young adult alcoholism) and upon visiting him I got to see my true idol dying in bed. I'm only 23 but it shook me to my core...I went and grabbed 2 beers saying I'd "treat" myself". While I was consuming them I started constructing a narrative in my head: "Hey this is okay I can just drink a couple of beers every night and everything else will be fine! I'm a man's man I don't need to tackle this issue like this - haha of those poor other people they're not strong like me". Well 5 days later having spent over  500 on cocaine (that I almost entirely used alone - not that that's worse or better than the alternative) over  300 on Whiskey beer and red wine and  150 on prostitutes (apologies this is what I'm most disgusted about and I'm sorry if I've offended anyone - it is horrible)  I'm ready to admit my problem is a lot worse than I initially thought...Before I was tackling sobriety from the standpoint of improving my life but I think I have to bite the bullet and admit that I'm not just someone who likes alcohol too much I'm a very bad degenerate substance abuser. I have to escape the horror as much as I have to pursue clear-headedness...I'm just sharing this don't really have a big point but I wanted to say thanks to everyone on here. Only been a while but you've been an incredible help. Going to go reset my counter and restart this journey. It's even more real than I thought the first time.....tl;dr my sobriety didn't stand the test of real life and my addictions are considerably worse than I thought. Stay on this website and you'll always have a home to go to...Thanks x
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes it takes us a time to go out and try some controlled drinking or controlled using to truly see that we have a serious issue...Glad you came to terms it's the start to true recovery. ..Rock on man. 
Thanks for sharing this. I know it's not easy coming to terms with things like substance abuse or alcoholism. I'm dealing with a similar situation. ..Went 6 months of 2018 dry and sober. Not a drop of booze. Started working out again lost 30 lbs. 30th birthday was in July. I'll just have one or two. ..That's spiraled back into 1-2 cases (24-48 beers) per weekend since and have put 15 lbs back on. It takes months if not years to get out of that routine or habit. ..And it takes one sip of booze to destroy all that hard work. ..Thanks again for sharing your story kind of hit home with me. And to anyone else struggling with similar issues don't beat yourself up if you slip. Get back into your routine and get that consistency back. Don't let it destroy your life or let you fall back into your old ways. 
Thanks for your story and your honesty.  It will speak to someone (or many) in the same situation...I have read many posts over the months of people who attempted to be a "controlled" drinker only to end up in failure.  I'm beginning to believe it's near impossible for a former heavy drinker to maintain control of their alcohol intake.  That scares me from even trying a sip of alcohol now because I know I would be posting about my own failure very shortly.
Sorry to hear what you've been going through and about your Dad.....There's no such thing as oversharing here we're practically unshockable and it's a judgement-free zone!..Don't beat yourself up about it though addiction is a complex and tricky condition to overcome.....[This article](alcoholexplained.com/about-alcohol-explained/) helped me understand my addictive nature and [this talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2emgrRoT2c&amp;t=131s) by Kevin McCauley is a superb overview of the brain science behind it... knowledge is power!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
Thanks for sharing and sorry to hear about your dad as well. I just wanted to say that I can very much relate to the behaviors you post about here. You are nor the only one. And I am the same it is the alcohol that opens up all the other behaviors.
Yr back   that's the most important thing!
So now you know. There are plenty of people who spend years trying to control their drinking because they can't accept that they simply cannot drink. ..There's no  manliness  in thinking you can cope with doing what you've been doing and walk away from it damage-free. In my opinion it's the exact opposite. Genuine strength and grit starts with being responsible for every aspect of your life. ..Congratulations on reaching this point at 23. You are so incredibly lucky to have this moment of clarity now. 
Don't call yourself a degenerate. We all behave  badly' at some point of another. It doesn't make us bad people. If you have any drug debts pay them off then delete the dealer's number. Resolve to avoid prostitution. Keep posting on here. It'll all be good. 
Be kind to yourself.  You fucked up and rationalized using again.  That's addiction.  You're not a horrible person.  You can do this.  Understanding that rationalization process is a tough learning curve.  It's hard to remember in the heat of a craving that the thought processes cannot be trusted when they say addiction can be moderated or deals can be struck.  ..I'm sorry about your Dad. Best wishes for you and your family.  IWNDWYT
I had a yearlong coke phase a year and a half ago what made me quit drinking was not being able to say no to it two weeks ago when I knew I had to work the next morning. I thought I could handle my shit. I cant. 
Mate a lot of us have been there too. That's why we're here. At some point it will all be in the past - but when you have a situation where one thing leads to another then that's not ever going to change. Blow is everywhere in the UK. It's basically a national past time. I guarantee you if you pick up a drink you'll be writing the same post again the next day. 
Thank you for having the courage to share. ..It sounds to me that as unfortunate as those events are you have had a really significant realization. ..I often think about the "innocent" beer. For a long time I tried to convince myself that I could have a beer or two a night and be okay. But its simply not true. Beer is my gateway. Just like you that first drink opens the flood gates for me and I loose my inhabitions and control and do things I would never do sober. 1 beer turns into 2 then 4 then 6 then whiskey...and god knows what else...Best to stay away from the first one and avoid the rest!..Glad to have you back!
It is not you like person that are bad is the behavior when you are using that make you doing things that you don't like. Thank you for sharing that because at least you are honest with yourself even if you are very young many of us were lying to ourself for many years. We need to be strong love ourself and be happy! I won' t drink with you tonight!
