-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9678va/last_week_of_the_honeymoon_phase/

I keep getting told that I am in the honeymoon stage of my sobriety and you know what it is kinda annoying.  I just past my 3 week mark and I know my worst struggles are ahead of me but I really mean it when I say I am not going to drink anymore. I have tried to quit countless times and only made it 10 days or so at the most. I am more determined that ever and will not let alcohol win! IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Yes! We can do it! 
Just be prepared
Honeymoon stage?  There was nothing easy about the first few weeks for me.  That is why I had to go through them so many times.  Observational bias will have everyone saying the part THEY are working on is the hardest...Sure there is the newness - so many books to read podcasts to dive into discovering the joys of La Croix (though I actually dislike it) - but there is also the physical withdrawals the fatty liver to recover from the bowel changes the having to learn how to do everything sober...Grumpy old timers are great beacons of hope showing us what is possible to achieve but they aren't saints and they aren't perfect either. Like when grandpa says something racist sometimes you gotta just let that go.
22 days is awesome! Way to be! ..What crazy person is telling you early sobriety is the "honeymoon phase"?! That's bananas. Those first few months were the *worst* in my opinion. But everyone is different. If you're feeling good now then that's **awesome**! Enjoy it and try not to let others poo-poo your good mood. ..I think they may just be warning you about the "Pink Cloud". Eventually real life will be difficult (because that's life) and the novelty of being sober may not be so fun at that time. Just keep your focus and you'll do alright! I won't drink with you! 
Post Acute Withdrawal Symptom (PAWS) is usually what they're referring to when thru talk about the honeymoon phase or the pink cloud. In essence you're probably going to have mood swings you're probably going to have cravings and you're probably going to want to jump inside a bottle to escape them. These seem to happen at 20-30 day intervals for the first half year. They're normal but that doesn't mean they don't suck. Idk I just feel like knowing that feeling the way I'm feeling is normal helps a lot; I'm not alone and they definitely pass...Keep at it. We're all rooting for you
