-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/969uos/hi_guys_i_made_it_24_hours_im_concerned_tho_bc/

Can you guys assure me that you have fun sober? I know in my mind there's this super highway connection that says all fun activities must involve alcohol. I know though that when I drink I'm usually not having fun. It's fun for the first 3 and then I think we'll if 3 is fun 12 must be 4x more fun right? I mean that's fuckin math! I'm just not interested in moderation n when I drink I'm loud embarrassing obnoxious and stupid. I need to know do you guys still go out n party sober? Is it fun? Do you eventually not even think about a drink? Like I need to know it won't always b a struggle bc I need to know it's worth it. Please let me know if you guys are having fun in sobriety! 
----------immediate responses--------

I noticed that the things I did for "fun" while drinking weren't actually fun when I was sober. Unfortunately while sober I saw the activities and the people I was hanging around for what/who they really were rather than seeing it through drunk goggles..That's just me though. I had to change up with who I hung out with and what I did. I now am able to have way more fun than I ever would while drinking because the activities I am participating in are actually fun for me while sober. Also it doesn't hurt to actually be able to feel emotions which wasn't really the case while drinking.
I went to a music festival earlier this year.  No drinking!! I had a great time!!  First advice is just don't get the 21+ bracelet needed to buy alcohol.  I had a buddy to stay sober with too.  That was huge!  I bought an iced coffee drink so I had something special to sip on besides water.  You can have fun at events like this.  It can be hard at first but it's gets easier.  Going in with a positive attitude helps too.  Tell yourself it's going to be great!  Also if you truly doubt your ability to abstain I would consider not going until you have more sober time under your belt.  Have a great time!!!  
I do have more fun sober. Yeah I get the envy and the FOMO but it's so nice to actually remember the event you're going to. The worst is when you're blackout drunk and you're having the best conversations with people only to not remember anything the next day. ..At this point I really want to be able to remember the good times and life in general. I also enjoy being the sober one around drunk people. It becomes really obvious how the drink changes people and takes over their minds and bodies. Good luck tomorrow!! Stay strong!
I personally wouldn't go because:..1 - it would be torturous to watch everyone drinking; and..2 - I wouldn't jeopardize my sobriety...You've got 24 hours that's fantastic but remember how you feel. ...Play the tape forward - do you see yourself maintaining sobriety at the festival?.
I'm having a Blast in sobriety!..I'll add that in the early going I didn't put myself in the middle of Temptation.
 If I were working with you I would why you would be asking my opinion if after 24 hours of being sober if it was a good idea to go to a music festival on the beach? The answer is pretty easy for me but your thought process might be different. It strikes me that you want people to justify your drinking this weekend. It is up to you drink or don't drink. Your choice will not make any difference in my life. It just reminds me of how power of rationalization is and that fun is impossible to have if you are sober. Think however you want to think. I always told the people that I have worked with who are new to sobriety to stick to dry people and dry places to start.
Yes you can have fun while sober. So much fun! And you might find that the things you thought were fun while you were drunk aren't actually fun when you are sober. ..So - a music festival might be fun but if your friends are all drunk you might realize how annoying drunk people are and not have that much fun. 
I had the option for free airfare to go see the original Misfits for NYE in Las Vegas.  That's a once in a lifetime offer.  I was 5 months sober and still said no.  Now that I'm a year into this I am around people who drink I can go to restaurants and be around booze without wanting to drink.  In early sobriety I told myself that if I have to question if something is a good or bad idea it's probably not a good one.  Please think it through.  It's a test you are putting yourself into and going into a whopper of temptations for yourself.
I experience annoying discomfort but I tolerate it and it does not harm me and it lessens over time. There is no way around this if your use was habitual. It is however quite worth the rewards for me.
Honestly it's too early I think. With enough days under my belt there was more of a sense of "I don't want to screw this up and start over."..Having said that when I look back at events where I was drinking I hardly remember anything about it and didn't enjoy it as much as sober because I wasn't even really there in a sense. I look forward to going to events sober in future so I can truly enjoy them.
