-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96en8r/being_proactive_depression_and_anxiety/

I know a lot us struggle with anxiety and depression.  I've been feeling isolated lately and thinking that not many people care much about me or are wanting to do interesting things.  I have a hard time meeting new people and making connections. At least that's what my brain has been saying and it's the usual utter nonsense...So I thought of a couple of acquaintances that are really fun and that I don't know as well as I would like.  I texted them to see if they want to do lunch next week.  And they do!  Now I have something to look forward to and I can build some friendships that I never put any effort into forming...What do you do to fight back against the depression and anxiety?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Hey well done on putting yourself out there and getting some plans off the ground.  ..I started taking pilates classes at my local budget gym and found that as well as being good for my back (the reason I pushed myself out of my comfort zone to give it a whirl) it really helped shut  that voice' up in my head.  Concentrating on the breathing and movements and learning to slow things right down has been amazing for dealing with anxiety when it starts to kick in...In time that's given me confidence to try other classes and for the first time ever my fitness is really improving. I finally understand what people say about exercise and endorphins! That's starting to become a go-to when my mood needs a bit of a boost now...The people who were surprised when I stopped drinking are completely flummoxed by me now becoming a bit of a gym bunny too.  I love that since I stopped *I* decide what I want to be and do   not the wine bottle!..Happy to be not drinking with you today  :)  Keep fighting back we've got this!
Oh I feel this HARD and I still struggle with what to do. My tools have been:..1) Set a timer for 15 minutes and clean my room. It's a tiny amount of time but it puts me in control of my life for a moment gets me up and moving and makes my room nicer!..2) Going to the gym. Getting those endorphins even if it sucks doing it is worth it...3) Being honest with myself and my friends. Because sometimes you just have to say "No I'm not having a good day" and practice some self-love.
