-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96h761/im_a_veteran_relapse_relapsed_today_10_days_sober/

A little history. 13 years drinking heavily every day. AA sponsors Celebrate Recovery multiple rehabs counceling etc. ..I've worn out my welcome and I'm an alcoholic who can't be cured short of a prison lock up!..I'd reset my badge but I can't anymore. I feel better when I drink. 10 days sober and I broke. My record is 90+ days. Can't even achieve that now. Alcohol eventually determines your perception. In my veteran experience life becomes dull. Life is dull and you get headaches and then pain sobering up. ..There's nothing I've not heard except "friend". Even sponsors brought me bottles! Be careful that you don't get your heart broke!
----------immediate responses--------

My perceptions might be faulty but it's fully within my control to correct them. Today I choose to be sober. I choose to believe that I can get through the day without alcohol. I make an effort to build a better life for myself. I know the relief drinking can bring but I also know it doesn't last long. I know from the people here that long-term sobriety delivers what alcohol promised. I choose to believe the good people here instead of an inanimate substance...Shall we not drink together today?
Consider an inpatient treatment program if you can. AA will always be there for you. All you have to do is be sober and have a desire to stop drinking. 
The only person that is going to make that decision is you. No one is broke forever it's just the light at the end of the tunnel may be so far away that you cant see it..Everyone's battle is different and I totally get where you are coming from..I'm hoping that you will have the energy to take up the fight and know that even though we are strangers there are good people who do want the best for you and everyone on this sub
Find new sponsors. 
I find every time time I am unsettled angry upset I get to a meeting.  I start the hour as an untreated alcoholic end the hour with adjusted  perceptions  .   My alcoholism makes me a chronic malcontent AA makes me human.  If nothing changes  NOTHING changes. Good luck!
You don't want to stop.  That's where the problem truly lies.
[removed]
You titled your post  tips for beginners . Just for clarification are you thinking you're providing tips or looking for advice? 
So this is a drunk post?
[removed]
I'll respectfully disagree with OP. Alcohol only determines my perception if I allow it to. Life only becomes dull if I allow it to. I have the power to make changes and that power is huge. I am defined by the choices I make...That's my veteran experience anyway.   
