-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96mckx/my_sober_friend_relapsed/

Outside of you lovely folks as SD I've found it difficult to find friends IRL that are sober former alcoholics. Well about 6 months ago I found a friend. We had so much in common and it's truly a great real friendship. We talk openly about our struggles with alcohol and have really become close. She is going through a tough breakup. I was messaging her tonight and she went to a bar and is drinking. I have so many feelings. I feel like I should have gone and visited her and maybe she wouldn't have.  I'm also a little angry. Like she could have just said something and I would have been there in a heartbeat. I feel like we were sober together and now I find myself thinking  well fuck it she drank so I may as well give up too . Now logically I know I'm not responsible for her and my sobriety is independent of her but I'm really feeling a lot right now. How do I help her tomorrow? How do I be supportive? 
----------immediate responses--------

She'll probably be filled with regret tomorrow. Just be supportive and let her know that one night of drinking hasn't undone all that sobriety. She can bounce right back from it. You can let her know if she ever has an urge like that or finds herself ready to drink to give you a call and let you know. She probably already knows that but just reassure her. And also that if she needs to talk about the specifics of whatever caused her to drink that night you're there to listen. Try not to express your anger to her. 
Don't give up!  I don't know what to say about support.  But I bet anything she's thinking about how strong you are.  
She will need a sober shoulder.   My guess is she will brush her self off and begin again.  No break up is worth the loss of sobriety.
Relapse is not a failure nor anything to really get emotional about. Being an alcoholic or an addict comes with the very real proposition that sobriety will not be permanent. You can only fail if you give up. Approach with loving understanding arms and realize that we all might make that mistake one day. Sobriety isn't about always being sober for the alcoholic but being sober as much as humanly possible so that we can mitigate the impact of our disease...My two cents. Well wishes.
I wish I had a friend like you.
Don't feel that you need to treat her any differently she is hopefully still your friend. You might need to put some distance between  the two of you if she is continuing to drink but I'm sure that if she decides to make another go at sobriety she would value having your support.
You are a good friend 
Relapse is part of the process sometimes.  Lord knows I've done it a zillion times before it finally stuck.  Just listen and be supportive.  ..PS Can you be my friend? 
Hey this happened to me and I totally get the angry feeling. Honestly I think I felt abandoned! Like we were fighting this war together and you left me to hang out with the enemy wtf. Even tho I knew that wasn't really true/fair. So I'd suggest try to separate your own feeling about how much you need a sober friend from what she may need from you as a friend after a relapse. I'm sure you'll do great IWNDWYT 
If I were in your shoes I'd try talking to her after the fact and encourage her to try once more. It's a marathon not a race. And making a mistake shouldn't discount the effort she's put in up to that point. In any case good luck. iwndwyt
If you're beating yourself up for her actions I would do a gut check and make sure you haven't become codependent in this friendship.  People can and will let you down but you can't take their actions personally.  Lord knows I've had to walk away from my  bar friends  in order to better myself after doing everything except sleep and shit with them for 2 years. It wasn't healthy.  Make sure you're not doing the same thing with this person even though you're not drinking together 
Relapse happens. It happened to a friend of mine in February and he went full insanity again -- punching walls yelling at his girlfriend aggressive as hell. As sad as I was to hear it I know that I can't control his actions or pass judgement. I too relapsed before I finally committed to sobriety. And sometimes it is hard to reach out. ..How do you help her? Listen. Support. Continue walking through a sober life. Hopefully she comes back around.
