-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96mk7c/whats_your_personal_prescription_plan/

I'm 8 plus months sober thanks mostly to a prescription plan I designed with the help of my addiction therapist. It's evolved over time but the basic rules are I spend ten minutes a night reading something addiction-related (this reddit group counts!) I pick up a touchstone (a rock I found on the road) every day and recite a quick reminder to myself that choosing to have a drink is choosing to be a drunk  and I call my therapist and actually talk to her on the phone if I ever feel in danger of taking a drink. There was a period earlier in my sobriety where the ten minutes of nightly reading was a long list I wrote of all the things I did while drinking that I regret and where I called my therapist every night to confirm that I had followed the prescription plan that day. I've tried various support groups - Refuge Recovery for several months a few AA meetings  - but they are not mandatory in the plan i created  with my therapist. Our goal was daily mandatory rituals that don't take too much time. Other things are good to do but not possible for me daily...I'm curious  if others have rituals  you perform daily to keep your recovery a priority.  My daily ten minute reading and touchstone are things I plan to do for life so that I don't forget that alcohol is not an option for me and my list of regrets is still there for any day when a relapse feels like a possibility. What about you?
----------immediate responses--------

Mine is: Morning prayer and reading. Evening prayer and reading. At least 10 minutes of meditation. Go to an AA meeting and/or talk to other members (preferably and). If I don't feel like doing those things I remind myself that I'm striving for an A+ in sobriety because if I fall short and get a lower grade I'll survive but if I fail I'll die.
I meditate for 10 minutes every morning 5 minutes of progressive muscle relaxation before bed and walk 5km at least 5 days a week followed by stretching. 
I've never had a "prescription" plan so to speak but this post kind of makes me evaluate if its something I should establish.  I've never been sober 8 months (longest I've gone is about 5-6 months) so obviously I need to adapt my approach to sobriety...Thanks for posting this and IWNDWYT
An interesting approach.  I'll think on that something like SoberLucille is doing I could incorporate into my life easy enough and be good for me at the same time.  So to set up a ritual associated with StopDrinking so I don't forget why I'm doing the ritual? .And I like routine..... I really do so to try it. .
I start my day by reading SD.  I make sure to get at least one walk in a day. At night I check in with SD get into bed at the same time each night and do guided meditation for sleep. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
I remind myself every day that I cannot drink ever again any amount for any reason. Not just that day but anytime in the future. I enjoy coffee as a ritual. I exercise each day (walking when it isnt too hot or maybe even if it is). I have sugary things (apples yogurt maybe candy). I eat a Klondike every night. So my prescription is: The daily reminder semi-structured eating  some discipline regular exercise reward myself every single day. At first the reward was for not drinking then it became just a reward then it became "normality".  Don't forget to treat yourself and make yourself happy. The normal way.  \*fistbumps\*
