-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96oy79/coming_out/

Sobriety feels a lot like coming out. I am a queer woman who struggles with coming out about my sexuality and now not drinking feels similar. I just started business school aka party school and I am really struggling with this. I am six months sober. Before b school I would say it was something I was doing now and wasn't sure if I would do forever esp in b school. Now I am here. I am afraid to say I am never drinking again since that freaks me out but in my heart I know this has been so helpful and I have no immediate plans to drink. How do you come out to people?? Just say you don't drink? Lol sounds so simple. ..Also I really like to meet new people and here the crutch is "let's grab a beer." Should I respond by saying "I don't drink but I would love to." How do you handle someone asking you to grab drinks and get to know each other? ..Sobriety feels like being a baby so many new steps.
----------immediate responses--------

I think you could say "yes" and then just order tonic and lime or something. No one really cares that you don't drink. ..It's kind of like when someone would ask me out for coffee when I didn't drink coffee. I didn't need to say "Oh I don't drink coffee but sure." I could just go to the coffee place and get a tea or water or soda. ..It's not really about the beer. They just want to hang out with you. 
I have been dealing with this lately too. I started a new job and the inevitable "lets grab a drink" has been popping up. It's weird. I want to be social but I really don't want to go to a bar. I'm a pleaser by nature and I know if I get in an awkward situation where I don't want to disappoint someone I may end up with a drink in front of me despite my better judgment. So here is what I have come up with... I don't always tell people I don't drink but I throw it out there often enough that I have stopped getting most invites. I ask people out for coffee / breakfast so we can talk. I bring donuts sweets to meetings where I think someone will bring beer. I sometimes tell people I don't drink because I stopped smoking for my health to lose weight etc. I might get called lame now and again. I may have the occasional person say why not just one?! but most people have enough sense to not pry too hard. You can find the people that don't want to rage but you might have to look a little harder. At the university I used to work at there were a lot of recovery groups like Smart in the neighborhood at times when students could pop in. Might be a place to find some people facing the same situation. Congrats on b school and your sobriety! 
First thing there are partiers at every school. Do you want to make the most of your opportunity? Then avoid the parties and the party people. They will do you no good...I was drinking when I was at law school and I knew it wasn't helping. It was a struggle to abstain while I was trying to study. You have a leg up being already sober. ..Find yourself a meeting for support. You might be surprised to see some people there you know!
I'm a cis woman but can relate to the feeling of coming out as an alcoholic. Maybe try an LGBTQ meeting. I've found a lot of comforting folks there who know exactly how it feels. No judgements. Good for you for getting off the booze train before it wrecks your potential at biz school. It'll be the best decision you could make. It feels funny and awkward at first but as sobriety becomes a bigger part of your identity those childlike feelings dissipate. With a good support system you'll be able to  go for a drink  without drinking booze and ruining your life. Keep in mind that people and colleagues really aren't thinking about your decision and you don't owe anyone an explanation. If someone won't let up about it  I'm allergic  or  health reasons  usually works. 
For me usually works saying: I have some health issues so I had to cut down for a while. It tis usually enough.
Maybe you can find an AA or Meetup for sober LGBTQ people?
