-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96pjk3/sharing_for_my_husband/

Good morning! I am the wife of an alcoholic. I've been reading posts on this subreddit since my husband decided to try to get sober..He doesn't use reddit but I take screenshots and send them to him..He was a heavy beer drinker for about 12 years we have been together for 8. He always admitted to his problem with drinking and tried to quit a few times but always on his own. And always failed. .This time was different! There was no big rock bottom but a realization that 12 beer a night turned into 15... and likely the hangover was getting worse..He thought he was high functioning he went to work had enough money to buy beer and only drank at night..Once he knew he had to quit he told me that he needed help to do it. This was the best thing we ever did. .He told his employer. Luckily his company gave him resources and the time off to seek help..He went to a detox center. He stayed there for 5 days. There they gave him Valium for the first few days for the withdrawals. He had counselling and AA meetings met other addicts and had no contact with the outside world..After that his outlook was SO positive. He felt strong and hopeful..Today he is 8 days sober. I am so proud of him..His next steps are going to a therapist and Psychiatrist he needs to get an ultrasound on his liver to see how bad the damage is and getting cognitive therapy to help him with his emotions..We have both seen so many improvements already. He has an appetite again his fear of large crowds is pretty much gone his hand used to get so sweaty when he was anxious and now they are mostly dry! He is much calmer with everyday things including dealing with me!..I just wanted to share this so if anyone is struggling to try to quit on their own I hope they have the support and courage to get help from other people. .And Thank you for being a place for me to come to help me understand what he is going through. I got so much insight (and the recommendation of A Naked Mind!) for this group! ..
----------immediate responses--------

He is lucky to have you! Wishing your husband and you the very best. 
Good on both of you!..For yourself you could also have a look at r/alanon - a support group for loved ones of those with a drinking problem.....Keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Thanks for being such a supportive spouse! He's lucky to have you. Quitting drinking will have a huge positive impact on your marriage. Early sobriety can be an emotional roller coaster so try to bear with it when he gets irritable or angry. It will pass. You should get him to start a Reddit account! 
I am so happy for your husband. I so much understand him. Especially because I was also so called 'functional alcoholic' for years. Decided to quitt voluntarliy because I knew I had to do it. CBT therapy will be huuge plus for him. Helps me a lot. I haven't try AA yet but I will go for sure. We are like a babies now learning to walk again. I have also relieved because I see that I am hot the only one who is anxious socially damn I was so scarred to go to visit my parents for hollidays! But anxiety gets better with time. All the best to you and your husband! IWNDWYT !!!
Yes he is so fortunate to have your concern and support there jena.  Kudos to you for reaching out to this community.  I can see that you are finding insightful non judgmental comments.  It has helped me a lot to read here.   My wife is still with me after years of living with my drinking.  I think it mentions in the AA book how fortunate we are to be blessed with such incredible women as yourself.  Keep us posted.  It is inspiring to see the healing in your husband that you described.   
You're husband is so blessed to have you. You sound like a wonderful person. You deserve a sober husband.
That's so great! I hope he joins us here it's really fulfilling being a part of the community. So glad he has you to support him well done!
Lucky guy to have u by his side
