-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96t16r/4th_day_relationship_over_starting_anew/

Hi SD...5 days ago I made serious mistakes while drunk. The whirlwind of absolute shit I created left me without the one person who has been supportive of me in every way for the last 4 years. I am left without a home many friends my belongings my dog my sanity and my self respect...I recognize that I have a serious problem with alcohol and I have been diagnosed with PTSD. I am on medication seeing my shrink and therapist and have also now attended a couple AA meetings. I'm not sure how I like them but it's a step. ..I don't know if I'm okay. I'm struggling just to take the next few steps to get my life back in shape. I want to be sober. I want to get a handle on my PTSD. I want to not be the selfish verbally abusive reckless drunken bastard who has caused so much harm to those I love. ..I feel like I am at the bottom of a well looking up and the light is a small disc so very far away. I keep on thumbing this silver chip in my pocket. It's one of the few things giving me focus. I have and will continue to to post every morning in the check in. Not for her. But for me. I owe it to myself. I know I am better than this. ..Alcoholism has given me an exact price to what it exacts from me. The price is everything I hold dear. ..No more. Not from me. ..IWNDWYT...
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on making the decision to enter into recovery. It seems you've taken your first step toward the life you want to live. It won't always be easy but you can do it. Just take it one at a time. You got this.
I believe in you
On a mission to take back everything I freely have over to the demon myself.   IWNDWYT 
Thank you for posting this. It's a horrifying disease. I need to keep reminding myself there is nothing significant to gain from drinking and so much to lose. It sounds like you're taking some really big steps by getting help and attending AA meetings. I'm here with you friend. 
I got sober in AA and I see a psychiatrist and therapist for my other issues.  Being sober and working the steps of AA has reduced my stress and helped me be compliant with my medication and positive thought patterns.  Best to you.
[removed]
55 days ago I was right where you were. Like RIGHT where you were. I was NOT ok at all. My life was practially in shambles and I wasnt sure about how I was going to fix it. The only thing that helped was each additional day I stayed sober. They added up quick and I started feeling better. AA is what helped me initially. Had I not gone I'd either be dead or homeless. However it's not my only method of recovery.  I started meditating reading TONS of "quit lit" running through podcasts while working and really thinking about what I truly wanted out of my future. ..You mentioned your 24 hour chip... I carry mine every single day. When I have a craving I take it in my hands and remember exactly what that chip means. In that moment its a medal for achieving sobriety the day before. A symbol of victory over the war inside my head. Then it becomes my commitment. I earned this medal and I need to be the person who achieved that victory...Im proud of you for coming this far. I hope to see you around here more. ..
