-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96tbe5/what_are_you_struggling_with_what_is_a_goal_that/

These are questions used in CBT... I thought I would throw it out there to see what's on your minds.
----------immediate responses--------

What is CBT?
Struggling with stressing over work(honestly for no good reason). My goal is to meditate when I feel overwhelmed instead of letting stress get the best of me. 
Making it to my first smart meeting. 
Need to get back to working regularly. The lack of structure (and $) makes for a stressful life filled with triggers. For this week I might need a little time off though fell off hard.
I'm a constant worrier and have a new worry on my worry list.  I  know that's one of the reasons I drink - to drink away my worries for just a little while anyway.  So I think there is something to this mindfulness/meditation stuff and I need to get more serious about figuring out what it's all about.  I've attempted it before but had difficulty because of my tinnitus which can be quite distracting.  I just need to find the right approach which is my goal.
Struggling with being accountable to all my commitments. I'm late for class because I slept in again. ..Goal for this week is make a really solid start on step 4. Just wanna get it done and keep moving. Excited to be getting to the work part of the work.
My struggle is re-fat (an SD term for regaining all the weight lost by quitting drinking) and depression.  So I stopped by a gym today and signed up for their free trial.  I know that working out will help my mood and can't hurt on the weight issue.  So my goal is to go to the gym at least Monday Wednesday and Friday this week and do a 45 minute class at each visit.  Maybe it won't be terrible.
Good question.... mine to keep picking up momentum... in this sober life even just a bit is okay.  "A problem  properly and correctly defined is a problem half solved"
sober but still procrastinate lol.
My goal this week is to exercise in the afternoons with my oldest and bike rides with both kids before sunset.
