-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/96zr6i/the_more_you_relapse_the_harder_it_gets/

I had 18 months once. Then 6. Then 3. Now I'm going a couple weeks in between "Ugh I'm not drinking anymore" and "Oh but this social situation calls for it and it's only been a couple weeks so I'll start tomorrow". ..Something bad doesn't happen every time. But it's a matter of when not if. Every time I drink and nothing happens I get closer to the time something bad does happen. ..I'm 27. It's hard for me to think about never drinking again forever and ever. That feels like a very long time. So I suppose I will not drink just for today. That's all I can do for now. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
[removed]
Yes indeed. And after that you're back to square one and want to die (that's what happened with me)
I got a weeks vacation in october. Im daydreaming abt a huuuuge cider bender waking up the next day and first thing grabbing the next can not even leaving my apt. Just endless ciders tv videogames reddit youtube and takeaway. I might not do that its pretty far off still. But i can think abt it since quitting forever is p daunting.
Yes I would mind fuck myself to death with thoughts like I will never drink again and that seems too god awful to even want to go there.  You got it right with not drinking just for today.  That's all any of us can do for now.  Good luck my friend. 
The times of sobriety you spent are not lost they have value. Nobody learns to ride a bike on their first try. We're making progress even if its not a grand slam. Hang in there one day at a time. Forever can take care of itself :)
You've got it right Sully. One day at a time. IWNDWYT became my motto when I found this sub and I stuck to it. Hell in the beginning sometimes it was an hour at a time. I've realized that I'm not good with long term goals and always want instant gratification. The days accumulate faster than you think. Keep it up! IWNDWYT! 
Don't quit drinking retire from it.
The thing I've been struggling with is not to judge those relapses as  failure  (thus adding to my shame and self-doubt). I try to keep remembering that each day that I don't drink is a lesson learned... and that (hopefully) each day that I do is also teaching me something. ..Of late it has been teaching me how much I don't want to drink. So IWNDWYT 
Just today is smart. Clarify your goals. If you don't know why you're choosing to stop you're going to have a hard time saying no when you're triggered to drink. What do you want out of your sober life? Re Learning the art of saying no is just like being in shape it's a routine thing. I will not drink with you today 
Yep I felt the same way you do. "How can I never have another drink?!". But it's surprising I've adjusted to that quite easily now. ..I give a lot of credit to AA. They help you understand why the dream of moderation is just a mirage. They've all tried all failed - just as I have and I suspect you as well. The program really helps. If you haven't tried it give it a shot. It isn't about religion - I don't believe in God - and it isn't about the Bible or Jesus. It's a group of alcoholics who support each other as they try to remain sober. 
For me what happened when I relapsed is that the method by which I got sober that time no longer worked. For example the first time was when I read "Quit Drinking the Easy Way". I was about two weeks sober after that but after relapsing reading the book no longer had any effect on me. The second time was reading "The 30 Day Sobriety Solution". I made it through 15 days in the book and then was still sober for about another 20 days after that. But again once I relapsed the book no longer helped even when I did all of the exercises it recommended...Now I'm 3 months sober after rehab and part of the reason that I refuse to drink (aside from just genuinely not wanting to ever drink alcohol again) is because I don't want to waste the time I spent in rehab and I'm afraid that going to rehab again wouldn't work (even though it probably would because going to rehab and working on yourself is far better than reading a book). 
Nope this is in Boston. Big drinking culture lots of old school drunks. I wasn't yet prescribed the medication I was discouraged from seeking help outside the program. ..The weed thing I don't think I'd be able to just keep to myself. Literally the last time I tried to go to a meeting the speaker got up and specifically talked about how if you are smoking weed and claiming sobriety you aren't recovering. So that was nice lol..Yeah right now what I have is SD. I might try SMART but I'm sort of turned off to meetings in general now. 
109 days in and I still don't tell myself I'm not drinking forever. I kind of sort of feel that way maybe? I mean I have no intention to drink but it's just so hard to say "I quit forever". ..So I just do what you do...I don't drink today. No matter how hard or painful or frustrating or saddening. I just don't drink today and hope the next day is better. So far that hasn't been proven wrong :)
You are so spot on. I had 3 months. Then one month. Then one week. Now it seems like I'm in an endless spiral. I can hardly stay sober for one day because I feel like such shit. I'm going to take it one day at a time. Just need to not drink TODAY. 
Drinking erases a bit of your life every time you do it. Those are bits of your life you will never get back. Your time is precious do not waste it. Do not let alcohol erase you.
Drugs that give you good feeling do so because they stimulate the dopamine receptors in your brain. Too much of this stimulation and these receptors begin to shrink making it more difficult to have good feelings without the drug. It takes time for them to grow back to their normal size. Be attentive to the people places and things that give you even the mildest good feelings and keep track of them. Try to remember that in time you will be able to really experience life with all its joys and sorrows and really share them with people who know and love you. If you keep drinking eventually you will lose even the ability to enjoy drinking.
I am 27 as well and have the similar thought of 'never drinking again forever and ever'. Like you said I've also found worrying about today makes it easier and less overwhelming. I'm nearly 2 weeks in this time nearly fucked up over the weekend. But find it easier to find something to occupy the time which lately has been playing guitar and video games. I suck at guitar while drinking (I used to think so highly of myself for being able to play as well as I could while wasted). It's something I want to continue getting better at and I know drinking will ruin it. Instead of practicing I'll waste my time being drunk and ultimately unproductive (or practice while drunk which ends up as a fail). For me finding something to improve myself at and realizing that drinking will only hold me back has helped a lot. 
A matter of when...so true. Hasn't happened yet right? ..Y our.E legible .T oo ..IWNDWYT    
In the beginning I never said I quit drinking I only said I'll not drink today.  Then I graduated to I'm taking an break from alcohol.  Where I am today.  Baby steps...
It doesn't help that it's in our faces everywhere we go....Just do the best you can do 1 day being dry is a lot better then none at all. ..
I was deep in drinking at 27. The social part was very strong for me as well. But take it from me I'm 29 now on probation for a DWI and all the people I used to drink with will not even hang around me if I pick up a drink. I was ride and would go black out and just lose my shit.  They would put their drinks down after a while whereas i was this insatiable dumpster for it and would need to drink more and more because it was the only thing that levelled me out at that time but by the time I started to feel that I was well on my way to black out.  Not saying this will definitely happen to you but just a friendly warning from experience.  I started drinking very heavily at 26 from anxiety and depression(only makes it worse.) Hope this may help. IWNDWYT
What may help is telling everyone in your family/close friends. Sometimes in the early stages it helped me when I knew I was accountable. I couldn't get away with it anymore. I needed it to be that way. ..Also! 18 months is amazing 6 months is great! But just focus on each day it sounds like you are overwhelming yourself with the concept of forever sobriety. I promise you In time the obsession lifts and it gets much easier. That's why everyone in AA that 30 day chip is the hardest. At least for me I don't live with that anymore although it takes awhile to get there. Not trying to be preachy I'm going through this all over with tobacco every 6 months. ..I think you've done a damn fine job and today is another day to try again...IWDWYT
