-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/971887/some_thoughts_on_what_i_wish_i_knew_about_relapse/

One of the sentiments I often hear about sobriety &amp; recovery is that relapse is part of the process...I think this is true for *some people*. This is not true for *everyone*...Me? I tried  quitting  or getting sober in earnest 4 or 5 times before it really  stuck  this time around. Each time I quit I got more sustained days sober than the last. Every time I went back to drinking I felt a mixture of relief and sadness. When I came back this time 2 years ago I knew I didn't want relapse to be part of my story anymore. I wanted out...So yes I'm one of those who relapsed. It came with a lot of shame and guilt and feeling like maybe I wasn't cut out for this sober thing. But I came back multiple times. I see a lot of posts here from folks whose process has been similar to my own...Regardless in my earlier attempts I often felt like my sober days simply *didn't count* for anything after I relapsed. All those days: gone. I felt like relapse was inevitable and that sober time was rendered invalid once I took that first drink back into active addiction...This time around I've made it 2+ years. The longest of my adult life. I am proud of myself. I credit a lot of my success to coming to this sub reading people's successes stories &amp; struggles and giving &amp; receiving encouragement. I know that I am not immune to relapse but I know what I need to do to prevent it. Every day I choose to stay sober I choose to keep another relapse out of my recovery story...On here I see a lot of that same shame and guilt in other's relapse stories. I see a lot of people saying  all of my hard work is gone right out the window. I'm back at ground zero again. ..And sure while the sustained continuous day count of sobriety has been broken those sober days are not gone. You had them they existed you did it. There is no changing the past. Even if it was only ONE day sober that one day is *yours*. You earned it. Nobody is taking that away...Relapse is part of the process for *some people*. It might be part of your process it might not. It might be painful. But it doesn't invalidate all of the work you've already done. It doesn't take away the knowledge you've gained...Even if you're reading this post after a week-long binge you're here reading it you're here consuming sober support you're still fighting for your sobriety even if it feels like you lost. You haven't lost. Your progress isn't erased. You have the choice and the opportunity to jump back on and try again try differently try something new whatever...But don't give up on yourself. You're worth the fight. We'll be here for you.
----------immediate responses--------

I really needed to read this today. Thank you! 
Lovely post. 
Absolutely needed this right now. I'm coming out of a week long bender and I feel like a failure. I ruined some friendships (probably a good thing because they were with toxic people) but I'm still embarrassed. 
The two analogies I've heard are  If you fail a math test in high school you don't get sent back to kindergarten  and  If you're traveling cross country from Seattle to New York and you take a detour to Chicago you don't have to go all the way back to Seattle to keep going east.  Just get back on the road.   ..Always a great lesson to remember.  Thank you.  IWNDWYT.
Great post.
Such an excellent post and very much appreciated.  Thank you.
Fantastic post. Thanks for the keen insights. IWNDWYT
This is great insight. I'm proud of you! IWNDWYT
Thanks for this. I needed it today. 
So much this. Really needed to read this today. Definite words of wisdom from someone who has thought seriously about their recovery and can communicate in a easy relaxed way. Thank you. 
IWNDWYT
Thank you.
Great post very important point. IWNDWYT
Thank you. I agree with you. The days you earned aren't somehow gone. It's not a video game people it's recovery and it's a process. 
I really want to thank you for this post. It deeply resonates with me. My badge says 14 days but do you know what? I quit November 5th last year. I have had two two-week relapses since then. One in March and another more recently. But dammit if this 14 days does not feel waaay different than it did in late November. I *know* that I can do it. I *know* what it feels like and I have built up many tools for success. Yes I regret that I fell off the wagon but I spent a lot of time exercising that "sobriety muscle" that none of it was wasted. ..For me it's the constant effort to *begin again* that makes all the difference in the world. I will not drink with you today. 
[removed]
I think you are right the badge should be more like : 3 days + 9 days + 31 days and counting. This way it wouldn't have to be back at ground zero but acknowledgement of the progress one has made.  
Honestly I drank one day and I still count the whole run.  I made the conscious decision to have some beers (6-8? IPA pints) with a good buddy while traveling.  It reaffirmed that I don't want to drink in the end.  I still totally count the whole time.  I'm just honest about the relapse and proud of my entire body of work in this aspect of my life.  It wasn't a negative in any way for me and now I'm very happy overall with where I am...So basically i followed your suggestions exactly and it has worked for me.
Nice
I needed to read this today-Thank you for posting and IWNDWYT 
Thanks for this thoughtful post. I am terrified of relapsing. I'm a do-gooder people pleasing A-student type who wants to "do it right" and knowing that about myself makes me fear drinking again even MORE for obvious reasons. Just thanks for this perspective. &lt;3 
Thank you! So much!!! 
[removed]
Very encouraging and timely for me today! Thank you. Time to keep moving in the right direction.
Thank you!! I went on a binder this weekend and even though my last drink was Sunday I still feel so awful today. I just keep reminding myself I'm on day 2 of sober not 5th day of drinking. It's a small win for me..I will not drink with you tonight! 
Just wanted to say thanks and that this post helped me.  I caved in and drank some beer last night.  In the past I have always taken this as a 'welp it doesn't matter if i drink more now since i've already done it once' but thinking that the occasional relapse is part of the process is a much healthier thought.  IWNDWYT
