-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/974hu3/nobody_would_have_known_if_i_had_drank_tonight/

I'm out of town in a major city for a certification class I need to take. I'm staying alone away from my family and friends. I left my hotel for some late night sushi. Sushi was great but the service sucked. After I got my food nobody came around for another 40+ minutes. I finished eating and just sat there and sat there and sat there. It doesn't take me long to down 2 rolls. Anyways when a waiter that wasn't my own finally came close I asked for my check. And then I was ignored for another 10 minutes or so. For some perspective the restaurant wasn't very busy. Maybe 6 or 7 active tables plus mine and two servers. Anyways I'm getting pretty angry by this point. I was contemplating not leaving a tip at all which is totally unlike me. Anyways my waiter FINALLY comes over and brings me my check. And an open Corona. He apologized for the shitty service and said the beer was on the house. ..It looked really tasty. I think for a split second that stupid alcoholic part of my brain said go for it. ..Thankfully I started to pick it up to move it away from me simply out of habit. I then came to my senses and told him it's ok but I don't drink. I actually told him to not worry about it (the service) and I ended up leaving him a $5 tip on a $25 order. Even though I didn't drink that beer I can appreciate the gesture of trying to make it right with me. Good for him. ..Anyways I started walking out and I knew I needed to tell you fine people about this. Nobody but myself would have known if I had drank that  beer . (I can still be a beer snob if I don't drink anymore right?) I know there's a lot of people here that are struggling. That given the opportunity some may not have walked away. I'm here to tell you it gets better. You can get to this point too by staying sober just one day at a time. ..IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Seeing that you've been sober for so long this story serves as a reminder that sobriety is something you'll always have to work at. Thank you for sharing :) Hope you enjoy the rest of your trip even if it's for a certification 
RIGHT ON! I was just talking to someone in the chat about how salons now give out wine for every service. It used to be automatic for me to say yes and then ask for another. At first maybe no one would have known but because I know where alcohol takes me I would be revealed soon enough and then the consequences come. ..Great job walking out of there sober today. 
Great story! Thanks for sharing!
Great job! I had to leave my friends house the other day they all started drinking( they don't know about my issue yet). I couldn't take the temptation so I ran out lol. I am so happy you made the healthy choice 
