-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9786zu/cognitive_dissonance/

This morning I had weird pro alcohol thoughts. It was a not craving and I'm particularly scared of relapsing at least not right at this moment. The thoughts are just strange. I had these weird happy alcohol thoughts but I hate alcohol I'm through with alcohol. Why am I having thoughts like these?..I think I'm experiencing what Annie Grace describes in  This Naked Mind  as cognitive dissonance. I think there's still something in me that believes alcohol is good even though the rational part of me knows it's poison and wants nothing to do with it. This wasn't a craving and I don't feel like my sobriety is being immediately threatened but it makes me worry about the future. Maybe I'm overreacting and the whole thing isn't a big deal I just needed to share because I'm a little spooked. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's normal!..I call that little voice the 'Booze Goblin'... he loves Booze and thinks it's the best thing ever in defiance of all logic and reason... Over time his voice gets quieter and quieter until he more or less disappears altogether.....Thoughts are just thoughts and there is no compelling reason to *act* on them! I can't control what random thoughts pop into my head but I can observe them and decide how I react to them... If I do nothing and don't engage with them sooner or later they float away again.....Techniques like Mindfulness Meditation can help with this.....Sober on!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Hey I am 1.5ish years in and I still get cravings sometimes! Well craving might not be the right word but a whisper of "Heyyyy girl wine would be soooo good right now." It used to be loud screams of "WINE NOW FEED ME" but it definitely diminishes in loudness and frequency with time...But cravings are a part of the recovery! You're retraining your brain! It's ok to feel uncomfortable &lt;3
I get those randomly.  But it's not like they were in the beginning stage.  I generally laugh at them.   Ha!  Yeah right!  We all know how that'll end! Nice try but Nope .  That's one of the thousand reasons I'm so grateful for this sub.. I already know it happens to all of us.  I already know it's a scam and don't fall for it.  All I need is my own personal history to illustrate how bad I was at handling booze (or how good I was at it? Idk!) to let me know what would happen if I did drink it again.  That knowledge helps me relax and not be afraid.  All I do to prevent a relapse is not pick up that first drink.  We've got this and we've got each other.  Cheers with coffee!  Have a good day out there
I felt the same today! I am already worried about going to a wedding next month and telling my uni friends (haven't seen them in over 2 years) that I'm not drinking anymore. Familiar feelings of the fear of social isolation awkwardness and not having fun are screaming much louder than the logic of Naked Mind and AA right now. And that's fine- I can observe this chaotic orchestra in my mind perhaps even laugh at the absurdity of it and I don't HAVE to drink even though this sophomoric annoying part of my psyche is pleading me to. Let's laugh at these silly thoughts together and they WILL pass! IWNDWYT. .
I'm glad you shared your thoughts as I have had similar thoughts before. It takes time to 'unlearn' years of societal and socialised norms around alcohol we've been taught. Of course there will be momentary lapses of thought it is often said we have around 50000-70000 thoughts a day! Some of those thoughts aren't always going to be positive or correct thoughts they're just thoughts recognise them at that and allow them to pass through your consciousness and carry on with your day. .. TL;DR Don't pass judgement on your thoughts but your actions.
