-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/978e5n/paws_on_try_4/

Hello SD. I just wanted to share what i'm going through. This is attempt at sobriety #4 in the last 112 days. I have been sober 105 of the last 112 days. Today is day 16 on my latest and God willing last attempt...My symptoms this time long past the acute phase are intolerable. My sleep is awful. I wake up feeling confused with a massive headache. My coordination is off. I am irritable I am worry all the time. I have wild mood swings. All of this for the past week now...I am going for a dental appointment today (chipped tooth from daily drinking days) physical tomorrow and an at home sleep study as soon as i can get scheduled...But all in all i am struggling with sobriety this time and the physical and mental symptoms. I have been to 2 meetings seeing an addiction therapist and have valium and xanax for a pre-existing (or co-morbid?) anxiety disorder...God knows I am trying my best this time but i am going through what seems like a great lasting atonement period right now. Thanks for reading and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I do not have experience with PAWS but wanted to say I'm rooting for you and wish you strength &lt;3
Whenever I feel like that I double up on my self-care routine. I tell my husband what's up so that he doesn't expect me to be "normal". I only do the bare minimum. I give myself as much rest as possible. I make sure my diet is on point and I take all the supplements I need (I track my food in Cronometer and it highlighted what vitamins I'm missing out on). I manage my anxiety using CBT. I practice mindfulness and do presence practice. ..I also remind myself that this is not how sobriety feels - the shitty time I'm going through is basically a protracted hangover. I know I want to quit drinking so if I give in now I will just be prolonging my suffering. IWNDWYT
Not to nit pick here but sober 105 of 112 days sounds like one solid attempt at quiting drinking not four...I used to get down on myself because I was the chronic two week relapser.  If you count those as separate attempts I must have attempted 40+ times in two years.  But if you look at it as one attempt I have been making progress this whole time.  I used to be sober about 2-3 days a week.  Then it was 5-6 days.  Then less than one day a week drinking.  Some 2-3 week stretches began teaching me how to get through weekends and I basically stopped going to liquor stores.  I was down to social drinking though that did sometimes send me to the store to keep the binge going.  But it was progress...Eventually those 2 week runs became this 4 month run.  In 2016 I was drunk like 75% of the year.  In 2017 I was only drunk about 40% of the time.  And this year will be less than 10% if I keep going as I am...Sorry for the long post but stumbles are not always start overs.  Keep working at it and you can get there!
I'm only 7 days after 20 years drinking but I feel like this for sure. That said I have bipolar disorder so none of these things is a new rodeo to me. Things that help for me are naps if at all possible as much water as you can stand B12 magnesium for anxiety and a concrete routine for meals hygiene and sunshine. A young baby is always difficult even when you feel great. Make sure you get plenty of time to yourself and not just 100% work and family. Keep on keeping on. You have made a ton of headway! IWNDWYT 
