-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/978nz4/sober_concert_struggles/

So lat night was as far as I can remember my first time attending a concert sober in probably 20+ years. ..I found it very difficult to manage. My social anxiety was really bad without the alcohol and frankly I just didn't enjoy the experience. Being sober around all of the drunk people was really difficult. I have tickets to a few other shows coming up and am kind of dreading going to them now...How have you all dealt with similar situations? 
----------immediate responses--------

It took me a solid year to brave the sober concert experience. This was a major sacrifice for me because I love live music. Now not so much. I saw 6 Dead an Company shows this year with zero desire to drink. This is one of those things that gets easier as time and days tick by.  
How long have you been sober?  I went to one about 3 weeks in and I was a little on edge because it was my first big sober outing but overall I enjoyed it.  Of course the two shows I went to prior to that I only remember the first 15 minutes so it was nice spending a quarter of what I usually spend and actually remembering what songs I heard.  But these types of things got easier for me with more time.  I can also spend more for VIP seats and put some distance between me and the drinkers when I am not going to drop $100 on overpriced shots.
I haven't done it yet but I have one coming up this week. I think the most important thing to remember is that the first one was probably always going to be tough. You're doing something new and your brain and nervous system need to adjust. Just think...you'll never have to do it for the first time again. I will not drink with you at concerts! :)
I feel you on that one. I used to looove going to see live music. Now I can only go if I have my camera in my hand. ..I think it's also been important for me to be able to just leave whenever I want. So not relying on a ride from someone else or going to something hugely far away. Smaller more local shows while they may be in small squishy venues allow me an easy out and short trip home if I get uncomfortable. 
If it's a concert I love and a band I would see anyway I would go. Some bands have a lot of sober people or like Jason Isbell the singer is sober which helps. ..On the other hand I've bought tickets to concerts and then bagged at the last minute when I just didn't feel like going. 
I've got 3 coming down the pike myself - first one 8/26.  I'm full of anxiety and wish I could cancel.
