-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/979zp1/alcoholism_is_it_really_a_disease/

Is alcoholism a disease?  Has it been scientifically proven or is this just the prevailing notion in our circle?  I'm not sure that it is a disease in the classic sense anyway...I was chatting with some friends who are well aware of my alcoholism and who had heaped praise on me for being able to stop drinking without any intervention.  They were talking about another alcoholic they know who is struggling with it and cast dispersion on him because he described his condition as a disease.  I replied that if an alcoholic needs to call it a disease to remove the onus from themselves as a means to stop drinking then that's the important thing - not how they got there.  So I therefore believe that classifying alcoholism as a disease rightfully or wrongfully is a good thing.
----------immediate responses--------

I agree the idea that it was a disease is very helpful in early sobriety. Otherwise guilt and shame can lead you right back to the bottle. I don't see myself as diseased now. 
I'm just starting the book *The Biology of Desire: Why Addiction Is Not a Disease* by Marc D. Lewis. It's pretty interesting and I can totally understand the "learned behavior" of addiction. But yeah... I agree with you - call it whatever it needs to be called if it gets people in recovery. 
[removed]
It certainly has a lot of characteristics similar to a disease whether it actually is one or not.  And I believe a big part of getting a handle on it is understanding how it works.  So if you want to treat it like a duck because it quacks like a duck then go with that.
I'd recommend that you watch [Is Addiction Really A Disease?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2emgrRoT2c) by Dr Kevin McCauley... it's absolutely superb!..Addiction is a complex *brain disorder* arising from bio-psycho-social factors... the first use (or few uses) of the mood-altering addictive substance may be a choice but as addiction develops the element of choice has little to do with it.....McCauley argues that addiction is a fundamentally a deficit in the way that our brains perceive pleasure - in the same way that blindness is a problem in the way we perceive light or deafness is a problem in the way we perceive sound.....There are genetic and epigenetic factors at play and also elements of maladaptive learning - it becomes like a feedback loop... the proximal cause is usually chronic unmanaged stress during childhood development as well as early exposure to the addictive substance(s) (before the age of 25 when the brain has finished developing).....Over time the brain rewires itself to compulsively seek out and repeat the use of the addictive substance because it has mistakenly come to believe that it is essential for survival... ..The ability to exert impulse control make rational choices and assess the future consequences of using the substance become heavily compromised because long-term drug or alcohol use damage the parts of the brain like the basal ganglia amygdala and prefrontal cortex.....Addiction is a chronic condition that can be put into remission by getting into recovery and taking certain measures on a daily basis to keep it that way!..Sorry for waffling on this is something of a pet topic of mine and is endlessly fascinating.....IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
There is certainly a genetic factor behind it for some people (myself included)...
I think the definition of 'disease' is so vague it's kinda useless.  My tendency is to reserve the use of it for specific congenital disorders or infectious diseases.  ..I don't think of myself as having a disease.  I think of myself as having a physical and mental addiction to alcohol.  I believe it when experts tell me my brain has been chemically altered because of too many years of daily alcohol consumption.   (I am optimistic though that if I give myself enough time sober it will rewire itself so that the cravings/urges disappear.  The pain in my side has gone away - who knows what might be happening upstairs?)..I'm going off on a tangent here sorry.  ..Like you said whatever helps people to stop drinking is good.  But:  if calling it a disease causes the individual to give up and keep drinking because he or she feels like a hopeless victim that is not good.  I know too many people who have done that.
No I don't believe that it's a disease. 
I think of it as more of a disorder but people can use any terminology that feels right for them.
I am convinced it is a disease and I have it.
I find the word alcoholism to be problematic for many reasons that i won't get into here.  I find it's better to view the issue through the lens of the alcohol use disorder.
I don't believe it is a disease.  I chose to drink and I fought long and hard to become an alcoholic (addict daily drinker whatever).  I didn't just have one drink and poof I was addicted it took time to get where I was.  I then chose not to drink.
I tend to think of it as somewhere between a disease an allergy and a mental disorder. ..Treating it like a disease has proven to be by far the most effective way to get the most people sober however so I'm cool with it..
 Well I think it is not important. The most important thing is to realize that one can't drink like normal people drink. That makes for a person much easier taking a decision to quit drinking. 
