-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97ciam/badge_reset_i_need_some_advice_on_things/

From Thursday to Monday I was at a music festival. I was so excited to get out of my mind I simply shrugged off every day of mental effort avoiding drinking. I sneaked in 4 crates of beer a litre of gin and 3 grams of MDMA (plus another gram I bought when I was there) and now can barely even remember seeing Gorillaz. Last night I spent the night with horrible audible hallucinations and closed-eye hallucinations. I have a shit-ton of work to do as well as a busy social calendar this summer. Next week is my friend's wedding and the week after that I'm going to Amsterdam for a few days. My friends are going to be expecting/encouraging me to get fucked up and amuse them with drunken antics. Does anyone have any advice for getting through these events without drinking? Is smoking weed in 'Dam going to be OK just so long as I stay alcohol free or am I just replacing the drink with something else? I sometimes tell myself that I'm not ready to quit and that I need to wait a couple of weeks to get past these events so I stop drinking properly or I'm just going to relapse anyway. Is there any truth/value in that (waiting for the right time) or is it just a shit excuse and a bad attitude?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been trying to quit for three years and in all that time there has never been a good time to stop for good. Finally I got tried of stopping and starting up again and decided to take my sobriety seriously. For me this means sticking to the dry people dry places rule and surrounding myself with like-minded people.
 I think if you want it badly enough you can do it even in the most tempting of circumstances.  I quit right in time for the fall and winter holidays.  I really wanted it. So I did it. I looked through the FAQ's and top posts here and stayed in bed for about five days pretending to be sick so no one would bother me.  I didn't make a big deal out of it and I came up with various excuses for not drinking. I am still slowly telling friends and family but I have never been open about why I stopped. ..I personally don't smoke weed others here do.  I do drink coffee every day and that is my indulgence.  I also have been drinking a lot of sparkling water which I can order when I'm out. When I went to Europe a few months ago I ordered espressos or sparkling water with lemon all the time.  I even went to the wedding of Burning Man friends and there were definitely drugs and lots of alcohol but I just drink coffee and La Croix. ..These days I don't notice a huge difference. I don't think a wedding would be so much better if I were drinking. I remember that nice high feeling only lasting maybe 30 minutes... Anyway I believe you can do it even with everything you have going on. But whether you decide to do it now or whether you want to do it after these events the important thing is to never stop trying. One day it will stick :) 
I hear what your saying mate. For me it's easier to distance myself from things I don't want to do. I can handle being in a boozy environment for some time but after a while I start feeling like I'd rather be anywhere else. Days of it on end are not going to be easy...Also if you are hallucinating be careful. I went through similar after trips to Dam followed by a year of pills mushrooms and too much skunk.  After that I needed 2 years off everything completely just to sort my head out. ..Have a good think about what you're doing and make sure you don't push things over the edge because it can be tricky and long to climb back up. 
&gt;I sneaked in 4 crates of beer a litre of gin and 3 grams of MDMA... Does anyone have any advice for getting through these events without drinking?..How about using your sneaky-addict-superpowers for Good instead of Evil and enjoying the upcoming events with a non-alcoholic beverage in hand with no-one being any the wiser that there isn't any alcohol in it!..If you're already at the point where audio-visual hallucinations are occurring after a binge [Kindling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindling_(sedative%E2%80%93hypnotic_withdrawal) might mean that the next time around it'll be seizures or Delirium Tremens.... is it really worth the risk?..There will be no time easier than *now* to quit because of the progressive nature of addiction but only you can make the decision.....&gt;My friends are going to be expecting/encouraging me to get fucked up and amuse them with drunken antics...That is particularly disturbing I must say... with friends like that who needs enemies!? You are no obligation to provide the amusement or entertainment for anyone else at the risk of your own health and sanity.....Relapse is not a requirement!..Best of luck with whatever you decide to do keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
There's always going to be SOME reason why you can keep kicking the can down the road. So at some point you have to realize there's no perfect time and just go for it...There's lots of threads here about weed. I personally keep toking but I recognize that I'm replacing one bad habit with another. For now so long as it isn't alcohol I'm ok with that. I had quit weed earlier this year and it was super easy I'm planning to quit again once I get more non-drinking days under my belt.
I think by posting you kind of already know the answer. Did writing that out give you any sort of idea of what you might do? 
[removed]
