-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97ctzn/my_journey_starts_for_real/

I've been a drinker for 12 years now with the last 10 being at a high level - about two bottles of wine a day.  I tried to moderate taper told myself this is something I could manage alone...Work anxiety stress the fact that I am on the cusp of turning 40 and in a city where I haven't managed to make friends and have no family have been the primary motivating factors behind my drinking.  I have a great job that I have come to hate mostly because my hangovers and lack of energy left me unable to focus...In the last two months my platelet counts have dropped and I still feigned ignorance with my family doctor.  I have gout spots on my legs and bruises from low platelet counts. ..I'm a guy but wear concealer for  the red spots on my face Visine every morning for the bloodshot eyes and coffee to wake up in large quantities...I'm done.  I didn't want to go the ER because in my head that was only for people who drink every morning not classy people like me right? I can handle this alone...Turns out I cannot.  I went to a RAAC (Rapid Access Addiction Clinic) this Monday - went between work meetings and simply said I had an appointment.  I now have a counselor prescriptions for gapapentin (withdrawal and anxiety) naltrexone (cravings) and a SMART group and therapist to keep me accountable.  I also finally agreed to do a liver panel which I have avoided because I know the outcome will be unfavourable and that quitting is the only way I will get my health back and work on my social isolation...I have read your posts and I feel motivated and empowered by your successes and identify with your failures and relapses.  ..Here we go.....
----------immediate responses--------

Woo hoooo! Welcome!
Welcome aboard! We're here when you need us. ..IWNDWYT
Wow!  Fantastic!  Way to go your on such a good track here it's great to hear about!  Keep it up and keep us posted too!  
Great work! Admitting to family might be another good step. I finally did and they were shocked as they never expected it but so supportive and caring and compassionate. Now I have loved ones who don't judge and check in and support me every step of the way..Keep us updated - I will too. I too am delighted to never drink with you again!
Good for you! I'm also in a city I'm not from and don't have many friends. I'm currently working on a friend strategy because I really want to meet people who don't drink and spend all their time in bars. I live in a city known for happy hours and alcohol consumption so I feel like I definitely need to make friends mindfully. ..It sounds like you made some awesome first steps so congratulations and good luck with your health and with finding community :) 
[removed]
Sounds like you've made some great first steps it's hard at first but it will get better! I'd definitely recommend reading This Naked Mind if you've not picked it up already..IWNDWYT 
Brilliant! You are brave! IWNDWYT. 
