-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97henr/could_use_some_support/

Hi everyone I discovered this thread after wondering about the role alcohol plays in my life and whether I'd be happier without it. I'm trying to cut back on my drinking and want to do a sober month. It's been a struggle though. I drink 1-2 bottles of wine every 2-3 days or so and I'm starting to see the impact it's having on my health. I'm pretty depressed and anxious and I don't really like drinking - it's just what I run to when I feel emotionally triggered bored or have nothing to do. It's become a habit for me and one I want to break. ..One of the hardest things for me to do is not drink when emotionally triggered. I've had a really hard summer and my wine consumption has increased a great deal as a way to cope with the mental stress. I've been diagnosed with complex PTSD and am in therapy for it. However my therapist is really hard to schedule appointments with and I can go 2-3 weeks without seeing her. The only reason why I'm continuing to see her is because she is a trauma specialist. I've also joined Talkspace and have an online therapist. I've been following Annie Grace's This Naked Mind and am learning a lot about how alcohol negatively affects us. I've definitely seen changes in my physical appearance (my face is puffy and bloated and I have a wine belly) and in my mental also (I pretty much feel hungover and anxious all the time)...So here I am very much aware of the negative effects alcohol is having on me very much wanting to quit but not seeming to be able to break the habit. Yesterday was my 3rd day of being alcohol free and I kept telling myself that I would be able to make it through the day. I kept focusing on how proud I would feel if I could make it to 4 days of being alcohol free which hasn't happened in about 4 years. My plan was to go to the gym in the evening and then make a healthy dinner. ..Then I talked to my partner and we got into a fight. He was having a rough day and took it out on me. He snapped at me yelled and then hung up the phone. I took it really hard and was having a hard time not having a crying emotional meltdown over it as it reminded me of all the times my mother would snap scream and then ignore me (my therapist has told me that I will be particularly sensitive to things that trigger childhood wounds as I am going through therapy and that's exactly what happened). I was really shaken up...  .So I cancelled my gym plans bought a bottle of wine and drank the whole thing in order to turn my brain off. I drank to numb and forget. I remember finishing the bottle of wine and wanting more craving more. I talked myself out of that convinced myself to drink some water and fell asleep on my couch...I'm now awake and I feel filled with shame guilt feeling so weak feeling like a baby for falling apart because someone snapped at me. I should be tougher. Stronger. I want to be healthy I don't want to drink bottles of wine every other day but here I am and this is what I'm doing. I don't want to do it anymore. But I don't see any other choice when I am so raw and in so much pain and just trying to heal and it's so hard because I get hurt and wounded so easily. And the booze helps me forget that which is nice. What's not nice is that I'm destroying myself. I woke up dehydrated with a sore head and filled with shame instead of healthy and well-rested like I planned. ..I don't know how to stop this. Does anyone have any advice? ..Thank you so much for listening. It feels good to get this off my chest. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry your therapist is hard to make appointments with but you can check in here at any time of day!..One thing that helped me during my first flirtation with sobriety is mindsets like "Don't rob your future self of the chance of continuing your streak." Seriously when you hit that first week milestone it's SO. WORTH. IT. Also "I may cave some day but not today."..I think a sober month is a splendid idea.
This is incredibly insightful and a major step towards stopping drinking. You are going to need support while you develop adaptive (rather than reverting to the maladaptive) coping strategies. You are catching this early from from the sounds of things and that is great the challenge is that catching it early means that alcohol may not have caused quite enough damage to our lives to completely abstain from it. Alcoholism is progressive and it either gets stopped in it's tracks or gets worse. You have a wonderful opportunity to stop it right here. This sub combined with a support group and your therapist would do wonders. AA is far from perfect but at the heart of it it is people who simply want to stay sober. You will find that many AA members have had traumatic experiences as children or adults and turned to alcohol to cope. SMART recovery is also an option. For me I dislike the 12 step approach but I need those people in my life. They helped me and now I get to help them and it has kept me sober for 10 years. You can do this but do not do it alone and absolutely do so before alcohol takes an even tighter grip on your life. I am happy to answer any questions you have as well. 
I definitely struggled with wanting to escape emotions with alcohol and then feeling ashamed for being so weak that I had to drink to forget. A vicious cycle of shame and drinking that it took me a long time to get out of. Sounds like you are taking a first step in acknowledging that you want to stop. That's awesome! Therapy helped me a great deal so has this place I spend time in the IRC chat associated with this subreddit (https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking) for support in real time. It took me a long time to make it to day 3. I had to come up with plans for when I was triggered things to do so I wouldn't drink. It's been almost 2 years now. You can do this! Keep adding those tools to your toolbox... sounds like you are off to a great start. I won't drink with you today!
Seems like a lot of us drink to feel numb. You're not alone at all in this. The good news is today is a completely new day for you. ..IWNDWYT
