-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97iqgv/some_accomplishments_some_blah/

On day 4 of sobriety. 21 days off adderall. Raise at work and good reviews. And broke my way down into only five figures of loan debt finally this week (rather than the 6 plus figures I've  been above for so long). Sleep is good. ..But have utterly no motivation and feel pretty blah. Just blah. Hoping things start looking up. ..Best news is that I have lost any desire to pick up a drink. Been doing sober people and places this time and am really seeing why I kept failing before. All my actively alcoholic colleagues and friends wanna  grab a pint  like every two seconds. Birthday beers! Lunch beers! Beers just because. Sheesh. They're finally getting no means no. I genuinely think if I can stay outta the bars I can absolutely stay sober. Nice empowering feeling. ..I won't drink today. And I'm thinking of all of you especially those struggling. You can do today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I was pretty emotionless for a few weeks except for grumpy  .  Ride it out it does get better. 
Well I guess I won't drink either then.  Blahness here too.  Random shitty stuff goin' on.  Happens though.  Just gonna slog through it...Tomorrow will be a better day.
Hey so good news and bad news from  the future . ..Bad news: still no flying cars. ..Good news: once the brain wiring levels out you look back on all these accomplishments (like paying down law school debt! Good review at work during a massive personal shitstorm! Getting a raise!) and actually feel really good about them. For me it was a delayed reaction of about a month. Realizing hey I'm doing some decent adulting around here and deserve credit for it. The  meh  phase will pass. It sucks it weakens motivation across the board and it doesn't last. ..Also I put a ton of expectations on myself to be motivated about sobriety. Those expectations were pretty bullshit. Candidly I didn't get sober because it was an  exciting new opportunity  like winning a new car or new job. I had to do it because  sobriety  was the only other - and slightly less shitty option - than continuing to drink and use and guaranteed slow motion ruining my life. ..It's ok to not be motivated by sobriety some days at the beginning. Or the middle or coming up to 8 years. Some days I will genuinely smile and feel joyous. Some days the wiring and serotonin and dopamine are still rebalancing and it all feels weird. Some days are just really tough. And it's ok because all these reactions are part of fighting a challenging worthwhile battle to better myself my family and my community. ..And for those I love I will sacrifice. ...
