-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97j6tg/i_have_to_post_this_here/

Hey all..I'm fresh off another disappointing reset but I went to my LMHC yesterday talked through some things and am setting up a plan for success. I think I will be good on my own but Im currently having major anxiety about social situations. That was the cause of my last relapse and now I have another potential trigger tomorrow. ...It has always worked if I post up here before an event and pledge not to drink. So here goes - I'll be going to a sporting event tomorrow and I WILL NOT drink. Most of my friends won't be drinking anyway but a select few will be offering me beers. I'm going to hang out have fun and bring some sparkling waters to have something in my hand. Once we are in our seats I know those $13 bud lights won't be attractive to me so I'm not worried there. It's just those looks in the the parking lot while people are pregaming that will make me feel insecure. "comon! Gotta drink now before we go inside!". Nope. I'm driving. I'm also detoxing. No way I'm putting any alcohol into my system....I'll check in with you guys/gals in the megathreads tomorrow and Friday. Thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job posting here if that works for you.  Along the same lines I like to visualize the event.  Without realizing it before I used to visualize my failures.  I would think of different excuses that would make it ok to have a couple.  I was imagining my failures and then they would happen shocking!  So now I do the opposite.  I visualize my success how I might handle different conversations or situations and then I live them out and it is a lot easier than I ever thought...Best of luck.  I may catch a baseball game this weekend so I will also watch sports live and not drink with you!
Thanks for sharing. You can do it!   Looking forward to your check-ins!
I also get triggered by social  anxiety and that's been a bug part of previous relapses. This time around  I'm not going to a lot of the social events I used to go to - I realized that in my heart of hearts I don't really want to do a lot of things on the calendar. For the old me they were just excuses to dtimk. New me would rather do more things alone more hikes with friends more exercise classes and Yoga retreats - social events that fit my new lifestyle. I decided in order to stay sober i need to say no more...Just my experience.  Good luck and IWNDWYT
