-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97keoh/afraid_of_alcohol_in_common_foodsproducts_and_the/

Hey folks..Has anyone had any experiences accidentally ingesting some form of alcohol and then using that as an excuse to relapse? My sobriety is everything to me so I'm overly conscious of what items may contain alcohol because I fear my  all or nothing  mentality will turn against me one day and I'll relapse. For example I dumped out my old mouthwash because it was alcohol based. But do I trash the tub of vanilla ice cream because alcohol is present in vanilla extract?..This anxiety is wreaking havoc on my mind and I fear that it's just my addiction trying to claw me back to relapse. I had a similar experience at a friend's house when a cloud of weed filled the room. I tried to cover my nose and avoid it as best I could but  the thought that I may have been somewhat contact high (though unlikely) was almost enough of a justification to say fuck it and start smoking herb again...Any help or advice on the topic would be greatly appreciated to ease my sober mind. I hate living in fear of alcohol and weed. Even as I am sober today I imagine this terrible scenario where I accidentally drink the wrong cup or walk into a heavy smoke session.
----------immediate responses--------

My counselor said he had a client that was baking and wanted to see what the vanilla tasted like...The client thought  technically I've already relapsed. ..He...made the most of his relapse...Some people can handle it. Others can't 
Have you considered therapy to explore this black/white thinking issue?  It would seem that is more of the issue here.  Even if you do take a sip from the wrong cup that one sip isn't going to make you instantly drunk.  You would still have the free will to choose how to proceed from there.  It might be very tempting to have the taste but having a temptation and giving into a temptation are very different things...You can learn more about how to deal with temptations in a variety of books and podcasts and YouTube videos.  Sitting with a temptation observing a temptation and urge surfing are some terms you can use to look up such topics...You can learn to master this.  It will be ok.
My friend I so understand you. I am by that mean also overprotective. Read the labels. In general I think some vanilla flavouring in ice cream should not be the problem. However I avoid it. Eating fruity ice creams. Take care with stakes (they can be marinated in wine) chilli con carne bolognese sauce tiramissu cake. They contain some alcohol. In general I find some safe deals for sweets and meals in restaurants and stick to them. If there is no time to check I chose halal food restaurants. Iranian and turkish cousine is so tasty. Just don't be so much obsessed with it. You will grow confortable in new skin in few months. IWNDWYT !!!
Being so militant does seem like it could lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy. Apple cider orange juice kombucha...all have trace amounts of alcohol. I drink one or two kombuchas a week with no problems. Convincing myself I relapsed from eating vanilla and just said "oh well fuck it I might as well drink" probably wouldn't be the healthiest angle to take. If I went out of my way to get an alcoholic drink and intentionally drink it I would consider *that* a relapse.
For me a relapse would be purposefully ingesting something that had an intoxicating effect for the purpose of getting intoxicated and then continuing to do so with no plan to stop again. If I'm eating ice cream that has vanilla I'm not getting intoxicated or trying to. If I walk past a cloud of weed smoke which is getting more common these days I'm not trying to get intoxicated and I'm not going to even if I stopped and inhaled. And even if I did call those a relapse - so what? What does that even mean? ..You may need to work out your own definition of relapse - not one that is dogma handed to you by someone or some other organization. And then perhaps more importantly - I would figure out what labeling something as a "relapse" means to you and what you will do next. ..If you called breathing in weed smoke a relapse - what does that mean? If you dont' call it a relapse - what does that mean for you? ..If you do have a relapse however you define that what does that mean? What would you do next? Would you stop and figure out what prompted it? Call in support systems journal? Wake up the next day and decide not to drink? Realize it was one day out of many that you had stayed sober and stay the course? ..Or would you feel like crap and post here about how you had to reset your badge to zero days and then go back to drinking or using because what's the use in doing anything if you are just going to fail at it? ..So much of anxiety is the story we tell ourselves about what we are feeling and thinking. ..When I was having horrible anxiety attacks I found a book very helpful: https://www.amazon.com/Mindfulness-Acceptance-Workbook-Anxiety-Commitment/dp/1572244992 It really helps untangle the thoughts feelings and behaviors associated with anxiety. 
I am not drinking any alcohol however if I go to a restraunt and order a nice meal I dont worry about what is in the sauce etc I consider it part of my meal. I use mouthwash as its meant to be used I keep handsanitizer in my purse for gross moments when I cant wash my hands and I bake and use vanilla in muffins etc ..I just dont intentially pick up a drink of alcohol
