-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97mg4l/100_days_free_of_alcohol/

This is a tad lengthy and super personal. I wrote it out while reflecting on my 100 days of sobriety...I've always considered myself an "old-school" drinker. Constant drink in hand that gets emptied and replaced over and over and over all night immeasurable tolerance always friendly you wouldn't even be able to tell when im drunk or not (hell I feel like I cant even tell anymore) never black out (unless I drink whiskey) just never stop drinking until days after the technical first drink...That "old school" mentality was my reassurance that I didn't have a problem.....I had my first drink 6177 days ago...It was the first Saturday night after September 11 2001. Scotch and wine coolers. I was a freshman in high school and my uncle's boyfriend Leo kept sneaking drinks to me and my other 13 year old cousins because he thought it was funny getting all the kids drunk..I loved alcohol from my first sip. I was always trying to entertain. I loved to make people laugh and keep them on the edge of their seats with stories and singing. ...So getting fucked up was my bag and it actually fit into my little punk rocker lifestyle. Alcohol made me feel more confident funnier and just better than I believed I was. The best part of booze was that it could numb serious emotions and memories that I suffered with..I grew up with misdiagnosed PTSD stemming from an extreme sexual assault during my childhood. Alcohol and eventually cocaine became my booster and my numb-er....Fast forward through high school college my years teaching high school and bartending as its just one long blur with little glimpses of my life here and there: my drinking has affected every aspect of my life. I've come to think it's just normal to feel like hell every single day. ...My style of drinking has become this: wake up hungover and still drunk get ready as quickly as possible and race to work drone through my robotic interactions to get through my day puke start drinking buy cocaine get off work go to an allnight bar buy more cocaine drink drink drink drink until its days later and I have to be back at work and repeat for years....813 days ago I was raped by two gay men who were former friends. ...785 days ago I started writing down everything surrounding my rape. I knew I couldn't go to the police I couldnt tell my family my friends I couldnt tell anyone. I couldn't take another panic attack from having to see them in my bar (they were regulars and close friends of my bosses) .In my head my only chance at recovery was death and my only chance at revenge was suicide. I ate an 8th of mushrooms (it just seemed like the right thing to do) drank a handle of tequila and swallowed a bottle of pain killers. .I thought the best revenge I could possibly serve my rapists was to email everyone we knew and detail what T&amp;C did to me and kill myself on the day of their marriage..All I remember is seeing my moms face and thinking "my mother will never smile again" and the next thing I knew I was throwing up the contents of the entire world. Friends found me continued my charade that nothing was wrong....597 days ago I hit my rock bottom. It was Christmas eve all my sisters were in town and I had my drinking and drug habit in control a bit had been sober a few days and was planning on going to my parents house as soon as I got off work which would be earlier than usual for this particular night as we were closing early. .I remember thinking that since it was early I should stop at the bar on my way home to say "merry Christmas" to the guys. .It was a Christmas miracle ALL my friends were at the bar everyone had a bag on them everyone was playing pool and getting sloshed..Cue next late bar. Cue cocaine in car-ride. Cue More tequila....Next thing I know its close to 3 pm the next day and I am sitting in some girls bed doing coke off her nightstand. I had turned my phone off hours ago. .I was still in the time-frame in my head that it would be a reasonable excuse that I just accidentally fell asleep after work and slept in. .I finally realize what time it is take all the beer from the girls fridge and book it. On my way to the highway I swear I saw a car drive by me with all of my sisters in it...must be the drugs Im hallucinating bc I haven't slept in a bit. So much blonde hair in that car though...I am flying down the highway Christmas day no ones on the road and im not worried about cops so I am slamming these disgusting micr-brews to level out. .Finally get home sisters are just getting home as well. I high-tail it to a bathroom to finish my coke and wash my face. I look like shit.."The weirdest thing I swear I saw all you girls in the city just now..."."We went to your apartment because we were afraid you were dead.".I was silent. I couldn't look anyone in the face bc I would've just started bawling so I just left the room and passed out on the couch in the middle of Christmas dinner. .Sometimes our rock bottom is a single moment but other-times that moment can stretch indefinitely..Continue drinking and abusing drugs. Lose jobs lose apartment lose girl lose grasp on reality fast forward a few nights....125 days ago my drinking was more under control than it had ever been but I was just transferring that need for numbness onto another drug: **cocaine**...125 days ago I bought what I told myself would be the last bag of coke I would ever buy. Just needed it to make the drive to Detroit from Chicago after my shift to pick up my girlfriend so we could leave for our 3 week Florida getaway.  I would be free of alcohol and cocaine after our vacation. But first just a little bit to help me get goin/take the edge off/mellow out/get keyed up/whatever the excuse....120 days ago I bought a bottle of rum because I thought since I'm on vacation I can have a couple drinks. I mean I don't have an alcohol dependency i'll be fine.  Wound up with almost 3 ounces of mushrooms which I proceeded to eat with more liquor than I've ever consumed in my life over the following days. Completely lost any semblance of sanity and sobriety was a giant asshole treated my sweet loving caring giving incredible woman badly. I ruined our vacation....105 days ago I got back home to Illinois. Had no urge to drink still pretty wonky from eating so many mushrooms but I had something huge going for me: I went 25 days without cocaine. That was the first time I had gone more than a couple days in at least 3 years. I finally had the oomph to kick it! So right before getting home I stop by my old work to say whats up where i bump into an old dealer. .I get the itch as soon as we made eye contact. Reasoned with myself and reassured myself that I could do a bag of blow and not slide back. I buy a huge bag of some of the purest coke I have ever tasted. I could tell immediately it hadn't been stepped on was more pure than what I was used to (that past year Chicago coke was getting really dirty). ..Get really sick cant stop puking in an alley. Fuck it will just do more coke. .Fast forward to the next day:..Upon seeing me home finally my loving patient nothing short of incredible family completely took me by surprise and said they needed me to meet everyone in the dining room. They were having an intervention for me. I started crying in relief because I was finally being forced to say out loud everything that had happened. .I told my parents about everything.  Some of that shit was so hard to talk about but it had to be done. ..104 days ago I went to rehab...103 days ago I got kicked out of rehab...101 days ago I found the nearest bar knowing I had about 200 bucks. 2 Shots of rail tequila no lime please. 2 shots of rail tequila no lime please. 2 shots of rail tequila no lime please. 2 shots of rail tequila no lime please. 2 shots of rail tequila no lime please and thank you...Shot of rail tequila no lime please...I must've done 20 shots before I finally realized I couldn't get drunk. I was defeated and broken and had my friend come pick me and take me home...That was the last time I drank (and smoked a cigarette!).Today I am 100 days since my last drink..This is the longest I have ever gone without drinking (without considering the time between birth and my first drink.) I am happier healthier feeling stronger and more confident and am more on track pursuing my dreams than ever before.  .During this time I started going to see a therapist 3 times a week was put to work on a farm started working out and running everyday tackled my writers block and am working on projects again reconnected with dear friends and I even quit smoking cigarettes. .None of these are accomplishments they are just steps in the right direction that I finally took!...2 days ago I tried to convince myself that I can drink again that I can handle a single negroni or a coconut rum and soda with lime or a poloma or my favorite Cazadores Repesado with a single cube. Unfortunately it wouldn't only be one drink. .I did not drink I saw that the urge and the ability to delude myself are still there hiding and waiting for my moments of weakness....I want to thank this community and id like to say to anyone who is just starting out their journey it is not only doable but it is so worth it! You are a fabulous person who deserves happiness outside of a bar...And if anyone is struggling with cocaine or alcohol and needs someone to talk to please feel free to message me..Thanks for reading and IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

