-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97o68g/i_had_a_lapse_now_im_afraid_of_it_becoming_a_full/

After leaving inpatient rehab I felt like I had some comfort in a routine for the first time in my life. This took a long time for me I guess due to my ADHD and struggles with eating disorders every day has always felt like some kind of chaos.  ..After leaving the hospital I spent a month going to outpatient every day. Then I returned to work and because of that I couldn't go to outpatient every day anymore. The cravings began but I was OK with that and had expected it because it was usual for me to feel cravings after a day of work. My support AA and outpatient clinic are only once a week now but were both closed due to holiday last week...My eating disorder began feeling more out of control and suddenly I questioned whether my medication is really going me any good (a common delusion I get). So I stopped my medication. I had some twisted delusion that if I kept relying on it it would lose effectiveness even more and that I 'need' to take breaks from it. I had an uncomfortable thought in my mind that what Im doing isnt smart but as always my delusion that I know what Im doing won...I had just gotten used to being back at work and we get several days of holiday My daily routine feels ruined I feel out of control (thinking eating impulsive behavior anxiety)... and I go for the alcohol. I had no delusions that it would be "OK" I knew I wouldnt be OK. It was awful I didnt like the taste or the feeling. Was determined to never do that again. 2 days later it happened again. I prayed and meditated and spoke to my sponsor and filled my schedule with enjoyable things. But now 3 days have passed and here I am yet again.   ...I dont want to keep doing this I gave up so much to get inpatient treatment this year I am now broke and demoted to the lowest position at work but I was OK with that because of recovery! I even moved to live somewhere a bit further from shops so that thered be more time between an impulsive thought and reaching the store. I thought about relapse prevention methods every day Now Im scared. I dont even enjoy alcohol I want it out of my life... why is it so hard...I know its as simple as not taking the first drink. But FUCK theres something very wrong with my brain to have crazy delusions sometimes. 
----------immediate responses--------

Whenever you get the cravings acknowledge them. Wait 5 minutes. Wait 5 more minutes if you need to just "procrastinate" drinking (without actually doing it of course!). ..It's hard but you don't need to be hard on yourself. When you find your mind moving too fast try to force yourself to slow down. It's not gonna be easy at first but it will get there. You can do this!
Sometimes it's hard to get started on stopping drinking.  Rather than a relapse is it helpful to think about a bumpy take - off into recovery?  The key for me was to never give up and never say "f- it."  Best wishes powering through the inevitable hard parts.
I'm sorry you are struggling with this beginning.  Congratulations on going through treatment and outpatient.  I'm sure you learned a lot of new skills and tools you can practice now.  ..You mentioned you attended AA.  Are you going frequently now?  It's ok to do AA alcoholically in the beginning. One hint for getting started is  Go to meetings and don't drink between meetings.   ..After I left outpatient sometimes I went to 3 meetings in a day.  I'm very fortunate to live in an area with strong fellowship and lots of meetings and have support of my family...If i find myself at home restless irritable and discontent I start calling my AA contacts that I've met at meetings or get out my big book and start reading...I don't know if I've done more work than I needed to but I do know I've done enough to be sober today...
