-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97q2gk/feeling_tired/

Today is day 10 of being sober.  Today and yesterday I have been feeling very tired and weak even though I have been sleeping  well.  I wonder if I'm sick or if this is an effect from not having alcohol.  Anyone experience similarities in early sobriety?  By the way this reddit community is a god send.  Going to AA meetings is too inconvenient with my schedule of working 2 jobs and raising 2 young children.  Reading everyone's stories really helps me to remain focused.  I feel inspired and moved by the support that people have for other strangers going through the struggles of addiction.  Thanks everyone for sharing.
----------immediate responses--------

I was very tired for about two weeks when I quit.  You also have two jobs and two young children so I would imagine that also contributes  to your fatigue.  You are doing very well good to you and best of luck.  IWNDWYT!
Today is my Day 5 and I'm getting about 8 hours of sleep a night but still exhausted! I think it's just our bodies trying to fix the damage we've done? Not sure though that's just what I tell myself.  And you also have two kids so you probably have a lot more reason to be tired than I do.  
Same here. I was so tired. Your body is doing a lot of healing now. Rest when you need to. 
Congratulations for starting your journey of recovery.  I was tired for several months but now that I'm sober other health issues that cause fatigue were diagnosed...I'm sorry you are finding in person AA inconvenient. There are online and phone conference meetings available.  The book Alcoholics Anonymous is available to read online or stream at https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/read-the-big-book-and-twelve-steps-and-twelve-traditions..I listened to the big book several times in my first year while doing chores and driving for errands.  There are lots of tools available. Use as many as you need.  Best to you.
Day 11 here and feel like I could sleep all day every day.  Cant wait for this to end because I'm typing this in bed at 6:11 and still have me and 3 kids to get ready and out of the house in 20 mins for work/day care. IWNDWYT  
