-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97qio6/made_it_20_days_relapsed/

Made it twenty straight days. 20 days to give my antidepressants a chance to work. 20 days of feeling proud more confident and definetly more emotionally stable. I was being a better family man. I was doing more chores. I even was looking forward to seeing people and being active... which can be a rare occurrence for me. Anyways didn't drink very much. Not really hurting today from hangover except an upset stomach. Pride hurts a bit. Anyways I will learn from my mistake. The 20 days felt good. I want that feeling back. One day of slip ups can't erase almost a month of progress right? Anyways IWNDWYT. I'll check back in after at least 21 + days. Thanks for reading
----------immediate responses--------

One lost  fight dosent loose the battle.20 days are a huge achievement.Stay strong and we will get there together hopefully. IWNDWYT xxx
[removed]
It happens! It's what you do after that counts. Don't give up!
If you're into numbers 1/20 is 5%. ..Depending on how you look at it someone shooting free throws in basketball going 1/20 is horrible.   .baseball on base 1/20 is horrible..football 2nd down conversions fieldgoals etc 1/20 is horrible  ...These people are all at risk of being benched traded or outright cut--contracts non-withstanding.   ...Now if you look at it for days drinking..1/20 is a pretty big feat for someone who may have drank everyday. its a huge feat for someone who got drunk everyday its a momentous feat for someone who got trashed everyday.   ...  .You should check in more often. One of the most successful things to do in sobriety is to be of service. Sometimes giving someone a thumbs up or just being there for someone is all it takes for the day. Other times being completely selfish and using examples of others fucking up is all it takes for the day (I know this sounds horrible). The point is sobriety and abstinence isn't a houseplant you can water 2 days a month and have thrive. It takes work--if it was easy NO ONE WOULD DRINK OR RELAPSE. 
Recovery is a process. Sometimes we take three steps forward and one step back. But we're going in the right direction. Now you have the perspective of 20 days of hard-earned sobriety in your toolbox. No relapse can take that from you! It's yours forever. I'm happy to be not drinking with you today! 
