-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97s3kc/one_very_very_long_week/

Made it a week yay! Been struggling the last couple days so i thought I'd take a minute to remind myself what brought me here.  Outside of the obvious deterioration of health which should have been a enough of a wake up call there were numerous terrible events i caused.  They are in the order they happened first being the oldest nine years ago to the last being a week ago when i quit.  Nine years ago after drinking a bunch of vodka not sure how much because i don't remember this night i decided i was capable of driving to go buy a bag of grass i was not.  I crashed my car at a high rate of speed into a tree broke my back and now have metal parts and chronic pain for the rest of my life.  The only good that came from that night is I was lucky enough not to hurt anyone else.  While this horrible thing I've done should have set me straight it did not shortly after i recovered from my injuries i was chugging beers again have never drove drunk again so at least i learned one thing from it.  Over the next couple years my habit picked up to drinking fairly heavy every or almost every night but i managed to stop myself from fucking things up too bad.  Which brings me to event 2 four or five months ago the gf and I had over a friend and her bf both of who i normally get along with great.  This night i got blackout drunk and almost got in a fight with the dude over something i don't remember and no one has been able to explain to me beyond i was being a major asshole.  After that night I cut way back for a bit couple beers a night a six pack or two on the weekend and that worked for a bit. Until about three months ago when incident 3 happened.  I once again way over drank and was blacked out and loud and annoying so the gf went to bed and left me trying to play ps4.  What I'm told is about a hour later i come to on the kitchen floor face down under our counter with my gf trying to pull me out from under it..  She heard a loud crash and came to find me like that she says when she turned me over to pull me out a let out a huuge gasp like i hadn't been breathing.  Next morning i had a big egg above my eye a bruised nose and a hurt ego.  I learned nothing from this which brings me to disaster 4 a week ago today.  There was a thunderstorm and we lost power rain passes lights still out getting hungry time for a bbq so we cook up some chicken while i'm chugging beers.  Chicken is done so we head inside light some candles sit down for a nice dinner when i get a text from the power company.  Text says power now back on in your area if not call this number.  At this point i'm blacked out or semi i sort of remember this after being told the next morning.  Our power is not back on I call the number get a robot proceed to yell at the robot for about 45 minutes gf is pleading with me to stop just have dinner with her shes crying she goes to bed all while i am arguing with a recording.  That's what brought me here there are countless other blackouts day long hangovers puking at work missing work but it was that last night that i realized i had to stop.  sorry for the wall of text it came out longer than i expected and i suck at formatting.  hi my name is greendumb and i'm an alcoholic and iwndwyt           
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats!
Hi!  Welcome.  This looks like a great post to save and reflect on in the future.  ..Alcohol makes us into sometimes frightening sometimes pathetic people.  We're infinitely better with it...IWDWYT.
We are badge buddies.  Life will get better but we gotta stop drinking...IWNDWYT
Welcome! IWNDWYT!
Stay strong it's a great feeling once you get past the first couple weeks.
I yell at the phone robots too...sober. Hope you can join me doing it sober too. :)
