-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97sw2u/moderation_and_thought_for_today/

Since getting sober I try to be aware of what the Universe is trying to tell me.  I hear messages from people I talk to and I see things written when I have eyes to see.  A common trend to me lately has been that of moderation and how miserably it has failed those who identify as an alcoholic of the hopeless variety.  ..I don't know why it has been a common thread in my consciousness lately.  Maybe my mind is starting to wander; maybe the insidious idea is starting to creep back that maybe just maybe I haven't exhausted every conceivable way to achieve normalcy in drinking.  Whatever the case may be I need to be aware that the message is there in the front of my consciousness taunting to me to question the answer I know to be true but still sometimes find hard to accept - I am truly an alcoholic; is my life truly unmanageable?..I know this to be true but the ego is a fantastic and terrifying mechanism that can bring mischief pain and misery when let to run unrestrained.  So here is my accountability: I am an alcoholic and will not drink with you today.  I am not struggling in this statement but my mind has been starting to wane.  I'm reminded of this quote and am truly grateful this is where I am at today:      .."I would rather go through life sober believing I am an alcoholic than go through life drunk trying to convince myself that I am not."
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing this. 
I needed this today. That quote really resonates. Thanks and IWNDWYTD!
I love that quote.  I have quit many times just to return because of the same voices that convince me that my life was manageable when drinking.  That same voice told me I was not an alcoholic but simply a problem drinker that could reset after some time off.  Nope.  It is the same result every time which is a slow slide back into unhappiness.  
I found reading The Naked Mind a suggestion I picked up off this sub to be very affirming. I hear about those who can moderate I'm not one of them. More importantly I don't want to invest my time and energy trying to moderate something that on balance doesn't do any good for me. Stay strong!  IWNDWYT
That's the third or fourth time that book has come up this week so it's time to hop on Amazon. Thank you!
It's amazing how the universe always delivers exactly what you need and today it was your post. So heartfelt thank you. IWNDWYT 
I found it very helpful to use a mindful meditation practice of separating myself from [The Voice](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/7tkztb/what_are_some_of_the_sneaky_arguments_the_voice/). By simply observing those sneaky thoughts and not accepting them as a part of me but as a part of the addiction itself it made it much easier to keep focused on the path. Some folks here even give their Voice a name.   .   .Great post!
Thanks for this post. Love the quote. So helpful to read such posts and recognize again how insidious that voice is
Yes indeedy!  I too am an alcoholic and happily join you in not drinking today.
I sobered up once before. I was a crazy blackout drunk at the time...A few years back I decided that I was full of it and could moderately drink. Moderately drinking turned into having a beer in my hands during all non-working non-sleeping hours for any and all reasons. I was no longer blacking out but still suffering. ..Thanks for posting love the quote and IWNDWYT. 
Moderation is on my mind today as well. Not to preach about Annie Grace (NAKED.MIND author) but she does have a good way of putting things like  Moderation is a moody bitch that doesn't deserve my time or effort.   Moderation for me requires more obsessional thinking about alcohol than does abstinence or even free-wheeling drinking. ..The other thing is moderation pretends to be a factor of will power.  I'll just have two drinks.  But alcohol chemically effects cognitive and rational thinking abilities immediately. The way I see it it's chemically impossible for me to utilize will power to achieve moderation. ..If I say l'll just have two slices of pizza that's my real will power coming into play. 
And yet again the most baffling cunning seemingly complex opponent can be defeated by the words "I will not drink today" and subsequent follow through.  
Thank you for sharing this; it's helpful to me because I've had some similar thoughts rattling around in my head but not as clear and coherent as yours. :) I tried moderation too and failed. If alcoholics come in varieties then I guess I'm the binge-drinking variety. I wouldn't set out to get drunk enough to feel sick but no matter how many times I'd start the night thinking "just 2 mixed drinks or glasses of wine" I'd wake up the next morning sick and full of shame.  The ability to self-regulate gets overpowered by the alcohol and while I can drink 1-2 beers without going overboard it's just easier for me right now to cut it out completely. I really like that quote you included; it really speaks to me right now.
I wish to thank you for this post as well. I am not big on labels but need to remind myself that the answer to the question of whether consuming alcohol makes my life better is definitively "No." 
Moderation just doesn't seem possible for me as I am a binge drinker. Would I need it everyday? No. But you can bet I'd be looking more and more forward to the next time I could drink. And I'd go in full well knowing I was not just going to have two drinks. The way I look at it it's easier to just be completely sober than obsessing over every drink. With that being said IWNDWYT     
 "I would rather go through life sober believing I am an alcoholic than go through life drunk trying to convince myself that I am not." ..I'll drink to that!  ;)  kidding... but I do like this.
I have been moderating for many years. I have had years when 10 months one shot was all I had the whole day and then one day one shot was not enough.  Now before I have recently relapsed I had 7 months were the first 3 months  I  did not drink at all the next 4 months I had one shot each day and eventually I elected to drink more and for 2 days drank about 36 ounces of liquor total.  It is not clear for me if I can moderate or not. But I have had a revelation. Now I know that alcohol is just a poison. Why I would consume a poison?  I do not want to get a cancer by lowering my immune system.  I have stopped thinking about alcoholism moderation and the benefits of alcohol.  I now know that is just stupid to consume alcohol since it undermines the health leads to stupid acts including duis is a waste of time and money. 
Man this post just nailed it for me today...Managing your drinking without abstaining is like free falling without a parachute...You can slow your fall by twisting and turning but your still falling too fast to survive the landing...
Bingo. Great quote. 
Thank you I needed this today. I will not drink with you today. 
Uplifting post friend.  Thank you  
I am a hopeless alcoholic that has tried every conceivable way to moderate - even making up bullshit little rules for drinking! All of them have been torture and all have failed! I can\`t drink - period!
