-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97uj6u/the_struggle_of_the_alcoholic_is_coming_to_terms/

Does this capture your experience or is your struggle something different?
----------immediate responses--------

Do I love it or was I just addicted to it?
An interesting thought ... few things it is true have ever excited me more than my finding a bottle I had hidden and then found.  Twas like the Holy Grail! A twisted relationship to be sure..... I was likely abusing Alcohol by my later 20's so 30 plus years of varying degrees of troubles with the damn stuff...  but that was then and this is now.. enjoy your day. Iwndwyt 
I'm a little sad because I loved craft beer. I am a super beer snob...However as pointed out in This Naked Mind I didn't actually enjoy the taste of beer at all first. Eventually I did but that was probably because the alcohol hooked me not because I actually liked the taste. And the proof is that every new style I tried I never liked at first if I'm being honest. So I kind of forced myself...That's why it's easier for me to take it one day at a time. Maybe someday I'll drink again. But not today.
I'm not sure what the problem is with me.  I just know it is a problem.  I think I was just addicted to alcohol.  I mean if it was anything that didn't contain alcohol I didn't obsessively drink mass amounts of it because I liked the process.  I was just trying to satisfy the craving.  I use to think (and still do some what) that I loved social elements of drinking.  But really if I cut out beer and just have a coke and do the same thing what is lost in the experience?  Nothing except now I am in control of the situation and it doesn't cost me a fortune.
To be honest I didn't drink because of the taste I drank because of effect! It was my coping tool with daily stress. Alcoholic in my head was imature shy scarred lonely kid who used alcohol to get stronger loved and accepted. However that kid realized that alcohol doesn't work for him anymore. Now the struggle is to learn to deal with same things without 'magic potion'. 
I really miss good wine particularly going for a fancy meal and having wine pairing . It is tough to say goodbye but worth it given where I was headed otherwise. IWNDWYT 
Sorta.  I let alcohol abuse the hell out of me but if one man had lifted a finger toward me I'd have fought back well.  But with alcohol.  I ask for more punches.
It started out as love- good beer or nice wine but eventually became just about the effect. In the end all I wanted was the comfort of oblivion. 
Oh absolutely. My best friend and worst enemy. Like an abusive relationship I keep running back to wanting things to be different
