-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97vxor/i_realized_i_can_only_go_7_days_without_drinking/

I'm so gross and I turn into a messy person who calls people when in drunk. And I hate myself in the morning. I bought strong IPA after stressful day at work Tuesday and chugged all of them. I blacked out and woke up and literally bought more beer because I was off and I didn't know what to do with myself all day. I just hate being sober because I wanna feel something. Idk what to do. I tried going to AA but I personally feel I'm not strong enough anymore. Help me 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt; I realized i ~~can~~ **did** ~~only~~ go 7 days without drinking. ..One slight adjustment ;-).  7 days is awesome.  I think it's a great start.  One thing that got me down was focusing on how I failed rather than how I succeeded.  ..For me 'quitting forever' was scary as hell.  I only do one day I put off quitting until tomorrow and just tell myself today I'm not drinking.  I worry about tomorrow tomorrow...&gt; I just hate being sober because I wanna feel something...Whenever I wrote statements like that it was important that I take a lesson from them.  In that case that I was bored without drinking.  That was big for me too.  Drinking was my only hobby.  So I had to tackle that first and find something anything else that excited me...Great job on not letting this turn into something worse and not giving up.  IWNDWYT!
I'm not going to say it is going to be easy or you'll be okay. ..Really if you want to stop drinking just stop.  Do it for yourself nobody else.  Just take it one day at at time.  Then do it again and again.  Just don't drink today.  Do something you really enjoy pamper yourself.  Eat your favourite junk food.  Watch your favourite movie.  Do something to take your mind off of it. 
I couldn't stop either. I needed separation from alcohol and accountability. I was just so deep into it. ..I did intensive outpatient rehab which was covered by my insurance. I also started AA during that time and sometimes went to two meetings a day to occupy my time and help reset my head. Both of those things gave me separation from alcohol that I desperately needed without going into an inpatient rehab. ..Some of us need a little extra help and that's ok. I'm one of those people who needed constant reinforcement to not drink in my first 90 days. I've been over the other side of the 90 day hill for a while now but I know what's it's like to be in your position. It's ok to reach out for additional help if you need it. I know it's the reason why I'm sober and here alive on earth today. 
Early sobriety can be a bit like a video game where you sometimes have to repeat the same level a few times before you get the hang of it and move on to the next bit!..There are other support groups besides AA e.g SMART Recovery Refuge Recovery etc... try a few different meetings until you find one which clicks.....There are also medical options that can help get you through the initial stages - lots of discussion about these at r/Alcoholism_Medication that you could look at then discuss it with your doctor.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..If whatever you've tried so far hasn't quite done the trick try something different and keep trying!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;..
&gt; I personally feel I'm not strong enough anymore. Help me..You're on the right track. That's why you need to get back to AA. Try 90 meetings in 90 days. ..&gt; I realized i can only go 7 days without drinking...I realized i can only go 7 days alone without drinking..FTFY
I got sober in AA...A lot of people come in and out before they get the message...I would suggest going to meetings and building up a network.  If you have someone you can call when the urges come they can help you fight them.  We are stronger together than on our own...Good luck.
Do you relapse for just one day?  If so you need to pat yourself on the back.  Look at all the days you have sober.  Even if you drank one day a week that's only 52 days out of the whole year.  Not much over a month.  To me that is a real accomplishment.  If you are not happy with it.  Try to push it to ten days then it would only be a few days over a month per year.  Focus on your achievement not your failure.  
