-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/97z89p/just_kinda_having_a_weird_moment/

I found out a band I love is playing in my area. Then I found out they will be playing in a bar. These guys never come to my part of the country. They're a super indy band that most folks have never heard of...unless they're part of my fandom. Finding out they were going to be playing in a bar kicked off a weird series of thoughts. ..My first instinct was to rationalize. The show is in five months. By then I'll have nine months sober. It's an all ages show. I'll be there with two friends who don't drink. ..Then I kept thinking. First it's a fucking bar. I don't have any business being in a bar. What if just going there leads to complacency? What if I can't withstand the temptation? Other friends will be there who do drink. Would I be able to say no? It's also four hours away from my house. So it's not like I could just bounce and go home if the struggle was too much. ..I found myself craving a drink today. At the root I know it was self sabotage. If I just quit not drinking now then this becomes a non issue later. But there's people rooting for me. People I look up to are cheering me on. People who look up to me are so happy for my success. ..I'm not willing to cave. Not now. Not ever. The struggle is fucking real though.
----------immediate responses--------

At six months sober I turned 30. My twin sister was planning a big birthday party that happened to be in a bar. I went back and forth for a long time about it. Ultimately I attended my own party and it was great. The really important thing was talking about it with a lot of people in recovery and making a plan so whatever I chose to do I had advice and support of people all over the place...I firmly believe that we can go anywhere and do anything in sobriety. Checking my motives putting a support system in place and being honest with others and with myself are all tools i've learned since I quit drinking. You're absolutely right the struggle is fucking real. But it's amazing that we don't have to go through anything alone anymore. 
Honestly I would go! You have months and months to prepare and visualize yourself turning down drinks and having a great time.
I had a similar situation but it was a day music festival which usually involved pints of larger all day. But I went and wasn't fazed by it at all because deep down I don't want to drink. What surprised me was once I was there I didn't think about drinking that much at all. I think you may regret it more if you don't go. Maybe have s practice run first more locally to see how you feel. Good luck  
I personally would go... if they are any good at all I would be listening not drinking. 
[removed]
