-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/982jrt/18_days_and_counting/

Three weeks ago I was arrested for driving whilst intoxicated. It was around midnight and I'd had two bottles of wine and was well into my third. I was hungry and had no food in the house so decided to get in my car and drive to get food nearby. Halfway there I realised how fucking stupid I was being and started to head home. Everything was fine until I failed to exit a roundabout correctly mounted a curb and drove my car into some railings....I can't remember any of it. I have a vague memory of the initial impact then being in an ambulance speaking to the police being told I was being arrested and sobbing in the police car. The next day I found out I'd hit some railings and flipped my car onto its roof. There was a witness who immediately came over to the car and apparently helped me out. No one else was involved and despite the entire drivers side window being out the only injury I had was a small cut on my finger. ...I ended up calling my dad from the police station around 3am to tell him what had happened. What I'd done. Seeing him and my mother the next day was heartbreaking just thinking about it makes me feel hollow. The tears the shouting. ...The thing is this wasn't the first time I'd driven whilst under the influence. And whilst totalling my car hurting my friends and family and hitting rock bottom have been indescribably difficult I'm oddly glad it happened the way it did. I've struggled with alcohol for a while now. It wasn't uncommon for me to have two or three bottles of wine on a work night and then rock up to work late the next morning or say  I'm working from home today!  This combined with depression felt like an endless spiral of hopelessness. The crash and DUI needed to happen for me to realise I have a drinking problem and that now is my time to quit. If it hadn't have happened that time around who knows what could have happened the next time I got in that car drunk. I'm lucky to be alive completely unscathed and lucky that no one else was involved. ...Things have gotten better since the incident. My parents friends and boyfriend are being incredibly supportive in helping me work past this along with all of the legal stuff and supporting my sobriety. My mental health is improving too. I'm much happier and have way more energy. I'm thankful that someone or something out there has given me a second chance to get my ass into gear and become a healthier and happier person. ...Thank you for reading this and I will not drink with you today. .
----------immediate responses--------

