-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/983fn5/cant_live_with_aa_cant_live_without_it/

I decided to quit drinking when I realized that I couldn't live with alcohol anymore but I also couldn't live without it. I've been doing everything I can to pursue recovery including going to AA and NA meetings. I'm an atheist and I haven't had anyone give me a hard time or tell me that I need to believe in a higher power or God or anything. But I'm getting sick of people constantly talking about how their higher power is they only way they could stay sober. It especially bothers me when they refer to their higher power as a "Him" and how a "relationship" with him is the path to sobriety. I can't take it anymore. But I'm also convinced that I need the support of a sobriety-focused community IRL to be successful at recovery long-term. I tried a "Secular AA" meeting and it was ok but it was literally only three people including me. Maybe I'll check out SMART if I can find a meeting near me. I don't want to relapse because I get careless or apathetic about my recovery and alcohol is so ubiquitous. What kinds of sober support have you found outside of AA?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I would try SMART. I quit AA for many reasons but that was one. I'm in the bible belt and they believed it was a Sponsors jobs to lead a sponse to God through the steps and they were a magical device of divine intervention to cure the obsession and desire to drink. I dont go to AA or a support program and I'm not worried I'm going to drink. But that's just me. Some people need it. Its statistical proven that if you go to a program (ANY program) your chances of staying sober double. So if you wanna play the statistics game... idk it's about how comfortable you feel I think. I got to a place where I just said fuck this noise. 
[removed]
Seems like a decent plan. I have always been an AA guy but I am pretty good at having selective listening and have always been able to tune out the big book thumper's who tend to go off on the high power rants. I don't have a good solution maybe Smart will work for you.
This and the other responders is why many people leave AA. I personally had an issue doing the steps. My sponsor tried to quit and I pulled out the sponsorship pamphlet and pointed to the section that said the primary job of a sponsor is to help another alcoholic stay sober. (I don't remember the exact quote). ..I also don't believe in religion or God as a higher power per se and had a similar issue as you. I finally realized that it doesn't actually matter. I went to meetings to hear other people's tragedies and triumphs and to share my own. I don't give a shit if somebody saw Jesus through a burning bush in the Sonoma fires and got sober. I only care that they got sober and that thought helps me stay sober. ..Sometimes being different is fun and entertaining. I do highly suggest to continue going to meetings. 
I'm sorry you are in a rough spot.  I'm an atheist I don't begrudge other members' understandings  of a power greater than ourselves   My understanding is I'm a finite subset of the infinite universe. I only have power over my actions and my attitudes.  I can either be self seeking or seek outside of myself for help or to be of service.  My  relationship  is more like an orientation latitude longitude and scale right now.  The stories  tightrope  and  vicious cycle  were helpful in my developing understanding.  Take care.
I'd really recommend SMART groups. There's no higher power stuff in it.
I found an understanding sponsor. These steps without the god-stuff are what I use. ..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head...Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers so I'll ask for help...Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given...Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life...Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others...Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life...Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal...Step 8: List everyone I have hurt...Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm...Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors...Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people...Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me....
Refuge Recovery is a Buddhist-based program that focuses on mindfulness and meditation. It's for addicts of all kinds...
SMART also has online meetings if that's something you'd enjoy. They also have a lot of information on their website like reading lists homework/worksheets to do and articles that might be helpful. Refuge Recovery is Buddhist and they have some resources on their website too. ..I haven't done any meetings I haven't really felt compelled to and although some posts on here have made me a little more interested in checking them out I don't think I'm likely to head to a meeting any time soon. ..I've been doing a lot of self work in my sobriety and recovery and before I quit drinking as well. I started therapy a few months ago which is great if that's an option for you. Mostly though I've been reading as much as I can. I've just been following where my interests take me from books on happiness and fulfillment Buddhist teachings books on meditation books on nutrition with a focus on relieving anxiety and alleviating depression through diet books on understanding relationships and family systems attachment theory books on trauma and now I'm heading into books on addiction and recovery. ..Even though I'm not going to meetings and necessarily interacting with other people who have struggled with addiction I'm spending time immersing myself into the recovery world through reading. 
no need to get all upset about the higher power thing. the only requirement is a desire to quit drinking. If anyone is forcing religion on you at meetings find a different meetings. I stopped going to AA because of the AA'ers I couldn't handle their attitudes. Thats just me.
The baseless complaints of AA always have to do with: God higher power him her Lord's prayer athiest agnostic meditation blah blah blah....Either you want to get sober or not.  Totally doesn't matter to me but if you want what we have then STFU and go into a meeting with an open mind.  If it's not right for you then look elsewhere for help.
I hear you. I'm an atheist as well and also struggled greatly with AA. Like you I found the social support helpful but the philosophy a genuine negative. My solution was SMART Recovery. There weren't any meetings in my area for a long time so I got involved online. Eventually I started a meeting in my area. People came and now there are three meetings in my area. It does take some work to start a SMART meeting but the outcome was worth it.
My experience as an atheist in AA was very similar to yours until I examined my beliefs and realized that I actually carried quite a lot of prejudice against religious people. By working on this in step 4 I'm now much more comfortable around people when they talk about their higher power.  I don't believe in God but that doesn't mean I'm smarter or better than someone who does. I have my beliefs they have theirs. That wasn't how I felt before. It still bothers me a little bit now and then but I now know that the problem is not how they are acting but rather how I am responding to how they are acting. I have power over how I choose to respond to situations. You didn't mention anything in your post about the steps. Have you tried that? ..As other alternatives I've heard great things about Refuge Recovery but have yet to check out a meeting myself. 
I live in an area where atheism is the largest demographic. A lot of people in AA here use  Group of Drunks  (the AA fellowship) as their higher power. I also find it comforting that the steps work regardless of how we feel about them it's about putting in the action rather than subscribing to any beliefs.
