-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/985z8j/drank_last_night/

I ended up drinking last night I had eight days at that point. I'm annoyed with myself as becoming increasingly clear that there's not really much left in it for me anymore. Drinking doesn't give me the high it once used to it barely dampens my anxiety and I still find myself restless and unable to concentrate. Although I've always been a once or twice a week binge drinker my tolerance has grown quite high but I only ever feel drunk and dulled when I drink now instead of the energy and euphoria I used to experience. My tolerance has grown high enough that I almost never buy a night's alcohol in one place I usually split it between two or increasingly just buy a bottle of spirits.    ..Despite the fact that I was on day nine yesterday I was really struggling with anxiety and insomnia. It seems odd to me that this should last so long seen as I'm much more of an infrequent binge drinker than a daily drinker. I felt restless and anxious and I struggled to concentrate on anything. I felt too wired to even consider sleeping and I was convinced that the only thing that could make my evening pleasurable was alcohol despite the fact that I know that most of the pleasure has gone from it now.    ..Anyway the one good thing is that my sober periods seem to be getting longer it used to be rare for me to put together an entire week yet I've done three (non consecutive) sober weeks in the past six weeks or so. I've been immersing myself in sobriety books blogs and podcasts and I'm coming to realize that most people don't quit all at once they put together longer and longer sober streaks until eventually one of many attempts sticks. So I'm going to remain hopeful and keep reading everything I can exercising meditating and avoiding boozy places. Maybe I'll drink again maybe I won't but if I keep at this sooner or later I will succeed. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

What you said in the last paragraph finally clicked for me. I often get very down on myself for losing a sober streak- which sends me further down a spiral. But as you put it- it's a process and as long as we are trending in the right direction one day it will click. I guess I shouldn't put so much pressure on myself I end up failing. Thank you for this post!
You are making progress that is good.  I had a lot of 1-2 week runs there for a while too...When it comes to how you should feel on day 9 I like to take a longer view.  Like take the total amount of time you drank and expect to need at least a tenth of that to recover.  For me that is 20 years of drinking so 2 years to recover.  It is a completely non-scientific thing I made up but it emphasizes how long I spent hunting myself versus wanting to be healed of all that in 30 days. 
You can do this! Check in here every day :)..IWNDWYT
Sounds like you need more support...After reading *Under the Influence* by Ketchum and Milam I was able to accept my alcoholism. Therefore alcohol was NEVER an option. Period...I needed help building a sober happy life. A therapist nudged me onto the road to recovery. AA involvement showed me that recovery was possible. 
Welcome back!..I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..'Alcohol Explained' in particular does a good job of explaining *why* you are getting the various physiological effects that you describe from alcohol... ..If you've not seen them already they are a good addition to your reading list!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
