-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/988kfu/i_think_caffeine_is_triggering_my_relapses/

Before I even had a sip of alcohol in my younger days I would only drink caffeine occasionally.  I would have a cup of coffee once a week TOPS.  There were times when I would be sleep deprived and would have several cups or an energy drink and would have an AWFUL mood swing later on in the evening... suicidal thoughts extreme depression.  ...I had been sober for over a month yesterday.  I woke up in an amazing mood walked to a local store and got a "nitro brewed coffee".  I didn't read the ingredients... but it contained 330 MG of caffeine which is a shit ton.  I drank it over the course of a few hours.  I initially felt an increase in mood was extremely productive cleaned my entire house... then I felt an overwhelming level of paranoia restlessness and anxiety.  And I straight up RELAPSED hard!  Started off with two 16 oz 9.5 percent beers.... a few hours later got a third.  Then I got a 24 oz of 8.1 percent malt liquor.  ...This morning I woke up extremely hungover.  In my days of heavy drinking I would consume more caffeine in the morning to compensate for my lack of energy and poor sleep.  This morning I didn't do that.  I skipped caffeine today.  I felt physically ill but I didn't experience as much anxiety and paranoia as I usually do when hungover.  ...I'm now realizing... what if caffeine is to blame for a large amount of my drinking problem?  Why did it take me so long to come to this conclusion?  What if all this time I have been using alcohol to counter the negative effects of caffeine?  ...I didn't drink tonight had no cravings or anything... going to cut caffeine completely and see if this is what's been causing so much of my anxiety and alcohol cravings.
----------immediate responses--------

That is an interesting thing to think about. It makes sense - you were sending your body into overdrive with the caffeine and so it would desperately try to come down with the alcohol. ..you still have that month of not drinking it didn't disappear because you drank 1 day. Now you have more information and can move forward with that. ..Congrats on one month plus another day tomorrow! 
YES! None of my friends have the same issue. Sorry to hear that you have those negative effects...My previous liquid diet of coffee espresso and alcohol made me an unstable POS. ..I recently went back to caffeine and noticed the general malaise depression and suicidal thoughts.  So yeah. No more caffeine for me...IWNDWYT..
Yes caffeine is just about the worst thing for me when it comes to anxiety and wanting alcohol. Not to mention if I don't eat something before or with it I get a really annoyed feeling about 2 hours later where the smallest things set me off. Not good for me. 
Interesting to read people's thoughts about caffeine and the links with mood swings depression and anxiety. I'm going to try and get coffee consumption down to 1 a day after reading this.
Found this:..https://twodreams.com/dream-journal/266-six-reasons-to-quit-caffeine-during-drug-addiction-recovery..Scroll down to #4
That sounds familiar!..It's very easy to forget that caffeine is a fairly powerful stimulant (especially in large doses) with a surprisingly long half-life.....It can also cause big dopamine spikes like alcohol and other drugs of abuse which is wise to try to eliminate as a recovering addict.....I've stopped drinking coffee altogether and am down to just a couple of large mugs of tea a day (well I am British) and my days are much less uppy-downy than when I was starting them with a family-sized cafitiere of strong filter coffee all to myself......See also r/decaf!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I'm also 3 months off caffeine and it's been a roller coaster but finally having more sustained energy than ever. I remind myself that caffeine is only stealing energy from my future self it's not creating anything new.
I drink 1-2 cups of coffee every day and will go to a coffeeshop as well on a Friday or Saturday night if I wish to get out of the apartment. Coffee has never come close to triggering a craving - quite the opposite. I associate coffee tea and seltzer water with sobriety. That is my experience though.
For me.. caffeine always led to relapse... if I wake up and I don't drink caffeine... I wouldn't drink that day... If I got up and had caffeine it didn't always lead to drinking.... but every single time I relapsed (hundreds of times) was on a day that I had caffeine.. The only way for me to stay sober and keep sober is to not use caffeine. 
I've heard these warnings a lot so I'm not surprised to hear your struggles with caffeine. To be honest though caffeine hasn't had that effect on me. I drink a moderate amount each day often with butter and cream as I have also adopted the keto diet (keto helped immensely for me when quitting alcohol btw). Making my morning cup has become a ritual for me where I contemplate last night's events and plan out my day. Maybe the combination of keto and caffeine keeps the relapse triggering affects from hitting me. Or perhaps I'm just different. No two of us are the same. That said if caffeine is contributing to your relapses even if you only think it is it's best to cut it out for now to be safe.
