-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/989ip6/29_days_really_struggling_right_now/

I hope this is the huge hill to defeat.. That it'll be better after this major hurdle. Headaches.. Agitated.. Tired.. I just need to get through the evening until the kids go to bed then ill do the same and hide away in the world of reddit...Trying...IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Step by step one day one hourbone minute at a time. You'll get through it for the better.
You can make it!  Do they need extra stories cookies baked or laundry done?  Keeping busy kept me.. busy during the toughest moments.  There's nothing like taking your mind off something to distract you.  
around 30 days was rough for me. There will be hard days along the way but things will get better. Keep kicking butt and damn proud of you. IWNDWYT
You are doing great. And even at 41 days it feels better than 30. You got this!..
Lots of fluids. Paracetamol and aspirin for headaches. Not too much caffeine. Body still adjusting at that stage. 29 days is the hardest part!!! 2 or 3 months you will feel like Superman on his birthday!!!! IWNDWYT!!!!
Yep the tiredness hit me around that time through. But sooooo close to a month that I'm sure it will feel like reaching a summit when the tiredness rolls back so you can enjoy the view. ..It gets better real quick so I hope you power on through. 
My day sucked but IWNDWYT.
You can do this! These symptoms won't last much longer. You are on the home straight. Everyone who has gotten sober has these moments we show up to them and we plough onward...You're at a month! A ffing month! Hey are you part of AA?.Go in get yourself the one month chip...Celebrate. Everyday you're one step closer to a life such abundance xx
This too shall pass. 
You can work through this. This is one moment. Take it 15 minutes at a time one minute if 15 is too much. I have been where you are. We all have. It passes. And tell your SO to shut the hell up! Stay busy. Do anything except drink. You have power over alcohol now by Day 29! Hello to your day 30.
I hear that some people swear by going through the HALT steps to see why they're suddenly dealing with the desire to drink after they've (probably) broken through the physical addiction phase.
Keep going absolutely gets better. I had headaches for about 2 months. Finally decided to cut back on caffeine too I was over compensating I think for no alcohol. I needed a whole body reset. And it is a time of quiet and slowing down and retreat because it's real and time to reflect and begin again. It's still hard sometimes but so worth it. One day at a time! 
Wake up don't drink go to sleep repeat. Put on blinders just get through the day and soon those nasty thoughts will get lighter and lighter. Keep going you can't waste 29 days. Can you imagine how you will feel about yourself if you caved in now??? You can do it lamp you really can. A stumbling drunk like I was did it so you can too!!
Wow my family is loud but we understand that and would just assume somebody was shy if they were quiet. Saying you have a headache should be case closed time to get off your back and let you have time alone in bed to relax. Your SO is being a douche. His loyalties need to be 100% with you and the kids and not with his parents brothers or sisters. That is proper behavior. Either way it's easier to deal with shit heads when you're not hung over so stay strong! 
29 days is feeling kinda the same for me too.  I'm irritable and really mad at all the seemingly constant drinking situations all around. I made it 90 days once and it DID improve!  So let's hang in there!! 
So sorry you're having a rough go but stay strong and get that 30 days! You're an inspiration and congrats on coming here instead of something more destructive like drinking!
