-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98cplw/husband_is_almost_6_months_sober_and_really/

Hi all posting because husband doesn't reddit. He hit his bottom in February and really threw himself into the 12 steps. I'm so proud of him. But he's struggling with his progress in the program because of all the god talk in AA. There is probably something deeper there (some struggle behind the god stuff I mean he's not struggling with atheism)..He tried SMART but needs the more frequent in-person meetings and support offered by AA. Anybody else experience this and how did you get through it? Part of the problem may be that he's having to make ammends now and I think he's terrified (particularly of making ammends to me because we have a lot of shit we are going to have to work through). ..Thoughts? And what can i do?
----------immediate responses--------

Prayer gentle encouragement soft reminders of what it was like before.  ..Just like you can't control his alcoholism you can't control his recovery.  ..Take care of yourself first and foremost. 
Show him this version of the steps. It is what I used:..Step 1: I'm in a mess and over my head...Step 2: Maybe I don't have all the answers so I'll ask for help...Step 3: Decide to pay attention to advice given...Step 4: Take an honest look at how I've been living my life...Step 5: Tell someone else about my unhealthy lifestyle and harm to others...Step 6: Decide to live a healthier kinder life...Step 7: Make specific changes toward that goal...Step 8: List everyone I have hurt...Step 9: Have the courage to tell them I'm sorry &amp; make amends except if doing so would cause harm...Step 10: Keep an eye on myself alert to old thinking and behaviors...Step 11: Be aware of the beauty in the world and people...Step 12: Pass on to others the kindness extended to me.... 
As both an alcoholic in recovery and a yoga teacher of the spiritual sort meditation is for sure the answer and also incredibly difficult.   ..There are plenty of atheists in AA.  If he chooses NOT to pray he'll need to be sharing much more with his sober network.  If he doesn't have one he's in trouble and should make that his number one priority.  ..Also prayer doesn't require God.  I practice no religion and I pray regularly.   I just talk to the air.  It works for me.  ..There's really no excuse not to other than contempt prior to investigation.  Try prayer for 30 days if it doesn't work you've lost nothing.  ..That's my sponsor talking btw.  ..In the end I don't think you can do anything about his drinking.  I'm sorry. 
He should know that there are atheists in AA. There are also support groups outside of AA. As for you you should do Al-Anon get your own sponsor and start your own steps. That way you can learn how to be properly supportive. As a bonus Al-Anon will help you live your own best life.
I'm not religious (I also don't attend AA) but I "set intentions" and I think that could be classified as "prayer". I like to go for a walk each day. During that walk I think about what I'm grateful for what I can work on and what I intend to do with the rest of my day. ..Has he looked to see if there are any agnostic/atheist AA meetings in the area? ..I really like Russell Brand's book *Recovery: Freedom From Our Addictions*. I thought he did an amazing job at discussing working the steps in a non-religious way. ..Good luck to you both!  
I had to leave AA because of the god talk (among a dozen other issues with AA) and immerse myself in other activities instead. AA isnt for everybody and there is more than one path to recovery out there. Maybe AA just isnt for him and he is slowly realizing that. I know that since I've personally given up on meetings and step work I've become a happier more content person and fill my time playing guitar readimg writing ect and am going back to school this semester. I just felt like AA was holding me back from being my most authentic self like I was trying to stuff myself into AA's model of what recovery should look like. No offense to people that do AA i just found it wasnt for me. Maybe he could try another approach like therapy this sub take up meditation or immerse himself in creative outlets. At least those are the things I've found invaluable to my sobriety but those are just some things off the top of my head that don't require AA. r/alcoholism also has a surprisingly big list of AA alternatives that might be available in your area.
