-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98ewoy/struggling_with_acceptance/

I know I have a problem controlling my drinking. 8 times out of 10 its no big deal and I can be responsible. 2 times out of 10 I get so drunk that there are terrible consequences. I know my best option is to stop drinking but I'm struggling to accept that this is my best option and should be my new reality. I love connecting over people with a good craft beer and it hurts to give this up! ..Anybody else been here? 
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I couldn't picture giving up drinking. And for the most part I drank "normally." But I would listen to sober podcasts and I bought the Smartrecovery handbook and started going to therapy for other stuff and making new friends and hobbies that were away from the bar where I did most of my "bad" drinking. ..I didn't mean to quit. I hadn't even planned on it. But then I found out that my brother had stopped drinking and that one sister had replaced her nightly wine with N/A wine and I thought "oh I guess I could stop too." ..So I did. Then I remembered that I had the Smartrecovery handbook so I got that out and started to work through it. I told my therapist about it. I even told the guy at the liquor store when I was in there buying bitters (with no alcohol) and he asked me what I mixed them with (tonic water.) ..I kind of built up a better life for myself so that taking away the drinking wasn't the life-ruining thing that was going to make me have no friends. ..I've also realized that the "connections" I was making with people over booze weren't real. The times I've hung out with people sober since then (different people that I have things in common with besides being on the bar stool next to them) have been way better and more real. ..You can explore other options read about sobriety explore different methods and programs go to therapy try mocktails etc. Stopping doesn't have to be the first step in the process. 
I got sober in AA...One thing AA taught me was that alcohol wants me miserable and it talks to me in my own voice.  I always had a reason to keep drinking no matter how many times it turned on me...the reason I keep going to meetings is that it's easy for me to fool myself but i can't fool a room full of people at once...Good luck!
My first ever post on here was about the "terrible consequences" - I had many nights that were just fine. ..But when I put all of those bad nights together I realised 2 things so clearly for the first time: ..1: All of my worst memories decisions and regrets happened around alcohol...2: None of my best experiences were improved by drinking and would have been just as incredible if I had been sober (and I really loved to get shitfaced - last man standing type stuff). ..I've been exactly were you are - and reading changed my whole perspective once I decided to open my mind to quitting:..Smart Handbook.This Naked Mind.Kick the Drink.Alcohol Explained..If you are not a big reader hit youtube and search for similar topics. ..Realising I was ready for change was a big first step - the next one was exploring the truth for the first time. ..Best of luck whatever you choose..
It sucks. It was not an easy adjustment...I'm super glad I did but that doesn't mean it didn't suck. The pros of not drinking far outweigh the cons for me.
