-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98ghm8/almost_bought_a_bottle_of_wine_still_struggling/

I'm really struggling. I almost slipped and bought a bottle of wine. I'm having a hard time sleeping and I'm so tired of it so that was my excuse. I even went as far as making sure my SO was preoccupied so he wouldn't know I was planning on drinking. So yeah I had to plan the whole thing out. I went to put my hand on the bottle and it hit me like a smack in the face that I didn't even want the wine not the taste not anything about it. But I still have it in my head that the liquor store a block away closes in an hour &amp; I could just tell my SO I'm going to get ice cream or I really could just go get ice cream. What is my problem? I hate my alcohol brain. 
----------immediate responses--------

Ice cream sounds great!! One option is to tell on yourself right now so you can't be secretive. Once the option is gone you might be surprised how quickly the cravings go.
This is normal.   Good for you in not giving into your temptation!   Make yourself warm tea or eat ice cream.   Are you attending any group meetings or therapy sessions?   You need a good support system.  Hugs!
Can you take a warm bath/shower or watch a couple TV shows to pass the time?
I've been trying to quit for good since April I have to for my health mentally and physically.  I've gone as long as 35 days and I was feeling so much better. But this last slip was pretty bad and my self esteem is in the toilet. I just don't like myself and almost every day I struggle with a bad case of the who cares whats the point etc etc. And then I remember that there are people that need me to stop so I'm there for them. But I'm having a hard time doing it for myself and I know that needs to change. It's really helping to write this out. So thanks for reading. I just have to get through tonight.
My self-esteem improved as time went on. Sure there will be work you need to do but not tonight. Tonight you just have to make it until the store closes. Just do the next right thing. I'm so sorry you are struggling.
I don't know if you might enjoy guided meditation but there is an app called Insight Timer that has Recovery and Healing meditations that are really calming. I'm right with you. Iwndwyt
Thanks everyone! Your support means a lot to me. Great suggestions. I do have a pretty solid support system but some are out of town this week. Watching Netflix  and going to make some tea. I prefer tea to wine anyway. Such a strange disease.
I have had this exact experience so many times.   I would get a sense of relief when the stores actually close - which happens at 11pm in my state.   I also get a sense of relief from knowing that each time the impulse hits me and I handle it without drinking - I am definitely re-wiring my habits and my brain...  kind of like lifting weights to the point of actual exhaustion - it is a clear sign of progress at the same time  as it hurts.  It is progress because you are working through the hurt...Also - what a huge relief to not have to lie or be secretive or worry about smelling like alcohol and getting caught...
Not being able to sleep is the WORST...Well actually it just seems that way. What's really the worst is having an addictive substance run your entire night and motivate you to potentially be very dishonest with your partner...Coming off of my own relapse last week was very similar. Sneaking trying to figure out how I could slip away and get some wine succeeding in doing so a couple of times etc...You'll feel better if you don't drink tonight. Also if quitting permanently is your goal drinking tonight will only delay the inevitable. Eventually you will have to deal with being unable to sleep being uncomfortable being frustrated with cravings that go unsatisfied. By not drinking tonight you are one day closer to a good night's sleep...You can do this!!!!..IWNDWYT.
Sometimes even now When the cravings hit especially when I'm exhausted but have trouble sleeping I'll take a long shower and 1/2 an OTC sleep aid.  Not enough to make me feel like shit in the morning but enough to help me get through a solid night of sleep so I have strength to not drink.  IWNDWYT 
I usually run when I feel squirrelly. I run almost every day so I don't feel as squirrelly as often
