-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98oozg/my_first_ever_day/

My drinking has gradually gotten more excessive over the past 6 months. Years ago I'd binge at the weekends then not think about it until my next night out. Over time the glass of wine with dinner turned into the beer when I got home and then I got to the stage where I was drinking an entire bottle of wine after I got home from work about 11pm. I love being drunk because I stop stressing about work and just enjoy the warm feeling it gives me. ...A few of my friends found it entertaining a point of conversation about the amount I like to drink. It was a bit of a joke amongst us. One of the guys I work with kept saying that I have a problem but always in a jokey way so I ignored it as casually as he mentioned it. It was always in the back of my mind that I may not be able to stop drinking but I reassured myself that I  could' quit I just didn't  want to. That's why I followed this subreddit many months ago I never had any intention of quitting at the time but I thought if I occasionally read some of the stories on here it might make me feel guilty enough to admit that I do in fact have an addiction. ...Last night I went on a big night out with a big group of friends nothing unusual but I did wake up with a pain in my back and joked that it's probably my liver packing in after the abuse I've given it. I've had this pain before it lasted an hour or two and went away but this time it persisted. I've been searching the links between back pain and alcoholism and it could be pancreatitis liver damage of my kidneys struggling to filter my blood. Whatever it is it fucking hurts like a bitch. ...There is a positive side to this. I now have a tangible effect of the damage alcohol does to the body and not just some statistics that I'm  more likely do have a heart attack  or  I'm going to lose x number of years off my life. This has made me pay attention and fortunately I'm young enough that this will probably heal and I can have another chance....Today (or more specifically tonight because I was drinking at 4am) is the first time in about six months that I've not had a drink. I would definitely have one if I knew for a fact that it wouldn't put me in A&amp;E but at the moment I can't guarantee that my organs are strong enough for another ethanol attack. I was say drinking Pepsi with my cigarette and missing that deliciously bitter taste of alcohol knowing that soon I would be drunk and care free...I'm definitely taking a break for at least a week then I might push for a month. This may contradict the ethos of this community but I know I will drink again I'm not going to go completely teetotal and scold myself for not getting the longest streak but when I do start drinking again (after the healing process) it will be moderately and it will be much safer than the path I'm currently on. ...
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..A month off and then reassessing would be an excellent start - a week is barely long enough for the last vapours of alcohol and its nasty metabolites to clear out of your system let alone do much healing.....If you're worried about your health it might also be a good opportunity to have a quick checkup with your doctor just to see how things are actually doing... I used to get back pain too sometimes when I was drinking heavily and it was probably some organ or other protesting.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..&gt;when I do start drinking again... it will be moderately..Have a read of some of the [oodles of posts about moderation](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/search?q=moderation&amp;restrict_sr=on) and you'll notice that it usually ends up going the same way... *not well*.....Alcohol is a drug which is *inherently* hard to moderate for many of us because of what it *does* when it interacts with our brains... Your mileage may vary!..Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
[removed]
I think the true ethos of this sub is "I will not drink with you today." And that's a powerful commitment if you think about it. Just asserting that you have control that you're only going to drink as a deliberate choice and you're going to consider and control that choice. It's an immense change for a lot of people...I still think those people including myself should stop drinking. But one day one week one month... it's nothing to sneeze at.
