-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98qfwb/husband_is_schizophrenic_and_my_mom_and_sister/

I've posted a few times. Both in moments of weakness and in moments of strength and sobriety. This is a weakness moment. ..Husband is newly diagnosed as bipolar/schizophrenic and has been battling with both the demons in his head and the medication. The highs match the lows. We go through periods of him being grateful that the medication is working and moments of him being suicidal. Doesn't help that he is also going to be one year sober at the end of the month but still struggles with sobriety in a very drunk world. He accepts my drinking but still pushes me to stop as we are trying to start a family. He knows that as bad as he ever got that he is no match against me and a bottle of whiskey. .Side note: that's a shamefully proud moment in life when your self proclaimed sober alcoholic s.o is shocked that you can outdrink them with ease. ..On top of that my sister is escaping her terribly abusive ex husband with her two autistic children under the age of 5. She's now living with my very controlling mother and all of her insecurities about her and my father's divorce and that is making a cocktail of drama. ..My only escape is to drink. It's hard for me to not think that everyone around me is making their lives hard themselves and that the solution is right in front of them. Which in turn is what I am doing myself. I cannot save them. I cannot fight their battles for them. I can only offer support and love. ..I want a family with my husband. He is my best friend and all I have ever wanted is children. But I can't seem to not get anxiety and scared when I realize that I need to stop drinking right now for that to work. Not when I find out I'm pregnant. Not when I know it's real. Right now. Because it could be real right now. I could be pregnant right now. And yet I'm still sitting here drunk while he's asleep wishing I had more. And that is terrifying to me. That on some level I potentially could be hurting an innocent child that I am responsible for because I can't handle my shit. ..I hate this. This is so fucking stupid. And what's worse is my only thought process on how to make it better is to drink about it. 
----------immediate responses--------

Use birth control until you get your drinking under control. You can do serious damage before you have any signs of pregnancy. I'd be really hesitant to have kids until some of the mental health/ substance abuse issues are a little more under control. 
Now is not the time to have kids or they will be doomed to repeat your alcoholic pattern. Get sober. Work on you... You first.
I will agree with previous posters above.  It would be horribly unfair to yourself and any child.  Sobriety is hard but children will make it much harder not easier.  Try to be clean for at least two years.  It will make all the difference..Stay strong and take care of youself.
I'm sorry you're struggling. As outlined in the community guidelines we ask that you only post when you have not been drinking. For this reason we had to remove your post. But we'll be here tomorrow if you want to come back then...
