-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98tlrz/why_am_i_more_depressed_now_then_when_i_was/

I'm pushing 90 days so that's great but I am becoming more depressed then I was before. ..I've honestly felt depressed while drinking the last 20 years  but NEVER to the degree I feel now without drinking the last 3 months and that worries me. Yes I get it the body is adjusting and the brain too but cmon it was felt better to drink and cope with everything then not drink and still have everything but now not be able to cope.  Before anyone suggests it know my career is very yoga  gym  meditation orientated so I have no desire to come home and use what I do as a career to relax. Probably why booze was perfect to sit down after an exhausting day of physical work and dealing with people  and not think and mindlessly play video games.  ..Moving forward I wont drink that's not an option in my head and I really dont want to take Dr prescribed pills  but I am worried about my sanity and this dark hole I feel moving in. ..It's almost like now that I've removed my coping mechanism its completed  exposed that maybe I am not and never was really happy in the first place with my current circumstances and never was  just  always so  boozed up coping  everyday i never needed to notice or had to  deal with it . .. Has anyone else had this that once they got sober whether it was job marriage  life location  friends suddenly u got  this huge smack of reality that hey I'm actually miserable AF with this ??????    Maybe its time to reevaluate my life completely  as a sober person and what makes me happy  because suddenly after 20 years of coping with booze I'm struggling 10x harder trying to live the same life without it! 
----------immediate responses--------

If you were using booze to mask depression then this makes sense
Yes Yes and yes!  When we quit drinking it can expose a lot of nerve endings that we were numbing in our lives.  That absolutely can be dissatisfactions with what who and how we are living. Trust though the drinking didn't make any of it better.  I am no sage so I don't have good information for you to help fix the issues but I can say it is normal. 
It took about 6 months for me to start feeling significantly happier. Even at my 1 year mark I had a case of PAWS and hit a low point. It definitely made we wonder if all of this was worth it but it passed. Early recovery is a roller coaster. Do you have a therapist? My wife (who quit drinking too) has recently come to terms with the fact that anti-depressants are necessary. Although she doesn't drink does yoga meditates has a therapist and eats healthy she realized her brain simply doesn't make enough feel-good neurotransmitters. It's just the way her brain is hard-wired. It sucks but meds have done wonders for her. 
Once the dust begins to settle harsh daylight can begin to filter in...Many of us drank the way we did for a "reason"  - often self medicating is a part of it - except it was an inappropriate medication with a ton of side effects and contraindications.  Thats why we "had"to quit...For me "Self esteem"  (broken warped misshapen etc) was a core of this - the black hole into which I was pouring not only alcohol but drugs relationships work spending food etc. ..All this an more remains to be dealt with - the good news is that it takes a while - so you are allowed to be patient - and in the process do some reinventing of yourself...  That actually can be very rewarding and teaches us much.
*That wasn't milk you been drinking* as an old bud once told me...It's normal. We have rewired the reward centers of our brains to consider booz as...a reward! So basically your brain hasn't released any *feel good* cause you haven't rang that bell with liquor. You'll  be okay after a while. 
A little individual therapy has helped me get out of the dumps from time to time. With a slight shift in how I viewed my situation I was able to carry on and feel good again. 
I'm a little curious why you wouldn't want to try anti-depressants? ..I understand wanting to wait a while to see whether alcohol was creating the depression or masking some actual depression...If someone were already using a drug (alcohol) as a crutch and coping mechanism then why not use a different drug that can still act as a crutch (while you need one to address the actual issue) but also doesn't have nearly the life destroying side effects of alcohol and is much more effective?..It's like you have to vacuum your house and your options are a lawn mower or a vacuum...
I'm in  a very similar boat. I was already depressed and frustrated when drinking but it has gotten much worse since I've stopped. On recommendation of my therapist I finally asked my doctor about getting on an antidepressant. I just started 9 days ago so I'm still in the early adjustment period and can't tell if it will help but the depression and frustration with life have been very difficult. 
You're depressed because your brain increased it's need for serotonin after years of drinking. Alcohol is a psychotropic drug that does real damage to our ability to feel happiness when we abuse it. You took alcohol for years without worrying about the negative consequences. Why are you worried about pills your doctor might prescribe? It's a bit of a double standard. Untreated depression or anxiety are two of the biggest reasons that people fail to stay sober. You can get medicine that will essentially ration serotonin and other chemicals in your serotonin-hungry brain until your brain adapts back to live without alcohol and then you can go off the medicine too. It usually takes 6mo to a year. Ask your doctor about SSRIs or SSNRIs. They can really help balance out your brain chemistry until your brain heals.
Most important thing I learned in rehab: Your brain is like a spring. When we drink we weigh our brains down with alcohol which is actually a depressant. But your brain doesn't like this. It tries to get back to equilibrium by producing more action chemicals. ..Unfortunately when you stop drinking your brain is still used to producing these chemicals. It will for a while then recognize that there's too many of them so it will shut off. Then it recognizes there aren't enough of them so it overproduces again. This cycle will continue for a while depending on how much and how long you drank. ..So it's quite normal to be very happy one week and completely depressed the next because your brain *hasn't reached equilibrium* yet. When it does - and it will - you will be free of these mood swings. 
