-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98vrvf/it_took_25_days_to_remember_why_i_started/

Hi everyone! I recently stopped drinking only to fall back into my eating disorder and I feel hopeless and lost. I had forgotten in my drunken stupor just how much eating had controlled my life before. I was struggling with binging and purging for 12 fucking years so I dont know how I could have forgotten. Drinking and smoking pot made it more bearable. It made me too sleepy to binge and too anxious to purge (puking up booze HURTS). ..I dont want to drink. I want to stay sober. Five days and I get a shiny new 30 day chip! But I can't handle this urge to eat everything in sight. I haven't purged yet because I'm scared too but I have been binging a lot and dreaming about going full on bulimic again. And dreams are how it always starts for me. Yesterday I was crying for hours after I woke up because I MISS it so much. I miss binging and purging. I miss drinking. I miss having SOMETHING that makes me feel good that I know I can keep. ..Friends come and go and interests dissipate over time but booze and food are forever. ..I want to be clean and sober and healthy but I feel like all three are impossible. I feel like I'm bothering my AA friends too much nowadays with all of my stupid first world problems and I need to leave them alone and let them be happy without my depressing self dragging them down...I dont know what to do. I'm almost certainly going to fall back into one hole. I just feel like I need to choose the least dangerous one and booze seems to be it. 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
This is not unusual. When you are drinking your body gets depleted of nutrients. During sobriety in an effort to heal itself it triggers hunger. ..Members of AA know that part of the deal is to help others. When people give you their number they EXPECT you to call. ..We are living in the first world of course we have first world problems. ..There are groups to address over eating as well. Maybe just AA is not enough. You might want to look for a support group for people with eating disorders. ..Yes you need help. And when you get into a program like AA that is what it is there for. Call people. Ask for suggestions and follow up on any leads you get. ..Also get checked out by a doctor. 
I had a lot of unhealthy coping mechanisms and when I took that away my brain freaked out. I didn't know how to cope with life negative emotions everything. I wanted to isolate "be strong" and not bother others with my crap. When I was able to be honest with others and tell them how I felt... how I felt not okay and that I was scared..... Eventually things started feeling a little better. The first time I told someone I was scared the feeling didn't go away but the overwhelming feeling of stress did. ..I don't know if any of that is helpful to you but I guess when I read your post I thought to myself "please don't isolate." There are others out there who feel like you you are not alone. It gets better it's difficult but it gets so much better..   
Refuge Recovery is inclusive to all addictions including Eating Disorders.  I love the book and the meetings.  There may be one in your city!  There is also an amazing book called "Brain over Binge" by Kathryn Hansen who breaks down the addictive aspects of Binge/Purge and gives a lot of information on tackling it like one would "going sober". There are some really good chapters on normalizing eating because unlike alcohol one can not just simply stop eating.  She has a podcast too that is awesome!..30 days is huge!!  For me those first 3 months were all about getting my sea legs and it was a rough ass sea.  I found substituting hot showers (sometimes 3 or 4 ttimesa day) for the normal sugar or junk food that seems to come with quitting helped keep my eating anxiety at bay.  It's important to lean in to your support and get more if you need.  I ended up getting a therapist which has been integral to my recovery. Keep reaching out! They say the opposite of addiction is connection- and that has definitely been my experience! You can do this! I will not drink (or binge and purge!) with you! 
You had control over yourself while drinking and you have control over yourself while binging..But both are in a negative way and not good for you.I can't tell you exactly what you should do but you need to find something that can take over your mind in a positive way.Something you like to do and maybe you don't know what it is yet go try things!.Running biking geocaching knitting sculpting keeping plants alive or fish maybe?..To keep sane in the meanwhile i would recommend something small to distract yourself like a fidgetspinner just to keep your mind busy.I always used those Chinese meditation balls because they also make a little sound..Hope it helps you!
You aren't bothering your aa friends.  You are providing them with an opportunity to work their 12th step.  In time you will be listening to and supporting a newcomer as well.
