-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/98xee9/let_us_tell_a_different_story/

I m at day four out of five at a comprehensive group therapy thing. No alcoholics (well me obviously still in the closet about that) just nine people suckerpunched by life struggling to get back on track. It s great...Today we discussed help strategies for a case a typical attendee. Home assignment for tomorrow is to write a different case - myself...I nearly panicked. I share in the group; with some effort but wholeheartedly. I can present bits and pieces of my story and I m fine with that. But writing my whole story... I don t know if I can do that...So I thought can I be true and still tell a different story? A story where there s room for failure and room for success where defeat is not final and victory is not just a dream? A story where I m not alone where I m not a loser not a victim not a villain and not perfect just a human being trying failing and trying again...If I can do that I can tell a story about myself that is true and full of hope. I need that...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Hey buddy glad the group therapy thing is going well for you.  I know I definitely have levels of  truth' that I'm prepared to admit to depending on the company I'm in how well I know people how well I think they'll understand.  ..I'd find it incredibly difficult to share the full extent of my drinking problem in a roomful of people who hadn't experienced the same   hell I couldn't even do it in an AA meeting I don't think.  ..You're very brave.  You're doing brilliantly.  You can definitely tell them an honest story that is full of hope.   I will not drink with you today :)
You can do it!
[removed]
My story is too long to tell all at once....Actually as I write that I think that's a great writing prompt possibly an intro...Focus on one or two parts of the story.  You can be true without telling the *whole* truth.  
Oh yes Homer yu got the ability to do this.  Pen and paper is your cup of tea.  Iwndwyt 
How did it go friend?  I know that you are true and full of hope so it must have been brilliant.
