-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/992mf7/making_sense_of_my_big_three_losses_please_read/

 At 7:32 a.m. Aug. 21 a Tuesday everything came together. Everything I've struggled with thought about and digested over and over in my head finally made sense. ..The Big Three Losses in my life had to happen. I had to be tested over and over to push me to grow into this guy I wanted to become. I had to cut through the weeds brush and trees of my past to really step on a clear path into an open field of my new life. ..All the shed tears over my dog's unexpected passing in March eventually soothed my soul. Those were pieces of my past dissipating onto the ground and into the air. The ensuing depression over the losing that great dog and the time I needed to learn how to fill again without my little buddy there were necessary evils. Evils I learned how to beat to make me feel alive again by filling big buckets of empty time and lost love...The mental torture and sadness over breaking my long-term relationship in late April with a wonderful woman needed to test my limits. I stayed so strong composed and forward focused. My third Big Breakup had to show me I can meet women without alcohol. ..Most importantly I made amends with my heart and learned to love myself. I had to relearn to love myself because I hated who I had become. That person is not who a little six-year-old me wanted to become. We thought better of ourselves and we changed...Then I lost my job. A job a large part of my career suddenly was gone. My dog girl and job were all gone. The Big Three pieces of the puzzle who made me who I was. I needed had and am glad to have lost those three elements of my life. I'm thrilled in a way for the test I faced because I know that no matter what happens to me in life I will be okay and I don't need alcohol to cope. ..I don't know if it's  I'm not a deeply religious person   God a spirit team or just life coming together but I had to be tested. I took powerful shots from life over and over from what felt like month after month beginning in January.  ..And you know what? When life cut me deep I moved forward. When life pushed the knife into the healing wound I saw strength in color and that beautiful rainbow pushed me forward. When life shoved another rusty knife into an open wound I still pressed forward.  ..I wish I could tell you I'm writing this with dry eye. In fact I might be sobbing as I compose myself. ..But it FEELS so good. I can do this. And I have. I am a much much better person now. And the people in my life know that. ..I want you to know things get easier better and you will be stronger. You will love yourself at some point and it will feel so empowering when everything comes together. Please make amends with yourself over your past mistakes. Forgive those things you may have done to make the guilt crippling you in the morning and the anxiety taking over your soul from too much to drink the night before. Or over how you were and set your path forward. ..Reach out if you're scared and remember if you feel like drinking to get a milkshake...But please - PLEASE - learn to love yourself again. ..Much love to you all and thank you for taking the time to read. 
----------immediate responses--------

You are an inspiration!   I am so sorry about your dog.  Good dogs are one of the keys to a happy life.  It looks like you are on your way to finding peace.  Thank you for sharing your wisdom.   IWNDWYT 
Great introspection!  Thanks!
I don't know what is better your skill at writing your inner strength or your achievement in keeping yourself free from alcohol. You're a good person with a great mindset...IWNDWYT.
I still struggle with loving myself. Just like the struggle to not drink this is a constant battle for me. ..Look at you dealing with life with a grace humility and worldview I could only dream of. ..You're not the only one writing (or reading) without dry eyes. Kudos to you and IWNDWYT
Loving yourself is a good thing but it's more important to love God first. Without God you wouldn't have a "you" to love. It's also a good thing to make amends with yourself but before you do that make amends to God. He's the one who really matters.
I can't help but think of  Kelly Clarkson's  "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."  Definitely seems to be the case here...And I see a puppy in someone's future.  :)
Hugs my darling! You're fighting and not giving up and that's such an inspiration. Thank you so much and know that I'm sending you all the hugs and love I can over the internet!
This is lovely.  Learning to love myself was key to staying sober as was embracing the pain.  Thank you for the reminder and I am so happy for your growth and good feelings.
Learning to love myself again is a huge goal for me. Thank you so much for your heartfelt words. And bless you for helping others.
Loving myself is the biggest thing I am working on other than staying sober! IWNDWYT!
