-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9943fq/nothing_feels_as_good_as_opening_your_eyes_in_the/

No shame no guilt... just good restful sleep and a day ahead with endless possibilities.When id wake up with a hangover I felt like I started the day ten points behind. It took so much effort and energy to get myself physically (and mentally) back to functional it's no wonder I've been struggling to make new strides in my life and with my goals...IWNDWYTD!!
----------immediate responses--------

Isn't it great? I still have dreams about drinking occasionally and sometimes wake up "assuming" I'm hungover. It feels soo good to realize I'm not and have a whole pain-free day ahead of me! IWNDWYT
That's the best part of sobriety :) Plus I am drinking coffee in the morning to enjoy its taste instead of chugging it in order to wake me up. 
I'm so accustomed to checking what stupid messages i sent last night what drunk work email I sent or what I ate that put another pound on. Instead I found no stupid messages or emails and that I ate within my calorie range even though I felt like I pigged out.
Normal life is underrated :-) IWNDWYT 
Amen to that! 
I do enjoy that but I think there are things that might feel better
Great title for a post!..IWNDWYT
How long after u quit drinking did the insomnia stop?  I dont care what happens i cant seem to sleep more than 4 or 5 hours?
It feels incredible. I'm not angry first thing in the morning.  I get up and make breakfast before other people are up.  I've even had time to bring my wife breakfast in bed.  And I haven't needed an afternoon nap in a week or so.  IWNDWYT :)
Thank you Avocado your post could not explain better the feelings when you wake up in the morning sober!!!
Sobriety sucks just as much as being a useless drunk did at times. I could have had a year sober but I've had two slip-ups now (literally drinking a beer right now). Oh well I have severe anxiety and depression I need something to take the edge off. Life is hell. I can't stand being around people always agitated and anxious unless I pop some Valium. Hopefully Buspar works for my anxiety (bought some on the dark web). I have no desire to go back to drinking full time again. 
Alcohol seriously fucks with you sleep. And there's nothing better imo than a solid night's sleep. you can do anything!! IWNDWYTD too!!
Absolutely In the morning I never regret drinking the night before. I think when I wake up is the time of day that I love being sober the most. Sometimes I hang on just for that feeling alone. IWNDWYT
I sleep 100% better for not having GERD now I'm off the booze!
It's very cool - I agree!
Thanks for the reminder to be grateful.  Sometimes I take sobriety for granted and just get up do my meditations and get on with it.  I will try to appreciate how much better it is tomorrow morning.  You helped me a lot tonight!
So true. It never gets old.
It's amazing. I still sometimes wake up in the night to go pee and get overwhelmed with the 'i feel wonderful and normal' sensation. I hate to sound smug. I hope this comes across as positive and not gloating. No dry mouth. No wobbling around the room. No poops from hell in the morning. And it's always now. This is me.
agreed!
