-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/994aqs/i_need_help_from_all_of_you_compassionate_pet/

Magge is a 9 year old olde english bulldog. Her health has really deteriorated over the last year.  She cant see cant hear and sometimes seems really confused but most of the time is alert. Most of her teeth have fallen out or are loose. She limps and sometimes will nip or get agressive when the kids touch her roughly or surprise her (this has been a huge change- she has always been very patient with little kids). The biggest challenge though is that she has lost most of the control of her bowel movements. Going where she doesnt intend to and leaving trails of mess behind her( this is also a significant change- she NEVER used to have accidents in the house). Its getting tiring and is really unsanitary when i have a little baby crawling on the floor. But Maggie is the best dog Ive ever had. Shes a good girl and i still see little sparks of life and happiness in her that make me question if having her put to sleep is a selfish decison on my part or in her best interest. Unfortunately her breed makes it really hard for her to be an outside dog she does not tolerate extreme temps well and wher I live we have both extreme heat in the summer and extreme cold in winter. ..I am struggling and feeling really down. I dont know what to do. Keeping my sobriety im check but wondering if anyone has any words that can help me get through making this terrible decision.
----------immediate responses--------

So sorry to hear about your beloved Maggie. I know the pain you're suffering they really are a huge part of the family...What has the vet said? They will usually make a call on what's best for the animal. It doesn't sound like she has the best quality of life now and watching them suffer is heartbreaking...Only you can make the decision it's awful and it hurts like hell. But do what you believe is best for Maggie and maybe seek advice from your vet...Remember all the good times you've had together...Thinking of you at this difficult time...IWNDWYT
When my old dog was sick I called my vet a few times and asked her "is it time yet?" She would always reply "when it's time you won't need to ask me." ..She was right. One morning I called her and said "please come over it's time." She came over and my dog and I said goodbye in the yard and she died in my arms on the grass. ..It's never selfish to put a dog out of pain. You've taken care of her for so long and I'm guessing you have always done your best by her. She knows that and trusts you. I think that people are much more likely to think "I wish I had done it sooner" than "I did it too soon." ..It's going to be hard no matter when you do it. ..Blessing to you and Maggie. 
Magge will let you know when it's time. Big hugs. Furbabies are the best. 
Oh this break my heart we have a pitbull named Sasha and it will devastate me the day that we have to put her down! So I feel for you!I IMO sounds like it's almost time if it's not already there I completely empathize and understand that you're not going to be OK with this decision and I'm sure I will feel the same way when Sasha's time comes! But I would just suggest taking some time and thinking about if you know you're never going to be able to make peace with the decision then the only other variable is how much she suffers and her quality-of-life is. She can go peacefully soon with a decent quality or in months where she has suffered but the same decision will still have to be made. Oh man. I wish I could give you a great big hug right now! I can't even imagine how difficult this must be  I can just hear your love for this sweet girl in your post  
Last week I had to say good bye to both my dogs. They were 15 and in pain. I held them and they went together. So hard I still haven't left the house. I'm trying to stay sober for them. They watched me drink a lot of wine over the years. My heart goes out to you. 
Hello. First off: I am very sorry that you are going through this. Pets become part of our family and no matter how much you prepare you are never truly ready for such a difficult decision...I actually wrote a research paper on pet ethics and when is the ethical time to put down a sick or elderly pet. What it really comes down to is quality of life. You have to try your best to remove yourself emotionally. If it seems to you that her quality of life is poor and she simply seems like every day is a chore or most of her waking time is painful it is time to put her down. Ask yourself: Is she hiding more than usual? Does she want to be alone more than usual? Is she able to eat? Is she able to drink? Does she have accidents in the house? If her behavior is no longer normal or what it used to be it is probably time...Give Magge all the love you can! Make her feel like the most special thing in your world and if you decide that it is time to put her down set a date and see if the vet will come to your house to do it (some will). Stay with Magge the entire time until she has passed as you are a comforting presence that will help ease her transition. ..Again I am sorry you are dealing with this. If you have any specific questions please feel free to PM me. We can continue talking from there. ..Best ..SnausageDawg
I'm so sorry.  If it was me I'd want to be put down.  I know how you feel loving a pet.  My dog will be 13 soon.  My neighbor had a service come to the house and they put his beloved dog down and took care of everything.  Good luck.
I'm sorry for your loss. I'm dealing with this with a 14-year-old mutt who is my first dog. We've had her for 13 years and we are having regular discussions about whether it's time. Your pup is at rest and not in pain. Best wishes and I'm not drinking with you this evening.  
I'm so sorry that must have been so difficult for you. Ive had dogs all my life growing up and it was always heartbreaking when they left us. It sounds like you were an amazing dog mommy and you gave her a great life. The end sounded peaceful for her and that's the best you can hope for in these situations and at least she isn't suffering anymore. You gave her a great life and you'll always have your memories. Sending you lots of love and strength. Big hugs  
I'm so sorry that must have been so difficult for you. Ive had dogs all my life growing up and it was always heartbreaking when they left us. It sounds like you were an amazing doggy parent and you gave her a great life. The end sounded peaceful for her and that's the best you can hope for in those situations. You gave her a great life and you'll always have your memories. Stay strong. Sending you strength and hugs. RIP Maggie  
