-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/999suh/sd_i_got_dumped_today/

It's raw it hurts and the way it went down was heartbreaking and mildly infuriating. It really sucks to be open and vulnerable with someone just to have them shit all over you. This wasn't a particularly long or serious relationship but I really liked him and I have been struggling lately with my sobriety (badge is out of date. I'm on day 2)  and he played the part of the supportive partner then turned around and suddenly decided he didn't want to anymore. (I can't say I blame anyone for choosing not to be with an alcoholic but the sting is very real regardless.) We were supposed to go on vacation together in 2 weeks. He had been out of town for work for the past couple of months and I waited around for him and he ended it basically the day after he got back.   ...But I didn't drink over it and I'm proud of that. I reached out to a sober friend and my online recovery group and accepted the support and it made all the difference. I wrote out all of my feelings in my journal. I cried. I asked my HP for strength and expressed my gratitude. I sent him an upset but composed and sober Facebook message getting my main irritations off my chest and then deleted his info. I'm exhausted from a really hard week 3 heavy drinking sessions and now this but after I let the initial wave of shock and hurt wash over I'm feeling more centered. Drinking over him would only make things worse and as much as the addiction voice that chirps in my ear nearly constantly wants to tell me I "need" a drink that it's normal and fine to drink to cope with this kind of painful situation I didn't listen to it. I'm so grateful and proud.   ...I hope you guys are doing well. I don't post here that much but I read this sub basically all day every day and it is one of my main tools. You're all superheros and I so appreciate y'all being here. Gnight IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about the breakup.  But the way you are coping with it is wonderful. Life can be painful sometimes but it is better to heal in sobriety.  Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
Sorry you got dumped :( but you seem to be taking it ok. Now's a great time to focus back on yourself! :)
U can do this. And this sobriety is very much a solo thing. Now an opportunity to pour your heart and soul Into making this happen. 
