-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99dkuf/why/

I don't know why but I am struggling today.  I woke up and I felt like shit isolated feeling like an overall shitty person.  It's weird my emotions can just shift on a dime.  I'll be feeling great confident relaxed and then just like that feeling horrible insecure lonely with anxiety and dread.   I don't know the reasoning behind it.    ...It makes me want to run out and get a bunch of drinks and just sit at home listening to music and forget.  .I know this won't solve anything but the urge is there.  Why do I feel this way?
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes we feel like that...And yeah it's easy to numb that or drown it with alcohol.  .It's hard to *feel* it to *go through* it...But to go through it is to be alive...Listen to music. Walk. Cry. Live. And don't drink.  .You're not alone.
You can't just numb the bad stuff. If you shut down one emotion you shut it all out you won't feel good stuff either 
Alcohol is a potent easily available fast acting state change with which we have quite a bit of experience. Once in awhile it's going to seem like a solution to us even though we have accumulated so much experience that it usually turns out badly.
It sounds like you may be suffering from PAWS (post acute withdrawal syndrome) and is very common when we stop drinking.  Check out some articles on google.  Some of the symptoms go away pretty quickly and others take some time.  Hang in there and keep posting...IWNDWYT
The good news is that life varies....  my feelings and emotions vary...  be pretty miserable and numbing if they didn't.  Humans respond best to change.  We're poor at steady state vigilance...What ever I'm feeling today or even now.... If I wait a while it will change!
What you describe is why I got into drinking in the first place. It's an altered state a short-cut to another world where you aren't you anymore. But like most things in life that are short-cuts the returns diminish and soon you don't like the person in the other world either. You like that person a good deal less in fact: that person has become the architect of the pain you are trying to escape. If you are accustomed to using alcohol to escape this world then not to have that choice is frightening but it forces us to face up to why we want/need to escape in the first place. And if we can face that down and live in a world where we want to be 24/7 that would be pretty fucking amazing right? That's what I'm hoping for. Hang in there. IWNDWYT
That kind of feeling comes around every now and again and it is the worst. Go out to a smoothie bar or a Starbucks and treat yourself to a drink without alcohol. You can turn this day around with a nice shower a delicious meal and maybe a small walk in a pretty area. IWNDWYT   
