-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99hifr/am_i_making_excuses_or_is_a_quit_date_helpful/

I am a (fairly) young sous chef but I will be done with my job here in three weeks. One of the reasons for my departure is the environment in the restaurant business. I've known I have had a problem for years now but AA has never really been my cup of tea. I cant seem to resist the free shifter after a long day and that always leads to more drinking with me as I am incapable of having just one drink. It usually leads to me consuming at least one six pack once I get home. Sometimes it's much more. .I was doing pretty good with maintaining my sobriety before I started back into the restaurant game. I wasn't smoking and my drinking was much more under control although I did have slip ups on occasion. .I know people say that setting doesn't matter when getting sober and clean but I feel like as someone who feeds off of atmosphere and environment  I won't be successful if I try to kick my sobriety into full gear before I'm done at my current job. I am also weak...I guess that my question for everyone is that although I hate myself and my alcoholic lifestyle  I have tried to get sober in this setting before and failed and the failure itself also further degraded my mental state. The feeling of failure left me feeling helpless and led to even more extreme black out every night drinking benders. .I am fully committed to becoming sober once I am finished with my current job. I have sobriety materials and resources at my disposal  and a more moderate schedule that will allow more time for self care. I just want to succeed this time and dont want to go through a cycle of failure again. Is my alcoholic brain just making excuses?  I know the best time to start sobriety would ideally be now but I feel like I will survive the next few weeks and can avoid jail. I just have to hold on for a few more weeks and I can begin again anew. Does this sound crazy? Or can a quit date be helpful so I can gear up to battle my addiction?  Any advice is greatly appreciated! I'm sorry this is so long but I absolutely need groups like this. Truly anonymous help is such a blessing. .Sincerely .Struggling alcoholic .
----------immediate responses--------

So for me and many trial and errors andmaybe still I had to gather the information gather I read This Naked Mind and continued to research here online anywhere. This is all through multpile tries and epic fails. Another thing was I was always looking for excuses like: "After our Vegas trip" etc...I will stop...if you want to stop do it now....that's what I had to do and continue to educate yourself
"I know the best time to start sobriety would ideally be now but I feel like I will survive the next few weeks and can avoid jail."..I think this part might be your sober voice trying to clue you in to the answer but my demon is a bastard so maybe I see boogeymen in all the corners.
Welcome aboard!..I can see your reasons for wanting to set a specific date - but there's always going to be an excuse. There will always be some event x weeks away that will be your reason for not quitting now. ..The book This Naked Mind helped me a lot in realizing that I was continuing to drink not because I wanted to and not because I had a good reason but because I just didn't want to take that first scary step and I was addicted (FYI it hasn't been that scary it's been great even if I'm fighting a huge craving right now)...I think the most valuable thing I've gained from the book and this sub is that alcohol gives me no positives but sobriety gives me lots. I'm stronger than alcohol and I don't need it to have a good time with friends relax at the end of a day etc and that society and my addiction had me believing I did need it. The thought of giving it up was terrifying until TNM brought me along to show me why it wasn't...I feel empowered now. I don't need to poison myself to meet life on it's own terms and alcohol only gives me negatives. I don't need more negatives life gives me enough lemons already without me purchasing more!!..Glad you're here.
One more attempt with a set date seems reasonable..If it fails perhaps it's time to seek help. I got a prescription for naltrexone from my doctor when I first quit and it helped me a great deal. There are many more approaches to helping with alcoholism now and they have become more easily available...Having worked in the food service industry I know some restaurants are pretty alcohol laden and tough places to quit.
Getting out of the environment that's contributing to your drinking is huge.  Very important and intelligent move.  Of course the sooner we stop drinking the better but if someone is not able to abstain completely or right away Annie Grace suggests to "draw a line in the sand" that you will not cross.   My line was to do my boozing at home never drink and drive and no drunk texting.  Ruined my health but kept me out of jail.
I did a quit date. It was about six weeks into the future. I didn't want another wishy washy  I should stop drinking  only to end up at the wine shop within a day or two. I also knew that heading into Christmas would be super hard. I then bought myself a pretty expensive diamond ring (hadn't worn a ring dince my divorce ten years before) that was a tangible reminder of my promise to myself. I wore the ring right away and said I would have to take it off if I drank after the quit date. I didn't change my drinking habits during the six weeks - maybe just the last couple of days when I had to drink all the leftover Christmas wine  .  And I am happy to say I haven't had a sip in 227 days and I am very fond of this sparkly ring (yes I am a dork). So planning it out worked for me. It seemed less scary to have it mapped out ahead of time - to know what was coming. It is such a personal journey that it is important to do what feels right for you. Good luck - IWNDWYT (or whatever date!)
Some models of behavior change say that there are 5 phases:..\*Using (When we don't think we have a problem.)..\*Pre-contemplation (I wonder if I have a problem?)..\*Contemplation (I think I have to stop drinking but I'm not sure.  I'll start investigating...)..\*Action (I am taking definitive steps to stop drinking.)..\*Maintenance (I am free and doing what I need to do to keep my sobriety.)..So for you one way to think about it is when do you want to enter stage 4.  You're a lot further along in recovery than you might think.  You're not setting yourself up for failure.  You're setting up for success.  ..It's a personal choice.  I decided to stop drinking in October last year.  That month I vowed to stop drinking as of January 1.  After all why start around the holiday season?  That just makes things harder I told myself.   ..Pardon The Godfather reference but about two days after I made the promise to myself the lightning bolt hit me ha.  I said to myself that I wanted to stop **now**.  And that was that.  ..Maybe take a similar approach.  Set a realistic date but if you wake up one day and the lighting bolt hits you and you feel especially motivated then dive in to the deep end of the pool.  Sure it's a little unnerving but it's also exciting and that can help your motivation.  
Personally quit dates never worked for me. I'd always find another reason to keep drinking. "Okay im starting a new job on (arbitrary date here) and i have a week off between the two jobs. I'll quit during the week off" but then when the week off came it became "oh I have a whole week off. I never have time off. I should use this time to get absolutely wasted without consequence and get my shit together when I start the new job". Then I'd start the new job and my next excuse would be " well i just started this new job. I dont want to have the shakes and possibly seize up again on the job. I'll just keep drinking but try to keep it to drinking just after work." Having a quit date might work though if your planning on going to detox in a hospital or going off to rehab but from person experience I can say that quit dates on my own never worked for me. 
