-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99ir6g/pregnant_update/

I just wanted to check in. Everybody provided me so much support on my first post and I wanted to say thank you. I drank heavily up until my positive pregnancy test. Im 9 weeks on Friday and haven't touched a drop since. It's just now starting to get easier these last weeks. I've started coming home after work and actually cooking and cleaning some instead of getting straight  in bed. People say first semester fatigue is so horrible....but honestly being pregnant and having morning sickness feels better than being hungover. I have more energy now than when I drank. My productivity focus and empathy at work has more than doubled. I just realized these things today and just had to share. There are still struggles but for now I'm focusing on the positive. Life is amazing and I love you all so much. Thank you again for your support!..I had my first sonogram and baby is spot on. We even heard the heartbeat!!! Picture below!!! ...https://imgur.com/gallery/xjbK2jB
----------immediate responses--------

Your child is lucky to have a parent that cares. If your pregnancy is anything like a few of my failed attempts the cravings are going to hit hard once you have your baby. I hope it doesn't happen like that for you but I would be prepared and have a plan for it too...I know there are some folks here who didnt quit drinking until there kids were already gone and relationships ruined. What a terrific gift you have in front of you. Congratulations!
Congratulations AND I think you are the first person I came across on here that can actually say "Yes!" when someone asks "You are not drinking are you pregnant???".LOL!
I needed a lot of support when I was pregnant.  I thought because I didnt drink when I was pregnant  I didnt have a problem.  It wasn't until a few years later that my drinking got out of control.  I wish I had a spent my pregnancy dealing with my alcoholism and developing a relationship with sober moms go help me through the craziness that is to come. Best of luck to you and may you and your little peanut  be well. 
Congratulations!! (: 
Thanks for sharing!
Congratulations! I stopped drinking a few months prior to getting pregnant but I was still not sure if it would be a forever thing at that time. Now that I have pregnancy as an excuse I've had to check my self from getting in the mindset that I'm just doing this for pregnancy and forgetting all that I went through before 9 was pregnant...One thing that pregnancy has helped me do is explore my relationships and activities without drinking. When I first stopped I didnt have the excuse not to drink so I basically hid from all social activities outside of going to work. Now that I'm pregnant I feel more comfortable going out with friends and knowing I have a really good excuse not to drink as well as a very strong mental block on drinking at all. Its helping me get to know my friends better and I can actually remember conversations about them and dont have to pretend any more. It's also giving me the confidence I didnt have before to explore social activities while sober. I have pretty sever social anxiety at times but for some reason the pregnancy has really helped me push past some of that. ..Anyway I keep trying to challenge myself so that I have more ways to connect to people while sober once I'm not pregnant anymore and don't have an automatic reason not to drink. ..Good luck and I hope you have a happy healthy pregnancy!
Congratulations mama!!! I love this story! Best of luck with the lil' one :) Although my first trimester exhaustion was somehow WORSE than a hangover!  You're lucky! 
Thank you for talking about something not enough women talk about. So happy for you :) you're an awesome mom already!
