-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99j4t8/3_days_sober/

Hi all.Long time lurker and first time poster to this sub. I have struggled with drinking to much since my early 20s (33 now). The last year or so I have noticed my drinking progressing to around a 12 pack a night so it is time change.  I used drinking as self medication for anxiety. I have suffered from panic attacks in the past and the last 5 years or so it's more of a general anxiety disorder...A few questions if I may. I am terribly scared of dying  from withdrawal. It's been 3 full days and I feel fine... no shakes or anything. Am I in the clear here?..Another thing... I feel keeping busy but I have thoughts here and there. How long do these take to subside. When I say thoughts I mean about drinking. Unfortunately every facet of my life and my family seems to revolve around beer...Thanks for your time all!!.Good luck  
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;I am terribly scared of dying from withdrawal. It's been 3 full days and I feel fine... no shakes or anything. Am I in the clear here?..We cannot give medical advice on this site. Please speak to a doctor.
You are probably not in the clear yet. It can take a few days for you to have withdrawal symptoms. Then again you might be very lucky and not have withdrawal (I didn't have withdrawal the first time I quit but I did the second time). I would monitor your health and be prepared to see a doctor if you notice anything off...As for thoughts of alcohol yes. It gets easier for most people. I don't think about alcohol much anymore. 
I think about how if you drink even a little you will be a slave you will crave more your thoughts will morph into alcohol related everything.  You will become depressed and anxious.  You will never get to drink as much as you want and that will make you crazy.  You will feel terrible about yourself.  You will do things you regret.  Your choice.  IWNDWYT 
I'm in the same boat. 32 years old drink about 12 16oz tall boys a night and also suffer from anxiety. The anxiety definitely increases the difficulty of trying to quit. I kept drinking because my addiction would tell me "if you stop drinking now you're going to have withdrawal and might die!" and I would use that as a reason to keep drinking. The first week after you stop is going to be rough. For me the first day starts off OK...you have the normal hangover followed by your body trying to "re-calibrate" itself to not having alcohol in your system...dizziness high resting-heart rate breathlessness etc. Once this passes things usually smooth out a bit but don't be surprised if after a few days all these symptoms come back. You're anxiety is going to say "YOU'RE ABOUT TO DIE" and your mind will start making all kinds of connections as to why what you're feeling are symptoms of an underlying medical condition. These will all pass and eventually your brain chemistry will start to balance out and you'll start feeling normal again. It does take time though for some people it's only a few days for others it can be months. It's rough but you'll get through it. 
I will not drink with you today
