-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/99wypk/yesterday_a_relapse_seemed_inevitiable/

I had a hard case of the "Fuck it's".  I was sure there was nothing between me and my first drink...Today I am sober and hangover free...My secret?  I went to bed and slept off the craving...Today is a beautiful day where I am and I intend to enjoy it...Happy 24 everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go! I'm glad you're here with us sober today. Sometimes when I have bad evening cravings brushing my teeth helps derail my brain. IWNDWYT!
Nice Non Drinking Victory! Wishing you many more - one day at a time! I will not drink with you today.
Well done!  Sometimes the best tool in the tool box is to just go to bed at 9pm.
Well done! I've relapsed several times over the last six months after more than a year sober. It's very hard not to succumb to thoughts like Fuck it I'm going to have a drink and I'll worry about stopping tomorrow. Yesterday if I'd had any booze in the house I would probably have caved and was tempted to go out and buy some but I kept busy till the cravings passed which in the event was only five or ten minutes. Putting faith in the knowledge that the more sober time I get under my belt the stronger I will be and the less frequent the cravings. But I need to be wary of my thinking. IWNDWYT.
Good on you! It's pretty hard to sleep and drink at the same time! Sober and hangover free is an awesome way to wake up!
I am a master of the fuck its though didn't realize it til I read your post. Glad to hear about your perseverance. Saying  fuck you  to the fuck its!
Yesterday seemed to have a weird vibe to it.  I also resisted the urge!  Nicely done.
Good for you and I'm glad your fuck it's are gone. I had the fuck it's for a few weeks and I knew a relapse was coming. I figured I had to drink just to change something. It worked but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Sleep is a wonderful cure alll!
It's weird in the beginning there's lots of sleeping or very little. Sleep becomes your new drug when you can get it a way to turn your brain off without drinking.
10 Days for me - I know the 'fuck-it' switch all too well. It is as if the mere thought of a G &amp; Talready makes me feel better before that first warm sip hits my stomach. I try not to stop at the liquor store any more. Weekends off work is a bitch to handle so I try to keep busy. Good luck. Take it minute by minute if you have to...
Nice strategy! I am afraid I'd toss and turn were I not tired enough. There is 24 hour McD's where I live now so I could get some Chicken McFuckits to eat instead of alcohol.
Good for you! Big thumbs up!!
Hell yea. Sleep is a beautiful thing.
I had a close call just a couple days ago myself. Just need to keep doing the right thing and keep sobriety a priority.
I have done that sleep is a great mind resetting tool. Nothing worse than walking around in circles of the house sweating and salivating to drink and not wanting to drink. Glad you made the right decision! It only gets easier with time. My cravings have disappeared. But at around 30 days I was craving bad they come and go some people say around the 90 day mark another comes. Take care.   IWNDWYT
I completely get the nap thing! I'm 9 days sober (I've been sober before for about 5 months but relapsed and had a rough 6 months of straight drinking losing my job hurting the people around me etc.) but I've found that frozen sour gummy bears or worms cure my cravings for the most part. Sobriety is hard. EAT GUMMY WORMS! IWNDWYT. 
..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Stop buying and Do not keep any at home that's how I did it. 
