-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a306n/just_had_the_scariest_thing_happen_to_me_thus_far/

I was in a meeting and this guy I'd seen many times before apparently relapsed (he has been talking about a recent break up and how heartbroken he's been and how the woman is now afraid of him and avoiding him etc.) and he kept talking about how he couldn't wait to get out of the meeting and go have like 5 or 6 margaritas and then some methadone(?) and all of the sudden I started feeling this woozy sweaty feeling come over me. I tried taking some deep breaths  and saying to myself over and over "this too shall pass this too shall pass" but as he kept talking I started feeling more and more like I couldn't breathe and I was dripping sweat and felt like I was going to pass out/throw up. I had to get up and run out of the meeting...I sat on a bench right outside for a few minutes because I could barely see but after a few minutes I then got up and just started walking home from there (I usually take the subway even though it's not super far) because I physically felt overwhelmed and like I couldn't be anywhere near there for another second. I have *never* experienced something like this before this badly. It seemed like it was directly related to this man what he was saying. Like maybe because I also have been recently going through a hard breakup? And I have felt super super fragile also with all the old childhood trauma that is coming back in little shards of thought/flashbacks? I don't know what happened to me but I felt singularly *out of control* and it almost reminded me of being drunk weirdly. I am just now starting to feel somewhat normal again. Jesus that was so awful...Scary fucking shit. Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Sounds like a panic attack!! You seem to have handled it very well... especially for having one at work! I'm impressed! 
Sounds like a panic attack.  They're really common and not dangerous.  They feel like shit though.
I am personally amazed that discussing things such as specific cravings are acceptable in recovery meetings of a roomful of addicts...?  I'm sorry this happened it does sound like a kind of panic attack- i hope you feel more settled soon.  It can be overwhelming to feel in a place of safety and suddenly be hit with a  threat'.  But you're going to be ok.  You have tools friends and a strong inner warrior that is healing you every day.    big Love friend.  We're here too.  
Glad you worked through safe!
Hey you made it through. That sounds like a super tough moment of panic and temptation.  But you stayed strong.  You are okay now.  The feelings will pass and you'll still be sober.  IWNDWYT 
I actually had a similar experience at a meeting. It was very scary. I'm glad you're listening to your body resting eating and taking care of yourself. It's hard emotional work on all levels to reacquaint yourself with you. 
Classic panic/anxiety attack. Comes with the territory especially if you've not been sober "long"..My anxiety went down after the first year but I still got and still do get depressive episodes. I've been on a slew of medications to help with it but the first 6 months of sobriety were rough. Anxiety out the ass. 
You might try learning tapping as a technique. I've used it sometimes  when I get overwhelmed that way. It's weird seeming but can help take you mentally out of the panic spiral as your brain refocuses. If I can get to a space where it's feasible I put my legs up against the wall and breathe for a few minutes. I also take CBD oil which is non-psychoactive and that has made a huge difference. It stops my panic attacks though I don't know how. I have a prescription for Xanax but I haven't had to take it despite feeling the start of attacks more than a few times this past month. This is great because I'm so scared of benzos that I'll usually just suffer straight through an attack rather than take that.
