-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a38a9/can_my_dog_want_me_to_stop_drinking_serious/

I'm on an up-and-down struggle to stop drinking.  I typically drink at the same time and place in my home every night.  I also have a wonderful golden retriever that I spend most of my days with.  We are very close...I just noticed that he definitely acts differently around the time I tend to drink.  He becomes very 'clingy'.  Head down in my lap paws reaching up for me (not jumping just "reaching").  If you have a dog maybe you get what I'm saying.  He suddenly "needs me" very insistently but I am thinking maybe he somehow knows that I need him.  I don't know a ton about dogs in general but I know my dog.  He's got something on his mind for sure...This kind of breaks my heart and makes my day at the same time.  I'm not sure exactly what he's thinking but my heart just bled when the possible connection dawned on me.  I cried.  I never cry not even drunk.  I love my dog.  I think he loves me.  Dogs get us on a deep level.  It makes sense...Don't know if this contributes anything to anyone else out there but it was a pretty powerful experience for me.  Hopefully I'll use it.  Thanks all!
----------immediate responses--------

I believe he would like that very much   
My cat used to do the same thing. I think she knew that I drank cause I was lonely.
I think dogs understand a lot more than we realize. .He knows something's up.  Your dog absolutely loves you and is trying to tell you something. .I think our dogs love us more than we ever could. .I feel you here man..I hope this helps you..Good luck friend
Animals are sensitive to many things we can't fathom. I am sure he could be sensing your feelings and he is aware of how you change. My cat often comforts me when I am sad. It is awesome having such a connection. :)
Dogs know us better than we know ourselves. I really believe he is concerned for you. Take care of yourself x
I really resonate with your post. I believe that you know your dog and your dog knows you. Perhaps your dog knows that you are suffering. This is a really powerful experience and as a sober person with lots of dogs and cats I love that I can give them more attention and walks Etc now that I'm sober. I don't beat myself up for the past because that just leads me back to the drink. Rather I focus on moving forward...Thank you thank you for this post and for inspiring me to be the best pet parent ever. What kind of dog do you have if you don't mind me asking?
Pavlov proved that a routine cue can train a dog to expect the next thing...ring a bell - expect a treat.  So its not too far to say a smart dog could recognize the smell of alcohol and expect you to be lethargic/grumpy/depressed/angry/boring/etc.  And in my experience a dog who cares for you may well worry in its own way for what you are becoming when he smells the alcohol.  Also if you drink hard liquor it may just be worried that you are drinking something that smells like poison.
My dog would often come over and stand very close to my face and sniff me with a worried expression. She does exactly the same thing when I get sick. I don't know how pet logic works but I'll swear up and down that my dog knows before I do whenever something's off with me health-wise. Animals give us so much love and understanding -- they can be a really strong motivator for. staying sober. Best of luck to you and pupface.
I believe this completely. At my worst drinking I adopted a 6-year-old cat. I started to notice we had bad fights when Id be drinking she'd scratch or bite me really bad out of the blue. I denied it at the same time &amp; was like man did I adopt a crappy cat? But since I quit we have not had one spat. Not one. She is so docile &amp; sweet &amp; as soon as I walk toward her she purrs. I don't know if I was loud or stunk to her or what but it's night &amp; day.
Dogs can smell cancer in people. They can sense an epileptic seizure before it happens. They are amazing. If you think your dog is worried when you drink he probably is. Your dog probably knows when you are going to drink before you know it. They are amazing and I'm glad you have that love and support.
My brother's dog will bark and growl at him when he's drunk or on drugs. It's like she's yelling at him...telling him to stop. He thinks it's hilarious but I think it's pretty sad.
I believe our pets know.  ..This song really resonated with me when a fellow SDer posted it months ago.  It made me cry and cry...it still does....thinking about how I was even disappointing my cat.  :(..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-46ZA6njnU
100% my relationship with my dog went from awesome to extremely awesome when I got sober. They're so in tune with us. I know he loved me before but he loved someone that hated himself. Now he gets to love someone who loves himself.
He's the good boy.  You got a great cheer squad right there! 
annnnnndddd now I terribly miss my dogs again. Glad you have him in your life. Dogs are amazing companions. ..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
My dad was in the dregs of his bottom when I was like 10. We had a golden/Aussie mix who lived with him (we'd stay with him on weekends. He was messed up because my mom left him)...I remember so clearly how much the dog hated him getting drunk. And he wasn't an abusive drunk. He never hurt any of us - he'd just get weepy and emotional and want to drive around. .But she was SO wary of him. ..One night he opened a bag of ruffles upside down and they went all over the floor. He was drunk af. She stayed where she was lying -between him and my siblings and me- instead of getting up to eat the chips like a normal dog would. ..They can definitely tell. 
Yep my dog acted in a similar clingy way.  Your dog knows what is going on.
Not drinking related but a couple more personal examples of how attuned dogs are: ..* i had a golden retriever for nine years.  He never barked. Ever. I didn't think he knew how. EXCEPT for this one time.  He barked at my then-fianc  who would later turn out to be manipulative and abusive. ..* years later... I was dating someone and had to tell him that I was pregnant and not going to keep it. This devastated and infuriated him. There wasn't a lot of yelling or drama.  Our words were quiet but there was so much tension in the house that night. Our normally lovey dopey easygoing boxer cried and howled all night at the top of her lungs. ALL night. .
Yes. Absolutely. ..Dogs just sense and react to energy. Seems like a sixth sense to us. But really it's just their intuition and instinct without a rational mind to cloud them. ..My lab could sense when I was going to drink a good bit ahead of time. And his mood/affect would change. Withdrawn yet overly alert. My drinking made him anxious because my energy changed making me more animated. He didn't like the change even though it often meant more playing...So I believe your dog is communicating to you clearly. 
I had a psychologist who told me dogs know when humans are drinking - they can certainly smell it and I don't think it's a big stretch to think they can sense changing behavior. My boy reaches for me like that too. You have a good buddy. Best of luck to you dude.
Hey there! I inherited my dog from my grandma and he was certainly not super well adjusted. And neither am I but that's beside the point. The point is I knew this pup needed me and that made me evaluate my behavior every night. My dog has been really instrumental in keeping me sober and in no doubt saving my life. And I'm very grateful :)
Our Rottweiler will eat and drink anything including rocks but the only thing she will turn her head from and want nothing to do with is beer or wine (haven't tried with spirit but I'd expect the same). She's also not a fan of people drunk   
This post made me realize that my cat is probably really happy I no longer come home buzzed and try to take annoying selfies with her. 
My dog is much more relaxed now that I am sober. On weekends when I drank extra heavily I would wake up to his face right up against mine watching me. Our fur friends are better off with sober humans. Hugs.  
Yep.  Totally.  That's my dog too.  Crazy to be reading this.  I'm still trying to get sober.  It's super hard.
Not just dogs my new sober friend! We have 3 cats. I love them all but #1 is my Otis. He is the perfect cat. Perfect. Loving friendly to everyone never shy adores The Husband (who is a big scary guy to most animals) playful still loves &amp; grooms the other 2 cats whom I brought home when they were just pitiful tiny kittens who needed a Cat Dad. Back when I drank Otis knew. He fucking *knew*. He didn't like it one little bit. Good for my cat and your dog! They have helped to save us from ourselves!
My cats started sleeping in bed with me for the first time when I quit drinking. They definitely feel better/safer with me sober and I'm much better at being their person. 
I noticed this behavior in my dog. He became much happier and care free when he wasn't anxious about me 24/7. ..My dog never bites but when I'm crying he grabs my hand gently with his mouth. He started to do that when I would get really drunk. Just one of the behaviors that showed he was concerned.
Yeah dogs are pretty smart. My dog used to hide under my desk when my parents were drinking because she knew that things would get rough. They're very attuned to body language and mannerisms and people act a *lot* different when drunk. It's kinda like how if you're a drinker you can notice if someone's even had 1 drink. Dogs have that ability on steroids.
I used to be very short-tempered with my dog when I drank. The smallest thing would set off a spanking. One of the first things she does now when I greet her is prop herself up to smell my breath. I'm convinced she's smelling for alcohol. When I was on a bender and could barely hold it together I noticed my dog would become more alert at sounds outside my apartment and overall take the alpha role. I think this is because she sensed I was "wounded" or in bad shape and needed to protect me. Despite all that she's still there - unconditional love. 
Yes. He loves you and wants you to be well. 
Animals can pick up on your mental state. There are dogs that can sense when someone is going to have a seizure or if your blood sugar is too high. ..So yeah he sees that you are nearing drinking. He feels your struggle. He is fearful. Take a hint. 
