-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a3ot5/one_week_under_my_belt_again_after_a_rough_relapse/

Everything about this past week has been better than last week. I feel more at peace with my life and the abrupt changes I've had to adapt to. I'm able to tackle the hard emotions that come with my breakup and moving so suddenly. Being sober allows me to have everything in life that alcohol takes from me.   It may not be perfect but my life is without a doubt better off when I'm not drinking. I'm excited to start my second week alcohol free once again. Thank you to everyone who posts on here and lets me get some fuel for my sobriety in the form of the support I find here. You're all lovely people. Have a wonderful sober Friday night  
----------immediate responses--------

Way to go on a week! Keep on truckin'! IWNDWYT 
Relapses are tough but when you get back in the saddle at least you know where you're going. Hang in there... IWNDWYT!
I'm so glad you decided to stay on the sober path.  Good job!
I am so happy you are back at one week.  I drank last weekend after 115 days of sobriety and am still feeling a little unbalanced 6 days later.  I can't believe I used to do this to myself all the time over and over and over...It sounds like you are in a good place mentally which makes a world of difference.  Wishing you all the best and sending you a big internet hug!
I started drinking again a few months ago. I was offroading scouting for a camp spot and I ran across a couple stranded. Their battery was dead and i gave them a jump. They were super grateful and offered me a beer. At first I declined but they insisted and i took it out of courtesy. Once i left i put it in my cup holder and went on my way scouting the mountain.i kept looking at it and eventually i caved. "Fuck it whats 1 beer?" I felt that itch as soon as i finished. I needed to have more. Im ashamed to say but i found some people camping and asked of they had a beer to sell. They didn't thankfully. The following weekend I went camoing with a buddy. As we were shopping for supplies we went oassed the beer section and bought 2 12 packs. No biggie right? Thats so little compared to how I used to drink. On the trip I drank 90% of those beers and left my buddy dry. Then i just started my old weekend routine...1 IPA here wont hurt? Then 1 stout. Then full on wastedness. Its been like that way every weekend for the passes 8-9 weeks. I started noticing  my old drunk/hungover behaviours surface again(being short snapping and just plain old peice of shit) today is my first weekend im not drinking. I need to grt back to the sobercalmer more rational me. Glad your back on the wagon. 
Thank you for this. I agree this week was so much better than last week. Looking forward to another sober week with my family next week. No shame of drinking in front of my wife. Of going to a liquor store at 9am because a wine cooler isn't really drinking. No more shame of my wife rolling down the window in the car because I smell like booze. No thanks. 
Keep going and dont touch the first drink I will not drink with you today.
