-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a83u2/does_anyone_else_get_triggered_to_drink_after/

Hello warriors I\`m having this strange urge to drink after I read SD posts and not even on specific topic but just in general either reading success stories or relapse stories I get this urge...I cant be the only one to get there...right? I\`m confused.... I HAVE SD SO MUCH I READ IT DAILY. I\`m currently 38days sober and didint relapse from reading sd posts but the urge to drink more often than not comes not a big urge but a lets say medium-intensity urge.
----------immediate responses--------

That's never happened to me.  But when something does trigger me I try and take a break from it and think of something I can do to help support my sobriety.  ..Maybe thinking about not drinking is getting you down?  What other things in life trigger you? When do you feel relaxed and not triggered?  Sometimes asking myself these kinds of questions help guide me...Best wishes to you.  
No...If anything I believe that SD (in my case) helps to stop cravings and keep me sober...If I read a tough post (ie: relapse) it's a reminder that I feel for that person and never want to go back there...If I read a positive post (ie: enjoying better health) I'm proud of OP and I remind myself that I too and enjoying better health because I'm sober...You mention that boredom is a trigger; do you have any hobbies?.
SD has helped me stay sober overall but occasionally when there is an in depth description of someone's daily craft beer habit I can relate and my heart starts beating pretty fast and my mouth waters a bit...But like someone here told me yesterday during the early days almost everything is a trigger.
Yeah sometimes. Not always. Less so the longer I go.
Yes. My triggers are the posts on relapse after long-term sobriety (what's the point? you're never free) and loneliness (I am sick of being lonely). If I think it through though I realize I am not free when drinking and I am lonely even though I am drinking. 
Yeah for me too. But only lately when now I'm feeling extra weak in all arenas of my life. But these posts are still more positive than negative...I think I just want these thoughts to go away entirely and coming here reminds me that NOPe - you are here for a reason. It's be cool to never worry about drinking again. Like I don't worry about alien abduction ... like at all. But I worry about slipping up - a LOT. ..So I read through there for support but I am already triggered and weak. So it's and egg/chicken thing for me. And ... I'm just easily triggered these days. 
Yes what dog_fart_tacos and also because there's always someone who started sobriety later or had a worse drinking problem. It can be easy to fixate on those stories to minimize our issues. 
Only when people post about certain types of alcohol and their old habits. ..Go through my posts and find the ones on my friend Jeff a 25 year old who turned green and died two days later from liver and kidney failure leaving behind a young wife and a heartbroken family. Stuff like that certainly does not trigger me to drink this fucking poison that kills people. 
I never considered moderating until I read about people I knew on here convincing themselves to try moderating.  Then I started getting thoughts hitting me too-  and I'm happy that happened because in my theory they would've likely come at me anyways at some point.  So I buckled down and did some research- right here on SD i searched it up and read about so many tales of people's mindset before and after moderating and it shored me up.  Gave me strength- I worked through it and made my resolve and knowledge on the issue stronger.  I refuse to fall for that trap.  And I know why too.  So yeah- I agree with your point but I think it's necessary and this is also a safe healthy space to confront all the temptations and deal with them sooner and become strong rather than get hijacked later.  
Yes. Especially the "I'm doing fine moderating" or posts from people who had it worse or "relapse is a part of recovery". ..I've been here for a while and I also used to be triggered by people who don't take sobriety seriously (kind of "day 3: I re-stocked my liquor cabinet for guests and am going to an all-day coke-and-alcohol orgy but I won't drink. Wish me luck!")...I guess the urges would have happened anyway but I choose to blame SD.  Over time it actually helped me to keep on reading analyse what's actually happening in me and deal with those emotions.
I don't. They actually keep me from drinking. I'm sorry that's happening for you. 
