-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9a9pxy/an_afternoon_party_from_hell/

70 days with zero alcohol feels amazing.. I'm a different person.. generally fitter and happier all round and pleased to say not struggling with cravings now...Then this afternoon we go to a family birthday party bring your own drink.. no worries I'll take some Coke Zero I'm driving anyway so that'll avoid the why you not drinking routine.. I've have now come to the understanding that I can't bear being around drunk people like literally my anxiety was through the roof and I'm not an anxious person!.As family members were getting drunker and drunker louder and more obnoxious I had visions of it all kicking off and just wanted to be gone! We left before they decided they were going on a pub crawl and the why you going now don't be boring started.. .I was one of those that would act and talk like that 70 days ago but I'm not now and struggle to handle it....Is it best to stay clear of such events or go to more to get used to it? .I definitely won't drink with anyone today.. or tomorrow  .
----------immediate responses--------

Best to stay clear - no interest in hanging out with wasted people. Sober places and people.
I have hung out with my drinking friends since I stopped. It doesn't bother me 99% of the time but if I can sense them about to go off the rails in anxiety inducing fashion I just remove myself before they get started. ..However the obnoxious party scene is not for me anymore. I hang in more casual bar settings mostly or at our small house parties. 
I am not sure about what the answer is. I thought I was doing really well and went to my friends wedding with our group of friends and was fully prepared for the questions although most people knew I didn't drink anymore. Anyway long story short I went through the same as you and just felt anxiety building and building. When I got in the car to come home I felt such relief. I think it just catches you sometimes and I also think the amount of time spent there has a big role eg. How long were you at the party? In some way it triggers a flight response where you just want to get out of there and get calm and safe .and yet you know that in the not too distant past you would have been an all night party person.... it's strange to have constantly changing perspective on things / events / people you have known for a long time
I take the 'Irish goodbye' approach. Just disappear. No one knows you've gone...
I also cannot bear being around drunk people.  They don't realize they are slurring their words repeating themselves and getting too loud for the room.  The only way to tolerate that is to get drunk with them which is why I want to get away as fast as I can...I try to limit my social encounters when I know heavy drinkers will be there.
