-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9abhtm/a_bit_of_a_rant/

1am 50th day. .Yesterday was one of the hardest days. ..A lot of this struggle is invisible to other people. They don't know the private hell of it. Having to stay vigilant. Am I tired? Am I hungry? Am I lonely? Am I angry? Could this craving be situational? Is it Post Acute Withdrawal Symptoms? How long will it last? Why is everyone else out having fun and drinking and I'm home alone? ..Checking this Subreddit multiple times a day to find motivation and a boost to get me through to the next checkpoint. Get through work. Get through this hour. Get through this day. ..I had to throw out a full bottle of mouthwash and buy a non alcohol version...Having to pick and choose which social events I attend based on how triggered I feel at the time. Feeling guilty for not going out to see the band with my friends that actually want my company. The girl I liked would have been there too. ..If I can still feel like this after 50 days sober how bad is alcohol? Very bad. Bad enough that I don't want to drink anymore. Even if I wanted to drink I don't think I could. I've come too far. It wouldn't be a good experience. Reading peoples heartbreaking relapses on here is evidence enough for that...I'm going to try and sleep now and hope tomorrow is a better day. ..Peace and love. x.
----------immediate responses--------

hope you get some good rest - and just think tomorrow at 7am you'll be feeling good!
Sleep well and enjoy your hangover-free morning!
These days are hard we are unlearning habits behaviours and tastes that we spent (in my case 15) years acquiring. They will pass.
Hey u/Fyresayle I made this post at about the same stage as you .https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/86q4bx/8_weeks_and_it_feels_like_forever_when_will_it_be/..I hope it and some of the responses give some encouragement and help you through this part of the process it is tough but you are doing it! And it will get better! You are doing so well so far kudos to you for the choice that you've made to stop drinking and maintaining that keep coming back here and suddenly it will 6mths then a year etc..IWNDWYT
[removed]
thank you for posting and happy you're here. it is easy to think everyone is out having fun when theyre drinking and I totally get the lonely part too (currently in bed at 7pm on a Saturday watching a movie). last night I was woken up by a couple drunkenly shouting at each other outside my window. they do it every single weekend. they say the cruelest things to each other then they slam doors and make a whole scene before eventually retreating to their apartment. since i've been sober I hear them often. i never did before.  i notice things now. when i take the train weekend mornings around 7 am to workout i see those who haven't slept. the people in line at Walgreens buying Gatorade and advil. the ones on my way home from work starting to drip out of the bars. those who have elected to begin the cycle all over again sitting down in wirey chairs on sidewalks where it is somehow ok to do so at 8am (as long as you post about it on instagram).  I think about the one I don't see the ones up in hotel rooms or their own rooms drinking something to erase the night before. the ones sitting next to the hydrants on the filthy sidewalks begging for enough to buy more. sure they may have more plans than we do when the clock strikes \_\_\_\_  but that doesn't mean those plans are leading them to where they need to go. i started a local sober meet up through [meetup.com](https://meetup.com) and the first meeting is tomorrow. in a week and a half we have 37 members. I would suggest something like that to help with the loneliness. we are all in this together. hope this helps &lt;3 
I don't know it matters to you but posts like yours are hopeful. I want to be where you are in 51 days and I hope I have your level of courage to make it that far. Hopefully you make it much further than 50 says but more than that I hope you'll keep making hard decisions that you know will make your life better.
I am right there with you. Didn't have a good day today. I made it but I went to an NFL game and it was rough.  I am still tired as hell cranky and had some pretty strong cravings. ..Hoping for better days ahead. IWNDWYT!
Building a new life is hard (as an adult and without the chemical that used to support us). Those of us on this sub are right there with ya and as someone who has a few days on you as far as the badge count goes I can tell you that sobriety will slowly feel more normal as the days go by. Remember to keep playing it forward- remind yourself of the reasons you quit remind yourself of how many good days were wasted with hangovers remind yourself of how healthy your body will now be without intentional poisoning everyday. Learn to find new happy times. For me it's clear-headed mornings in my sunroom with my dog and my plants and a hot cup of coffee. I now genuinely prefer this to a few drunken hours of forced happiness. Thanks for your post and much love your way. You're building a better world through the changes you're making to yourself.
I've been dealing with this a lot the past week. It's such an eye opener to me. Even after making it 3 months sober I still heavily crave alcohol some days. And at some times without the common triggers we are used to. But I use it as justification of the problem alcohol really causes in my life. If I wasn't a problem drinker/alcoholic I wouldn't be having these intense cravings. That allows me some motivation to continue on with my sobriety. ..I hope sleep helps and tomorrow offers more peace for you!
