-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ae12i/30_days_why_quitting_even_if_youre_not_sure_you/

Hello lovely people! Strap in this is kind of long. I'm writing in the hopes that this post might inspire people coming up behind me the way so many of your posts inspired me...I actually can hardly believe I'm here making a 30 day post. I am so grateful to this group and I know I certainly wouldn't have 30 days under my belt without all of you. Your honesty generosity kindness and humour are spectacular and I'm very grateful. ..I wanted to post today because I don't have a spectacular dramatic story but I think there are probably a lot of people like me out there. Probably lurking like I did. ..Don't get me wrong I had plenty of horrible drinking drama in my past but I always chalked it up to "my 20s". Here in the middle of my 30s I figured I pretty much had things under control. I wasn't drinking every day I wasn't blacking out and wasn't binging more than a handful of times a year ("special occasions"). After a lot of struggle (clue #1) I had maintained my drinking to two or three times a week with a maximum of a bottle of wine in one night.  Plenty of times I'd only drink half a bottle: that's only 2 giant glasses! And every grocery store in the land sells those big glasses!..From 30 days out that now looks like a lot to me but believe me when I say it is well within the norms of my peer group here. In fact I was drinking considerably less than most of the people I know. (Clue #2)..I'm focusing on amounts not because I think I was so great or so lucky or even because I think the amount someone drinks is the #1 issue. In fact I'm talking about it because I think sometimes it's not. ..I didn't have a big scary bottoming out moment or even one particularly wicked hangover that made me come here. This is what happened. I've spent the last 5 or 6 years trying to get my shit together (all my poop in a scoop as I heard someone say the other day.) I had a rough start a bunch of abusive relationships a good deal of trauma lots of "blow your life up and start over" situations in my past. I did a ton of therapy got myself into a good relationship quit my shitty minimum wage job and started an online business moved into a cheap but cosy rental house with a dog and no insane roommates worked on self compassion and self care stopped losing my phone and passport and started paying my bills on time (95% of the time.) Things got stable. It was a lot of work and a big upgrade and I was proud. But then I just seemed to plateau. ..It was so frustrating. I want to be living my best life but in reality I felt way behind like I was only surviving and I couldn't seem to make any significant changes. My anxiety and depression were creeping back and I had nothing big to blame them on this time. I would start things and not finish them. I couldn't seem to get past subsistence level with my business. I couldn't get myself to take consistent action on any of my dreams. I rarely left the house except to grudgingly walk the dog. I struggled with chronic illness and constant chronic pain. I hated exercise and physical movement. I couldn't make myself meditate. I kept reading r/decidingtobebetter and dozens of self help books. and nothing seemed to help. I just kept breaking every promise I made to myself. ..I was sitting on my couch thinking about what else I could try. In the back of my mind I knew that quitting alcohol was pretty high on the list but whenever I tried to think about it directly I would freak out. For some reason I asked myself that day why my emotional reaction to the idea of quitting drinking made me feel so hysterical when I "didn't drink that much". It seemed all out of proportion and if I was very honest with myself that seemed like clue #3. I come from an alcoholic family and spent a lot of time picture books and pamphlets in the back of open and "family and friends" AA meetings as a small child. I even went to an AA meeting or two in my 20s when things were really dark but always scampered away again. But 30 days ago I started to add it all up and be really honest with myself: ..* I have two chronic inflammation-linked illnesses which alcohol clearly makes worse every single time I drink.* I cannot keep any momentum going in my life .* My hangovers have progressed to where just a couple of glasses of wine can derail a whole week.* My mental health clearly suffers every time I drink.* I don't really have loads of fun when I drink because I'm always worrying about whether I'll stick to my maximum and whether I'll be in pain/useless tomorrow.* I spend so much money I don't have on alcohol and on stupid alcohol-related decisions (takeaways! junk food! taxis!).* Looking (not that far back) into my past I can see a lot of truly horrible moments nights and traumatic events directly linked to alcohol..But I don't want to give it up. Suddenly the math seemed totally fucked up to me and I decided to be done. I wasn't happy about it. I was really sad and scared and anxious. But I did. ..The first week and a half were seriously rough much rougher than I would have expected "at my level". But then things started to rapidly improve. It's only 30 days. That feels like forever but it's really not long and all. I can't believe how my life has changed in a month. Here's a quick list for anyone who has made it this far:..* Sleep instantly better and more refreshing..* I wake up naturally at 6:30 am.* I now have a morning routine with journalling yoga walks meditation the whole nine yards. I tried for almost a DECADE to make this happen and never could. After quitting booze BAM sticking to it. .* My IBS symptoms are reduced by about 80%.* I have long streaks of days without pain. This is a first for years. .* I am exercising so much more. 30 day plank challenge! 30 day yoga program! Hours of walking a day (and my dog is delirious with happiness about this and is way better behaved.).* I'm catching up on all my work and feeling excited about it again after hating and resenting it for the last 3 years. .* MY HOUSE IS CLEAN. I have lived in borderline squalor and hated myself for it my entire adult life. I am amazed that I can finally do this. .* Skin eyes hair teeth all look brighter and better..* I think I'm losing weight but I don't have a scale (old eating disorder) so I don't know and don't really care. ..There's more but what just blows my mind is that before these 30 days I would never ever have known that my life could change this much or so fast ESPECIALLY because I didn't think I was even a problem drinker anymore. I am honestly amazed and so grateful. ..I don't know exactly what's going on in my mind and body which has made it possible for me to do things I never could before no matter how hard I tried. I do know that quitting alcohol (and cigarettes) has felt like a HUGE spiritual shift to me. It's as though I'm starting to truly trust myself for the first time in a way that just was not possible when I was drinking. Maybe it's a big fat placebo but I don't even care. At this point this progress is so precious that I'm not willing to risk it. ..I will not drink with you today!..
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats you're a STAR!..&gt;this progress is so precious that I'm not willing to risk it. ..This is good to think of every single day in recovery - nothing is worth risking our sobriety!.
At one point as I seriously had to start the paragraph over because I thought it was one I wrote previously LOL. But I'm glad you are so happy and seeing so much progress! ..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
Unbelievable how fast and far your life has been transformed. It's a leap into the darkness to give up booze but it's truly life changing. Hope it keeps going so well for you.
I love this. My story is really similar so thanks for writing it for me ;)..Wish we could hang out and be sober friends!!..IWNDWYT!!!!
I too thought "did I write this??" while reading it. I was probably what most people would see as a "normal" drinker. But it still affected my life. ..I've been on a long journey to get my life together - therapy for the past 10 months new hobbies phasing out heavy drinking friends - but still I felt stalled. Then my brother mentioned he had stopped drinking and my sister told me she had replaced her nightly wine with N/A wine. I was like "what? you can just do that?" It was light a lightbulb went off in my head and I wanted to join the cool kids. ..My house is so clean too! If I was having a couple of drinks at night I would just watch TV and not clean. I'm completing more projects. I wake up earlier. And on and on. It's amazing what cutting out alcohol does. 
I'm saving this as a reminder to myself as to why I am where I am today. I can completely relate to this story! I had no idea how I was limiting myself since I was  functional . The reality is that I was living with handicap for so many years. Thank you for sharing!! I am so happy for you  
Thanks so much for your wonderful insperational words everyone. I will not drink with you today  
Thank you for sharing. I've lived in that half-bottle/bottle zone too with negative results. Any amount can be  too much.  IWNDWYT
Thank you for posting this. I relate so much.
Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you!Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you!Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you!  30 Thank yous for each of your sober days which I should probably add 30 more since I just realized you posted this 60 days ago.  It is posts like these that keep me going.  This is my 9th day AF and you just gave me so many reasons to keep going.  IWNDWYT
