-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aexfl/goiqng_to_be_a_struggle_to_stay_sober_today/


----------immediate responses--------

Would it help to talk about why you decided to stop drinking? 
i think that you certainly have been doing it right for the last 20 or so days and today can be no different. think of the tools you have been using and use the same ones today or even add a new one. Once you are cozy in bed healthily sleepy you will know that you have broken through another level and will have a new birthday sober victory trophy   to carry with you in your mind!! Happy birthday! You are doing great! ..100% We will not drink together today on YOUR special day. 
Happy Birthday.  IWNDWYT 
You can do it. Think of it as a gift to yourself. Forget that you have given up something. You have gotten rid of something nasty poisonous and destructive. It was my birthday on Friday. I'm not going to say it was plain sailing it wasn't. Mainly due to the years of training my brain has had to think that I had to drink because it was my birthday. It's nonsense... just keep reminding yourself the reasons you stopped in the first place. Sending love and strength. And happy birthday wishes. IWNDWYT 
Why would you want to pour a toxic addictive solvent all over your internal organs knowing that afterwards you'll sleep badly and wake up feeling like shite regretting having done so and call it a *celebration*?..Sober birthdays are awesome... Happy Birthday!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
OK.  So I'm already worried about that too - mine's around the corner...So I have a plan...I'm going to eat the biggest piece of birthday cake ever.  Even if I have to bake my own cake...Ice cream is in the picture too. ..It's going to be hard because I will have already stuffed myself at my favorite Mexican restaurant earlier in the day but I can do it.   (I will do lunch and not be seated near the bar so I won't be tempted for whatever.)..I'm definitely allowing time for shopping and buying myself a birthday present. Something frivolous...And I'm going to watch My Cousin Vinny (again) in the evening because it really makes me laugh...I hope you have a wonderful birthday that's filled with fun things...&amp;#x200B;
I can't think of a better gift to give yourself than staying sober today.
What are your plans today?  If you have something planned that will make boozing too tempting (like meet up with friends at the bar) can you cancel or change those plans?  This is your birthday and your sobriety &amp; you are in control. 
Happy birthday!     Had a lovely sober birthday in June.   Spend the day with kids and a friend then Dinner and cinema with husband.   Honestly don't think drinking would have made it any better. ..This 1st time is always the hardest/weirdest.  Good luck.  
Happy birthday! You can look back that you began a new year of life on the right path.  You can do this! IWNDWYT 
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday! Mine was at 13 days sober and I did struggle. I thought I was doing well and then in the afternoon cravings hit me hard. I went and got a huge cupcake took a nap and texted my sponsor and made it through. You can too and I promise it's very worth it!!..Happy happy birthday!! Spoil yourself and enjoy it. IWNDWYT 
I'm right there with you on day 26 have been doing great and feeling great but today was hard. I tried eating some of my favorites but still thought about it... Maybe just one... But I know where that has led before. So close to a month... Things just irritated me &amp; I really didn't get to do anything I enjoy. Had a whiny kid &amp; grumpy boyfriend. Tried to chill &amp; now I'm trying to go to bed with my thoughts. Great job on today I relate to the struggle. Happy Birthday. 
