-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9agv9e/relapsed_last_night_but_also_learned_something/

So I relapsed last night after 5 days sober and boy am I paying for it today. I did realize however that I don't know how to handle stress besides drinking and binge eating. It's something I have to work on but at least I've identified a problem. ..How do you guys deal with stress?
----------immediate responses--------

I garden (it's fascinating to see the day to day changes) or play/cuddle with my cats and remind myself everything is gonna work out ok. If there's some small step I can do I will. Sometimes I smoke a little weed.
I am an avid reader and running helps.   I am starting to meditate...I heard that is good stress reliever. 
I avoided it as much as possible early on this stint of sobriety which I know is not possible in everyone's circumstance but it helped get some days under my belt while dealing with the physical symptoms. I gave myself a license to not feel bad about being flakey socially/not doing things that are good for me but ultimately stress-inducing/keeping an all around low profile. ..Once I had gotten past the physical symptoms which were a big trigger to drink unto themselves I slowly eased myself into acting more like my normal self. But giving myself a lot of leeway and understanding that focusing on sobriety was more important than attending to whatever stressors were in my life at the time. ..Sobriety is difficult and you'll feel like a crazy person for a while. Realizing that it's OK to change my routine a bit to account for feeling off and not feeling bad about it was helpful. 
I try to get some exercise in daily it really helps. I also attend AA meetings or talk to someone else who is going through the same thing I'm going through. Meditation is also a good one. I know what you mean about stress. It's a big trigger for me and it sneaks up on me before I know it. Thanks for sharing today this helped. IWNDWYT.
I try to deal with it.. also to take these stress challenges one at a time. Not to let them pile on. 
I got sober in AA...AA is about the whole disease the drinking and the negative emotions that come along with it.  I have seen so many people come in angry and bitter and slowly become happy and grateful...AA save my life...Good luck
Weightlifting has worked well for me. It's good for your health and usually whatever is bothering me is gone after I'm done. I find it very meditative. Can't think about a lot else with weight on your back or over your head. 
