-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9al5ih/i_miss_drinking/

....Or do I? My head is all over the place and I'm finding it harder to talk myself down from the desire to drink again.  ...This is confusing to me as I have reached 90 days today and I presumed maybe naively so that the further away from my drinking days I got the easier it would be to stay away from the stuff. I think part of the reason is that I originally committed to 100 days alcohol free  (which I will definitely make no question about it) and now that those 100 days are coming to a close I'm anxious about what to do next. My mind is running overtime with the thought of getting wasted again. Planning my first night out. Getting that buzz. The whole play of getting ready pre-gaming at my place with some drinking friends then hitting the bars and...We all know the rest. I think I miss all of that. But then my mind is also riddled with doubt and anxiety over the fall out that first hangover the regret I KNOW I will have and the pretty sure fire way I will continue to binge drink and follow the same old patterns every weekend afterwards even though I'm trying to convince myself that I will only allow myself to do it once a month.   ...I guess I'm struggling with the feeling of this being a forever thing. Do I want forever? I REALLY don't want to and can't go back to that mindless way of drinking again. But I also miss that recklessness that relief that buzz that feeling of just saying 'fuck it' and heading to the bar. I need this next year to sort out my shit and my life.  ...I think I'm just getting bored. I know the benefits and good things in my life FAR outweigh anything a night out could give me. And that is why I feel so stupid. I know the right thing to do and I know the shitty consequences and how the future will unfold from the minute I take that first sip. So why won't my mind accept that? I'm tired of thinking about it.  ...I'm thinking about committing to another batch of time after these 100 days are done with. But then I'm scared I'll be missing out and I'll regret my choice because I'm stubborn and won't want to look like a failure if I make a grand declaration of more sober time then fuck it up by drinking again. Will the desire to want to drink continue and keep my head battered for however much longer I choose to abstain?  ...I chose 100 days originally as I thought it would be long enough to give me that distance and to establish and feel all the goodness of a sober way of living. These thoughts are constantly there but they are heightened every Saturday without fail and it's all I can think about. I can get through the week no problem and feel amazing because I'm not hungover and feeling like shit every day. But the minute the weekend hits the mind works overtime. I think I'm bored and need to start planning things to do at the times I know I will be tortured by thinking about drinking.  ...I spoke with an old drinking buddy last night and I was telling him that I'd be drinking again in 10 days and how excited I was and even as I spoke the words I felt sick with the thought of going back to that place and the fall out. I'm so doubtful and confused.  ...It's all messy and I feel stupid because I KNOW the answer! I just wanted to see if anybody had any advice for me. People who have maybe been in a similar situation or who have reached this amount of time and gone further with it. Will it get easier? What did you do to push through? Any advice from any of you amazing people would be greatly appreciated. You are all absolutely inspiring and amazing to me. This is so fucking hard. Thank you for being here. This place is so beautiful and full of inspiration. Apologies for my ramblings. I just needed to get this down and off my chest. Thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

