-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aprdc/okay_i_fucked_up_time_to_reset/

Awaiting badge renewal.  I went strong all week last week.  Loving the sober life but Saturday I decided to drink.  Which lead to me drinking last night.   I remember thinking "I have this I've been good I can have one drink" WRONG..Truth is I hate this and don't even want to do it.  Its not even that I do stupid shit anymore (while drinking) but it just causes me such mental shame/agony.  I get down on myself so much when I drink...I quit smoking in January and havent had one since.  When trying to quit them I'd get the same shame when I relapsed.  This is how I know I truly dont want to do this. ..Looking back on your progress is the greatest motivator and whenever I have that stupid thought crack a bottle open I'll remember how far I've come. ..
----------immediate responses--------

That happened to me as will. When that little voice says" go ahead it's o.k. you can handle it you've been so good" and a million other things. I now know it's the alcohol devil on my shoulder so I swat it off. HA HA. Glad your here forgive yourself and move forward- it has happened to many of us.IWNDWYTD
Glad you're here with us and sharing :) I've certainly had my slips good on you for coming back before you'd gone away for long. ..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT :) 
I'm right with you. Left an AA meeting and after 2 months of sobriety I went to the liquor store. The entire drive I was begging myself not to go and I still did. The girl behind the counter even asked where I'd been. She probably thought I was dead. Let's do this. Fuck alcohol. It's the devil. No drinking today
I quit smoking for good several years ago and it's that experience that tells me I can also quit drinking and in due time the urges will subside until my  right mind  will   properly   see no upside to doing it at all. ..Today if you offered me a choice of a cigarette or a ball-peen hammer blow to my hand I'd be all  Hmmmmmm....  I know someday I'll finally feel that way about alcohol too. Not yet today but someday. Someday I truly won't miss it anymore. 
