-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aq8sa/silent_suffering/

Every single day I live with this silent suffering. Carrying these secrets. Not just about the drinking but the guilt and shame of it all. About how unhappy I am with myself and the person I am. I want so badly to be free of the guilt and shame. To feel good about myself. I feel so out of place among others. As long as I can remember I've felt like I don't fit in  among others. I am socially awkward and as a result I have no desire to socialize. Of course the only way I feel even remotely comfortable in social settings is to drink. I prefer to stay home and just be alone because it saves me from the discomfort of feeling out  of place like an outcast. I know I hide it from those around me. I feel like those close to me.... family friends even my husband...have no idea how much internal distress I feel. I've tried to explain but no one understands. Meds don't help. Talking to a stranger (therapist) makes me feel worse (it makes me feel embarrassed that my brain is wired this way and no amount of talking through it helps). Only my husband and immediate family know I struggle and even they don't grasp the extent of it all. I don't think it will ever get better and that just sucks. Alcohol is the only thing that gives me some relief but obviously that's not healthy. I know it truly only makes it worse but literally NOTHING helps. I feel like I'm at my wit's end. I don't know where to go from here. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your post sounds like me totally . However I pushed myself to go to an AA meeting and met some lovely older ladies who totally took me under their wing and honestly I havent looked back .I have social anxiety to and only started meds for the first time a few months ago...I don't know if its the meds AA  taking responsibility for myself or a combo of everything but I feel good and feel like I'm doing well...One day at a time !
For years I thought I drank in order to ease my social anxiety. It blew my mind when I realized **my alcoholism was causing my anxiety**. Now that I have quit it has gone down to normal levels and I manage it with daily meditation and exercise.
Nobody should ever suffer in silence and I'm sorry you're feeling this way...You mentioned that you spoke with a therapist and it made you feel worse; have you thought about speaking with a different therapist?...Meetings helped me to 'come out'; I couldn't believe that there were other people that feel just like I did!...There is nothing to be ashamed of. We suffer from a disease and only *we* can make the decision get and stay sober in recovery....I sincerely hope that you receive help you don't deserve to be suffering in silence my friend.
I can relate as well.  If you've been drinking for a while the alcohol may be contributing to it as well.  I have always felt uncomfortable around people that I don't know well and use alcohol as a lubricant in social settings.  I've noticed that as I've gotten older my anxiety and social uncomfortableness has been getting worse.  Over the past 12 months  I've been experimenting with stints of sobriety.  Prior to that I had worked myself up to a nightly 1 to 1.5 bottles of wine over the course of 15 years.  Not a stumbling drunk but definitely in problem territory.  Prior to last Friday I had stopped drinking for three months and was starting to feel less anxious overall.  In fact I was surprised how positive I was feeling about life myself and how I wasn't brooding all day.  How I was able to handle some stressful situations that typically would cause me to obsess and brood for hours just slipped away easily.  I had started sleeping through the night w/o waking up in the middle for two hours of racing thoughts.  Then Friday night I relapsed.  I didn't drink myself to blotto but I did drink 1.5 bottles of wine and woke up with the familiar headache drymouth malaise feeling.  That was expected but what really hit me like a train was that I woke up at 4 am Saturday - got out of bed and started pacing the house like a caged animal.  The stress anxiety panic feeling was overwhelming.  Nothing had changed between Fri and Sat except for the hangover.  I wasn't even stressing about anything in particular - I just felt agitated.  It's been 48 hours since then (with no boozing) and I am just now starting to feel the twinge of calmness returning.  I read elsewhere in r/stopdrinking that it can take up to a week for the calmness to return.  I realized this week-end that for me - hangxiety is real and intense.  I think the anxiety hit me harder than usual b/c I had cleared the baseline of it.  This may be the trigger that finally makes me stop drinking for good.   I had thought that booze was only a problem for the embarrassing situations when you are drunk - now I think for me the problem is more for the post drinking mental state.  On to another sober day I go.  Hang in there - you are not alone.  
Here's the thing we are all weird and awkward in our own ways.  Even that person who seems to radiate self confidence has had moments of doubt and   did anyone see that?!?   when they trip or say something they perceive as  wrong'. ..So many people use booze as a confidence builder. I was one of them.  In being sober for two years it's the first time in my life I've felt actual real confidence plus I now have the ability to laugh at myself as opposed to wanting to shrink away to nothing and disappear when shit goes wrong or I'm in a new uncomfortable situation ..Alcohol is a depressant. Don't ever forget that. Nothing about it will ever help you feel better or stronger long term.   
