-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9arhf7/cyclical_anxietydepression_driving_me_crazy/

I have been having really extreme cyclical anxiety/depression for the better part of the last year. I stopped drinking in Oct. 2017 because it was clear I was using alcohol in an attempt to self medicate and it wasnt doing me any favors. I just kept drinking more and more and never felt any better. Except when I was drunk. ..I've been working with my dr and a therapist. On meds. Trying to eat better work out meditate etc. I will do really well for a while- then I stop doing everything that makes me feel good. ( I know I am doing it and what will happen- I keep doing it anyways) I can usually skate by and feel good for a few days maybe a few weeks like that and then it hits me again. ..Right now I am in a down spot. I really just wish I was at home sleeping. I dont want to drink but I see its appeal. I know why I did it for so long. I just want to finally get to the point where I get this all regulated the right way. Its been a long path and I am getting tired of it. Every day of not drinking gets me closer- but man sober life can be really freaking hard. ..I had my first appointment with my therapist on Saturday. I am hopeful that it will help but now after my first appointment- I am suddenly feeling very skeptical of the whole process. I am generally quite optimistic but my inner pessimist is rearing its ugly head. ..Just wanted to share. The struggles continue and mental health problems really really suck.
----------immediate responses--------

I have experienced a lot of what you're describing so at the very least you're not alone here!  Discovering the state of my mental health has been a roller coaster to say the least.  Sending you strength and positivity today friend.
I hear you so much. All of it. I have my first intake appt for a new therapist on Wednesday; haven't been in therapy for years now and am nervous but really hoping for some good to come of it. I know it's not much but here in solidarity for you man. You're doing fucking GREAT. Hugs. &lt;3 
[removed]
Don't be afraid to change therapists.  I've had some I really didn't care for I felt their advice was not helping much.  For me group was more helpful with one on one when needed.  
