-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9asbza/why_do_i_make_things_so_hard/

Almost two weeks ago I was on my way to the hospital bc of my drinking. I really do believe that if I didn't visit my Dr. that day and asked my wife to take me to the ER I wouldn't be here. I've been in IOP and am happy with the program.  I feel so much better  mentally and physically. HOWEVER I am still struggling to get rid of these self destructive thoughts (not self harm). Why?? .I'm not wallowing in self pity just curious. Why am I making things so hard on myself with my behavior patterns and negative thinking??  I have scheduled an appt. with a therapist outside of my IOP but he is two weeks away. I have picked my old hobbies back up and started spending extra time with my family.  They are also helping me slowly start to recognize my old self again..I have no intentions of drinking but the pattern of thinking that lead me there still exists. Does that make sense? . I'm coming to you guys because I'm sure at least one of you has been in my place and found a way out of it.  Tell me something! ..Thank you for letting me rant...IWNDWYT!! 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm with you. That's EXACTLY how I am. I think for me it's that alcohol is and has been my one and only coping mechanism. Anytime something bad goes wrong I have no idea what to do besides drink. Obviously that's a serious problem. But I think that's why we have those thoughts. At least for me that's what it is. 
I don't really know.. think it is just the nature of the beast. Just keep on trucking... your doing great. 
The expectation that one's life is going to turn around and be perfect after 14 days is not all that high. It is all about progress since perfection is not attainable. It's all about just hanging around long enough for the good stuff to happen. From what I have seen sometimes it does and sometimes is doesn't but still no reason to drink.
I've been listening to the 'Dharma Punx' podcasts recently - it's a meditation-based approach with a bit of psychology and neuroscience thrown in and I'm finding them really helpful!..It takes some work to undo all the broken thinking and ingrained patterns of behaviour that have often been there since childhood but that's what recovery is all about - it's replacing the *unconscious* programme with a conscious one and recognising that *You* are not your *thoughts*... you can't necessarily control what random thoughts pop into your head but you can *observe* them and decide how you respond to them!..Keep up the good work!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
There's an apt saying: I can't think my way to sober living but I can live my way to sober thinking...It's the emphasis on Action...I engage regularly in choices and behaviors that produce an Unimpaired Life and my thinking will follow along...Says differently I had to BE sober even ewhen my mind wanted to drink.  I did that each day and finally my mind started thinking sober!
[removed]
