-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aszg4/how_to_deal_with_buying_rounds/

I stopped drinking about three months ago after years of shitty binge drinking. I'm 24 so I do still go out to pubs bars and clubs with my pals and dabble in a soft drink or lime and soda and still have a great time. However I struggle with people buying me drinks in rounds or just buying me drinks when I can't buy them a round back . My drink will often cost 1/4 of the price of an alcoholic one and people are happy to order for me and pay but I am reluctant to do the same or I would have a very expensive night but can't repay the generosity that I would like without going the whole hog. Often its loud or busy so it doesn't make sense either for me to order separately or they get there before I do. How do people deal with this as I don't want buying drinks to be so one sided! I want to treat my friends but its so unequal because of the difference in price - particularly in London!
----------immediate responses--------

I wouldn't feel too bad about it. Generally speaking most NA beverages cost next to nothing. Where I work a soda water costs 83 cents. I don't think you're putting too much pressure on your pals wallet by getting an NA beverage. 
Maybe you help out in other ways like steer people into ubers and make sure they get home safe? It's nice that they want to get your beverages but buying rounds isn't really your wheelhouse anymore and you have other ways to be generous that are really useful. :-)
I doubt anyone who's drinking cares about the cost of your soda and expects payback. You could however tell whomever is buying thanks and you'll get the tip. ..And good on you for being able to stick to your guns in that environment. 
In Australia it's easier as a woman. I have said I'm not drinking so I won't do a round.. but I will buy some bar snacks to share (to appease my guilt).
Buy some appetizers. You'll save money and they'll be super happy.
