-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9au5na/is_it_inevitable/

Obsession the bug cravings the tic jonesin'... I've had it before and I'll have it again. .."Look you've made it 3+ months you didn't require a rehab or treatment. You love having a beer and doing _____. Maybe you should try wine you'd be more refined. How about a gentleman's drink? If it starts to get rough you can just stop again you know you won't let it get that bad."..I wouldn't even call them cravings more like pestering mind babble. I can watch a guy have a drink in a movie with my mouth watering and swallow the thought with the metallic tang of a chronic hangover still palpable. Some part of me wants a beer a bigger part knows that ain't right. I'm struggling with willpower. Who's been there and pulled through?
----------immediate responses--------

When I get cravings like that I limit myself to three or four choices. So if it happened right now I can either stay on SD watch a movie read a book or tidy up my bookmarks. Alcohol is not an option tonight. Also as always: am I HALT? I usually am at least on of those.
Short answer: yes it gets better/easier...Longer answer:  three things that helped me personally deal with cravings and will power.  ..1.   Turning the light back on the craving.   For me a craving sort of feels like having an interrogation lamp in my eyes with the craving throwing a bunch of questions at me.   One or two won't hurt right?  You've gone a long time surely you've got yourself under control by now?  Wouldn't it feel great?  Who has to know?   When that happens I sort of picture turning the light back around on the craving and making it answer.  Basically just being mindful and examining my feelings in the moment and identifying them.  Turns out the craving doesn't like the light and since cravings usually only last a few minutes by the time I'm done with my  examination  the craving is gone...2. Each time I face a craving or a situation where I previously would have turned to alcohol be it for numbness or celebration and I make it through without giving it it gives me confidence that I can make it through the next one.  Eventually that  muscle  that can deflect the cravings gets stronger and stronger until now it's more like swatting away a slightly persistent fly as opposed to the way it used to feel which was more like trying to shut the hatch in a flooding submarine.  The more times you say  no  the easier it gets...3.  The big one for me was realizing that there is no better version of myself that drinks.  I don't know if you're a comic book person but you know how in those there's always an infinite number of realities and each reflects a different outcome?  I feel sometimes that a lot of us are desperately searching for that one version of ourselves that can do it that wins that can be normal that can just have a few and that would be a better life.  For me it was realizing that that universe doesn't exist.  Or if it does is there really a point in expending the energy effort and time in trying to find this world which in order to find I would likely have to crash through an unknown amount of other versions that could be even worse than the one I escaped from all in an attempt to find a thing that may not even exist?  No I feel like it's much easier and more fulfilling to stay in this one where I know for sure that I'm being the best version of myself that I can be.  That other guy essentially isn't out there and I'd probably just be wasting my life trying to find him...Hope some of that rambling helps but again short answer: yes it gets better...IWNDWYT
[removed]
Not inevitable. I was lucky that my father stopped drinking a few years before I was born and died about 36 years sober. I was lucky because he laid a path for me of what was possible. You are not alone and others have forged this path making it easier for us. 
Only everyone who has tried to get sober. ..I don't rely on my own will power. I joined AA and I have support. If I manage myself great but I want someone to call if I need help. ..Had a bad craving last week. Cleaning out my recently deceased sister's house and found a bottle of tequila. ..Dropped everything and called my AA sponser. Dumped the tequila and finished working. 
