-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9aw8h7/005_percent_beer/

Hi friends. ..I've been gifted some of this and while I gladly accepted the gift I have not tried it since I am hesitant about that .05..Has anyone else tried this stuff? What are your experiences? Do you recommend it? ..Am I just playing with fire? I miss beer and even nearly four years on i'm still struggling with this...Thanks :)
----------immediate responses--------

I tried one nonalcoholic beer and it majorly triggered me.  Not the .05 alcohol but it  .all the mental associations with beer I had worked so hard to break.  Why would I try to recreate an experience that I wanted to be free from? I decided nonalcoholic beer is not for me.  
I'm hesitant too. I know fruit juice often has just as much alcohol as non-alcoholic beer but I do the math and if a non alcoholic beer is 0.5% and say Budweiser or something like that is ~5% that means drinking an NA beer is equivalent to drinking 1/10th of a "real" beer. Obviously I wouldn't even feel it let alone get drunk but I wouldn't want to drink 1.2 ounces of beer. It just feels wrong to me. ..Again it makes no sense because a lot of fruit juices have that level of alcohol and I don't mind them one bit but to me that's like "unintentionally" drinking trace alcohol levels whereas NA beer is "intentionally" drinking trace amounts of alcohol. ..I may reassess the situation and try an O'Douls or something someday but I'm not comfortable with it now. I also worry it might lead me to thinking maybe "just one" real beer isn't so bad which isn't a risk I want to take. 
You're playing with fire. I read an article once where this guy started drinking nonalcoholic beer bc he missed the taste. He ended up hiding cases and cases and cases of it in his garage bc he figured up exactly how many it would take to get a buzz going. He'd only have a couple in front of his family but be sneaking out there. I understand you miss the taste I really miss a good Bloody Mary. And you MIGHT be fine but to me maintaining my life now is more important than being able to enjoy my favorite drink again &amp; possibly fucking up everything I've worked for. You know?
I drunk nonalcoholic beer couple of times. no triggers for me but didnt enjoy it either. But I used hard liquor to get drunk so be careful anyway. I am sticking to my diet coke these days
I used to drink it and it didn't set me off however I don't drink it anymore because I just don't think it's worth the risk. 
Depends on the person but I avoid anything with any alcohol. Trying to change my life. After years of battling this I'm taking it seriously. Someone left kombucha in my fridge and I vividly remember reading the label and deciding against drinking it. I dumped it out because I'm not messing around this time.
 The near beers didn't bother me at all.. and I did drink a few of them but it is expensive and is a pretty poor tasting  experience.  Hell better to have a ginger ale or some of these sparkling waters  they are good and not nearly as pricy. So that is the route I am going on. 
Just to offer the other side of the coin I drink non-alcohol beers because I get tired of drinking kid drinks in the pub. It doesn't take me any closer to drinking beer but if you're worrying about it it's probably not worth the risk. ..They're alright but they're really not that much better than a lime and soda.
If I went 1350 days without it I wouldn't go there.  Personally.  I would stick to what's worked for me so far.  
