-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ayyfq/so_im_need_of_some_gentle_kick_my_ss_and_smack_me/


----------immediate responses--------

Well for me when I'm not sober EVERYTHING in my life is worse: work relationships finances health our name it. Even being social is worse for me when I'm drinking because I usually just end up embarrassing myself. Being the  cool moderate drinking person  is the oasis for me I can never be that person and I'm guessing you can't either. ..Keep at it and give it time to start seeing the changes. ..IWNDWYT 
I guess there's only part of you that wants to stop. The other part doesn't want to. You need to be wholly committed to stopping which means you need to address why the other part of you wants to continue the destructive behaviour. Is it boredom? Fear? Escapism? Find out what it is and address it. A lot of my addictive behaviour stems from fear and anxiety so I need to tell myself not to be afraid and not to hide away.
I was caught with n the same cycle until I asked for support...Tried a recovery meeting?
My prob is anxiety.  I can nail the reasons why I have anxiety.  but can't seem to get rid of them or overcome.  I'm functional so I do better in biz with a buzz.  I know it sounds silly but through and through it's true.  I'm like a scared cat till I drink then all is well with some liquor.  I'm at the self hatred level.  I do so badly want to stop.
If you are not aware read up on kindling and PAWS.  Each attempt and failure to get and stay sober results in a tougher time next fo around.  Once I understood this I decided I had two choices:..1. Just give in and keep drinking on and off until it became impossible for me to stop...2. Get serious and do everything in my power to make this time stick...I know this seems simplistic and possibly obvious... like when people who don't struggle with alcohol abuse say "Well just stop drinking!"  However once I educated myself about this phenomenon it scared the hell out of me and helped keep me committed to getting and staying sober.  IWNDWYT!
Real change is terrifying - because it means getting to know yourself all over again. Who are you if you are sober? That's my thing anyway. 
I'm feeling a very similar sentiment. If you'd like I just posted a letter I wrote myself last night you might find it helpful. Also if you haven't already get ahold of Allen Carr's book on controlling your drinking. It was very helpful for me and I'm about to re-read it in hopes I can get it to stick this time. The battle we all face is really really hard... but it's not impossible. You got this. IWNDWYT.
I completely understand where you are. I was the same...For myself it took 30 years to finally get sick of it enough to finally stop. I heeded every single drunk withdrawal and set of consequences and losses from my drinking to get there...For some of us that's just how it is unfortunately.
Oof. This is hard. Honestly. Just dont stop trying to quit. The biggest thing is to keep that spark alive. ..I still dont know how I made it. I guess waking up every morning hating myself telling myself I wont drink again and then drinking again that same night eventually had its toll. I'm not getting any younger and I just felt like I was doomed to live the same day over and over again until I died. Little by little I knew I was going to have to stop and that my drinking days were numbered. It took me a long time to get around to quitting but the desire to quit was there for a long time. ..It took a few stops and starts and more and more I started to realize that I am a hell of a lot stronger and more capable than I give myself credit for. I soon realized I was able to do all of the things sober that I had convinced myself I could only do with a buzz. But now it was ME doing it and not the alcohol. That was pretty empowering. It kinda set me on a path to figure out how much more I could do. I still struggle. Sometimes I still want to drink just to escape but I have realized- it will all be there waiting for me when I come back and I can either deal with it (sober) or not deal with it (drink it away) and put it off until it becomes inevitable. 
I have to keep reviewing every other day at least. I find my cost-benefit card indispensible and my values clarification review to be key. 
Neuro-associative conditioning. Tony Robbins explains it - and how to use it - in great detail. ..1. Decide you are going to do/accomplish a goal...2.   In your mind (or physically) associate significant pain with not working on that goal right now and associate massive pleasure with working on that goal and achieving it. (For instance see the following happen in your minds eye if you don't quit your shit with alcohol right fucking now - your 10 year old son sitting with your spouse alone just the 2 of them at the end of a long day of your funeral. They've just buried you - you died far too young and really didn't spend enough time expressing your love and devotion to either of them because you were too busy not being present at the bottom of a bottle. It's quiet a crispy fall day and some leaves are whisping past them in a slight breeze. Grey clouds announce a rain storm is coming. Your son and spouse are holding hands silently crying. "Why?" your son asks looking up at your spouse finally. "I don't know baby. I'm sorry - I just don't know..." your spouse responds. The rain starts to fall.) ..3.   Disrupt pre-existing thoughts and behavior patterns when you recognize them happening. (For instance when you feel like you want do down a bottle of booze get up and say out loud to yourself "Stupid drunk might as well take that bottle smash it and stab yourself with the glass cause it's killing you!" whether or not anyone is around - even better if they are people around. ..4.   Establish a new routine/pattern. (For instance after you've disrupted your old pattern drink a glass of water do 10 pushups and 30 air squats and write down what you're doing right now that's moving you forward)...5.   Condition the new pattern/behavior. Reward yourself for doing it change your body smile give yourself positive compliments outloud blast some positive/motivating music while you do it or right after you do it visualize yourself over and over and over again at 1 year of sobriety/10 years of sobriety/30 years of sobriety - create real images of how you look feel family around you other goals you've accomplished etc...6.   Test the new behavior/mindset/pattern. Put yourself in a situation where you must use the new pattern to successfully navigate and continue moving forward. 
Next time it pops up I'd tell that romanticizing booze voice "Fuck off! We don't negotiate with terrorists."
