-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9b0sgo/in_need_of_kind_words_of_support/

This is my first time posting and it kind of felt necessary after months of confusion and anxiety. I grew up with my father as an alcoholic and I guess I just had a very specific picture of what a  problem  was and I didn't think I really fell within that category. ..I find that whenever I start drinking I'll inevitably black out. It happened a lot and it started taking a toll on my relationship. 6 months ago I had a particularly bad incident while my boyfriend was playing a show. After that I came to the conclusion that I did have an issue and stopped drinking. I didn't really have any withdrawal symptoms- I mean I was unfocused and restless trying to fill my time but no physical withdrawal symptoms. So it didn't really feel like a  real issue  ..Then we went on vacation and I drank casually and it didn't really escalate into a problem during those couple of days so I was feeling better about my drinking...Last week I went out with some work colleagues for a celebration and I blacked out. I'm so mortified and upset with myself. I feel so uncomfortable at work now especially because I don't have a close relationship with anyone so being that vulnerable in front of them feels terrifying now. My boyfriend said I seemed like I was having a good time and was in a great mood but I have no idea what I said or did. Im upset with myself because I literally remember thinking before grabbing aanother beer  you've had enough  but I just kept going. ..I guess I've just been having a hard time being nice to myself and was hoping for more insight from people with similar struggles. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am in AA after ending up in the hospital in detox. I've learned a lot about alcoholism and blacking out is a sign that you have the disease. .Think about what you want. Depending on your age you may not experience serious withdrawal yet. But sooner or later you will...If your dad was an alcoholic you are genetically predisposed to it. If you want to get sober seek support. Alcohol kills. And untreated alcoholism always kills. ..The best thing you can do for yourself and find out what you are dealing with and what some of your options are. 
Welcome aboard!..Having a history of alcoholism and addiction in your close family puts you at risk of it too since there is a genetic component to the condition... the [Laundry List](https://adultchildren.org/literature/laundry-list/) from ACoA along with r/adultchildren and r/alanon are a useful starting point for seeing the bigger picture of your own addiction and putting it in context.....Having trouble stopping once you've started is very common... that's just what alcohol *does* to some of us... it doesn't necessarily have to be every time you drink either but the fact that it happens at all is a good enough reason to stop doing it!..Stopping for a while and then assuming that you can start drinking again and control it this time is also very common and it doesn't work because the fundamental chemical interaction between alcohol and your brain hasn't changed.....Alcohol problems are progressive... No one *starts out* as what everyone assumes an 'Alcoholic' looks like; to get to that stage can take years even decades of heavy drinking.....The modern medical term is [Alcohol Use Disorder](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8uodvf/scoring_top_marks_on_the_alcohol_use_disorder/) a condition with predictable stages which moves through increasing levels of severity the more and longer someone drinks... The term covers both Alcohol Abuse and Alcohol Dependence.....I found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Try not to beat yourself up about it these things happen!..Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I've had similar things happen going to work with a very vague foggy idea of awful things that I'd said and done. Walking with my tail between my legs knowing I really screwed up this time all because I couldn't stop drinking when I knew I should have. Someone told me that  there are two days that you have absolutely no control over. Yesterday and tomorrow. You can only do your best to make the best decision possible today.  That really stuck with me and it's so true. I sincerely apologized to the people that I wronged and asked them for their forgiveness. They were much more receptive than I thought they'd be. It turns out that people don't really think about you nearly as much as you think they do! Continue to work on yourself in the moment make every decision big or small to the best of your ability in order to be the person you wanna be. Trust yourself and give yourself a break when you mess up. Everyone is doing this whole  life  thing for the first and only time no one has it all figured out and no one ever will. Do your best to your best self possible!!! IWNDWYT 
I went through similar iterations of thinking I had a problem then stopping or cutting way back and feeling like I was in control again then having a blackout and being mortified even if nothing bad happened.  I eventually realized that alcohol was a problem *for me* and that I didn't need to fit any type of profile hit rock bottom or have others agree that I had a problem.
I suggest you reach out to the local AA...I go to AA and being in a room full of people who know exactly what I feel is great...Good luck.
Going through almost the same thing.   Everyone that I know intimately calls me 'blackout queen'.   There is literally no worse feeling than having no recollection whatsoever of the night before.   Hopefully your good mood when you got home is indicative that nothing awful happened (personally I'd become at absolute terror at the first slight or perceived slight while blacked out and I made sure  that everyone knew it) That said  I'm working really hard on forgiving myself and it's been beneficial.   There is absolutely nothing you can do to change what's already happened-  I feel like all I can do is face the world and swallow my pride.  Accept the consequences if I hear about things I've done that are bad and apologize sincerely and move forward.   Soon enough the good outweighs the bad and that will have become an incident and not 'who you are'.  Your good qualities will outshine the bad moments.   We got this! IWNDWYT!
I had pretty frequent black outs as I was a binge drinker in my former life. I got away with it for a long time because I was a "fun/happy drunk" I never started fights or was mean to anyone. Occasionally I would do something stupid that could just be laughed off. It sounds to me like you "got away" with this last episode so please don't beat yourself up too much about it. What's done is done. That being said it sounds like you are not comfortable with the idea that drinking for you could lead to the possibility of blacking out. For me I couldn't predict when it would happen. Each drinking session was like a game of Russian roulette. I don't thing reassessing your relationship to alcohol is ever a bad idea! I just wanted to say that you are not a bad person.     
