-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9b8ypg/drank_last_night/

I don't even know why. Now I'm hating myself today. This is hard. It pisses me off that some people can easily go weeks or months without drinking. So tired of the struggle. 
----------immediate responses--------

Want to make a pledge with an Internet stranger? You can pick: 24 48 or 72 hours.
i Just wrote about hating myself too. However we can we have to get around that and start taking care of ourselves. 
[removed]
Anyways done now moving forward time.  
Try not think about days or weeks. Think about now there is no other moment than now. If you just don't drink now and keep doing that. The weeks and months will clock up. Sending you love and strength xx
I know it sure hasn't been easy for me to make it as many days as I have. But it did get easier. The first couple weeks were very difficult for me. Weekends were especially hard. And I have gone through difficult stretches when life events bring me down because I used to cope with those by drinking myself into oblivion. Especially early on don't get hung up by how many days you're sober. Just focus on staying sober today and do the same tomorrow etc.
Surrender to the idea  of powerlessness over this thing and the struggle goes away I have found.
Try not to worry about other people.  Everything looks easy when we are not the one doing it.  ..People say things like that to me about my weight all the time.  "It must be so easy for you being so skinny".  And I am like WTF?  I keep a food journal tracking everything I eat.  I go to the gym seven days a week AND I had to completely cut booze from my life to get this skinny.  I am down 60lbs from hard work not from being lucky...The same goes for my sobriety.  I work on it every single day.  I struggled for years before I got four months.
I did too.  Had 4 days.  This morning was absolutely horrible.  I'm trying and I'm going to win.  I refuse to believe that I'm not going to win.  I called / texted a bunch of people walked my dog slammed some Gatorade and vitamins and sent some emails out.  Don't get stuck in yesterday - let's push into tomorrow amigo.  IWNDWYT
