-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bcbog/overcoming_selfhatred/

Hey there fellows. I just found this sub and am so thankful. Reading your stories is making me see I'm not alone but still I'm so scared of letting alcohol destroy my life...I don't drink everyday nor I get drunk every time I have a drink but I've experienced some terrible situations in which alcohol put me in danger. I've gone home with complete strangers and even was raped once when I was abroad alone five years ago. I'm struggling to deal with those things in therapy and can say I'm doing pretty fine. But once in a while I get drunk I black out and each and every time that happens I do something I deeply regret. Last time was last sunday. I went to my gf's place completely shit faced and upset her. We had a conversation today and I'm in such heartache for hurting her. I don't want to lose the woman I love over alcohol and other than my drinking problem we have a wonderful and supportive relationship. ..Now I'm determined to stop drinking because I don't think I would ever forgive myself for losing her. And still maybe she will leave me anyway because we are taking some time for her to think about whether she still wanna be with me. ..Anyway I said all those things just to ask you: how do you overcome all the self-hatred that comes from fucking up while drunk? How do you convince yourself you're worth it the trouble and avoid simply going back to booze out of self-hatred?
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Some of it is a leap of faith. You just have to choose to believe the people who have gotten a little farther down the sobriety golden brick road when they tell you as I'm telling you now that the self-hatred will dissipate over time. As you begin to feel distance from your drunk self you will still regret some of your past actions but you will no longer feel like the same person who committed those actions. Meanwhile you'll be clear-headed and living a life more in line with your values which is the recipe for self-respect. Good luck and IWNDWYT.
How I got over it was forcing myself to practice self love. It sounds lame but I was almost so consumed in how much I hated myself I could give a fuck less about anything else. And also giving it time. It takes a while for all of the negative crap to go away after you stop drinking. But it goes away. It's small at first. Over time it's massive. You can do it hang in there...I will not drink with you today  
Girl_Afraid meet CattyMagoo your soul sister in self hatred self destruction when drunk and in doing fine. ..I posed a similar question here not too long ago. The best answer I received? ..You just do. ..So simple right? But so hard to do. ..Here's what has been helping me (in my large 10 days of sobriety lol): ..I wake up each morning and tell myself I am a good person worthy of good things. ..When driving at every stoplight I take a deep belly breath and thank myself for being here...When I get ready for bed at night I tell myself that I tried my best during the day. And even if some not so great things happened tomorrow is another opportunity to start anew. ..I talk to myself like the cheesiest motivational speaker the most saccharine cheerleader. Every time a negative thought about myself comes up I take another breath tell myself no one is perfect and to give myself a break...I've made a list of all of the good things I've  done of all of the compliments I remember receiving of good moments that happen in my day and I read it when I'm feeling low (and when I want to drink)...It's a large departure from the way I usually talk to myself. I don't believe what I'm saying yet but in time I will. ..Posting here has also been extraordinarily helpful. It has been a fantastic source of support and insight. . .I'm so glad to hear you are in therapy. I am too and I'm learning that the self-hatred hasn't gone away for me since I've put the bottle down. It's still there and talking to my therapist is a helpful way to work on it. ..You are worth it. We all are. ..In support and solidarity. ... 
Also zooming out a bit from your particular circumstances might help. I like to remember I'm a human on the planet sharing space with other humans and in the course of a lifetime many of us misstep but keep on walking. I'm part of humanity with all of it's foibles. Cheesy but it helps me keep perspective...One last idea - reading about addiction the habit loop ACOA and  genetics helped me understand why I latched on to some self-destructive behaviors so firmly in the first place which helped me to forgive myself.
I saw a quote today that really struck me. "It's OK to look back but don't stare." I've had a lot of remorse for who I used to be self loathing and heartache for the risky situations I put myself in and the nights I went too far. Forgiveness is powerful though and it's important we learn to extend that to ourselves as well. I look at my newfound compassion for myself as my new superpower and I try to remind myself that everyone benefits when I can be kind and gentle and loving with myself and let go of the past. Every time I'm a little more gentle with myself I'm also a little more gentle with other people. Every time I'm a little more patient with myself I'm a little more patient with other people. Remorse is useful for a little bit but you can't stay there too long. ..In terms of real life "how do I make it through this" affirmations helped me a lot. I tell myself in the morning and at night some sort of mantra and again during the day whenever I think of it. I felt like a damn fool telling myself I'm worthy in the mirror but it was worth it to get past that discomfort. Some that have worked for me include "I accept myself unconditionally as I am right now" "I am good and worthy and worthwhile" "I am kind gentle and patient." Make up your own that speaks to your needs or Google will give you a slew of them. ..EFT (emotional freedom technique or the tapping solution) are helpful if I am dealing with cravings or crushing anxiety. Look it up on YouTube and there's tons of videos on it but basically you tap for like 10 seconds on a series of meridians on/in your body and it releases blocked energy. Sort of like quickie self acupuncture. It tends to make me yawn and feel a lot more clear headed. ..Reading books on trauma brain function addiction recovery psychology and family dynamics have helped me to feel like I'm not just an asshole and that there's science behind how brains and addiction work. They also helped me to feel like I'm fixable. ..I let myself off the hook a lot. I remind myself that I'll get to try again and again and again. I remind myself that everything that's happened in my life is an assignment to learn everything I need to learn. Including my addictions. Including my relationships and failing within those relationships. All the good and the bad. The heartache and the joy. I talk to my therapist a lot about learning to forgive myself over and over again. Anyway good luck in your journey! 
[removed]
You have hit the nail on the head sister! "How do you convince yourself you're worth it?". Yep the massive load of self-loathing and hatred that reared its head every time I got close to sober drove me back to the bottle for years. And I tried rehabs and medications and moderation for years but nothing worked and those demons were still there. ..Then after all else failed and I was at the end of my rope I went to AA and there I finally found a program that worked. If you don't personally know how AA works here's a brief version: the steps force you to look into yourself find the things that drive you mad and work on them. When you can make amends to people that you've hurt (Steps 8 and 9) that's one of the first things that helps calm the self hatred. ..As you cycle through the steps repeatedly - in five years I guess I've done them 20 times - you are able to go deeper each time and root out the things that drive you - well drove me! - nuts and send us back to the bottle. I'm not done yet but I get closer each time and I'm a much better person now than I was five years ago.  ..Today I have a great relationship with my ex-wife. She's off to Hawaii tomorrow with her new hubby and we chatted about her golf plans and how our kids are doing. Six years ago every time I thought of her I had to get drunk. I went to a baseball game with my younger daughter Sunday; six years ago she wouldn't even take my phone calls. *The despair and anger and worry and loathing of 13 years is all gone*...That's the promise that AA holds for everyone with a drinking problem. Not just sobriety but freedom from those awful memories and that painful guilt. It worked for me and I don't believe in God one little bit. I hope it can work for you!
