-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9beoxy/trying_again_day_2/

I'm not feeling so great. Drinking has been a daily part of my life for the last 12 years. I am now 32 (F) and the past year I have tried to stop 4 times I never make it past 2-3 weeks. ..I have been in the service industry for all these years and bartending for the last 5 which makes it difficult because it's so engrained into the lifestyle. I'm not bartending atm but being a single adult it is also a huge part of my social life. Also I live above a bar my whole neighborhood is pretty much bars and my friends work at a lot of them. ..I suffer from depression and social anxiety and I use to use alcohol to self medicate but I now know that is a really backward way to go about things. When drunk I am more prone to panic attacks and break downs and the hangovers make my depression and anxiety worse usually. I just can't figure out how to be social without it. I have tried to just drink water at the bar but that never lasts long. At the same time in my head I'm telling myself hey at least your being social at least you're not shut up in your apartment all alone....Yesterday I was recovering from a hangover so of course I felt crappy and today all I want to do is lay around I have zero motivation and I feel like a drink or 2 would make me feel better and it probly would in the moment but it's never 1 or 2 it's more like 8 or 10. Every day. That's not healthy. I've gained a lot of weight and I have no energy and I feel like I have no self control. Ugh...It wasn't like this when I was in my twenties it was always fun always a party now I feel like I have a big problem. I usually have a good amount of self control but I'm struggling with this and it's kind of daunting now that I've failed so many times. It's such a big part of my life I really don't know how to get away from it but I know I want to. I can be a better person I can do more things with my life besides being drunk all the time.
----------immediate responses--------

I tried and failed a few times before I got the string of days I have now. This place has been a huge help for me I still like to look at my badge for the number of days. I've also been happy to find Refuge Recovery which is pretty chill. Exercise chocolate in place of booze and stubborn determination seem to have worked for me...You can do it!
You can do it! Let's both get through tonight. That's all for now...IWNDWYT 
Thank you. I hope I can. I feel like a whiny little b for even writing all this down. I wish I could just not care or drink like a normal person but that's not my reality. I have to make a change. I just hope I can
Your story sounds so much like mine.  I wish I could tell you it was easy for me.  It wasn't by any means.  I quit several times a couple of times even 3-6 months then I wrecked it before I finally dug deep and found that I truly wanted it.  It helped me to take it one small bite at a time.  In the beginning it wasn't even one day at a time it was one hour at a time.  But it gradually got easier.  With every hill I climbed I got stronger and more focused.  You have some hills ahead of you but I can promise two things.  One it can be done.  Two it's absolutely worth it...&amp;#x200B;..Keep us posted!
[removed]
Thank you yea just a little bit ago I was going back and forth in my head should I or shouldn't I have just one or two downstairs but instead I took my dog to the park and called a friend and made plans for later tonight. The strong urge has passed for the moment so I'm glad for that 
