-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bnjqz/i_love_an_alcoholic_3/

My boyfriend of a year and three months has gone to rehab stayed dry for four months and relapsed. He was stable enough in his sobriety he said I could still drink but it was so rare and so few in front of him because I only ever drink when everyone is drinking. But then those times I would go out for a girls night my tolerance was so low I would come home obliterated. He texted me silly things one day at work and I had this guy feeling it had happened. I "made up" a family emergency to leave early and found him at a pub. I did not flip out. I pulled him aside and talked to him about his choice and allowed him to be in charge of his choices. Weeks passed and I truly saw the worst of us over and over. I was an enabler and he to himself...It's been four months past and he's started to bring up sobriety again. This time however he asked for my help. To remind him or encourage him. This weekend we planned our first dry weekend together. I am more excited this time around. For this time I too will not be drinking. I am not afraid of resent. I am aware of my choices and I have tested the sober waters to know it is just a little more boring but your body feels great and your wallet stays full. I am a tad sad yes cuz who doesn't love a chocolate milkshake with some rum but I am appreciative for the opportunity to still have me a damn good milkshake; to not have trouble leaving the house or even getting off the couch for that matter to no longer have to live with being an enabler and to have my happy healthy boyfriend back...Here's to our new chapter be it what it may...I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't love a chocolate with some rum?  But good for you being supportive of your boyfriend!  Best wishes to his recovery I hope this works out well for you both.  And it's really not boring being sober after all.  
I've never had a chocolate milkshake with rum....and there isn't anything boring about waking up refreshed and hangover free every single morning...All I can say is I wish you well and while your heart is in the right place by sticking by your fella just be careful and make sure to go on the sober journey for you. I tried giving up for others many times and it never worked. I just ended up resenting the person I supposedly gave up for. Sobriety is a choice I make every day it's no one else's choice but mine...Good luck. X
Me too. :( ..But it turns out love doesn't save the world and sometimes you destroy yourself in the process of trying to make it so. But I would echo the below sentiment that you shouldn't forget to take care of yourself and to remember that only *he* can decide to be (stay) sober and not one thing you'll ever do or say or help with will ever ever ever change that believe me I learned the super hard and painful way. I wish you both the best together and I hope you can work this out because when my guy and I were both sober it was so so nice and we were so connected. Hugs. 
I fail to see any point to this post.
