-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bt9xm/how_to_stay_sober_when_theres_another_drinker_in/

I was alcohol-free for three great years then relapsed on an off for the last year drinking in secret. I drank my husband's alcohol then replaced it later on. I know that stress of a recent PTSD episode   and me not addressing it fully   were factors but having all this alcohol around me while I have been trying to stay sober has not helped. It really sucks...Having alcohol in the house makes staying sober 10x harder. My husband likes to keep different kinds of liquor and wine in case he gets a craving for drinks he likes. ..Any tips or advice? Anyone else getting sober in a sea of booze?..
----------immediate responses--------

I couldn't do it in such an environment...I hope you Do!
Getting sober and staying sober in the face of houseful of booze is going to be pretty tough.  Doable yes but hard.  Have you discussed this with him?  Having your spouse on board to support your sobriety can make it much much easier.  And honesty is important- TELL him you are mooching his booze.  Hopefully he'll see having a sober partner every day is way better than having some Rose around in case he wants it .
If you can't do it with alcohol around the house then ask your husband if he wouldn't mind storing it elsewhere or throwing it out all together. 
Honestly? I'd ask him to get rid of it. If he gets a hankering for a drink he can always go to a bar. 
I bought a locking liquor cabinet.  I told my SO to keep everything in there and don't leave the key lying around.  
[removed]
I got sober in a house full of alcohol with the help of AA. Without AA I couldn't have gotten sober in a desert wasteland but that's just me.
I've asked my fianc  to only keep a small amount of things around that he wants on hand and to clear out the rest. If he doesn't think he will drink it soon then get rid of it. 
Alcohol can be everywhere and nowhere at the same time.  Hold fast you're doing this for you.  We're all in this with you and you're in this with all of us.  IWNDWYT 
My husband drinks in front of me wine ( I used to love wine). Smokes in front of me ( I used to love smoking). I am still sober.I learnt  I don't know how I just try to see Netflix in my computer read articles topic that I love read those posts. When I can and I am not too tired I run away to do something: walking running bicycle. I dint cook for us anymore like usual because is for me a trigger. I try to survive and I could.  
I am. I made a rule no more than a six pack in the house...which was adhered to for about two days...still far less beer in the house than before. Sometimes it's maddening most of the time now I don't care. I still go to bed early while my husband stays up drinking beer...
