-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bubp2/sobriety_mental_health_and_boundaries_for/

This sounds kind of stupid. But trying to make other people happy all of the time made me want to drink. ..See I am a "helper" by nature. I like to help people I want them to feel good and to be happy and when they don't or when I think they aren't-then I feel bad. Kinda like its my fault. ..This got more prominent as I got older and started a family. See when I was younger I really just had to worry about myself. Then I got married and had kids. If my wife and kids are not happy- I see that as a reflection on myself- to be blunt- I see it as a failure. As a perfectionist I hate failing. ..Constantly worrying about if everyone else was happy gave (gives) me huge anxiety. I turned to drinking to cope because it was one thing I could do where I just focused on myself and could dull my senses enough not to care what other people were thinking and feeling. I dont have to get into why that was a terrible coping mechanism (you all know). ..Since getting sober I have not had that escape. I have slowly been trying to reframe how I perceive things. I have to look at what my responsibilities are realistically and then set boundaries. I am responsible for the health and security of my family. I take care of them provide for them give them shelter provided them with food and shelter and hopefully teach them about being good people. I am not responsible for ensuring they are always happy and never disappointed- because thats life...I am getting better at this with my kids though I will admit- I am much more sensitive towards my 13 year old son- because he is so sensitive- I dont like disappointing him and I've probably been too hard on him in the past- so I have let him get away with some small things here and there. But I know he is a good kid. ..I struggle the most with my wife. We have very different personalities which is why we make such a good team. I tend to suck it up and quietly deal with my disappointments while she is very vocal when something is not to her liking. For a long time I felt like when she was griping- it was my responsibility to immediately attend to whatever was bothering her. It got exhausting. I drank often to avoid it- that was my signal to her- I crack open a beer- and I am no longer doing anyone elses shit...But I can't drink any more. ..So I do what I can. Its been hard but I have had to set boundaries for myself. If I wake up in the morning in a great mood and the wife is irritated or annoyed- I cant let it ruin my day. I have to go on and realize that its up to her. Its not my failing if she isnt happy all the time. None of us are happy all of the time- we all work through it. ..Its helping to a degree. Lately I have been more intentional about taking time for me at night to work out. Its my time and my space and I escape a bit. And- its much healthier than drinking 10 beers- just to get through.
----------immediate responses--------

Hi  this sounds very much like me.  Always trying to make everyone else happy but myself and in order to escape it just pick up a drink.  I am getting better but at this very moment worrying about a neighbour I have not seen for five days which is very unusual for him as he has no family (that I know of) or visitors and if anything has happened to him I will feel guilt and blame myself.  I know what you mean about it being very exhausting!  Here's to looking after ourselves a bit more!!  IWNDWYT
[removed]
I say 'airplane rule' which is to look after myself first.  It's hard when you have kids but keeping that in mind helps me when I am about to feel guilty about looking after myself.  Long term I need to look after myself.
I'm also learning to shed my people pleaser and it's so liberating. I'm back in therapy and my therapist is helping me set boundaries with my alcoholic parent. Now I take care of myself first and that has really helped me be happier and more centered. It's been hard work but I'm grateful sobriety is giving me a chance to really work on myself.
Thank you for reminding me. .I remember when I first started heavily drinking being happy that it made me less sensitive to everything I would pick up from other people and feel the need to do so I could feel  normal . ..I look forward to getting that sensitivity back and being thankful for it. 
