-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bzeez/almost_6_months_no_alcohol/

My brain is telling me  you could do this again if you had to was it really even that bad?  Struggling with AA right now. Alcohol has been easy for me to put down but weed has not been.  I can't find a sponsor who is willing to work with me if I still smoke. I'm not willing to lie to them but I'm not consistently willing to stop smoking either. I'm 23 and there's a childish part of me that is kicking and screaming and saying I just don't want to stop and she's been winning out. I'm just venting because I feel like I can't say these things in meeting. You are all lovely and I appreciate you muchly.  
----------immediate responses--------

Smoking weed helped me quit alcohol. I would say eight months in I was ready to quit but couldn't until my boyfriend did it with me 11 months in. Now I smoke once every two weeks and have a much better relationship with it. I wasn't happy unless I was high before and now I have joy randomly in my day. 
For me my goal was never to be  sober . My goal was to quit drinking alcohol. It was literally killing me. I still smoke weed and it helps a lot. Many of us humans have an odd subconscious desire to alter our reality. Maybe it's because it gives us a sense of control or maybe it's the escape. Both weed and alcohol provide that but alcohol will kill you. Weed will not. 
Don't understand this about AA...the program is about quitting drinking. If you wanted to stop smoking you'd go to a stop smoking group or an NA group for opiates...I applaud most meetings for keeping it agnostic but with weed they are really behind the times. I don't smoke anymore  cause the stuff makes me freak out now for some reason and I get tested for work but still...lesser of two evils people!
6 months with no alcohol is great!  Keep if up.  ..Third tradition doesn't say anything about weed and AA has no opinion on outside issues.  Keep coming back keep seeking a sponsor.  I know several people who have worked through the steps and still smoke. If you can't find a sponsor you can read the book yourself.  Listening to the  Joe &amp; Charlie  recordings can help guide you through the book.  Love and tolerance is our code.  I hope you can find some tolerance that define sobriety differently than you.  ..
I struggle with this as well so much so that I have yet to share at a meeting much less seek out a sponsor. It has absolutely helped me stop drinking and my life is much better without alcohol...I'm not ashamed of my cannabis consumption it's legal here and it's just part of the fabric of various hobbies and social interactions I enjoy. It's great for concerts hiking exercise etc. It would be hard to commit to abstaining permanently for me at this point in my journey. Same with certain psychedelics. ..I guess I find it to be a rather arbitrary purity test within the AA community. Some speakers seem especially dogmatic about it in a way that is off-putting.
6 months!  Well done.
