-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bzvf1/i_still_struggle_to_understand_how_it_works/

Hey. I'm kind of sober generally as well as right now. I barely drink maybe once a month at most but I've been through two episodes of dependency. Once when I was 22 and again at 27. The second one landed me in rehab by choice. I was waking up in fits I assaulted my brother and my self harm was so bad I was In hospital once a week (being drunk all the time I was struggling to hide it). As far as rehab goes I still consider it a huge success in that my drinking doesn't fuck my life up like it used to (for now) but I've taken my addition to food now instead. When I do drink it's followed by a solid week of suicidal leanings and crushing depression. Basically I just hate myself during that time...I went to the meetings counselling and read abit of the big book. But there is something in me that refuses to let go. I can't figure it out. I know the same part of me that drinks over eats too. As they say 'switching the vodka for the whiskey' kind of thing...Does anyone have any similar experience. What is wrong with me. If I never drank or over eat again I'm sure I'd be a lot happier but I keep doing this. Why am I so stubborn?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi There Will Be. I don't have the answers for why you're stubborn but I did want to say thank you for posting and sharing a bit of your struggles...SD is a great community.  If you come here often read alot and post/comment when you feel comfortable I think you'll learn a great deal about yourself and myabe find the answers you're looking for.  :)  
Drinking alcohol is addictive.  The more I drank the more our messed up might brain chemistry so the more I wanted to drink to numb myself and not feel depressed and anxious.  I'm reading Alcohol Explained right now and it does a very good job of describing the vicious cycle drinking keeps us in. 
Hi there! You're asking some good but difficult questions. I don't have an easy answer for you. ..It's been eight years that I've been working on getting sober. And like you said addiction is tricky - it can pop up in different ways. I'm active on SD because alcohol is far &amp; away my drug of choice and I first really started to get sober here but my recent relapse was on marijuana which I didn't even think that I liked. Drinking led me into some black places like you describe so in a sense it was damage limitation. But it's still the underlying addiction and it was still making me miserable and keeping me from leading a happy and fulfilling life. A problem is a problem no matter how it shows up and to what degree. And addiction is progressive - over time it always gets worse. I learned that the hard way...What's helping me is understanding that I don't have to do everything by myself. I don't have to figure everything out. I don't have to know everything. I've been doing some serious twice a week therapy for the past two years and that's helped  me get to a place where I'm ready for real recovery. And now that I'm ready to face my addictions I'm getting a lot of real life help from support groups mostly AA. I'm going to at least a meeting a day. I'm working with a sponsor. It is not the only way to do it however it's helping me to get and stay sober to know that I don't have to have all of the answers. I can go to a meeting and sit and listen to other people's experiences. Not everything is relevant or helpful and I can't always put a finger on how it connects to me. But I know that it helps...I gotta be honest I've never really gotten massively into the Big Book and I also gotta say I've read a few books on addiction that are much more recent and scientifically based and they didn't really help me beat my addiction either. Educating myself has helped. Getting a sense of other people's stories from the back of the Big Book and memoirs has helped. On their own they are nowhere near enough for me. I am smart but my addiction can outthink me. What has helped me the most is getting my ass in the seat - going to therapy going to meetings. I talk but I also listen. And I listen for what I can identify with. I try to get things out of my time in meetings that can be helpful to me. I'm putting that time to good use towards my recovery...My local AA clubhouse also has some Overeaters Anonymous meetings and Eating Disorder meetings - those might be worth checking out. I've also been to SMART Recovery meetings and Refuge Recovery meetings which were helpful in their own ways. But basically yeah the more I've engaged with my addiction and sought help the more I've understood that it is a problem and that I need help with it. ..I wish you luck on your journey and let us know how you're doing!
