-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9bzxlj/50_days_o/

50 days today! ..I am 50 days sober again after relapsing for months. Almost killed myself almost lost my job I lost my boyfriend. However he is speaking to me again (through texts). We met while I was sober... little did he know... I'm a mean raging drunk. :( ..BUT I DIGRESS... I AM 50 days sober once again... and honestly there is no way I am tricking myself into thinking I can be a responsible drinker EVER again because I CANNOT. PLAIN. AND SIMPLE. I've tricked myself TWICE before. Once after 6 months of sobriety and once after 3 months of sobriety. I'm 27 and I've been drinking since I was 17. I have had an extremely sad and hurtful life but I chose to live in the past and self medicate... but now... this time feels different. I'm moving forward. ..Biggest accomplishment: I went into the city this month and was able to hang out with my two best friends who I don't get to see often. Ate good food and had some good laughs. They had a few drinks at dinner and this didn't bug me. It's weird sometimes seeing how non alcoholics can just have a glass of wine and that's it... put the cork in the bottle and put it in the fridge. This is when I slipped last time and drank... triggering a couple month long bender. They were totally understanding and my one friend who is a recovered meth addict said she was proud of me. That felt good because I love her dearly as a friend and she knows how rough I've been. ..Side note I've lost 10lbs and my body and face aren't puffy anymore. It's crazy how you don't realize that shit is going on when you're drinking... ..Anyways just thought I'd share. Also FUCK HANGOVERS!!!!!!!!!!!11111!1!1one1one11!!..Thanks :)
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 50 days!  IWNDWYT 
Congrats on your 50 days and while quitting drinking doesn't magically make life better it is a lot easier to deal with the bullshit of life when you are sober and clear headed...IWNDWYT
Way to go on 50! You'll be at two months so soon! IWNDWYT 
Congrats on everything..... yes I found that as well my thinking I had it made in the shade.. then the fall. Live n learn.. moving ahead time.  Wishing yu well. 
