-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c0nti/relapsed_wondering_if_i_should_try_rehab/

Ok so I got some time together then relapsed. Been drinking daily for the last month since I lost my job. I feel like crap all the time. I'm a single mom with 2 teens. Ex is kind of aware I am trying to stay sober but doesn't get it and there are lots of complications there. Anyhoo - I worry I'll lose custody if I go to rehab but I really do not want to die. No AA locally. I'm a sad banana. (Ps am sober today) 
----------immediate responses--------

Damn I'm sorry that you are going through such a difficult time. Every one is different in some ways and has their own situation.  I only have been about a month without drinking. I relate to your drinking every day. That's what I was doing. I felt like shit and such a loser and just hated myself.  I took advice from this sub and told my doctor that I couldn't stop drinking. He gave me some meds that helped me.  I'm sure that you will get good advice here. I wish you all the best. 
There are many ways to get sober. You need to really want to get sober otherwise you will just be taking advice from know alls like me. A good councilor doesn't give advice he plants seeds and slowly you reach the answers yourself which is 100 times better than advice. I hated mine as he would never answer anything I would go home cursing him but a few days later a lightbulb would go off and I called him a genius. I drank heavily and tried seeing doctors and aa and it didn't work until one day after a black out I said fuck this for a game of soldiers and I was done. I spent a lot of time here. I read a lot the likes of this naked mind and Jason vale and I listened to podcasts. I tried different things created a plan got my sober tool kit together and took it day by day. Here I am 6 months later. My thinking around alcohol changed I learned a lot about how addictive and cunning alcohol is. Our minds are driven by the craving to alcohol but like a toddler and a tantrum it passes and the child stops looking for a drink but if we give in the cunning alcohol keeps throwing tantrums til it gets a drink. Sorry for the analogy but it really helped me get a handle on my drinking. I nearly lost my family and it's scary but I have turned my life around and you can to. My mess is my message. I heard that this week. I'm not an evangelist but I want to show people that we can quit and that they are not unique when it comes to alcohol. Hopefully some food for thought rather than advice there!
Let me know if you want to here more about the tools
Try the Naked Mind podcast and Rachel hart take a break from alcohol podcast. The naked king book can be hard going but it amazing .Put yourself first ignore everything else for a while they can wait.Eat well and get plenty of sleep.Don't worry about long term problems 90% of things we worry about never happen.Stay busy.Our world gets smaller when we drink we lose interest in things and friends make a plan to reconnect with people.Walking and exercise is key it's amazing to see what sober people do!! When we are sleeping it off or drinking..I went to Aa but didn't like it but it was good to see others in the same boat as me..I was a people pleaser which left no time for me so I drank for relief are you a people pleaser.I found new ways to reward myself I spent the money I saved on physical things to remind me when I saw them that I couldn't have these things if still drinking.'.I hope this helps
