-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c19a8/first_month_and_my_story/

Hi SD. I've been a month-long lurker of this sub while struggling with my first month of sobriety. I've been a binge drinker since I was 18 (I'm 32 now) and very much functional atleast from society point of view. I'd hit the bottle in the weekends and when I hit it I really hit it. Blacking out has been common for me since my early 20s. The thing is I didn't even drink every week and I could easily go 2-3 weeks without a drink. I only didn't notice that I rarely could go longer than that no matter if I tried. Last 2 years or so have been different somehow. I suffered from re-emerging panic attacks couple years ago and had some hearth issues to go with that which I know see we're only panic issued. My grandfather died in early 2017 and I broke up with my fiancee in late 2017. Naturally of all this I've been self-medicating myself with the only medicine I knew that works: alcohol. ..&amp;#x200B;..For the past year I've felt that something is different in my drinking even tho I still was a weekend binger. I realized only couple months ago what it was - I started to have real chemical addiction. My cravings started to be really hard the morning after and sometimes I did turn to the bottle again the next day if I had the chance. I had my first missed workday this year because of drinking and there was days where I couldn't pick up my kids because I was either drunk/hungover. All of this escalated to a huge 3day bender in late July which really freaked the shit out of me. I was pretty much blacked out from friday evening to monday morning. I was on holiday I give myself that so I "allowed" myself to drink a bit easier. On my 3rd day of binging I remember thinking that I'm too afraid to drop the booze now. I knew I was killing myself but I was still drinking. I tried to think of my kids. I reached out to my non-drinking friend that set me up for the next day. Then I knew I had a real lethal addiction and I needed to do something about it. On the next day I was very close of calling to rehab because I'm pretty sure I experienced some real withdrawal for the first time in my life. I never want to experience that again. But I managed by myself with some heavy sweating and anxiety...&amp;#x200B;..I started reading up and actually taking the information in about alcoholism. I read "The Naked Mind" in two days which was eye-opening and for this I thank my friend. I feel like I already had most of the information in that book. I've known for couple years that I had an addiction to alcohol. I just thought I could manage it and it's not that bad because I don't drink during week or not even every weekend. After reading I knew I could not. I was ready to stop using the thing that was destroying my life. I chose 1.8.18 as my date as that was the date I poured all my booze down the drain even tho that was my 3rd day sober. With the money I got of the liquor bottles and cans (You get money of em in Finland) I bought something nice for my cat and myself. I saved the receipt and I stamped it on my fridge door. ..&amp;#x200B;..Fast forward to today. I had a dropless August I've been effectively 31 days without a drink. It has been hard yes but totally worth it. My first weeks were really "foggy" and full of mild anxiety. I'm pretty sure I had a stress reactiong for finally acknowleding my lethal condition. It's much better now. I feel awake and present and control of myself. I started investing the money I save from alcohol and related costs (200eur/month). What also has happened has been incredible and it makes me feel like everything happens for a reason. About 8 days after my decision we decided that my 8-year old daughter will move in with me from her mother. I won't go into details but her mother is even in worse condition than I with severe mental health conditions emerging. I feel like I can be the one good parent for my daughter now. I have a good job (I didn't fuck everything up yet) money and I got us a new home during August where she can have a bigger room. All of this makes me feel like this has been something I needed to go through. I can be there for my daughter and give her peace and a good childhood. At the same time I gain strength from her innocence and my love for her. I know I have a long way to go with my drinking problem but now it feels manageable. I feel alive and excited for my sober future. I have issues too of course like self-medicating my anxiety for over a decade but so far it's only gotten better. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you /r/stopdrinking for existing. You guys and your  stories give me strength. I'll try to start posting actively starting now. I'm not sure what's the common policy but I did create a secondary account just for this sub as there are some  details about my life that I like to keep for myself and for you guys. IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard. IWNDWYT. 
Welcome friend! Good on you and for your daughter. Stay strong &amp; Sober on!  I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
We've got the same quit date! Congrats on the month and glad things are going well for you!
An 8 year old daughter will help keep you on the straight and narrow for sure!..Very happy for you!..&amp;#x200B;
Thank you for sharing 
I'm so happy to read your post I wish all the best for you and your daughter- it's a beautiful thing to be a good dad.    iwndwyt
