-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c5n0y/lets_take_a_moment_of_silence_to_remember_why_we/

When I first heard those lines (these are paraphrased from my non English AA group) they didn't really speak to me. I didn't know about anyone I had lost...But now I do. Not IRL but after more than a year here on SD there's a few...I don't know if they're really lost or struggling or if they're leading happy lives somewhere but they're not here anymore. Some accounts have silenced some are deleted. All of them are missed...To those of you who have become strangers: We really do miss you. You're always welcome back. We'd truly appreciate a sign of life if that's possible. To those of you struggling; That's why we're here. At least I know that's why I'm here...I will not drink with you today! ..
----------immediate responses--------

I have gone to meetings where this is said and I am always deeply moved too.
Great post. ..I have noticed it too. There are people whose usernames became familiar to me that I haven't seen here for a while. Some of them have helped me with their encouraging words when I've been struggling...I share your wish that we haven't lost them. Not for good.
Thanks for this.  I miss seeing certain names here.  I hope they know how much their kind words have meant to me. I miss them.
Sometimes I've gone back through my history to find something someone's said that's really helped me and then deleted accounts especially really stand out...I guess that's another reason the check in's cool   for those of us who aren't so active on the sub always at least it's a sign that we're still here!..Happy to be not drinking with you buddy.  Don't you go anywhere  :)
Man I was thinking about this yesterday.  I do get sad when I think about a couple people on here that are gone back out.. I get sad for them and hope they'll make it ok.  It is a bit heartbreaking I admit.  And for that perhaps I treasure seeing familiar friends all the more and it warms me deeply to know so many are out here all improving our lives and hearts and minds and finally really living.      iwndwyt 
