-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c6pii/330_days_and_struggling_today/

Going to a cookout that I'm not too excited about. It's a family cookout so it may be triggering. I just needed some encouragement from you guys out there- thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

You got it   i wont drink with you today. 
You're so close to a year!  Remember that!
Hang in there. IWNDWYT 
Stay strong. Be proud of yourself. You are braver to say no to the drinks. You got this. You don't deserve to be posioned especially by yourself! IWNDWYT! 
It's not what we almost do that counts its what we actually do that counts.... yu got this day I'm thinking! .Iwndwyt 
I love my family to pieces so it took me a while to realise that events with them trigger me more than any other social gatherings!  I have one to go to tomorrow  ..I won't drink with you today and I won't drink with them tomorrow either.  We've got this!
I'm with you. Looking at concert tickets and I just don't know if I have the strength. I'm missing on life. I wish you all the best.
My family triggers me like hell. I finally realized I needed to drive myself limit the time I spent with them AND (this last part took a  long time) understand that afterwards I'm going to be in a shitty feeling vulnerable space and I need to try to have a self-care plan ... Watch a movie read see a friend go to a recovery meeting or really anything that I need (besides addictive behaviors). You can do this!! I always try to remember that there's nothing so bad that drinking won't make it worse and I also sometimes don't drink with/after my family out of spite for my family   
Hang in there! I have also had a bout of PAWS since I am on vacation in Vegas.
You'll never regret not drinking  ..Good luck   ..IWNDWYT    
You will get through this you will succeed. IWNDWYT brother. 
One more month and you'll have a year! That's amazing. Stay strong and remember why you quit.
I'm less than 2 months and think I'd find a family gathering really hard...My mum and dad drink every night and a lot. So our whole family just expects that's how it is. All I get the whole just have one etc...Weird how it's always your expectation that's worse than reality...The reality is they offer I say no. Done ;)..All the best you can do it. ..IWNDWYTD :) 
Drink soda no one will even care you don't have alcohol in it. Have a nice cookout IWNDWYT
I made it- thanks to you guys! Thank you to everyone this is such a supportive place and I am grateful to you all today!
