-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9c8sde/thoughts_on_1441/

on labor day weekend in 2014 I got arrested for public intoxication three states away from home. that wasn't my first alcohol-related offense as I had three prior DUIs. scumbag central...my addiction stole a stellar wife great career decent finances clean criminal record and untold opportunities. addiction also took the lives of my sister niece and nephew via a drunk driver. **not cool beans.**..fret not internet folks as it gets better. I am not going to shoot smoke up your ass and tell you that once you quit drinking your life will instantly improve. it won't. your struggles will remain struggles but you'll be present. that's the difference...I don't have any real nuggets of wisdom other than this: QUIT THE BOOZE AND STUPID SHIT WILL HAPPEN LESS. fair enough? fantastic!..in closing: [here is a picture of my german shepherd puppy taking a siesta](https://imgur.com/a/2akCgid)
----------immediate responses--------

Nice palindrome you have there!  Congratulations on 1441 days of less stupid shit!  Woot!
You are an inspiration! Thanks for the pic of the fluffhead...
but for the grace of god. here's to not being our own worst enemy and not drinking 
This.  A million upvotes for you! It's amazing how much less I have to apologize as a sober chick. Life is SO much more stable and calm and less drama filled with alcohol out of the equation. ..Bonus points for your doggo    
Here's to stupid shit happening less and also to adorable puppers.  
Hey nice palindrome you have there! Bravo for 1441 days!..Adorable puppy! Look at those paws! Going to be a big dog! ..
Thanks for your words of wisdom "stupid shit will happen less"....but thank you most of all for the puppy picture. So sweet!  
That is one adorable pup! At least now if stoopid stuff does happen I will remember and it will probably be stupid but harmless. Good job with your 1441!
Great post! Thank you for sharing. In closing: can I have your dog?
   IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on your solid 1441 that is kick ass....
Omg I love your post!! Stupid shit happening less is definitely a good thing!! 
IWNDWYT! And what an adorable baby dog! Enjoy that puppy!
So true. Quitting won't fix everything for you but it will make it where you're able to fix things if you're willing to put in the work. And no more stupid shit. Most days in my last few years of drinking were spent at home quietly getting blackout drunk over a book or some netflix drinking while cleaning not being any trouble to anyone. Most. But when I start thinking about it here responding to posts or whatever I can always always and all-too-fuckin-easily think of something from my not distance past that is utterly shameful and horrid that I did with others around to witness it while drunk. It's great knowing that sort of thing has now a 0% chance of happening to me. ..And that puppy though . . . 
