-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cbb1z/breaking_with_my_best_friend/

I have tried to quit and have relapsed more times than I can count in the last year and a half. I think I wasn't truly ready. The nights I didn't drink were so "boring" sitting around just waiting to go to sleep plus the headaches and insomnia... I would rationalize that I don't really have a problem and go right back to my habits. Alcohol is an obsession I have the way I solely focus on how much everyone around me is drinking and wondering if they will notice if I have another. The way I drink literally every single day three four five glasses of wine more if it is beer - every day. The time I tried to stop and threw out a box of wine only to go back and dig through the trash to retrieve it a day later. ..Giving up alcohol is so hard because to me it is like losing my best friend. Alcohol was there for me when my job was so stressful I thought I was going to have a breakdown. Alcohol was by my side through all my past breakups and ups and downs. Alcohol comforted me when my mother passed away.  But it's time to walk away and give up because I'm losing control. I LOVE drinking and I was truly so scared of being sober because I could not fathom living a life without alcohol. But I'm feeling better my skin is clearer I sleep through the night the fog is lifting a little and I have replaced alcohol with water which feels great. My sole hobby was drinking I lost all other hobbies. At this point in time I can't be around alcohol at all smell any alcohol or even watch any shows with alcohol but I hope this gets easier. Finding my way again is tough but I'm ready to actually live.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job! It gets easier and better...hang in there.
You are doing great so far. Many parts of your post resonate with me -- it is so good to remember that alcohol as a hobby is destructive. It's time to rediscover who we are under all this!
Great job! Happy Sober Sunday!!!!
Happy for your progress!..Deliver me from "friends" that treated me like alcohol did...Alcohol fueled my self-centeredness made me a liar and a thief stole my integrity eroded relationships sabotaged my health killed my sibling made me a prisoner and plotted my death...Glad you didn't experience any of that!
It's a one-sided abusive relationship.  You're better off without him/her.
