-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cclla/absent_friends_chronic_illness/

I've noticed a couple of times in recent days that u/soberrunner9 and I have been commenting on the same posts. It's nice seeing the same username around so hi u/soberrunner9! It has also brought to mind u/soberrunner who used to be active on here and who was extremely helpful to me back when I was first hanging around SD &amp; making my first concerted efforts to get sober. Wherever he is (probably Australia) I [send him thanks &amp; wish him well](https://youtu.be/lc6y0BnPbDA)...SD is both a support group and an online community. People come and go from both for all sorts of reasons and turnover is normal. But the effect that an individual can have on the lives of others can be lasting. I am grateful for many of the people who I've had the opportunity to cross paths with here on SD...SD is a lot bigger &amp; busier now than it used to be. Holy crap is this sub big now. I remember when we hit 12000 subscribers and that was a big deal. In different circumstances I'd be super smug about being old school but considering that I'm only now sitting at 38 days it's humbling. And our growth is a good thing - more people means that a larger number of people are  accessing support around quitting drinking. I'm pointing it out because it was a lot easier to see the effect that individual posters could have on others when SD was smaller. ..I try to comment on other people's posts here when I have the time because I know how much I've gotten out of other people commenting on mine. SD has been a significant part of my recovery as humble as it is. I'm grateful to the people who have been active here in the past and who are active here now. I owe you all a lot. And individuals within SD can have a strong positive effect on others so it is worth posting &amp; commenting. I am sure that there are people who get sober and stay sober without support groups but I know that for me support groups are an integral part of my recovery. I'm grateful to be here. ..I've been having a hard time in recent days with my health. The unmanageability of chronic health conditions is a topic for a different sub but for me it's directly related to why I've relapsed several times before so it is really directly linked to my sobriety. ..It's frustrating and scary to feel my mental and physical capabilities tank to be so limited in what I can do and to feel like there's no escape from feeling bad. I remember feeling like this before. The familiarity of feeling like this used to be claustrophobic. I used to feel a lot of despair over it. I know now that I just have to practice acceptance because fighting it ultimately means relapse. And getting intoxicated doesn't change anything anyway it just gets me caught up in a secondary sort of trap. What is just is getting upset about it doesn't change reality...Anyway I'm well enough to still do the little things that I need to do to support my recovery so I'm gonna get ready to head out to my Sunday meeting. I hope that life finds you all well. And be excellent to each other sobernauts...Ginger\_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Paging u/soberrunner9 and u/soberrunner! (For some reason username mentions only happen in the comments not in posts.)..Also hi Ginger! I also struggle with a chronic health condition (MS) so I feel your pain. My sobriety is part of my radical self-care. Hope your Sunday is going well!
Hi Ginger. Thank you for your post. I suffer from and autoimmune disorder which is really well managed at this point - thank God. My 10 almost 11 year old has had health issues since birth - vascular tumor and then later diagnosed with a chronic medical issue and I can see my steady reliance on alcohol increase during the most challenging times. I've found several posters here with similar sets of circumstances and some with whom I just feel a sense of kinship. We might pass each other on the street and not know it but here they are a great source of comfort encouragement and inspiration. 
Hello u/ginger_sprout ! I love hearing from the regular posters here at SD as well!  When I came here I had been trying to quit for 2.5 years without success.  SD saved me and I am forever grateful to the kind brave folks here...I'm so sorry to hear about your chronic illness.  One book that really helps me when times are tough or situations are out of my control is Marcus Aurelius's Meditations.  His stoic philosophy comforts me.  Wishing you the very best in a difficult time.  IWNDWYT 
Good morning and thinking of you this past weekend. .Sobriety and managing symptoms are just such a difficult challenge to navigate on the best of days. Much respect for how hard you are working. ..One thing that may be helpful to remember is - thank you for sharing how you are navigating both. Because it's such an inspiration (that's not the best word I'm struggling to find it right now). This past weekend I was at another wake and funeral. I was lucky enough to go with great friends one of whom is managing an auto immune flair and the other who lives with spina biffida. ..The company of these women hearing how they navigate life on life's terms was both inspiring and humbling. My friend with the auto immune flare is finding new modified ways to enjoy and hiking. My friend with spina biffida is training for the Paralympics. They inspire me and I am honored by their friendship. Because when you manage significant health issues you don't have time for fair weather friends. ..My apologies for the rant. Just wanted to say how you are an inspiration as well because managing chronic illness and stopping drinking is something I can't begin to understand. So much respect for the journey you are walking and for all the accomplishments you are racking up. ..IWNDWYT 
