-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cdyaq/day_100_a_few_things_ive_learned_about_staying/

101 days ago I realized my drinking had become a problem and that I needed to change. This has been one of the most challenging things I've ever done and one of the hardest parts of it was finding accurate information and help. So in honor of 100 days here are some of the lessons I've learned so far:..1) Addiction is not an incurable disease. The latest and most reliable research has proven that the most accurate model for addiction is that it is a behavioral compulsion. It can be treated in the same way as any other compulsion. It can be cured. Though they are still very popular the models that say "addiction is a moral choice" "addiction is a character defect" "addiction is a disease" and "addiction is a biochemical problem" have all been debunked...2) 12 Step Programs and 12 Step Based Rehabs are a religion and have a lower success rate than people who seek no treatment at all. They will swear up and down that they're not a religion and that the program works but it's simply not true. That is not to say that they don't help some people mainly people who find religion more comforting than their ability to help themselves. If you're one of those people please understand that I'm not attacking a tool that helps you stay sober simply stating the fact that research demonstrates that 12 Steps cannot substitute for an effective *treatment* for addiction though the support some find through those groups may help them feel better. For those it doesn't work for there is no sense in trying to force it to work...3) Self efficacy and empowerment is the number one predictive factor of success in overcoming addiction. Believe that you have the power to beat this and work on your self awareness and self confidence...4) Addiction has a number of serious co-morbid conditions that must be addressed. For alcohol specifically the first week of withdrawal should almost always be medically supervised and assisted. Severe alcohol withdrawal can lead to seizures delirium and death without treatment. Less severe alcohol withdrawal can lead to extreme anxiety and other difficulties that should be given medical attention. Secondly alcohol abuse can cause physical damage to your organs. Anyone who has abused alcohol should have their liver heart and digestive functions tested and treated for any issues that could cause threats to your health or life or that could make sobriety more difficult or risky. Even if you don't have any acute medical issues due to your alcohol abuse you may be under nourished or have vitamin or mineral deficiencies that can tend to make you feel worse in sobriety. Eating healthy and taking balanced supplements can help improve how you feel. Finally untreated anxiety and depression are the leading causes of relapse so if you have any of these symptoms see a psychiatrist as soon as possible for treatment...5) Beating addiction alone is very difficult. Some people do it but refusing to ask for help when you're struggling is taking on unnecessary risk. A startlingly high number of people struggling with addiction end up having deadly relapses or committing suicide. If you're struggling with feelings of wanting to drink wanting to hurt yourself or wanting to give up ask for help! This is a time when 12 step programs might be useful but there are other places you can find help too. This sub friends who support your sobriety hobby interest groups and groups such as SMART Recovery are all good options...6) Addictions are "displacements" meaning that an unhealthy thing (alcohol) displaces a healthy more direct solution to a problem. For example if I feel lonely and helpless to do anything about it I'll displace the desire to connect with another person by drinking which has the effect of reducing my feelings of loneliness. The solution is to be aware of my reasons for drinking and to take a more direct action like calling a friend to go for a hike instead of using alcohol as a displacement. This kind of awareness of our needs and choice to take direct action instead of displacing is at the core of how to beat addiction...The two best books I've read on the topic are:.[The Biology of Desire: Why Addiction Is Not a Disease](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25837564-the-biology-of-desire).[The Sober Truth: Debunking the Bad Science Behind 12-Step Programs and the Rehab Industry](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19701455-the-sober-truth)..Getting to this point has been a struggle but 100 days into sobriety I'm feeling much better much happier and much more knowledgeable about the situation that I'm in. I want to share as much as I can with you all and help you in your own quest to quit drinking. I'd love to discuss any of the topics in this post further either in the comments or in a private message. Please reach out...I will not drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 
Hey man this is just what I needed today many thanks. 
Hi. We don't allow the solicitation of private messages. Can you please edit this out? Thank you.
Hi. More than half an hour ago I asked you to edit this post and you haven't responded so I have removed the post. Please contact me if you would like to edit and repost.
I'm right behind you at day 93 and couldn't agree more with you assessment. I think Dodes and Lewis are right. You should check out Stanton Peele and Tom Horvath if you haven't already. I am fortunate to live in S Cal so have been able to see Horvath personally and have found a regular therapist that trained with him. Also fortunate to have a large number of SMART meetings. ..I am very displeased with my previous therapist who steered me to AA and wouldn't budge when I complained about the bad fit for me and the clash with my core values. New guy basically thinks the US recovery system should be burned to the ground and we should start again from scratch. We're taking a psychodynamic approach as recommended by Dodes...Haven't been to an AA meeting in 2 weeks and feel so much better. Seems to work for some people and that's great for them but as per my experience and the peer reviewed literature it leaves the vast majority out in the cold. F Bill W...Good luck pal.
