-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ceqbt/my_substance_abuse_wasnt_fun_or_numbing_anymore/

But I still bargained with myself and it took 4 years to be completely done  with it. ..My husband is an alcoholic i mostly post in al anon. He knows he is an alcoholic and is getting help. I wish he would join here though.  I also don't think he knows how much i can understand his struggle. ..Your stories remind me of my 10 year usage of a substance. I won't name them but it was fun it helped me study and focus relax sleep relieved anxiety relieved boredom and helped me just not give a shit  to excess. Also did dumb illegal things to get it and use it.  Sounds great right? All good things come to an end. ..Instead of the above it started to sent me into panic attacks (after about 10 years of use) where my arms got tingly my heart would pound out of my chest and i thought i was gonna die. One depressing episode saw me locked int the bathroom with my kid pounding on the door. From the the first anxiety attack to the me sitting in the emergency  room parking lot at 4am....was four years. ..In that  4 year time i would quit. Then i would "moderate" and "reduce". The time between usage grew the amount used decreased. And it would work...for awhile. Until BAM!! I'm flipping out  again. It was utterly unpredictable when it would happen. But it happenend with far more frequency and even using decreasing amounts. ..That's how i stopped. It kicked me in the face over and over again. I missed the good times that "we" had. Still do. But my body and brain can't handle it anymore and i finally took the hint. I confronted the reality of sobriety with nothing to replace it. Insomnia and anxiety were the results  and i  used benzos for long while with some antidepressants to deal with it. Now i've leveled out and use amino acids and theanine to handle anxiety and insomnia. ..So from ages 20 to 30 used substance freely. 30-34...substance kicking me in face me not taking hintsnot listening to body and brain  bargaining "moderating" reducing etc. Age 34  emergency room parking lot 4am. Quit for good.  34-36....prescribed meds to deal with anxiety and insomnia. 36-now....FREEDOM and natural remedies to deal with anxiety and insomnia. ..God Bless and thanks for listening. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your husband is lucky to have someone who understands even if he doesn't know it yet! Congratulations on being clean/sober whatever!
Keep up the good work!..My 'substance kicking me in the face me not taking hints...' phase was 30-38. Why did it take so long to heed the warning signs? How did I screw up that consistently and for that long without completely ruining my life? It's frightening to think of how different things could be now if I hadn't been so damned lucky for so many years. Ugh...Congrats on finding your freedom. I'll be 40 in a couple years myself and I really hope I can celebrate it with a few years of sobriety under my belt. 
As they say you can try to drown your sorrows but eventually they learn to swim. I think this applies to any abused substance not just alcohol.
