-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cjld2/2_months_of_sobriety_not_just_not_drinking/

I'm very grateful to have 2 months of sobriety today...Before that I was an emotional/social/mental/physical wreck. Now *everything* is better but I'm not cured of addiction and some underlying issues that led me to drinking. I was boozing about 12-14 units of alcohol every 2nd or 4th day. I desperately wanted to quit but my other foot was still deep in addiction...All I want to share now is what worked for me. I gave myself completely to AA. I didn't care if they were right or wrong (I didn't really believe in AA before the whole program seemed brainwashing or similar...). I just didn't want to go back to drinking. I resented God or Higher Power but quickly learned that all you need in AA (at least the groups I went to) is an open mind there is absolutely no need to believe in anything else than that it's possible for me to find sobriety since these people here have also found it and there were plenty of atheists in this group I went to...Started going to meetings every day sometimes twice a day since I was able to do that (single and on holiday). I knew if I didn't get sober now I was going to lose everything sooner or later maybe in 6 months or few years didn't really want to find out...For the first time in my life I've actually met people who I connect to on some indescribable level. A lot of people struggle with the same underlying things I do and what led me to drink: feeling of disconnection starting from childhood not really knowing who they are emotional problems family home problems. Then obviously at some point the drink started to take a drink I mean the physiological addiction was also there...What is different this time that I'm actually recovering myself and learning to live with a sober mindset a completely new way of being in this life. I've always used *something* to cope with my issues now I do my best to face them head on. I still use junk food sometimes and cigarettes to cope but I do not drink or use drugs. I'm not bashing anyone who uses drugs nor do I consider them bad/evil. I'm just personally powerless over those things meaning when I put them in my body the addiction is being fed and it eventually leads me to drink. I cannot live a good life if I use them...I exchanged numbers and started to connect to fellow recovering addicts outside of meetings especially with this guy who is 20 years older than me. We have become like brothers our background is similar and emotional issues. Connecting deeply with someone else in recovery has been invaluable for me...I realize now it's 24/7 work this recovering from addiction. It sounds like a chore when written down like that but it's really the opposite. It's a blessing. I'm so grateful for my new life and I'm *happy* living in recovery. It means learning who I am how can I better myself and through that help those I care about and live like a decent human being in this world. ..That's my two cents. If you are considering AA only things you need is an open mind and willingness to stop drinking. I personally found deeper willingness later when I joined the group in first few weeks I was just desperate and totally confused and couldn't believe anything my mind was telling me. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater every group is different. Find one that suits you...Happy to be part of r/stopdrinking family today. IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done Soberman a post to remember.  Many points to ponder on.  Posts like yours  are rare one or two a week it is enough. They are really what keeps me here on StopDrinking self  improvement. To learn as I go along. 
Congratulations!..I've enjoyed your posts on this journey!!
Thank you for the post and congratulations on your time!.Now that you have 60+ days you can step up to speak and do more service.  Keep up the good work!
