-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cl83x/went_to_an_aa_meeting_yesterday/

It's been a long time since I walked in that room.  The second I arrived I was grateful to be there.  Forgot how great this community was and what a blessing this this is.  For anyone struggling with the idea of going to an AA meeting ... just go.  You can be a lurker lol.  Nobody is there to confront or accuse you...it's a safe place.  Everyone is there battling alcohol and the wisdom in those rooms is profound.  Don't agree with the religious aspect ? Who cares just go.  It's not about being right or critical.  Please don't throw AA because you don't agree with 3% of the program.  The other 97% would be a shame to loose.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sitting here scared as he'll of going to a meeting one starts in an hour and a half. I don't know if I belong there I'm so scared of everything that's going on. God I just want a drink.
The best part of AA to me is the fellowship..:)
There is no religion in AA
I didn't like AA at first didn't think it was for me. I also wasn't comfortable with so much emphasis on a Higher Power but I also realized my way wasn't working. Additionally I picked up the "Women's Way for Doing the 12 Steps" and it was like a revelation for reframing AA the Higher Power and the Steps that is more palatable and doable. I go to at least 3 meetings a week 6:15 AM! I'm finding its nice to start the day with a meeting. 
Great post dis_iz_funny_shit.  I don't go very often anymore but I felt I had been isolating lately so I hit up a midnight meeting on Saturday night.  I had the identical feeling:..&gt; The second I arrived I was grateful to be there. Forgot how great this community was and what a blessing this this is...I kind of see it like church.  You may get something from the sermon but the camaraderie before and after the service makes me feel human again by socializing with like-minded people...If you're new to AA try several meetings because they are all different.   I've been to a few I wouldn't go back to but others that I really really like!
Me too! I was asked to speak by the chairwoman but didn't feel it was appropriate given my short sobriety time and that I don't work AA's program...I was hoping she'd invite me to work on step #13 after the meeting but I was not so fortunate ;-)
 
