-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9clquh/i_am_ashamed/

In a moment of weakness yesterday despite knowing we can barely even afford rent at the moment I bought a box of wine and drank a significant portion of it. I've thrown the rest out already. Now I'm sitting here with some pedialyte and a trash can wondering why I can't stop ruining my life. I am ashamed of who and what I am. Since March of 2016 I've probably spent less than 30 days sober. I've been "trying" to quit for the majority of the time since then. I've got no self control and it's pathetic. I was just over 200lbs before I started drinking and I'm over 300lbs now...If anyone is struggling with an urge today let me be your reason for not giving in.
----------immediate responses--------

I have had weak moments. There is no shame in being human. Everybody makes mistakes the key is to learn from them. Dont give up it took 9 trips through rehab and many failed attempts in order for me to finally achieve more than a week. It can be done. IWNDWYT
[removed]
It took me many attempts at sobriety before I made it this far. Cutting the alchohol calories and increased activity have resulted in a weight loss of 22 lbs since I stopped drinking. Not to mention the extra money in my bank account to take trips or try  new things. If I can do it anyone can. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
All your post inspires is compassion for a person in an honorable struggle - that's you...And you are not my reason for not giving in; you are offering me a huge reminder that I've got to have compassion for myself - or else every other effort is damned.  That's how you inspire me.. Because you are a human you deserve better care right now...  I am not talking about self-pity just - compassion for your own suffering.  You are broke you wanted a break from your suffering that's a hard thing to get - you bought some wine.  So be it...  I don't have anything smart to say  only - all of the humans at all ages require compassion and nurturing - you might have to do this for yourself. right now... so have some respect for the fact that you are enduring a hard moment - your capacity to persist and endure is every reason you need to have hope for change - and give yourself compassion.....&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
[removed]
Alcohol is a tough enemy.  I thought is was going to be the one thing in life that would beat me.  Don't feel ashamed.  Everyone on this sub has been there...I might try going to a support group regularly maybe daily if you haven't.  I participate here daily.  Sorry me folks work better with face-to-face groups.  All I know is I tried to quit for 2.5 years and failed and finding the right support group has kept me sober...I worked hard on my thinking about alcohol.  My brain says drinking will be good that it will be fun or stop pain.  Both were lies.   I had to work on mindfulness.  When my brain says drinking will will be good I know it is not good.  I'm not missing out on anything by staying sober.  I'm just rejecting a false message from my brain...I just focus on one day at a time.  I white-knuckled it through the tough early days.  Then it got progressively easier.  Now if a craving comes I use my mindfulness and just say I'm not drinking today. ..I wish you the very best. You can do this and I am rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
Ya what he says above so true I've really been working on listening to what my messed up brain is telling me and I actually talk back to it (usually in my head so I don't appear too crazy).  It says how fun it will be and I take a few minutes (that's so important even set a timer for two minutes) think about it what will REALLY happen and keep telling that to your brain!   If you are anything like me what will really happen is you will drink  way too much either black out and do something stupid or pass out then wake up horribly hungover and sick and waste most of the next day! No thanks! Don't be ashamed you can do this! IWNDWYT. 
no shame just new strength to fight harder x 
You can stop drinking. Everyone can actually. It took me a long time to figure that out sadly.  For me it comes down to personal responsibility and ending the blame game.  I got and have stayed sober for over two years. There is no reason you can't too. Believe in yourself. You are worth sobriety my friend. We all are.    
I still have cravings when I'm stressed and that seems to be a lot.  I will not give in because I have too much riding in my life.  I'm blessed that I have a second chance at my job after going in drunk.  I also have an aging mother and I wouldn't be there for her if I were still drinking.  And one of the biggest things...the blackouts that were happening with just a couple of drinks.  I deserve a better life.
Writing all of this down is the first step towards working through it! Shame can be overwhelming but know that you can take pride in taking this first step. :) ..IWNDWYT! 
Today is a new day. That's the great thing!  Choose not to drink today and tomorrow you'll still have to deal with life but you'll be sober and proud. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
At least you want to stop. You are already on the road to recovery...There are people who just don't want to stop and don't care many of us were at this stage earlier.  You no longer are. That's progress...Each time you mess up you slowly get closer to succeeding even if at times it may not seem that way.
There is no wagon. There is nobody keeping score but you...Nothing matters as much as how you feel and who you want to be...It's not your fault you have a weakness to certain chemicals. I do too. It's part of the human experience...What matters is if you're enjoying this human experience. If alcohol is  taking away from this enjoyment then you need to look at it as an enemy. But don't hold score. You are a human who can direct their own destiny...Just hold my hand and tell yourself "I will not drink today" and in a few weeks you will forget why it was so hard to start this journey.
Shame is such a destructive and useless emotion especially when you already have low self esteem. Others have given really great perspectives on your situation but I just wanted to add that when I consciously identified shame chose to cast it aside and focus on being a better version of myself in the future I was back in a better place very quickly. Take it easy on yourself. 
I blew it yesterday. spent most of the day drinkin beer at home then went to a bar for several hours. wasn't really fun either. it was a 'special' day and i just couldn't handle being alone or sitting there sober. keep trying life is not over yet. i'll keep trying too.
Congrats on your decision to stop drinking.  It was way easier than I thought it would be (about 90% of the time).  So it's just those 10% that I had to watch out for at first.   Reading about quitting helped me a lot.   I read *This Naked Mind* and a bunch of blogs and memoirs.  . .You can do this!
Addiction always finds a way to justify feeding itself I wouldn't feel ashamed I would just use the experience to tell addiction to get stuffed next time it tries to justify itself.
I know what it feels like to keep breaking promises to yourself. It's not an easy task to quit drinking and it's admirable that you've taken on this challenge. .When I drank I numbed out all this pain and bad memories but it only came back in full force with alcohol. Everyone's story is different but I just want to say there's no shame in seeking help. AA meetings can help getting a sponsor can help getting a therapist can help... it's nice to be around others who understand and above all you are not alone in this struggle. I will not drink with you today!.
I feel you!!!! I had over a year and then drank and then I drank again and again. Forcing myself to go on a run and then to a meeting. I started running after last quit and really enjoy it. I always said  meetings aren't for me . But I gotta do something different. Want to go to an AA meeting tonight in your town and I'll go to one in mine and chat after? 
This past 6 months I've been able to put together a few good streaks of sobriety.  I've managed to screw them up but I keep picking myself up.  I battle this one day at a time and some days I fail.  Today I'm on day 3 an really fucking tired.  It would be easier to drink but I can't do that...Stay strong and take it one day at a time.
[removed]
[removed]
