-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cndau/things_i_wish_i_knew_before_i_started/

Hey guys..Currently my counter sits on like 2 weeks but over the past 8 months I've probably been sober for 6 of them. Prior to that I drank in the pro leagues for about the last decade and now have decided that if I don't quit drinking then drinking will quit me. If you're just starting then I hope this gives you some ideas on what you might expect some of these points are just tips to help you hack your way through your first few days. I started my journey about 8 months ago and so far here's what I've learned. I might not be the poster boy for recovery but I like to think it get better at it every day...1: Relapse is common. I've had 3 since I started my journey ranging from 1 to 3 weeks where I've gone back to old habits. It's not a failure so long as you realise why it happened and learn from it for next time. My first wasn't because I had a bad day but because I was having a great one and wanted to reward myself. Now I take my wife out to dinner it costs the same and I don't throw it up later...2: Each attempt gets easier. On my first attempt I felt angry that I couldn't drink. The same kind of anger you get when the power goes out and you have nothing to do you just walk around lost... I lasted about a week before I caved. But imagine if the power went off for a month. At some point you you'll just learn to read by candlelight. Coming off my most recent relapse thinking about drinking hasn't even really been a thing... it's like 2 weeks and I haven't even approached a bottle shop...3: There's always an excuse to drink. When I got started and on some of my earlier relapses I was reluctant to stop drinking again because of some event coming up or because tomorrow's Friday or because I still have half a bottle of bourbon and I'll just finish that... you can stop today right now even if you're still drunk if you wait for the circumstances to be optimal (whatever that means) you could be waiting a long time to take the next step...4: Keep something interesting to drink around the house.. I like sweet iced tea and Ribena but I've heard people swear by la Croix and sparkling fruit juice... you do you... depending on what and how much alcohol you currently drink per night you'll probably need to start hydrating a lot. Also it feels right having something on hand to sip...5: Meal times and early nights help at the start. YMMV but I found that eating a satiating dinner at like 5:00 PM or as soon as I got home and putting myself into bed an hour or so later helped create a behavioural intervention that got in the way of my drinking now when drinking is on my mind I treat myself to an early night..6: Sleep might suck for about a week. I got the sweats and general insomnia some people have much harder symptoms than me like I mentioned above get to bed early and you might avoid some of the discomfort of the withdrawals ..7: You'll get used to other people being drunk around you. This was a confronting idea for me that other people would be having fun without me but in honesty I far prefer the option of leaving the party whenever I like because I can drive and offering a lift home to people.. car karaoke with drunk people is like car karaoke with sober people except no one holds back...8: Your recycling bins have room for all the shit you have been wanting to throw away in like for ever. That tv box from last year? The amazon box that could have fit a flat pack living room in it when all you ordered was batteries? Now that my recycling bin is empty I have no more BS trash around my house any more..9: I have some extra cash... I actually contribute about double to my savings now so I might actually be saving enough to one day get a house..10: Don't give up trying. In the past 10 years I tried a few times and failed and said to myself  welp I guess I'm just not cut out for sobriety  that got me nowhere and it wasn't a productive attitude. Quitting is hard but rewarding not quitting will be harder in the long term. ..If you're just starting today or maybe just thinking about it then I hope this list helps prepare you and somewhat motivate you in hour endeavour. Iwndwyt!..
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for that!! I needed to read that right now. Booze brain will literally give you a bunch of nonsense reasons to go ahead and have that drink. I'd rather not throw up too. Thanks for sharing that!! 
Thank you!! Especially liked your power outage analogy. I will remember that one. And always happy to hear that people eventually can be around drinking/drunk people without being either irritated or lonely. I hope that's me one day. 
This is an excellent post - thank you!
Recycling bins made me lol. 
THREE!!!!! ..I have done so many things sober that I thought I  had  to drink at. 
Thanks for sharing what you have learnt. As regards no. 5 I have also learnt that eating early makes a difference. It tempers that intense craving for booze when I get home after work. I used to have endless gin and tonics after work and sometimes ended up not eating or forget that I had eaten. A strong cup of coffee brushing teeth and a short programme on TV following an early meal and then early bed is working for me for now. I am taking it day by day and if that is what J have to do to survive I will do it - Non-habit forming sleeping tablets from my GP helps a lot.
Thank you for this. Day 1 for me today and it's nice to hear others' experiences. 
Definitely #4! I find lots of interesting nonalcoholic beverages help. I still definitely have the habit of sipping on something constantly in the evenings. 
Thanks Bro great to hear from your experience. 
Super post
Great post thanks. 
Good timing. I need to do a trip to the grocery store for some sodas etc... will try to stop fighting atm and come back with some pizza and turn on the tv
Thank you so much for this. Someone will always need to hear what you have to say or can relate in this arena.  I appreciated the honesty and the lack of preaching about AA in your post. 
This is all fantastic advice. Well said and very appreciated.
Most excellent post!!!!  
Ugh the rewarding yourself is what gets me into trouble every time too.  House is clean its been 10 days might as well have a glass. Permission giving is what does me in. Taking your wife out instead of buying booze is a great idea I have to try that 
Thank you. This is my millionth Day One in the last two years.
I'm on day 1 - again. I've been following SD for about a month now and I'm ready to get serious about my recovery. ..My longest streak has been 10 days. Point #3 really hits home for me. I'm already thinking about my little brother coming to visit me in two weeks (he's finally old enough to drink) and a vacation I have planned with friends in early October. I haven't told them I want to get sober but I need to. I know they'll all understand.
Thank you for this. Tomorrow will be two weeks for me and I really wanted to drink today. I've had a cold all weekend and everything has just felt so boring. I feel boring. But for tonight I will go to bed sober. Alcohol won't make things better. Going to bed early a show on Netflix my crochet project and a glass of OJ will! 
Thanks - great post. As a matter of fact I am starting today. 4 and 5 - yes!! My kid will love the earlier dinner times v. the complicated cooking projects I'd often engage in just to have a little more kitchen time which also happened to be wine time.
Bottle shop.  Found the British guy.  ..Sincere thanks for the info.
This is really great stuff. Thanks for this!..&amp;#x200B;
That was wonderful to read. Thank you so much for taking the time for this post. I'm glad to see that you used your slips as learning tools and that's what I'm hoping I'm doing this time around. Learning from my previous mistakes. I'm thinking it may be an early night for me not much to do around the house so may as well get a wonderful night sleep and be rested for tomorrow!
Oh how I needed this! Thank you sincerely! 
Thank you. Needed this today and will not drink with you. 
This is a great post. Thanks for sharing.
Thank u
Thanks for this! Today was not "my finest hour" and your post reinforced my resolution not to give up! Especially the thought of not having the loudest frigging recycle bin in the neighborhood when the trash truck comes by. So many bottles and cans....its embarrassing.  
Haha the recycling bin. So true. I would be chomping at the bit for the biweekly pickup because I had to look at all my bottles and yes the errant cardboard that I just couldn't manage to take down the steps to the curb...
Great post!  Thanks for sharing your journey.
Thanks for your time making the list! Loved reading about how you've fallen off but gotten back up again. This year has been a lot of that for me but I do want to change and won't stop trying! Helps to hear others have struggled too so I know it's okay to have a hard time with this. Anything else I just make the decision and do it... but this alcohol stuff. Sheesh. 
My wife messaged me this thread we are also trying to quit and I just had my first relapse after 2 weeks glad to hear that all isn't lost. Ima keep on keeping on. To be honest it seems a lot like quitting coffee I'm like why am I doing this. I'm also wrighting this during my first relapse so hopefully i get my shot together.  Glad to here that you got your shot together hopefully this inspired me and gives me enough to pull through.  ..Thanx
thanks for the tips
Thanks for sharing!! That will surely be helpful to me and a lot others
Your point 3 had me stuck for literally years. Oh there's no point not drinking tonight because tomorrow's Thursday and I'll drink then and then it's Friday so of course I'll drink and then there's a party on Saturday.....Turns out you can do all of that stuff sober (and way more than half of the time I was drinking I wasn't even doing anything - just sitting alone wasting time)..
Thank you for this. I recently passed the 4 month mark but I've been struggling more the last couple of weeks than I have since the first few weeks. I guess I haven't felt true cravings (or maybe it's just different) but I've been feeling a lot of anger (and maybe despair?) over not "being able" to drink anymore. ..What helps me is knowing how much weight I've lost due primarily to stopping drinking (and stopping the overeating I always did while I drank). I'm down almost 45 pounds this year and all I've really done is stop drinking and practice some half-hearted intermittent fasting. I eat more junk food now than I have in years but I'm still losing weight which is pretty great...I LOVE your power outage analogy. As someone else here said I'll have to remember that for the future...Thanks again!
The power outage analogy is so true... I love that!
This is a great read I'm on what feels like the millionth day 1. I'm discovering that Reddit is a very good place to be. Thank you
I see your point. I am happy that in the last two years I regularly do at least 40 days and have done 3 to 4 months at a time. But I do like to know the cumulative days when I start over. I am so impressed when I see people with a super high number of days.
Spot on on all of this. Near enough a carbon copy on all points for me. ..Good post. 
Thank you for all of this!  So much of it I felt like I wrote myself.  Rewarding myself with alcohol in particular as that is what my reason was for screwing up and drinking this weekend (waiting for badge reset).  I got one solid week in then thew it all away.  But I am not giving up!  I will NOT drink with you today. 
[removed]
Number 4 is espeacilly good love to have something non alcoholic to drink in the evening when i would usually get wasted. Just something cold and refreshing sparkling water sometimes soda
