-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9co3zz/i_feel_better_than_ever/

Hey y'all! I hope everybody is doing well. I can't be grateful enough for finding this sub so thank you all for being here with me...I just wanted to tell about the great alcohol-free weekend I had. ..On saturday evening I went to the theatre and loved it. It was a musical play about the life of a singing diva from my country. Her life has not been easy on her and the man she loved the most was an alcoholic. It's just sad and it moved me deeply to see her struggling with taking care of him her worrying about their baby's safety around his dad. At some point she asks him to put the bottle down and it struck me deeply in my heart. The last time I got really drunk I almost hurt my GF's cat and it instantly came to my mind as I watched the great actresses on stage.  .Afterwards we went to a bar had great food and didn't drink. It was so empowering not feeling I could blow it at any moment. I realized I was always worried I would get drunk and be a dick to my GF or my friends. This time I was free in control happy and confident. I'm determined not to let alcohol ruin any more nights for me. Then we all got ice cream. It's like being a kid again. And I mean it in a good way.  ..Later when we were in bed I told my GF I had found this sub and that I intend to stop drinking for good. I could see in her eyes how happy she got when she learned that and it made me feel stronger than ever. She's being really supportive. ..I'm glad I have my life back...I will not drink with you today! Have a great week.
----------immediate responses--------

That's awesome. Glad you are here. 
Congrats on your decision to stop drinking.  It's a decision that I never regret even if it's not always easy.  IWNDWYT!
Congrats! Great feeling ay. My nights out would mean a lot of worrying how much to drink what to drink how to get home and how to avoid a hangover..Now I just have fun!..IWNDWYT. 
