-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9codh7/sobriety_or_how_i_learned_to_stop_worrying_and/

\*Disclaimer: I'm not trying to give medical advice here just share an experience. I think this drug worked for me because I really really wanted to quit drinking but needed a little extra push. Listen to what your doctor has to say not some crazy rambling person on the internet. Also get a psychiatrist they're great. ..Hey guys..I've been visiting this subreddit for over a year now but I've only been able to maintain sobriety for the past month. I don't see antabuse discussed to often here so I feel hesitant in bringing it up but it was incredibly helpful to me and I wanted to share my experience...This summer I feel into a very depressive mood due to a number of things in my life changing. Of course I dealt with that with some of the worst drinking I've ever done. I truly wanted to quit; I did the whole ceremonial dumping of vodka at 5 in the morning but I couldn't last more than 3ish days without drinking. I was previously aware of antabuse but didn't want to try it because I didn't actually want to quit drinking...Some switch in me flipped about a month ago and I was so tired and done with alcohol. Antabuse helped me transfer that desire into action. I struggle with delayed gratification and I am impulsive. Antabuse counters all of that behavior. For me it has been a godsend. Please keep in mind that I have been working with a psychiatrist and therapist which is very important in recovery but the combination has been incredible...Breaking the habit of drinking just for a week was monumental. I've heard quitting drinking described as a break-up of a bad relationship which always sounded weird to me but now makes total sense. I had no idea how time alcohol was taking up how much bandwith it took up in my brain. Now it seems like half my life was dedicated to drinking thinking about drinking planning drinking worrying about drinking ect. I'm only in my first month of sobriety but even now i'm confused how I managed to drink every day for 3 years or why I even wanted to. I'm finally feeling like the person before I started drinking and its kind of scary and overwhelming but so much better. I've been a shell of my former self for the past three years being led around by alcohol. Being able to go even just a week without drinking helped me finally see that...Life is still not perfect and I still have cravings and feel tempted to not take my medications but it's been getting easier over time. And life has improved drastically. ..TL;DR Antabuse 10/10 would recommend if you are in a very specific stage of recovery and  need a little extra "IF YOU DRINK YOU MIGHT DIE" motivation.
----------immediate responses--------

