-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cpqst/day_2_again_jeez_catty_youre_such_a_freaking/

First off you all are awesome and amazing. Seriously. For someone who suffers from 'oh gosh no one likes me because I'm just so gosh darn awful' syndrome the amount of support I've received from this group has been phenomenal and humbling. ..Ya'll are helping me believe in me which is no easy feat. ..I've spent the past 6-8 years using alcohol to cover up some pretty painful stuff. I've posted before about how alcohol was my armor. It's so easy to grab a bottle (or two) and numb out push those feelings aside bury them because hey no need to feel them you're fine. And if you're not fine well then just drink some more. And if you start feeling anything? Just drink some more. ..I've spent my 30s pasting a plastic smile on my face being productive and polite by day and quietly hating myself and drinking into oblivion by night. ..I don't want to do that anymore. ..So here I am. The armor is off. Raw. Scared. Vulnerable. Overwhelmed by it. I've posted about it before. It's old news now. Little Catty is afraid of everything and she drank to hide that. ..This group is teaching me that it's okay to feel. Okay to be sad. Okay to struggle. Okay to be angry. Okay to rise and fall and stand up again. Okay to celebrate small victories and if you get mad because you can't figure out how to make a Soda Stream work that's okay too. It doesn't mean you're a failure. ..Thanks for walking this journey with me. I wish I was making it a nicer one. I can't do that right now. But I can make it an honest one. No more hiding the truth out of fear. ..In support and solidarity. Thank you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Rock on!
I can't hold my soda stream down I have to release it when it lights up.  Then quickly- not too quickly but also not too slowly- press again.    sometimes that's too difficult.  I really like regular water a lot!  Hope your day is good buddy iwndwyt 
&gt; Thanks for walking this journey with me. I wish I was making it a nicer  one. I can't do that right now. But I can make it an honest one. No more  hiding the truth out of fear ..Who said anything about this journey being nice for any of us?  It's a necessary journey.  We have all fallen.  Hell I relapsed 365 days a year for almost the last 40 years!  I think you are on to something by being as honest as you can.  You always have the armor of anonymity here and I can't think of a better equipped group of people to help keep you focused and motivated than this group.  I will not drink with you today.  
That's just great... to take us all as we are.  The tired the weak the lame.... were good.  
Hey Catty....I like you.  And guess what?  I'm super scared and overwhelmed everyday too.  It sucks but we're both here and we'll get through it!  We got this!!..
Same. Scared little girl since age 16. 33 now. Was still drinking away my parents divorce. Not showing my feelings. Not getting anything I really wanted (I didn't know what I wanted!). I love this post thank you 
You are not alone.  We are walking this recovery path together looking out for each other and providing an assist whenever necessary.
