-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ctc3y/how_do_i_do_this_alone/

First of all I'd just like to say that the supportive nature of this sub has given me the courage to try to talk about this issue. I am (majorly) bad at talking about my problems and also find that as someone under 30 my tentative attempts to classify my drinking as problematic are brushed off as dramatic temporary or unecessary (I'm sure of course that this happens to many other groups of people as well; it just seems to be a particular issue for me in my position as what I think would be categorised as high-functioning and relatively young). As you can see I'm pretty new here &amp; I'm basically trying to act upon the knowledge I've had for around 10 years that I need to stop drinking. During these 10 years alcohol has lead to me being in the hospital putting myself in stupidly risky situations and just generally so much anxiety and pain. However after a few days I get back into the way of thinking that this is how young people are supposed to behave that it's socially acceptable and that I need to drink until falling down in order to fit in. A healthy dose of social anxiety does not help with this as you can imagine. After so much deliberation I contacted a group (particularly for younger alcoholics) at some point last year however they did not respond (pretty upsetting to think that there are people out there in much worse situations than myself who possibly did not get support in a really tough moment). And to be honest I'm too intimidated to attend a group which I know will be mostly older men (I'm not making any judgments I'm sure they would be extremely supportive - it's just not something I could handle right now). So this is my first step for now. I have no idea how to proceed as any attempts I've made in the past have ended with me convincing myself it's okay for me to drink like other people - when I know it is just absolutely not. I am not great with typical self-help books as I tend to be kind of cynical and I downplay my issues when talking to e.g. a counsellor because I struggle to communicate the extent of my problem in person. (Why am I saying I'm fine...?)  I'm just done with being devastatingly disappointed in myself - I want to make my family proud and be the best person I can be. Thanks for any advice you can give in advance and I just want to say that you all give me a lot of hope. 
----------immediate responses--------

Some people here might say just go to AA and they're talking from their own experiences there are apparently AA groups for women only which may help you also.  Personally I didn't feel the need for AA I'm doing this for myself so I find my strength in my own achievements. The might be the daily badge increment or a weekend away with my SO knowing I did far more because I didn't have a hangover....This might not work for you but I decided pretty early on that if anyone gives me shit for not drinking I'll just say outright I'm an alcoholic and shame them into shutting up.  Honestly I have spent a lot of time since quitting meeting new people and sometimes in very boozy situation and only once really felt the need to use that out as mostly people just don't care whether I drink.  You might be surprised how little other people care what you drink and how little they notice especially if you just keep a soft drink in a glass.  You know what drunks do appreciate a ride home and the next day you can get a lot of thanks for looking after the one who went too far.
Welcome!  Afraid I can't give you tips about stopping under 30 but I can tell you I definitely showed a lot of warning signs then that we all just put down to youthful behaviour and laughed off... until I was 40 with a big drink problem that wasn't cute or funny at all any more...If you think it's a problem *you are right*   nobody knows what you want better than you.  Trouble is I developed a little voice in my head that told me a drink would make everything better. That wasn't me either but it definitely took over for a while. ..I'd normally recommend reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace which really helped me rethink a lot of what had become very misguided beliefs about what alcohol was doing for me by the time I stopped. Maybe see if you can set aside your cynicism   I found a lot of mine was linked to defensiveness of my own bad choices anyway!..I know it's hard enough to reach out to a group in real life once let alone repeatedly if you get a knock back but I suspect that making sober friends will be really important (it was less so for me being older as a lot of my friends got sensible years ago anyway).  I hope you're brave enough to keep trying till you find support.  I expect other people will have more to offer on this subject than me...I still hang out on this sub quite a bit and find it really helpful; I hope you will too.  I have some tips for sober party-going somewhere I could dig out but I won't do that here as this is long already.  I'll send them later if you like.  ..Best wishes though   you can do this!  It's OK to be different in this regard   it's one of those times where it's really not you it's the rest of the world  ;)  ..Happy to not drink with you today...PS Oooh get a badge and try the daily check in too.  They might help with motivation and feeling less alone.
Hey buddy As long as you keep coming back to this sub you aren't alone. The people here have a lot of wisdom and experience and they share it freely. ..We all struggle with one or another aspect of getting sober. But I guess we just try and get by with a bit of help from our friends. ..If you ain't wanting to head to a meeting there's a lot of ways to get started. The first things I did was get a whole bunch of non-alcoholic drinks like tonic lemonade and herbal teas and a lot of chocolate fruit and nice foods to hit in the evenings when I'd usually be treating myself to a drink. I also started making mediation exercise and reading more regular habits in my life. You don't need to go to a meeting to work the 12 step programme. Especially the first couple of steps. ..As rough as it seems at the moment things change old habits can get left in the dust. Taking it one day at a time is how we do it.
Few or maybe even none of here on StopDrinking have done this alone!  Join up... welcome to the club. This place here is my sole support and so far so good.  I post occasionally comment from time to time. Get involved.. give it a shot no time like the present. Iwndwyt 
There are all kinds of recovery groups out there...I'd call the central office for them and ask about groups for younger people because they exist.
Why would you want to do it alone?
