-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cxepm/50_days_today/

Hey everyone don't really have a lot to say but felt like I wanted to check in on my 50th day...I don't really comment bar my daily commitment to not drink but I do read a lot and take so much strength from you all...I have been head down watching each step as I walk away trying to put as much distance between me and my drinking as I can. At some point I want to stop take in the view look around and reflect on my journey. I had planned to do that on 50 days but I don't feel ready yet. I need to keep on walking and get myself further away from the wreckage...Maybe I'll feel ready to share more in the future once I feel far enough away. For now though I wanted to check in and say hi and thanks to you all for being brave enough to share your struggle. I don't contribute much but I certainly appreciate being here...  
----------immediate responses--------

50 days! What an accomplishment you're exactly where you wanted to be 49 days ago. That's gotta feel good. I aspire to be in your position here in 3 or 4 weeks. ..Here's to your next 50. IWNDWYT or ever.
Congratulations on 50 days!    IWNDWYT. Hugs  
 Congratulations. Interesting and beautifully written post 
Yeah 50 days feels good.  It also feels for me like I'm still beginning this journey ('cause I am) but at least the journey has gotten a lot easier and I'm now able to see the possibilities and notice the simple beauty life has to offer.  I am also quitting my 'harm reduction' crutch that made it possible to get me off of the booze today...cannabis.  Guess I'll be joining r/leaves today too!  Welp onward and....I will not drink with you today...&amp;#x200B;..I wish you the very best of luck.  You're doing fantastic!
Support!  I'm not sure what to say either besides keep going I know sometimes it's tough but the view on this journey grows steadily more incredible as we go on towards freedom.  IWNDWYT 
keep on going forward x well done 
Well done. 51 comes next. You'll reflect when you're ready and we'll be here. IWNDWYT. 
Well done.
