-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9cxme6/rock_bottom/

My anxiety is at an all-time high today.  This weekend I made choices that I am so ashamed to even type out...&amp;#x200B;..I drank...so much...two fifths of vodka in just 3 days.  And I drove.  Far.  I am in shock that I didn't get pulled over hurt myself or hurt someone else...&amp;#x200B;..I drank all day in a social setting that was supposed to be a sober event.  I am currently sitting here fearful that I was discovered.  That I wasn't as sneaky as I thought.  I don't remember most of the weekend and am surprised that no one called me out on my behavior.  Could it be that they really didn't notice what I was doing? ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm just sick to my stomach with guilt.  Any tips on forgiving myself?  Getting through the anxiety that will come in these first few days post-relapse?..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm sorry you're dealing with this. I did unconscionable things while drunk and while sober to hide my problem and I think I'll probably deal with the guilt of some of it for the rest of my life. ..Knowing that if I can stay sober I never have to feel that way again helps me. It's cold comfort because the remorse is still here but it's still something. ..Good luck on your journey. You can do this! .
Good luck.  I don't miss those fears and anxiety one bit. IWNDWYT 
[removed]
This past weekend was my last straw went to Oktoberfest and ended up cheering on my wife with my SIL's GF I never thought I would do anything like that. I told my wife as soon as I realized the gravity of what I had done. She wouldn't talk to me for two days I was positive I had destroyed no marriage. I cried I contemplated suicied and then I came to the conclusion I had to fight and show her I will change...I came to this sub got some amazing support got convinced to go to a meeting. When I showed her that I went to a meeting and that I would do anything to fix this she agreed to give me a chance. I have a long road ahead of me to rebuild what I had broken. But I will do what I can...Stay here there are some amazing people in this sub who want to help you. You can get through this and get to a better place. ..Hi I'm /u/Stretchsquiggles I'm an alcoholic and I Will Not Drink With You Today. 
Take a deep breath this to shall pass.  Our alcohol fueled activities cause us so much anxiety and anguish.  And then we drink more to try and feel better.  We are on fire and trying to put it out with gasoline.  It takes strength to break out of the cycle.  Try a meeting any meeting.  Just listen leave if you need to.  You will find strength among others.  The nightmare can end.  You can find peace.  I believe in you sober sally :)
That anxiety was my life for the better part of the last 4 years. What did I do? Will I get caught? If not this time then when? But making the decision to stop has relieved me of that fear of the unknown and unknowable. I still have stress but about things I can see and react to which makes it infinitely more bearable. I look forward to never feeling that way again. Let's not drink today together!
