-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9czqq2/i_love_all_of_you/

Hey. I just wanted to say I love all of you here. I might not really know you but we are all in this together and we might fall every now and then and struggle with our lives but we gotta keep going. I hope all of you know that there are people in your life who love and care for you. I don't even know you and I still care about you. Just imagine how much people who actually know you must care about you. Idk... It's 2:30 am where I'm at and I just wanted to let you know. Maybe this will make someone's day a little brighter. Stay strong okay? You are loved and cared for. 
----------immediate responses--------

I sound corny as hell. 
Isn't fellowship a wonderful thing?
That's a lovely thing to post thank you made me smile for sure x
I need to hear that thank you      
Thank you for that!   
I love this and I love you too. I so needed to see this right now. Truly thank you. &lt;3 
I needed that. Thanks
We love you too!  Thanks for such a thoughtful and kind post.  Great job on those 3 days they're a big deal!!  
Corny? No! I get what you mean. I've become very fond of this group. You have made some peoples day brighter as we hope to brighten your day. Strength in numbers I always say. We are all trying to get to the same place so it's natural to reach out to someone in need. I think that is what makes this work so well for many. One helping another and the funny thing is this is happening online. Awesome to me. I will not drink with you today.
Such a wonderful message.  I feel the same way.  I love everybody here.  IWNDWYT 
I love you too friend!
Thank you for the kind words. I love you and this community too. 
thanks! peace and love
I love you and this community too.
Thank you!  I love you too!!!!!
I LOVE this group and you too. 
Right back at ya brother I haven't needed to lean on this place yet and hopefully never need to but knowing I have a place for support is so good.
Thanks friend! IWNDWYT.
Amen!  I am 30 days sober tomorrow and think of this group often like when feeling stressed and missing oblivion or even more often when feeling strong and like I'm part of a great community- that being y'all!!   
Thank you x
You're so nice!!! Tks and IWNDWYT 
