-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d1jgm/might_need_a_little_help_tonight/

Hello everyone. Im back. About 4 years ago I used this subreddit to quit for two years. Then my daughter almost died and I had a severe relapse. I started drinking because sobriety didn't solve my problems and I needed to escape. Now I need to be sober again. Again I've  learned that I have no control that moderation is impossible that when I drink problems arise not only with me but with people around me who are influenced by me and try to drink like I do. It impacts everyone and everything. Family job performance creative process motivation forward planning...I need to stop...Im on sober day number 9 today. After 2 years of daily abuse. My mom died a few weeks ago and I went straight to hell. But I gotta get out. Somebody posted the quote about sobriety not opening the gates of heaven but closing the gates of hell the other day and that hit me like a shovel. When I quit before I thought everything would be perfect. Because it was so much better. But no matter what there are always going to be issues we can't control. Especially death. I think I need to face death with clear eyes...Anyway if you have read this far please give me some encouragement. Tonight I'm playing live music with a band that drinks in a bar that gives us free beer. I will not drink but the temptation will be severe and I'll need to check in again and again to steel myself. I know I can do it. I got this subreddit I got a posse. I will not drink goddammit. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sending hugs and telling you you can do it. Lose yourself in the music if you can. I will send good vibes to you.
Welcome back. Fuck yeah we're your posse. Play the tape forward-- you know how because you've done it before? How are you going to wake up tomorrow? ..I'm sorry you're struggling. Sounds like life has been damn hard on you lately. Glad you're ready to sober up. Like you said won't solve everything but drinking is making things worse. You got this. IWNDWYT.
Drinking won't bring anyone back or anything positive your way. Your loved ones who've passed... maybe imagine them seeing you stay sober and play your heart out for them.  ? .It will only make tomorrow suck ass
I feel ya. I used my drinking to escape painful shit--two of my brothers died last year. I was already addicted but I ramped things up. I've now been sober 4 four months and just last week my first grandson was born and rushed right into intensive care. He almost died and was touch and go for a few days...He's still in intensive care but he's getting better. And it has been so good (though painful) for me to sober and actually deal with this rather than drink and avoid it. It's also made me a support to my son rather than another burden...I'm not playing in a bar with free beer (though I do play!) but I have a vulnerable circumstance too--my wife is in Nashville (5 hours away) helping my son and his wife so they can stay at the hospital. She's been gone for 5 days now and I'm not sure when she's coming home. So I'm alone with no accountability but my own and it would be real easy to drink. And hey I could even convince myself I've got a good reason to...But I've got a better reason not to. A bunch of reasons--including a new little guy that I can't wait to meet...So IWNDWYT. You can do this...P.S. That heaven and hell quote you mentioned? It hit me right in the gut too--it's the story of my sobriety. I even wrote it down in my kitchen yesterday. I get it...
I'm fighting temptation as well tonight.  I'm sorry to hear about your mom  I lost my mom and dad I while back and I know how tough that is.  Stay strong! You're on day nine.. You'll be at double digits tomorrow.  We can do this! IWNDWYT 
Yeah life isn't perfect when you're sober but it's real and it's raw.  If you escape with a drink it doesn't make life any less real for the ones who count on you. In fact it does the opposite cause now they have to deal with the hardships of life *and* the fact that you checked out.  I didn't realize that until after I quit. I selfishly thought I was the only one I was affecting...Find out who you're quitting for for the duration of  tonight. Sometimes you do it for you sometimes for others. Sometimes the drink sneaks into your mind and convinces you that others will be fine without you - When that happens find something else to do it for until it subsides.  There's always a good reason to not poison your body...Stay strong and love you brother.
Stay here with us.  Don't listen to the evil alcohol bitch.  She will try to convince you that she is lovely and there for you... And then tomorrow when you wake you will see who she really is.  A big lying looser.  Ignore her flirtatious come-on's.  She's a man eater.
Wow ... that quote not opening the gates of heaven but closing the gates of hell... wow
 Best of luck. As many say I've never regretted not drinking. The problems are there regardless of the alcohol - drinking will only compound your problems.
Hang in there! I know exactly how you feel--my husband's band plays all the time and normally I would use that as an excuse to get absolutely wasted. The first time I got through a whole show sober felt like my own personal Everest. After that it got easier and easier. IWNDWYT
Welcome back. I'm newish so glad to meet you. You've got this! I'm sorry for your recent loss. Sober on.
"I need to face death with clear eyes"..I'm sorry about the loss of your mom. I lost my grandmother days ago and i don't know what to do with myself or how to allow myself to grieve. I don't want to drink but I wish I could escape from the pain and feeling the way that I do. If I had been drinking I wouldn't have had that much clarity I can't even imagine how I'd be feeling or dealing with her death. It's hard enough on it's own there's no reason to make it harder. ..Welcome back I wish you peace and clarity. You've done this before you can do it again. As for tonight I will use my favorite quote "alcohol doesn't just jump into your mouth you have to put it there." Don't put it there even if it's free...and I love me some free stuff :)
Hope your gig is great! We are all rooting for you. You had a good sober time 4 years ago so you know you can do it. What kind of music do you play anyway? Best wishes
We are with you. IWNDWYT. 
We got this friend no matter what life throws at us we know booze cant fix it hope you owned your set!
Nice! Welcome back.  I was sober in AA for the death of both parents and a dear friend and my husband's cancer but not sober for his death. Now I need to be sober again to deal with parenting a grieving kid and just being a better me and advancing in my career and the challenges that face me as a single parent. It hurts either way but I can deal better in the long-run sober.
