-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d1p1s/struggling/

Hey guys.  This is my first post... and my first real attempt at quitting drinking in 15 years (a part from my 2 pregnancies) today will be my 4th day and today is HARD.  Just had a petty argument with my husband but then I told him this is making me want to have a drink.  He scoffed and chuckled if me trying to quit is some sort of joke.  I just need to hear some reasons to keep at it.  I will NOT drink but need some sort of motivation in terms of why im doing this.
----------immediate responses--------

Proving him wrong might be fun.  
Stay strong. Write a hand written letter to your husband about how you feel and about how he can support you. If anything this will allow time to pass along with the urge to drink. 
Clear mind. Energy for your kids. Having fun with your kids. Weight loss. Proud of yourself. Challenge yourself. Prove them wrong..Lots of complete strangers from all around the world cheering you on supporting you and very very proud of you for every 24 hours you do not take a drink!!!!!!..IWNDWYT! 
I am sorry he is not treating you kindly about this. That's just not right. You're doing this for you! I would use that chuckle and doubt from him as strong motivation to prove him wrong. You got this! Stay strong! 
Stopping drinking took me from a nightmare to a real life again.  It's so worth it.  I'm rooting for you!
It isn't about him. It is about you and your kids. Stay strong. 
Not letting adversity rule my life. If I have a bad day it's ok. There will be many more. 
This is about proving to yourself you don't have to drink. Alcohol is poison to your body. Your children need you. You can do it!! It's not easy but it's worth it!
You can do this. The early days are really hard. Treat yourself with kindness and soon you will feel better. So much better. Hang in there and take it moment by moment.  IWNDWYT 
Thank you guys so so much.  These comments are EXACTLY what I needed to hear.  I'm overwhelmed with the support system.  IWNDWYT!
Do you ever gag when you brush your tongue in the morning?  It's alcohol related and goes away...&amp;nbsp;..Do you ever have horrible diarrhea in the mornings?  It's alcohol related and goes away...&amp;nbsp;..Admittedly there are better reasons to quit but sometimes it's the little things in life.
You are doing it for YOU. You can do this. He scoffed and chuckled. This is like something that needs to be proved. I know I can be competitive so I would see it as a challenge. You got this girl! I will not drink with you today
Hope you can find the support you need. On the other hand don't use others' lack of ability to walk your walk as a reason to drink! You got this.
My husband was/is less than stellar in the support department. We were drinking buddies for 17 years ever since I was 19-20 so it's hard on both of us. It's about me and my desire to be healthier and to be a sober loving healthy parent to my child. I want to live a long time with a high quality of life and I want to be a good example to him (like my mom even though it took me 37 years to realize she has a good thing going mostly being a teetotaler) I now never worry about my child having a sober driver home if we go out or if he gets sick or has an accident. I'll always be there for him. I am still so annoyed by my husband's drinking but it's getting easier. All the best to you.
Because you *want* to or you wouldn't have stopped in the first place.  Don't listen to the naysayers (even if one of them is married to you).
