-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d45se/i_want_it_all_i_want_it_now/

So day 5. Fair enough. There have been many day 5s. But I realise one thing I and I think a lot of people who struggle with addictive behaviour suffer from is delayed gratification. I want to feel good now I want to have lost weight already have glowing skin uninteruppted sleep my life transformed. I've stopped drinking for fucks sake. Where are the results?..I think relapses in the past often contained this element. I want my reward and I want it now.
----------immediate responses--------

Oh fuck yes. I realised I wanted that instant reward. So when I didn't get it the healthy way I went looking for the unhealthy. Slowly with time I've worked hard to change them habits to talk positive to myself like "Okay I didn't get the result I wanted we'll keep trying.". And now playing the long game at life which is far more rewarding over time than anything else. 
For me it can't be one day at a time I think big picture and plan long term this helps me realise that I won't get everything straight away but I can see it coming up in time and know what I need to do to get there....I want to modify my car into an amazing off road camper I can think of hundreds of modifications I could make running into the tens of thousands of dollars.  I have a list in my head which ranks the modifications based on how much I want them their cost and what they will allow me to achieve.  The end goal is a machine that can take me across Outback Australia on some of the serious 4wd tracks but that is far off.  Right now with a little expenditure and work I can get the kit I need to do some remote beach camping.  With a little more work that camping can be done from a roof top tent.  With a little more I will be able to get onto some less accessible beaches.  I want that ultimate 4wd tourer but I'm damn well going to enjoy driving it to work in the morning too because I know where it's going and am enjoying the process.
Instant gratification is so much more prevalent these days than it used to be. There's an interesting study between instant gratification and social media. The little feel good chemical in our brain that's also linked to gambling and other addictive behaviour lights up when we see a thumbs up on Facebook or a heart on Instagram.  We want the thing we get the thing we feel good. For a little while anyway. And then we feel bad and want it more again.  I'm going off on a tangent a bit here but there's a great book called How To Break Up With Your Phone that explains it better than I can. .
It will take a bit of time for the rewards. Sleep will come back real soon. With 5 months under my belt people mentioned a better skin on my face. Depression and anxiety go real down around months 2-3. I am now chasing month 7 and my life is far from perfect. I still have the same issues I had before but with a clear mind...I also want all good stuff "now" but it takes time...I just keep it on one day at a time that's enough. Even if my life is not perfect I am far batter than 7 months ago...As a bonus I decided to save money. Last time I quit (and relapsed) I was giving me gifts nice meals out and natural juice and expensive food at home. It was fine the (no) alcohol paid for all that...This time however I am cooking more with cheap (yet good) ingredients. I changed my mobile provider quit the gym changed my internet supplier Netflix Amazon and all stuff I could quit that had to be paid for monthly...I can not tell you enough how much I am saving. It is beyond my wildest dreams...I mention that because even if my life has lots of room to improve it has already on the pocket...IWNDWYT
I feel ya. Sitting with the uncomfortable and the painful is so hard. I'm keeping my eye on the goal and taking baby steps trusting that other alcoholics have done it and eventually felt much better for it. And with more time you will start to see benefits. I'm at nearly 30 days and have lost about four pounds sleep more soundly and my skin looks better. That didn't happen until a couple of weeks in. Keep going! IWNDWYT 
