-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d9gs8/just_passed_7_months_without_alcohol_and_wanted/

just a random stream of consciousness here:..- keep trying. I saw counsellors went to AA (lasted about a month the first time) called alcohol helpline read things online talked to friends about it. after a few years of this I went to a treatment center at the start of this year. the separation and "me-time" really helped. even if inpatient treatment isn't something available to you the lesson I learned was that in order to change I had to REALLY change. 25% assing it half assing it 75% assing it... these weren't gonna work. I had to 100% ass it..- relapsing is super common. there's 2 ways you can deal with relapse.. throw you hands up and say "well I drank might as well keep drinking!" or just acknowledge it and immediately get back to your recovery program. the people who acknowledge and jump right back into recovery are much more likely to succeed imo..- yes you'll be bored if drinking was a big part of your days but if you put effort in you will slowly start to find new things to do. boredom was a huge trigger for me and I actively fight boredom by seeking out and scheduling things to do...- don't let others guilt you into drinking or pressure you. don't lie to them  or make excuses - just say I don't drink and leave it at that. leave immediately and stop talking to them if you have to. it took me a while to realize that me not drinking is good for me and anyone who tries to stop that is bad for me (luckily I have a lot of friends with their own substance abuse problems so they "get" me wanting to quit)..- when going out to social events where there is drinking strategies that work for me: a) get there early and only stay for a couple hours max b) have an exit plan (uber a friend to pick you up know what time busses are coming etc) c) if I can feel any single bit of temptation or if it feels like the drinks are flowing a little too fast that's my time to bail d) don't be scared of alcohol and events just be smart about it. don't pretend like you're gonna go out and drink water at a rave for 12 hours - this is setting yourself up for failure. for me I get in and have a few laughs enjoy myself then bounce..- AA is good. I dunno about all areas but I've been to different meetings in 2 different Canadian cities and one American city and they are all kinda similar. to me the most practical thing about AA is that: it's super accessible it's essentially free you're surrounded by like minded people. I've seen many people get way too hung up on mentions of God and Higher Power. also try different meetings if you can...- if you do AA actually get a sponsor do the steps and attend regularly..- SMART recovery is good. especially the exercises. if you do SMART actually do the exercises and get the workbook and attend regularly..- counsellors are good too - I find there's stuff I just can't share in meetings or with my sponsor. or problems I have that still exist without drinking - for me anger is a big one that hasn't gotten any better from being sober...- finally I'll say that yes you will see certain people less. if you have friends that you drink with they'll still be friends with you after you stop but you will have one less thing in common with them. like if I was on a hockey team and stopped playing hockey I wouldn't expect the team to dislike me but I would expect that I won't see them as often. same thing with drinking. in my experience I haven't lost any friends but I certainly see many of them much less - because if they're drinking they don't really want to hang out with a sober guy and if I'm sober I don't really want to hang out with a drinking guy (generally speaking)..I will close by saying that a year ago I knew I needed to stop but didn't know how. now that I've got a bit of time under my belt (and no desire to get back to drinking at all) I can say that what worked for me is all the stuff they tell you about - commit to stop drinking go to AA go to SMART recovery do the work go to counselling go to rehab if you need to. put in the work and good things will come. ..that's my little story/rant/advice..good luck everyone!..
----------immediate responses--------

Would you care to share how your life has changed physically after 7 months? Thank You! 
&gt; I had to 100% ass it..This is an amazing expression.
Thanks for sharing Dawg what worked for you Dawg! Have a great one!
I do go out to raves for 12h with only drinking water (and red bulls). But I understand the sentiment you're trying to express!
Great list.  If anyone is new and reading this list here's some info about AA.  The official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf 
Thanks for this! Congrats again. 
&gt;like if I was on a hockey team and stopped playing hockey I wouldn't expect the team to dislike me but I would expect that I won't see them as often.  ..This idea helped me so much when I first started to reevaluate my relationship with alcohol. When I left a job of course I saw my coworkers less. We were great friends for a while because we sat next to each other for 40 hours a week and we were all chatty and outgoing but I couldn't let the possibility of those friendships fading keep me in a job that was no longer right for me. Even though at one time that job WAS right for me and even though I'd miss those friends. The friend who was right for me did stick (and is sticking through sobriety too!). 
Thank you for your post. It mirrors much of my experience :) 
thank you!..this is great. I want to add that sometimes AA is just all you have. I was just at burning man and I went to an AA meeting there. it was good stuff. I don't agree with everything they said but I got really inspired by knowing that people from different walks of life come there sober. ..it's a great resource..&amp;#x200B;
