-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9d9h72/relapsed_after_39_days/

Don't really know what I'm doing here but I guess I'll post tonight's story. ..I've been lurking this sub on and off for a couple of years. Most of the time I came here and read stories about people not drinking when I was in a good non-drinking mood. Right now I'm not in such a mood but the feeling of having to talk became a little too overwhelming...I have a problem with alcohol. It crept up slowly over the last few years along with another problem - depression..When I first discovered that I could go have a drink in a bar on my own I felt somewhat ecstatic like "Am I really allowed to do that ? Is it really okay ?". I did it once then twice and I guess you know how the story goes from there. I didn't feel like I had a problem with the alcohol itself and I guess I was right. The more I went out to drink on my own - most of the time all night long mid-week calling in sick for work the next day - the more my mood worsened...I started feeling existential dread extreme loneliness and last but not least suicidal thoughts. I acted on them last June and all it got me was a nasty scar and a all-time low self-esteem...Sure after that I got help. Friends family psychiatrists even. At some points I even started to feel better probably thanks to the Zoloft treatment I was prescribed. Hell I had even stopped drinking and smoking and that lasted for a bit over a month...Now you have to understand that in my case it's the alcohol that triggers the suicidal thoughts and acts. Like I know I won't try to end myself while I'm sober. And that's what makes tonight's beers even scarier. I've had two pints and I know I won't stop until I'm either too drunk or too depressed...So there you have it my story for tonight..For all of you who are tempted to get that beer even though you've been sober for several days or weeks just don't. .Trust me it doesn't get better.
----------immediate responses--------

please don't hurt yourself! call someone! call alcohol or depression hotline or something!..sending out love to you!
Thanks for posting this. I believe this shows you have extreme kindness and compassion towards others to warn them of the pitfalls of drinking. Be kind to yourself today and I pray that you get better. 
hang in there tomorrow is a new day! don't get down on yourself. relapses are part of recovery. keep trying!!
I suggest you try Alcoholics Anonymous...When I go to a meeting I know that everyone is there for the same reason as I am.  I can vent about anything that is triggering me be it a TV ad or a friend dying.  No one judges and everyone wants to help.
We're glad that you're here and still looking for support. We do have to remove this post as you admit drinking tonight. [From our FAQ:](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/index#wiki_post_only_while_sober.)..&gt; **Post only while sober.**..&gt; We recognize that many people spend months "lurking" this subreddit while drinking. You are welcome to read as much as you'd like while not sober. However for the sake of everyone here and for the sake of your own recovery please only post or comment when you're sober. "Sober" means "not currently intoxicated or under the influence in any way."
