-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dbnlm/hell_today/

I think i relapsed because i don't wanna admit i have a problem. Or that I'm actually an alcoholic. I think that while This Naked Mind was helpful for me it has worn off and that initial high is gone this is so much harder...Stupid red wine hangover. Today has been HELL. I had to call in sick to work. I have been laying down all day. Finally am eating something but still feel like absolute crap. I knew i was in for it but there was no stopping me. Is this addiction?! Duh. I bought ginger beer and two bottles of sparkling water so that i would have them for the morning that's where my mind was at last night. On getting drunk. I had like two of those box wine things you know the little ones? What's that like a whole bottle of red shitty cheap wine? And a beer. I keep saying   a little bit goes a long way cause i don't really drink anymore  bullshit that is a LOT. For anyone. It should come as no surprise that i feel like crap today. Ughhhh self loathing and nausea. Well I'm not drinking today. So there's  that.  ..I remember that i was grossed out by the second glass and i just kept going anyway. I didn't even reallllly want it. So is this how it's gonna go for me? Can i not do this on my own? I'm good a few days and then back to it? This is my old ways all over again. I sure hope not. I don't have time for AA really and i can't afford therapy. I just need to get my shit together and look at it like - this is a problem for me i have a problem and i am an addict.  
----------immediate responses--------

Can you afford not to make time or spend the money?
Can relate to so much of this... That disgust at the beginning  the fear that this is slow death  the anxiety ... That then falsely disappears as the 4th glass is finished. This vicious cycle that I feel will eventually catch me out and reveal me to the world and it will implode....I had a run of 14d in July and I felt fabulous. Went on hols then and still off wagon since. .This shit is hard. At work now and all is OK...It's that drive home that gets me ... Brings me to the reward wine that is really not a reward but a chain .... Trying 
How long did you stay home today?  Missed 8 hours of work plus the commute?  That's like 10 AA meetings. IWNDWYT 
I'm sorry you are suffering.  AA is donation based.  I didn't get much done outside of staying sober in early sobriety but that was plenty.  Life is chugging along at full speed now.  I'm available for my family and more productive than I had been in the years prior...If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf
You can do this! It is hard but you are worth it.
