-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dfdf8/observations_from_a_71_year_old_who_hasnt_touched/

There is nothing more personal than feeding an addictive pleasure. It is all consuming. Even more so if you are struggling with a relentless battle to quit. It soon becomes the most mentally draining existence imaginable...I learned that when you do finally commit to abstinence an amazing transformation starts. You get a little bit of space in your consciousness for other thoughts and as the days pass the space grows larger. The beginning can be tough. Why shouldn't it be?..Use the space to recognize any and all thoughts about alcohol. Think about it. ..recognize it and make a conscious decision to think about something else..it can be that simple and guess what happens?  You'll start to have thoughts that in every conceivable way reinforce your commitment to abstain...All of us in this community are intuitive.  We all recognize the beast. We all have made a commitment and we will take our own approach to quitting. What makes it easier is knowing that over 100000 uniquely different individuals have so much in common ...Finally I know this to be true...I will not be drinking with you today and I will never drink again and I will never change my mind. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for your insight.
Wow that's the best then.... super good. 
Thank for sharing! It helps. And congratulations on your 391 days. Very well done. 
Very insightful and inspiring! You are proof that you're never too old to change. I really wish my 70 year old Dad would stop drinking. He's such an awesome guy and deserves "the space" that sobriety allows in your head that you speak about...&amp;#x200B;..I won't be drinking today either.
Great observations thank you   
&gt; The beginning can be tough. Why shouldn't it be?..I am working to base my life's decisions on reality and this is one of the key ones. There's no easy way out of the mess I created...but I can get through it. ..The other key piece of reality I am focusing on is: "No it won't be different this time!" More than a couple decades have provided enough evidence despite my wishes my drinking was different.
Thanks so much for the post. It is truly inspiring...I was further reading into cognitive dissonance. It's a good analysis of how the brain tricks ourselves into irrational thinking and drinking driven by our subconscious mind. Who doesn't love a good buzz brought on by alcohol? The warmth of the buzz the Dopamine rush that is so craved. The feel good that releases all of our worries and inhibitions. Yes the party is on in our minds and all around us once that first drink is poured into the body and hits the brain...that transformation that allows us to loosen up and let the good times roll all night long that can carry into the next day or week or month or year...So what is the solution? This is the tricky part because the buzz I enjoyed when I first picked up a drink was vastly different from the several I picked up way down the road when the buzz converted to an active addiction. The tolerance went up in the relentless pursuit of that all feel good dopamine buzz. The solution had to come from within me as I could not find much help to the problem defined cognitive dissonance. I had to find a new way to achieve the feel good state without alcohol or other drugs. My conscious mind had to work hard to balance the reward system so that I was feeling great for the most part without slowly killing myself through chemical dependency...Have I done this in my pursuit of sobriety? Yes!! Was it easy to retrain myself? No!! It was the hardest battle I ever fought in my life. It was much easier to say screw it and pick up a drink for immediate gratification towards the endless pursuit of the feel good state. It's the powerful cunning baffling traits of chemical dependency. I had to rewire my feel good reward system and allow my conscious mind to make small rewards daily so that I kept a balanced smile all day. Sure hobbies interests even a little ice cream or chocolate will factor in on the reward system but in the big picture I needed to break down and reconstruct just about everything in my life to achieve balance...It is amazing the rewards sobriety and serenity can deliver when achieved. Many people out there can't comprehend it if they are stuck on the addiction trail. It doesn't help that all of the advertisements bombard us with their feel good messaging. Alcohol is firmly entrenched in culture. They just don't tell you all of the negatives that will come with the relentless pursuit of that lovely feel good buzz...It is easy now not to pick up a drink as I already know how to reward myself without a drink. But when I was caught up in addiction I couldn't see the forest as that huge set of trees was blocking my view...IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 391 days of Freedom!!     
Nice...IWNDWYT
I really enjoyed reading your post. Thank you. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
This is insightful and gives me hope. Thank you
I just woke up to read your post right now. I was *sleeping*. For me it is one of the greatest gifts of My Sobriety. But what you call  the space  is incredible. I didn't have a name for that until I met you. Thank you. I always think I am the oldest person in our sub. I guess not. Now I know I'm not from Outer Space I'm from Older Space!  
Congrats on your year /u/bwunder1 ...Forgive me for saying but for a man of your vintage your writing style is very modern and fresh. I look forward to future posts from you sir...IWNDWYT
Powerful post! Congratulations on your 391 days!  IWNDWYT
Well said. Great post. Congrats on 1 year!
It's amazing you still managed to quit at this age! Really special:) You seriously should be very proud of yourself. .How did you manage to stop drinking? What made you do it?..I'm asking (and specially made an account for this after 8 months of lurking) because my parents are 65 and 69 and drink a lot every day. I have no idea what I could possibly do to make them stop at this age when it's so ingrained in them and they're very much in denial of their problems. .Feeling worried and hopeless about it...(Alcoholic myself quit for 6 months already - partially because I don't want to become like them).
Great! Thank you for sharing! 
Wonderful post and thanks for sharing.
 " Finally I know this to be true...I will not be drinking with you today and I will never drink again and I will never change my mind ".       This is really the key corner stone to my sobriety. I just use a variety of tools to support that life decision.   
M61 here at 130 something can confirm.   Tis true. I find commitment to be of the utmost importance.  IWNDWYT 
Frisson!
One day at a time
This touched my soul. Thank you. 
Great post!!
I really like your observation about abstinence leading to space for other thoughts. I really need to find something that will fill that gap that I can focus on.
Wonderful post thank you :) 
Wonderful! Congratulations!
Beautifully said and I love the opening line. 
Great post! Thank you!
Wow Sir..Thanks for sharing. This literally brought tears to my eyes. Thank you a million times for caring enough to post something like this online for generations to see and  chew on ...So powerful coming from a man of your stature and so true...I never thought about how not being shackled to an addiction really does allow you to be free in so many ways and you are correct. ..The freedom does starts with and expands within your mind. The very root of your entire existence...IWNDWYT
Hello /u/bwunder1! ..**High^FIVE for 392 days!**       ..Nice to meet you. I am a 77 yr old woman. Thanks for posting!
Posts like this are why I keep coming back to SD. Congrats on nearly 400 days! My mental space is starting to open up as well. Committing to abstinence is hard but the peacefulness it brings is so worth it; if I were still trying to drink in "moderation" my mental space would be full and crowded with all the obsessive thoughts around when and where to drink how much etc. IWNDWYT!
Thank you so much for this post.  IWNDWYT.
IWNDWYT:)
You are singing my song so true so true!   Bless your heart my friend  
Love this. Thanks for your insight!
Wonderful. Congratulations and thanks so much for sharing this.
This is beautiful thankyou. IWNDWYT
Wishing you peace today.
Thank you for the advice. It can apply to any length of time in sobriety. Thank you for this post.
Wonderful post. Thank you!
Thank you for posting this. Good stuff!
Amen  good sir. ..We are all battling that demon in our lives. Thank you for telling us that little by little the space begins to get bigger. I guess that means that we  have something to look forward to: A life without alcohol. More importantly a life without thinking of alcohol. ..IWNDWYT
Wonderful! Congrats bwunder1!
Never is a long time I continue to just not drink today.
so insightful Thank You!
Your calming wisdom is a jewel in the cat box of addiction. ..not as eloquent. ..And I truly believe that you will never change your mind. Inspirational.
I agree with the process of thinking about alcohol. Best to really dig in and analyze it rather than ignore it. Ignoring problems never makes them go away.
