-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dj651/18_days_innow_the_night_sweats/

Long time lurker here-always used to check in after a long weekend. Secretly I think I knew I was always a problem drinker-but always dismissed being an alcoholic because I was such a high performer. ..I'm getting to the age where I'm thinking this drink just might be an anchor holding me back. As a married father of 3- the romance of alcohol started in high school/college in the binge drinking culture. As I got married and started to have kids it dialed way back to a 6 pack on a Saturday night maybe some shots...maybe that was the routine Friday and Saturday night for a big weekend. I know that's breakfast for some people out there struggling-but for me it was enough to disrupt my sleep and metabolism and impact my energy-thus hurting my downstream performance. So I decided let's take a break for a year-just evaluate the pro's and cons and then make a long term decision. ..I can tell you the clarity and focus have been off the charts. The first week was a little rough but no night sweats or withdrawal symptoms...just that feeling of being left out at parties and neighborhood BBQ's on Labor Day. But I quickly got past that. I even managed to go surfing early on a sunday morning-something I hadn't done in years (citing Saturday night 6 pack). So I was cruising-no problem...Then Day 16-the night sweats started. Day 17 Day 18. All of a sudden it's foggy I'm achy flu like symptoms (no nausea) sweaty and clammy. I realize I could literally be coming down with a bug as my kids were sick last week. But I have a pretty good immune system and don't get impacted too often. ..Has anyone else experience restlessness in the middle of the night? Night sweats? Crazy dreams...I literally had a dream the other night I drove home drunk in the snow and woke up the next morning and was dealing with the shame-then I woke up and all was cool. Basically some really crazy and scattered lucid dreams lately. ..&amp;#x200B;..Sorry for the long post-I just wanted to see if anyone else had experienced this before and if it was normal. ..I'm quitting drinking to be a better father a better husband a better performer and provider for my family to be my true authentic self and to try and achieve my highest levels. Alcohol-it was a good run-but you aren't helping me anymore.
----------immediate responses--------

Lots of things can cause night sweats.  I doubt at 18 days it is withdrawal.  Maybe go see a Dr?
I had night sweats for the first 3-4 days and then thy stopped. They started again at about 3 weeks for a couple of days and haven't come back. I asked on here and no one else had stated they had had that so maybe we're unique. 
Hi! Day 18 and I have te same. I had night sweats for the first 3 days than it stopped and last night it came back. Maybe it is still detoxing. I don't know either. 
