-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dkjpe/day_3_struggling/

I'm at work. I get off in a few hours. I know my husband won't be home until late tonight. I'll be in bed by the time he walks through the door. I just got paid. ..All i can think is he would not know. I could get away with it. How easy it would be. ..We are going camping this weekend with a couple that does not drink. I know if i dont drink tonight... I can make it until Monday. I won't be tempted nor have the opportunity. 
----------immediate responses--------

Sending you sober hugs and vibes. It's so hard those first days. I always fought with myself about drinking and no one knowing then I realized I would know and that was my problem. I couldn't stop myself from doing anything. When I started caring that I was letting myself down I got the message and it stuck. Nothing changes if you change nothing. My sobriety is a fight with myself to do the right thing. Which in this case is not drinking. So I have to self regulate. I'm 38 and I have never self regulated. I have always done what I wanted and never stopped myself. You are worth it and your sobriety is worth it. IWNDWYT
I've been there recently.  Husband away all day and night.  Could have easily drank.  And did seriously think about it.  I didn't. Got a chinese lots of goodies put fire on and  a good film.  Went to bed sober.  Felt soooo good the next day that I didn't give in.  ..Good luck.  Come back here if u r struggling later xx
I loved peats420's comments. So true. My husband is on the road constantly and with no kids there truly is no one who would know if I had a drink. But the person in the mirror would know and that girl deserves better. You could get away with it but is it worth it? For me that answer is "no". I drank for the past few days and no one knew. But I let myself down and it feels terrible. I want to be the girl who honors her commitments even when it gets hard. I hope that since you just got paid that you choose to buy something wonderful for your camping trip. Just think Monday you will be celebrating a full week sober. How cool! IWNDWYT
Push through.  You will be much happier with yourself if you make.  My goal is to rack up more and more sober days!  Good luck!
I keep trying to convince myself i can get something really good for dinner instead. Maybe even a candy bar included. I never have sugar...unless it was mixed with alcohol. ..
Stay strong ! I'm rooting for you! When I got through the tough early days it slowly got easier. You can do this! IWNDWYT 
Your day three can easily become day 4!  Your body is going through some sugar withdrawals  be nice to yourself and get some ice cream or that candy bar. A good movie and or a good book could get you through the night.  You are worth your soberity!..IWNDWYT 
Today is day 3 for me too. I have an awful headache and its so humid and awful out all I can think about is a delicious White Russian. But I didn't go to the liquor store and I am in for the night. I will not drink with you today! Or tomorrow!
Thank you guys! I ate pizza and a candy bar. Knitted painted and watched American Horror story. Plus painted my nails. It was nice to do so much!..I can do this! I will not drink with you today!  
