-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dktp4/i_really_need_to_stop_drinking_but_it_is_hard_in/

I don't drink that often I mainly get drunk at the weekend or if someone gets me angry then I leave work for the day and go home and get drunk. I am about 2 weeks into it the hardest thing I am struggling with is getting decent sleep (although I know alcohol actually makes you more active in sleep its more after I sober up I found during the week I would sleep better) I think my main issues overall I am struggling with is:..&amp;#x200B;..\- Finding a decent non alcohol based way of dealing with work related stress and anger...\- Getting decent sleep..\- Currently have started to get bad headaches almost daily don't know why they are being caused I drink plenty of water so it can't be dehydration?..&amp;#x200B;..Any advice on the above 3 points would be much appreciated.
----------immediate responses--------

Melatonin helps me sleep. I recommend the 5 mg. Congratulations on two weeks! That's amazing 
I was exhausted for my first three weeks.  It got really better for me after the third week.  I read that it is normal for some people to be exhausted the first and second week when they start sobriety.  Think of it as your body is in shock and adjusting to something new.  I was getting nervous because the exhaustion for me lasted into the third week.  Now I am feeling much better more energy peaceful clarity and much less anxiety.  If it's super bad for you you might consider checking in with your primary doctor.  Hang in there and be gentle with yourself.   Your body will tell you what it needs.  Remember that most drinkers don't get very good sleep.  This might be your body begging you to finally catch up on sober sleep/rest that it did not get for a very long time.
Have you ever gotten a therapeutic massage? You could ask them to focus on your neck and head and see if it helps with the headaches.
if stress is a major issue start doing all things that are commonly considered stress relieving: exercise better diet bubble bath after work reading vs watching tv going for a walk spending time with friends and family getting a pet or spending more time with your pet treating yourself to a massage or mani pedi buying yourself flowers watching whatever tv show that is your happy place start a regular meditation practice read books on personal growth and happiness. ..unresolved anger can very much cause headaches. I think that working on personal happiness and dealing with anger differently will make everything better
