-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dn6zr/crossroads/

I haven't been honest with anyone in my life. My flair isn't correct I tried to change it and got an error. I had seven months clean as of the end of June and relapsed. I went to a detox and then a one month treatment. My family invited me home and I started drinking immediately....I've been living home since and have been drinking intermittently. I attend meetings I have a sponsor I am honest about what's going on for the most part but it doesn't seem to be enough....I cook for a living and I turned down several jobs because they were at bars. I recently accepted a job at a small deli and it seems perfect for recovery but I'm worried. If I couldn't curb my drinking while I had no money what will happen when I have money....I'm at a point where I wonder if I should just be honest with my family and risk homeless but restart this whole process the right way. ...I am honestly tired of the bullshit. I have been through so much in all my runs. Arrests homeless overdoses more hospital visits than I can count my friends and family treat me like I'm already dead to numb the pain yet here I am wondering what to do again. It's insane. God help me.
----------immediate responses--------

If you feel there's a  right way' to start this process why not do that?  
I admire you for not quitting on yourself.  I wish I had an answer.  I found I just had to learn how to live with sober me.  Be content with sober me.  Slow the wheels in my brain down.  I didn't quit drinking until I was 59.  I had almost quit on myself.  Sounds like you are doing the right things. Stay with it my friend.
[removed]
Boy do I ever recognize your voice; your story here.  When drinking alcohol feels about as good as drinking battery acid and yet I am compelled to do it anyway  - and I have to hide it from people.  ..You are drinking currently?  I really really respect your willingness to be honest with yourself for starters...The thing about telling the truth - is that's one concrete thing you can do to break your cycle even if you can't stop drinking yet.  The energy you put into maintaining a secret keeps you focused on protecting your drinking life...You  are right that you can't expect the people you tell to respond helpfully or demand that any one specific person will walk with you through your drinking times - some people can't do that for you without getting sick themselves in one way or another.  ..&amp;#x200B;..BUT - there sure as heck is someone who could buddy up with you and be a support - it might be a pain in the ass to find that person or it might not be hard...  Any real life group that you can go to at all -  where you can just tell people a little truth about yourself everyday...  however little or much you can stand - that alone is really helpful.  We all need to be seen - alcoholics and not alcoholics alike.... our compulsion to hide ourselves because of alcoholism is part of what makes the sickness and compulsion fester.  No getting around that...&amp;#x200B;
