-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dnnzh/relapse/

I relapsed last night...Broke my toe and had a full blown panic attack while drunk which has never happened before and was horrible. I feel like garbage today and have just laid in bed and cried most of the day. I hate myself. I hate that I'm like this. I hate that I feel so powerless in the face of my illness and this addiction. I don't know how to get through this. I want to be normal. I don't want to be sick. I don't want anything to do with this anymore. I feel so broken. ..IWNDWYT 
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry things are tough. Sending you an internet hug. How about joining us tonight at the Daily Check-In for a 24-hour commitment? The post goes up around 11:00 p.m. Eastern Time. We'd love to have you pledge with us. 
Last time I fell off the wagon I felt so much self loathing it has been stamped on my brain. ..And it is serious motivation for me to stay sober...So I know exactly how you feel and just want to remind you that this is a new day and each day we don't drink we feel a little bit better about ourselves...Take care  and IWNDWYT...(Sorry about the toe.  I know what that feels like too!)
Hey there you're in the right place at least...Reading *This Naked Mind* really helped me. It showed me the cycle I was stuck in and how to get out. 
[removed]
I'm so sorry you're feeling low. Tears welled in my eyes for you many of us have been there and I totally sympathise. Last time I drank I had horrendous panic attacks. Please try to be kind to yourself and if you can read a little through this sub. For me this place has been a bright flame in a very dark world. Thinking of you. 
[removed]
I'm sending you love. I know that pain. You are not at fault we are people who have lost the power of choice over alcohol. The 12 steps removed the desire to drink from me and gave me freedom from the hell of drinking. I hope you feel better soon.
I broke my foot running barefoot in the dark to catch the illegal late night booze delivery guy so I could get that 26 of Whiskey that I desperately needed at 4 am. You are not alone. I am not worthless because I made a bad choice.  I don't think you are either. I use the pain in my foot (healed a long time ago but still hurts sometimes) to remind myself that a bad decision can cause outcomes that last forever. So I try to make good ones now. I don't need to regret if I learned something.
