-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dswub/what_9_months_of_sobriety_looks_like/

https://imgur.com/a/I5A9Dfj..This sub gave me the courage to start going to AA meetings last year. For me it was a life or death situation. I was suicidally depressed at the time and the last time I drank it struck me that if I didn't stop I'd probably end up in a mental hospital or dead. I'm on step 12 now and life is much different these days. To anyone struggling with drinking and depression hang in there. It can and does get better. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! You look amazing...
Massive difference! You look amazing congratulations! 
This is awesome!  Thank you for sharing!
You look terrific and you look mighty happy to be out hiking!  Congratulations on 9 months of Freedom!     
Wow way to go! Congratulations!  
Fucking hell! The difference is night day. I'm very happy for you thanks for sharing with us. 
I'm so inspired by this! Thank you for sharing! 
Damn baby!...want to get coffee sometime?
Outstanding!!
Wow! Great transformation! IWNDWYT. Hugs  
Wow you look amazing! Sobriety looks great on you! 
What are your top three favorite things about not drinking alcohol?
Now that's what healthy looks like...mind body and spirit!  Congrats to you and thanks for sharing - the pics speak volumes.  Great motivation to stay on the sober path!
So inspiring! I'm on the 3rd step now. So looking forward to getting to where you are. Keep it up! 
Daaamn!! You look happy fit and lovely!
Looking fantastic!! Keep up the good work!
Wow. Great job!
you can raise your head high awesome stuff x 
Wonderful - congrats and keep it up! Hiking is so great isn't it?
High five!  Thanks for the inspiration.  What an incredible transformation!
 You look fantastic!! 
What a smile! Great Job OP!
Love the sober path and the trail you're on too!  Congratulations and may all of your life's paths take you higher and to more beauty!
Congratulations on the 9 months of self improvement. feels good
A big congratulations!
9 months too. Feel amazing.
Sobriety looks good!! Physically mentally and spiritually!
Amazing. Thanks for posting. I am where you started off still reading stuff like this gives me hope. 
Inspiring!!!
Wow you look happier and healthier and younger! Way to go! Plus you don't have your hand in a large animals mouth anymore hahaha
Wow!! Very inspirational you look so happy and healthy. Would love to read your story or hear about what your life is like now. Would I find it in your post history?..Thanks for posting! 
Well done! The difference is night and day and you look so happy now!..I love to hike too and my drinking had gotten such that I really wasn't doing it anymore. Even when I did I'd take a bottle with me and drink while hiking (I know crazy) deluding myself into thinking I was rewarding myself. Now that I don't drink... I can hike much farther and actually enjoy the sights sounds and overall tranquility I always loved so much. I even take breaks to meditate (and its much more relaxing than taking a swig ever was).  It's also a lot easier to put on the miles without all the extra weight I was carrying before (an extra 60lbs) due in large part to my alcohol (beer) consumption...Keep it up!
8 mos sober and still depressed as fuck. 
Wow! Thank you for posting.  You made my Friday to see such an accomplishment and inspiration.  Depression is brutal.  Drinking and depression double brutal.  How grateful you must be to have found such an inspiring group of people at you AA meeting. I won't drink with you today. 
Yay!! You look happy and healthy!  
Thanks for the post. You look great. Keep it up!..&amp;#x200B;
Inspiration! You look beautiful!
You look great but I'm even happier knowing you are feeling/thinking better. Keep up the good work. 
You look so much happier!!! Keep it up!
Wow! You look so strong and fit! I will not drink with you today. 
Awesome! And good for you being at step 12 already. I'm closing in on a year and still at step 5! So ready to be out of this step tbh!
Congrats! I also went though some healthy weight loss when I got sober. Went from 250 to 180 :-D It's been 7 years clean now!  ...Stick with it and keep coming back! You look fantastic!
I'm only on day 2 and this is so inspiring that I saved your post. Awesome job! Thank you so much for sharing.
Needed to see this. You look great. I'm doing keto diet as well as quitting alcohol. I can't wait to see what I look like in 9 months.
That bear statue looks familiar... https://m.styleweekly.com/richmond/well-ridden-bear-finds-new-home/Content?oid=2160401
Great inspiration!  You look amazing! 
Congrats! I feel your post for real... it was literally to the point where I'd start contemplating suicide   while I was making or waiting for a drink... I would want to kill myself before sip one yet did it everyday... This would lead to me calling my self every name in the book for caving... then drinking again because I was a  piece of shit  who should be dead...so glad to be out of that hell... crazy.... Keep up the great work and enjoy kicking the hell out of life as opposed to yourself!
Congrats!
Wow! Looking at the difference it had made for you I feel SO much more motivated!! I wanna look like that! Good work! 
Beautiful   Inspiring! Thanks for posting.....IWNDWYT   
Congrats!
I'm at 9 mo too and quit for very similar reasons. You look great. It amazing how good not being poisoned feels.
Thanks for giving my some encouragement. I've got like 45 days sober and just got to my fourth step. Funny before talking to my sponsor about step four I told him I'm not an angry person so I'd have trouble listing them out. It's been two days since that conversation and now I'm just angry all the time. I'm depressed. Everything gives me a headache. Life just feels like a grey blob of wet paper. Nice to know it gets better because if the rest of my life is gonna be like this it's gonna be short. 
Amazing   
High Peaks in the Adirondacks?
Would have never known that was you before what an achievement. You look so happy keep it up!
    
Kinda looks like you're skiing on  dirt! anywho. lookin good congratulations
You look GREAT!!
The smile the bod the 10 mile hike!..You're a babe. Rock on with your sober self! 
You look amazing what inspiration. I often wonder what the point is but seeing your top 3 for why it's a good idea IWNDWYT   
I'm physically tired looking at that pic on the right!  Seriously good on you for making major life changes and sticking with them.  I think a lot of alcoholism stems from unhappiness with the state of your life and you seem to be tackling all the above quite nicely.
Sobriety looks good on you. Keep up the good work!
I was expecting a baby but hey a new life is a new life &lt;3
You're absolutely glowing with that pack on your back! I got to do some hiking back in mid June and was uber happy to be sober doing it... Stay true to yourself and stay an inspiration!..Sending love and good vibes from Kentucky!
You look so much more alive and happy in the 2nd picture! So glad you found your way! IWNDWYT! 
Congrats! 
This is an excellent post. The difference is staggering and so glad to hear you are mentally in a much better place!
Damn girl you fine lemme buy you a drink ;)
Wow. Awesome!
I love this so much! Thank you for sharing. Sobriety changes sooo much in a positive way I think sometimes one forgets the wonderful effects on appearance and fitness levels.    I'm a big fan of recovery before and afters you can post yours and see other amazing changes on the sober movement web site. They have tons! Iwndwyt 
You're inspiring to me. I just started this week. Thanks for sharing.
You look much happier and healthier in the second picture. I'm very glad to hear things have turned around for you and congratulations! You truly are an inspiration! :)
Amazing transformation!  Well done
Only 9 months?! You went from Not to Hot real quick        
Wow. Hi. I'm Dave. 
Amazing! Congrats!!!!
You're beautiful!! Congrats 
Amazing work. Keep it up! You are an inspiration.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......&amp;#x200B;..Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......&amp;#x200B;..Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
You look great! Also is that the Adirondacks? LOL I'm from Upstate NY and I'm like hmmm that looks familiar ......Anyways congrats and keep up the great work! Congratulations :)..I will not drink with you today.
Wow that is absolutely shocking! Who knew the elixir of life wasn't alcohol but sobriety! It honestly looks like the picture on the right was taken years before the one on the left (in a very good way)! Congrats and IWNDWYT! 
That is fantastic!  Amazing difference.  You look brilliant away hiking and gives me motivation to continue.  I don't even know you but I'm so proud of you! 
Glad to see you out  there crushing trails! Nature is a great healer 
