-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9dzhxn/just_found_out_about_mac_and_i_feel_nothing_but/

Like many of us he struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction. After his break up I resonated with him as I was staying sober and going through an awful heartbreak and break up as well. He was excited to start his tour I just watched him on Instagram live last night as he was talking about how excited he was to be back on the road again. One day at a time. Sending love to him and his family. 
----------immediate responses--------

For sure.  Not a huge fan but somewhat of a fan. Tragic. 
I met him once about 8 years ago. So down to earth and so funny. Hearing about his passing is so sad and so tragic. I pray for peace for his family friends and fans. 
Just ran across a post on the front page about him. I am a big music fan so I have been sitting here listening to his music. What a talented person. It truly is sad news the suffering won.. Today is day 1 for me again after many months of abuse to my body. Hearing about about his overdose after listening to songs about him singing about not wanting to overdose is ..a real reality check. Take care of yourselves everyone.
Just ran across a post on the front page about him. I am a big music fan so I have been sitting here listening to his music. What a talented person. It truly is sad news the suffering won.. Today is day 1 for me again after many months of abuse to my body. Hearing about about his overdose after listening to songs about him singing about not wanting to overdose is ..a real reality check. Take care of yourselves everyone.
Just ran across a post on the front page about him. I am a big music fan so I have been sitting here listening to his music. What a talented person. It truly is sad news the suffering won.. Today is day 1 for me again after many months of abuse to my body. Hearing about about his overdose after listening to songs about him singing about not wanting to overdose is ..a real reality check. Take care of yourselves everyone.
His last album was instrumental in me getting 1 week sober and it's so sad that his demons did this. ..It has strengthen my resolve though. IWNDWYT
I still can't believe that he's gone. Such a great artist and a decent human being. It just doesn't seem real.
