-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e2x2g/diagnosed_with_cancer/

Hi friends. I'm reaching out because I don't know who else I can talk to. I was recently diagnosed with stage 2 possibly stage 3 breast cancer in one of my breasts and a lymph node. I already had alcoholic tendencies which for the most part have been under control. Don't get me wrong it's still such a daily battle. Some weeks I do great abstaining other weeks not so much. ..I'm currently undergoing chemo (16 rounds) over the next 4-5 months) all BEFORE surgery where both of my breasts will be removed. ..I'm beside myself most days and find that alcohol helps mask my fears and anxiety. It's absolute bullshit and only makes it worse but coping has been difficult. I realize alcohol only makes my anxiety and depression worse. As a young married female I've already lost my hair and knowing I will lose my breasts is a mental mindf*ck that nobody seems to understand.  Oh your hair will grow back your breasts can get reconstructed.  All things said to help inspire me but I can't help but feel I'm losing a part of my identity. I don't want to live in this reality but at the same time I'm fighting for my chance to hopefully come out of this living a long healthy life. ..I've recently started up on antidepressants which are somewhat helping but I still struggle with the alcohol. Months ago before the diagnoses I voluntarily checked myself into a 3 week alcohol treatment program... which somewhat seemed to help but I still struggle. Now that I have this diagnosis it's been so hard. I try to be positive but it sucks battling a disease (alcoholism) with no cure while battling a disease (cancer) that also has no cure. ..I will be reaching out to a therapist in the near future but I'm sending this message out in to the universe looking for love and support. I have an amazing husband who loves me but I still need more. ..I need a push to help me not to drink to mask my pain. To face this head-on during my daily struggle. ..Tomorrow is a new day and I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

I am sorry for your diagnosis. We not only got sober for the good times we got sober for the hard times. You can do this. You can survive alcoholism and you can survive breast cancer. You can do this. 
Oh wow that sounds so huge and difficult. I'm sorry to hear you're going through all of that! I am sending love and support your way and glad to hear that you're planning on reaching out to a therapist. There might be some support groups that could help as well?
Sorry to hear this.  I think what you are doing by getting help is a great step towards recovery. I hope that things shift in your favor and everything goes your way. Have a great day and weekend!
Thank you for this most difficult share.  My heart goes out to you.  My mom went through this.  I can't begin to understand all your feelings as a woman.  But I do know just like alcohol there are many support groups to help.  Find your strength with others just like we do in this sub and at meetings all over the world.  I wish you the very best in your recoveries.  Stay positive and strong.  We love you      
I know how tempting it is to blur out what you are dealing with by drinking.  Just don't.  Breast cancer cells and alcohol are a really bad combo as I'm sure you know.  You want to beat this and alcohol spurs the estrogen that can speed up  breast cancer cells development. Please don't drink no matter what you do. You will beat the cancer but  your body needs you to do everything possible to help it win.   Sending you support and healing vibes girlfriend.      
I'm so sorry this is happening to you. It must be so scary and overwhelming. ..It looks like something's up with Reddit because your post didn't show up for me until a while ago and it says you posted it four hours ago. The wait must have felt awful. We do care! I won't drink with you today.
I'm so sorry you are going through this.  I've been losing my hair since my 20s (not cancer-related just female baldness) and it is absolutely a mental mind-fuck every day even though it is  only  my appearance.  Cancer and loss of breasts .... it's a huge thing to process and live with and need not be minimized.
