-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e34ps/weekend_struggles/

last night was hard Fridays and Saturdays are difficult for me because I live alone and usually I'd start drinking as soon as I finished work on Friday and not stop until Sunday evening. I was a day drinker I liked the feeling of getting away with something and just taking the edge off life. I liked being altered. ..so last night I started rationalising to myself how I'd been doing well a little buzz would just liven things up it wouldn't hurt to drink a couple... so I went to bed super early at 10pm. ..I've taken in some extra editing work to do this weekend which will help give me some purpose and I've got a couple of new books to read. ..let's smash the weekend folks. I won't drink with you today!
----------immediate responses--------

Well done!  I was a weekend binger in my last years as well.  Sometimes packing it in for bed at 9pm is the best tool we have in the box.
Can you go out to see a film or do something as well so you are among other people?..I totally get the bit about the rationalising though my stupid brain keeps trying it on like a naughty kid around 4-5pm every day...But I don't want to be right back at square one again. I tried cutting down and even if I pull it off I'm still spending too much time and energy thinking about booze.
Fair play. I'm also a weekend binge drinker. Usually on a Saturday I'd be lying around feeling sorry for myself taking headache tablets and trying to remember what I said or did last night. ..Also went to bed super early got up and went for a run this morning. The rest of the weekend is stretched out before me just wondering what to do with it now I won't be drinking. I also have some books to read. I'm trying to find that balance where I don't feel lonely and isolated missing the social buzz from drinking. I will also not drink with you this weekend.
Stick at it!  ..I'm a writer so your editing comment caught my eye. I found books a help and I lined up a bunch of reading (rationalising I might as well reward myself with new books with the money I'd saved)...Anyhow you've got this we're here if you need help and I will not drink with you today.
Nice job!     breaking those habits is a huge part of quitting. 
Yeah Weekends were hard when I started. It gets easier as you go along. Now instead of starting Friday with a few  drinks and fall sleep early usually by 9pm I now look forward to actually staying up late watching movies. I can now stay up lateknow what the movie is about and get up early Saturday refreshed and happy as well. This is how my life was before I was under the influence of alcohol abuse. Have you read THIS NAKED MIND? awesome book really. Congrats on 6 days keep going you'll love the sober side. :) IWNDWYTD
[removed]
yeah isn't it great when you can actually remember what a film is about instead of staring at the screen stuffing your face with snacks x 
Yeah it is pretty hard i'm on 15 days and oh god i feel so sad and depressed...
IWNDWYT! I also did the same on my weekends.
Way to go! You're crushing the first weekend so far and IWNDWYT 
Movie theaters are my go-to when I want to day drink (that was my thing too). Also lots of walking the dog walking without the dog coffee shops and ice cream. Early on it helped immensely to always have a beverage in my hand. Drank tons and tons of tea (and I'm not even a tea drinker - I think it was the ritual of making it that helped). You got this!
Been struggling myself today so uplifted to read your post. You nailed it with the day drinking getting away with it comment. I got so close this afternoon then remembered downing that magnum of prosecco last weekend and felt repulsion for booze and what it does to me. Keep fighting the little battles I guess.  
