-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e5kmn/day_6_this_is_going_to_be_a_long_emotional_one/

Dear SD friends I'm here posting because I realized this is the only space I feel comfortable enough to do so. We're going thru the same struggles but are completely anonymous so I can be fully honest. ..I just got broken up with. I'm pretty devastated. I'm not going to drink though. I'm following the advice I've received from you awesome folks. There's nothing going on that drinking won't make worse. And it's better to feel hurt sadness and pain than feel nothing at all. ..It was time. Him and I have been at each other's throats. There has been very little loving and a lot of anger and misunderstanding. ..I've never loved anyone as much as him. But so much is changing right now. I'm trying to work through my ptsd trying to reconcile my terrible childhood trying to be sober trying to be better just trying trying trying. ..A good relationship is supposed to build you up. We weren't doing that. We were tearing each other down. ..I'm trying so hard to not run the narrative that I'm a terrible person unworthy of love. ..I'm just not in a space where I have to fight so hard for it. I'm fighting so hard on every other front. I need love to be easy. ..Why has it always been so hard for me? ..Oh yeah that's right those seeds were sown in childhood when I had a mother who couldn't love me healthily. That set the stage for 38 years of unhealthy love. The dynamic I am trying to undo right now. ..And I thought I found someone who could love me through it. I was wrong. ..I wanted us to be refuges. Safe spaces. Instead we became attackers...The feelings will pass. I know they will. Feelings are temporary. It's why I'm on here instead of running to the liquor store. ..But I'm hurt. And I'm sad. And I just want to be loved. ..My heart's broken but still beating. And I need to feel that instead of numbing it with alcohol...IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

IWNDWYT.  Get through today!
sending love  hugs! stay strong !  
Hang in there Catty.. 
   I'm sending you all the good vibes and mental hugs. If you can get through today tomorrow will be just that tiny little bit better. Take care of yourself! 
Thank you for sharing. Your relationship sounded like mine. I was always constantly trying but it felt like my efforts were unmatched. Part of me wants it to work out in the future but so much damage has been done it was too late. You will get through this I believe in you. Take care of yourself. Stay strong. 
