-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e69ts/struggling_as_i_near_my_soberversary/

I don't know if it's anything to do with my approaching soberversary but I'm finding myself struggling more days than not lately. Tonight I'm really really tempted to buy a bottle of wine. I know it's not the answer and I don't want a hangover but I'm missing that 'off switch' I used to get. I've been pretty depressed lately and just want to crawl under a wine blanket and hide.
----------immediate responses--------

Self destruction seems to be my problem and while I only have two weeks sober this has been my largest concern. Sometimes I can see all the good things and then want to tear it all away. Just started with a therapist and medication. I can see myself getting to your point (couple days before 1 year) and tossing it all away just because of that Other that lives inside me and tells me I'm not worthy. I cant tell you not to drink of course. I just hope whatever you do you're at peace with it. I have found a sort of peace through my recent sobriety and I hope others will as well no matter what struggles life brings them. 
I'm sorry you are struggling. I needed lots of support during that first year. A therapist treatment and AA gave me what I needed. Seeing a psychiatrist and being appropriately treated for depression helps me stay sober. ..A "wine blanket" will not keep you warm. 
Im sorry you're going through this. ..I'm also feeling like I need the beer blanket... but trying to play it forward. ..These issues we are facing will still be there  with or without. ..Hang in there x
I totally had that coming up to a year. Now I'm coming up on 2 years and I have it a little bit again but not nearly what I went through at year. Hang in there! Keep posting! The second year has brought so much positive change for me.
Congrats on almost a year! :) I'm excited to look back and say I've had almost an entire year without alcohol...what an accomplishment! That's a lot of individual days to choose to not drink.....Iwndywt :)
Thanks everyone. I will not drink with you all today!..I forgot one of the most important things that got me through those first days weeks and months: to H.A.L.T and ask myself am I Hungry? Angry? Lonely? Tired? Having now eaten I can see that I'm also tired and lonely. So I'm being nice to myself watching trashy tv and planning an early night.
Right there with you. Let's get through this slightly uneasy feeling and cruise into year two. IWNDWYT!
