-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e6h2k/the_odds_are_not_good_for_you/

I believe anyone with enough desperation to get on reddit and post in r/stopdringing really wants to quit.  I sometimes wonder what percentage of people that share day one posts make it to a year two five years.  I'm confident in my belief that the percentage is really low.  I fear it is so low it would even shock me...When I was in a treatment facility in February 2017 I read a book called "When The Servant Becomes The Master" I was extremely bored and the available literature was limited.  I couldn't even say for sure today if I'd recommend the book I don't remember enough of it.  It was focused primarily on the neuroscience of addiction.  What I did take away from the book that sticks with me today were the statistics about relapse.  I was in treatment with around 40 people and statistically only two of us would be sober in 5 years.  Two out of 40!?  In a treatment facility!  This profound reality set my mindset for recovery.  If I wanted to succeed where 38/40 would fail I needed to WORK HARDER than them.  I had to take everything more serious than them.  I had to grow more than them.  I had to be more aware of pitfalls than them.  I became determined to flip the odds in my favor by not worrying too much about my own thoughts but by outperforming my peers...I've sent a request to reset my days counter to my actual sobriety date of February 2nd of 2017 (I recently came back to reddit) but as you can see the first time I posted for help on reddit did not result in continued sobriety for me.  It was another two and a half years of utter isolation and despair before I got it turned around.  Know that the statistics say you are very unlikely to succeed.  You need to be willing to do things that most people are not.  You need to take suggestions most will not.  You need to WORK HARDER than MOST people that will post in this thread.
----------immediate responses--------

Contracts friend. How do I get a days counter?.Ethan 2.24.16
That's a damn good post. I was not aware of the statistics... so to keep reading and learning and to stay involved  as we go along. Iwndwyt 
You make good points and those statistics are accurate but there's no need to discount someone's seriousness if they post here. Maybe that IS them working harder reaching out more doing the work. We don't get to judge other people's recovery and how they get there. And as you should know  desperation  can be a gift. No need to knock others. That's not strong recovery.
&gt;Know that the statistics say you are very unlikely to succeed. You need to be willing to do things that most people are not. You need to take suggestions most will not. You need to WORK HARDER than MOST people that will post in this thread...This post breaks our rule to speak from the "I" and has been removed. Please speak from your own experience only. Thank you.
I'm not sure I agree with your point of view on relapse. From the little I understand relapse is an expected part of recovery - not necessarily a failure. It's part of the process and there's a range of relapse events...Avoiding a relapse (in this view) is a lucky outcome that happens to some few people who fall on the far right tail of the bell curve that plots days sober against days of relapse. ..There was a guy in my recovery group who had 7 years under his belt then he relapsed. Took him a year to get himself back into recovery.  His story is the one I keep in mind to sort of scare myself when I'm feeling a little over-confident...Another woman was in the program for her 4th or 5th time and she said each relapse was shorter than the last. She was learning from her mistakes.  When I met her she had slipped once by having 2 drinks on a date. She checked herself back in the next day paying out of pocket. Her story is the one I keep in mind when I'm feeling like a relapse might be inevitable and the end of the world...I'm not trying to downplay the risks here at all. I'm worried that if I relapse the bottoming-out won't be as (relatively) easy and inconsequential as my last. And my last one nearly cost me my marriage and my kids. But at least I avoided legal trouble. But next time I fear I won't be so lucky...So far I've been good. And so far I've been aware that the relapse devil is still sitting there on my shoulder even if he's not telling me that it's OK to have a beer. Even if I can't see him directly any more. It's been years actually.  He's more insidious and subtle than that. And I think that but keeping my eye on him and knowing the risk of his whispers I can anticipate his trickery.
