-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e76ws/resentments_keep_us_sick/

Today is day 60 but I don't feel good about it. I had an "emotional" or "spiritual" relapse last night. I texted the ex and gave her a piece if my mind. I almost feel as if I should've just drank. I feel just as remorseful as I would if I had. ..Is it true? Is it kind? Is it necessary? I need to remind myself of these things when engaging people I have an issue with. Was it true? Well yes everything I said to her was true. Was it kind? No. It was bitter vindictive and mean spirited. Was it necessary? Absolutely not. She knows what she did. She's probably already beating herself up over it all. She didn't need me to remind her. ..I feel terrible. Amends need to be made but I doubt she would accept it and I don't blame her. ..Just another reminder that drinking is a symptom of our disease and not the source of it. The real work happens in our spiritual lives and I have a long ways to go. ..Thanks for listening.
----------immediate responses--------

I understand the feeling. I have a friend I used to be very close to who I've barely spoken with for years. A lot of it is my fault because the drinking made me a difficult person to talk to. But I've been sober for years now and they've made no real attempts to stay in touch either. They got married and had a kid and I didn't know about either thing until after it happened. We talked a year ago and they mentioned how hard it was to talk to me drunk because I would just forget about it later. ..I find myself angry at them for something that is a lot of my own fault. That they haven't been there for me in the last years when it would have meant a lot. And that turns into resent and wanting to lash out at say things that will hurt them. It just sits and festers inside like poison. ..I brought it up finally in therapy a few weeks ago and he suggested writing a letter to them not one that I would send but just to get out all the things I was feeling and that I wanted to say to clear my system of it and be able to look at it more objectively. Maybe that's something you could do. 
It's about progress not perfection right?  It sounds like your worth is still being defined by how others treat(ed) you.  Typically when I say mean spirited things to an ex it's about me not them.  My feelings pride worth status etc. are negatively effected (in my mind) by the actions of another.  I am placing the responsibility for my actions on them when I retaliate.  When I act in this manner I become a puppet to the world around me...A core belief that I have adopted in recovery is that every single one of us at any given moment is simply trying to experience pleasure comfort or less pain.  This belief allows me to be compassionate when others behave poorly because I understand that they are only doing the best thing they know how in that moment to experience one of those things.
That's pretty cool you can identify where you were wrong and how you want to change..
Yikes. Are you doing anything in your recovery like therapy? I find it helpful to work out my feelings about people with my therapist. It removes the thought that I need to try to work them out with the actual person.  I think sometimes too I can think I need to make amends but then I realize that it would really just be for my benefit and that the kindest thing I can do for the other person is just leave them alone. 
Personally I think you are being way way too hard on yourself.  It just reads like that intense AA based self shaming that I'm all too familiar with.  That's not a "spiritual relapse" in my opinion - that's something that just about every adult who has ever had a breakup has done...Chill out.  You have 60 days.  That's more than 95% of people who don't even particularly enjoy alcohol have over their belt. The obsession over "character defects" and the other shit their feeding you... it doesn't last.  Self respect lasts.  You're good. 
