-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e7a1e/45_days_alcohol_free_but_my_family_is_alcohol/

Do you guys and girls have any family members who struggle with alcohol? ..A lot of my family members have issues with alcohol and I don't know how to behave around them now that I am alcohol free. ..Since admitting that I have a problem with alcohol I have seen how other people I love have bad relationships with it. My mother has had an alcohol problem for decades and my sisters are developing similar drinking habits. ..I am just terrified of losing family members to it (as I recently almost did). ..What is the best way to approach this subject with them without making them think you are ruining their good time? ......
----------immediate responses--------

I'd imagine like anything pushing beliefs isn't going to gain traction...Set an example and keep yourself on the path.  Show that you're making yourself better.  Maybe some of it will get good attention.  ..Just feel like being preachy or anything is just going to have the opposite effect you want. 
I don't think there is a way to approach it without putting them on the defensive. All you can do is lead by example. When my father got sober he didn't talk to anyone about their drinking. He never said a word about anyone's lifestyle to them. The most he said was "it's nice now being able to get my friends home safely when they get silly." Nobody felt too threatened by his sobriety because he's so chill. He just lives his happy and healthy life and proved to himself and the world that you don't need booze to have a happy life. Now he has a close lifelong friend who is in early sobriety and I'm so glad his friend has a sober buddy who already knows the ropes. I hope I can get sober too and light the path for people in my life who struggle with alcohol. My SO is an active alcoholic and there's nothing to be said he doesn't already know. If he wants to talk about it or needs my support I'm here. Until then I'm just going to try my best to lead by example and hope that one day he's ready to follow my footsteps. 
Hey great job on 45 despite your immediate surroundings.  When I got sober I was living with my son's mother who was an addict of a different form.  I took the approach of being an example of positive change.  I tried to never give unsolicited advice.  I tried to be positive and show her the possibilities in sobriety.  I've been sober 19 months she has now been sober over 3.
[removed]
Yes. Many family members have the same predisposition to abuse alcohol. I'am not sure if confronting them would be the best thing to do. Maybe just telling them how well your doing I think easy does it  small steps. Just like you and I we had to do it when we were ready. That is the only way it works.  Good luck and congrats on 45! I will not drink with you today
