-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9e9wkw/day_6/

Im struggling a bit right now. Im my cousins bday party and there is tons of alcohol. I knew this before coming but I wanted the challenge - I feel string but Im having too much anxiety and my heart is pounding.  A drink sounds good right now since I usually have a few at this events. I don't want to go I like to stay and enjoy my family. This is the life I want! Im just venting out my struggles at the moment. IWNDWYT. 
----------immediate responses--------

Hey dude I went to a wedding when I was maybe two weeks sober open bar pre-filled flutes of champagne waiting in your seat people I only knew tangentially who nonetheless wanted to interrogate me about my life the whole nine yards. I stayed for the ceremony and all that jazz and when everybody started transitioning into party mode I slipped into an Uber and went home smoked a well-earned cigarette and watched a movie. ..This might be an uncomfy night for you but I know one thing not drinking has given me is the recognition that if I'm not comfortable in a social setting it's totally acceptable for me to leave and take care of my needs.
I'll share a piece of advice I got when I first came here- **just don't put the booze in your mouth!** if you really want to stay there if it were me I'd find the sober folks.  I'd take a break and get some fresh air when I needed to.  You can do this if it's your intention being strong doesn't always mean it's being easy sometimes we have to get Chuck Norris on our cravings and find a way to kick them down   having a non-alcoholic beverage in hand at all times deters others from trying to get us a *drink* drink.  You can do this I believe in you and we aren't drinking with you.  
Thank you  Its not so much that I want to stay Im far from home. But I will take your advice. Im going for a walk and a cigaret. I will not drink with you tonight.
A few things to do at a party I do to take my focus of booze: ..   Eating (yum yum).  Mixing and drinking NA beverages for you and any other sobernauts at the party.  Chatting to someone who seems left out awkward bored or you haven't caught up with in a while.  Helping with the clean up.  Dancing!.
Thanks for the advice :)
I would drink lots of a non alcoholic beverage. I find if I do this it feels me up.  The  evening goes on and you become the interesting one because you're sober and able to listen to others. You will be so grateful to yourself in the morning when you wake up sober..Hang in there and good luck.
