-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9eauds/just_finished_36_hours_fasting_and_i_got_rid_of/

Hi everyone hope you had a nice weekend! .Inspired by Geoff Woo and all these Silicon Valley  enhance human performance life style longevity etc.  I decided to do a 36 hours fast. .I drank 10 units on Thursday (yes that 1 drink turning into double digits) and all Friday I consumed probably 4000 calories (I'm a young female and this was while laying down not doing anything but being severely hungover and feeling horrible about myself) so I gave fasting a try. Honestly waking up today I felt really energized and both cravings for alcohol and sugar that I've been struggling severely with for the past month are gone  . .Anyone else having experimented with fasting or done other things in their diet that clearly had an effect on their cravings! .
----------immediate responses--------

Wow this is super interesting I think this is the first time I've seen fasting mentioned as a strategy here. Whatever works for you : )...I find when I'm eating well my cravings are reduced and when I start eating more junk food those intrusive thoughts return with the quickness.
Fasting is healing AF.  I did it periodically over the last few months and will continue going back to it as an awesome tool for detoxing.  Good job being proactive     iwndwyt!! 
I've been doing the 16 / 8 Intermittent Fasting for the last couple of weeks...In my first 50 days of sobriety I was eating a lot of crap and even more chocolate...Last 2 weeks I have probably had 1 small chocolate bar and have been eating a healthier diet with lots of protein. I feel good. I'm beginning to lose weight (I'm a big guy!)..I'm also going to the gym a few times a week...I can actually feel the benefits of exercise now that I'm sober the whole routine just makes more sense...Also I'm more satisfied when I do eat now too...I hope the weight loss continues. It wa
I eat one meal a day
interesting... alcohol &amp; carb cravings are my battles 
I feel you! That is by far the worst part about the sugar cravings i.e. being aware that you are substituting one addiction for another.  .It made me feel like such a loser but I'm slowly starting to accept that my entire body and brain have been so affected by alcohol which is made of sugar for the most part. ..I like to exercise in the morning as well although I quickly get exhausted if I have a fast or very long run (+13 miles). ..Good luck to you   
I fast eat keto and exercise. All of this started about after 45 days of not drinking. I love it and feel like I'm in my twenties again (I'm 40). I'm glad you feel good! My fasts are usually 16:8 or 18:6 with the occasional 20:4. I've also done a few 36-48 ones. My mental clarity is amazing on these longer ones. Keep us updated on your progress!
Interesting! I've "fasted" for about that amount of time after some of my worst hangovers (meaning I just felt too ill to eat)  but my cravings always come back a few days later.  I wanted to know 15 days later if you still feel the fasting cured you? Or did the cravings return once you'd started eating like normal again. 
