-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9edow7/finally_slept_day_5_after_relapse/

Holy crap. Sleep is amazing. I'm a 27 year old female. Ignore my badge I need to reset but I guess that's how long I have really been working on my sobriety after ten years of increasing alcoholism. ..I made it about 30 days in a row before relapsing. Hard. My pint a day turned into two pints of cheap vodka and needless to say my body was not happy. Vomit covered sheets. Blood in my stool. Made an asshole of myself to my roommates and boyfriend. I have hardly any friends at all and drink alone in my room watching crap tv that I won't remember. ..I made it through withdrawals while starting a new job. I couldn't call out sick without losing said job. I wasn't sure I was going to make it through honestly and next time I will seek medical care. At least some benzos. But here I am on day 5 and finally fucking FINALLY slept!!! My brain feels  better body still getting there. I never want to go through this again. There is absolutely nothing at the bottom of that bottle.  If you are thinking about picking up please don't !!!! ..It's 9:16 and I'm about to go to a hot yoga class and enjoy my Sunday! Iwndwyt
----------immediate responses--------

Keep it up. It only gets better. 
hope you enjoy your yoga IWNDWYT  
I can totally relate. I could feel the weight of my body just slowly collapsing due to the almost-daily heavy alcohol consumption for 3 years. Excessive weight gain constant sweating blotchy skin dry-heaving dehydration puffy face red eyes alcoholic bloat constantly tired swollen feet... I just felt disgusting. I've only made it to 3 weeks all the other times I've decided to get clean but this time feels different. I'm getting older and my body just can't take it anymore. It sounds like your body can't take it anymore either. I'm only 6 days in right now but I feel so much better and it sounds like you do too. Our bodies were screaming for us to please stop abusing them. We can do this! 
New to page what's the Iwndyt 
