-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9efhk6/slippin/

It's been awhile since I've been on and actually have been handling moderation ok.  But all the signs are there that I am poised for a relapse as I'm getting pretty comfortable with drinking.  Not good. .So.... I will be reading all your inspirational posts and wishing you all the very best .
----------immediate responses--------

Addiction is progressive so sadly yes it will slip back on us even when we think we are in control! You know what you have to do! IWNDWYT!
I have experienced and observed the same. Moderation works....until it doesn't. I have seen people moderate for weeks then at some point it just blows out of control.  ..For me I don't want a beer at a concert. I don't want a glass of wine with dinner. I want to get blasted. Shitfaced black-out oblivion.  ..So my moderation equation becomes one not of amount but of frequency. "I'll only get drunk on New Year's and my Birthday." or "I'll only get drunk once a month." Being honest with myself I know these are unattainable propositions. I won't be able to stick to it.  ..And this is the problem with moderation. Sticking to it. This aspect of my life and character cannot be controlled with will and discipline. It will eventually run out of control and I have seen it happen to others as well. "Everything was great" they say. "I had it under control...I don't know what happened I was doing just fine."  ..The other thing I have noticed is that as time and progress happens I gain a certain credibility and I am in a position to help other alcoholics. If I were to attempt moderation I would have to sacrifice that credibility and it has great value to me. There are other prices to be paid to purchase a bottle and simply put I am not willing to pay them.  ..Moderation is like climbing onto a scaffold placing the noose around my own neck and resolving to only pull the lever a *little* bit.
I can never tell what moderation is really... I can moderate i guess what i srltruggle eith is abstaining totally. x
