-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ei022/i_know_ill_probably_relapse_someday_so_why_not/

Because I remember how scared I was before I quit and I dont want to go back there...Because if I fuck this up I may never get right again...Because alcohol will literally be the death of me given the chance...Because once I start drinking again I'll lose my job pretty quickly and that would really suck. ..Because I've made it 600 some days and I think I've got one more in me. ..Because I dont actually want to. ...These are the answers I came up with today when I asked myself that question. I'd love to hear your answers to that question or your thoughts on it in general. I'm having a tough day but IWDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm only 60 days in but I'm keeping hope that I probably WONT relapse so today is never the day for me!
Because drinking is not inevitable.  I choose a better life.  IWNDWYT.
Because "I'll probably relapse eventually so I can't commit to the next year or whatever time period of sobriety" is that damned alcoholic voice in my head trying to be tricky and I am smarter than that!
Because the shame after a bender is not something i want to expereience again.IWNDWYT!
I know if I relapse the cycle will start all over again and this time I'm convinced that death will be the conclusion. 
This is good. Especially #1.  I never want to start all over. That first day/week/month was HARD. The first year was hard too but nothing like those first weeks. Always a good reminder. 
Because my 23 year old college senior son is a straight-edge and if he can do it goddamnit so can I!!  
Because I like driving to much!!!  I could not be trusted to drive a car for years.IWNDWYT cause I treat my sober days like gold and if I drink again I will surely die an unpleasant death. 
because drunk me is NOT me.
"...how scared I was..."..Because I'm a grown-ass man and I would wake up literally terrified of the day. 
Because I've come to know the person I am without alcohol and I like that person better because he's not a phony.  
Because I'm trying to repair all the damage I've done to myself and I can't afford any setbacks. Because I might not be able to get sober again. Because when I was drinking I felt afraid of everything and didn't want to live.
Because fuck ever doing the first 30 days again.  No way.  Waiting for liver test results seizure which I'm told I'm pretty much guaranteed to have if I ever withdrawal again mood swings adjusting to sober sleep just general anxiety of not knowing what being sober long term is going to be like.  Fuck all that.   I've never seriously debated having a drink yet but whenever the idea comes across my mind that's all I think about.  
Because why waste good money to poison myself? IWNDWYT 
"Because I said I won't drink *today*. I'll wait for tomorrow."..Then repeat when tomorrow becomes today.
Because my highest calling is to be of service to others. I love helping people in recovery. They come to me for advice because I have some small amount of credibility.  ..If I relapse I lose that credibility and it makes me less effective in providing benefit to other alcoholics. It's not me I am worried about it's the other guy. 
The choice is binary for me.  Go back into suffering or stay out of suffering.  I don't glorify suffering.  The desire is a lie.  
