-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9eqyg0/my_thoughts_on_365_days_sober/

After four+ years of daily heavy drinking I committed to at least a month of sobriety with Sept 10 2017 being my first day. I didn't know how long it would last but after falling in love with sobriety I knew I'd be doing this for a while...In the next month I moved away from a terrible roommate and walking distance to a dozen+ bars to my first apartment by myself in a nice quiet area. I renewed my vehicle registration that had expired back in January. I quickly lost nine pounds in the first 20 days and then started tracking my steadily-decreasing weight totaling about 40 pounds lost today. r/https://i.imgur.com/DEVZURs.png..In the past year my shaky hand problem has nearly disappeared and my lack of daily anxiety has made me a much better more functional person in general. My career is on a better path with a hopeful promotion in the next couple months and in the meantime I enjoy my current job again. I don't exercise as much as I would like to but it's infinitely more than the zero exercise I did while drinking. I cook regularly and care for my health properly now. I wish I had taken a before photo but the frequent comments from friends family and coworkers about the weight loss and face gains keep me motivated...I estimate I've saved over $8000 by not drinking though this is half-balanced out by the increased costs of living alone. I'd say it's a good trade-off. A good chunk paid for a bunch of long-overdue dental work. I never brushed my teeth at night because I would pass out from booze every night. It's amazing my teeth weren't in worse condition...Back when I managed a bar when I would do my orders I'd look at the previous week's usage of each product extend that to the current week and if I wasn't happy with how much there'd be left at the end of the week I would order more of that product. This translated to looking at my previous year of life extending those changes over the current year and determining if I'd be happy with my life at the end of the year. Not being happy with this result a year ago helped push me to being sober and now I can say I'd be happy with another year of sobriety...My closing advice to someone struggling to enter sobriety: 1. You don't have to fulfill the stereotypes of a problem drinker for your drinking to be a problem. 2. Focus on the positive aspects of sobriety not avoiding the negative aspects of drinking. Even if you're saying the same thing it's all about phrasing.  I want to wake up feeling rested  not  I don't want to wake up hungover .  I want to save money/build a retirement fund/buy \*expensive thing\*  not  I want to stop spending so much money at bars . That's why I made my post about the positive changes of the past year not the drinking-related problems leading up to it...Thank you for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

I added your last paragraph to my saved file of quotes from here....Thanks.
Congrats on one year! I hope to be joining you soon : )...Good point about focusing on the positive aspects of sobriety and life in general.
Congrats for 1 year! Maybe we should change " I will not drink with you today" to "I get to not drink with you today" IGTNDWYT 
Thanks for sharing!   congratz! 
Awesome post! So grateful for this community. 
What a wonderful post u/AnonSober1479!  Congrats on your first year and keep it going!!  Many more blessings to you!
Love this. Thank you for sharing.
