-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9es3dy/struggle_to_make_friends/

Anyone else on here have a problem with this?  When drinking that was enough.  Just me and my bottles and whatever mind numbing television episode that was on at the moment.  Since abstaining I no longer have an interest in television really.  I do go to the gym after work to take up some time but have no desire to walk up to someone and say  hi will you be my friend? .......  During periods like right now when I'm winding down and in my thoughts I feel very lonely.  I don't have a good marriage and all my family live hours away.  I never really desired socialization previously but now am starting to recognize the importance of a real life support system.  I know I can go to meetings (also not really in to the AA thing) but I was just wondering if anyone else on here has any ideas as an adult how to establish friendships...
----------immediate responses--------

I always have struggled with this. Ive taken a hard look at the reasons why in the last several months. Im sure our reasons wont be the same. For me its hard to explain but for some reason I get anxious in social situations. .The good news is that my family relationships have grown a gread deal in the last 10 months and i really cherish the time we have. Im working on being more normal at other times but at least today I have accepted it for what it is.
I find that the older I get the harder it is to make new friends.  I've met some neat people through a joining a book club and volunteering. It's much easier when there's a common interest. 
I just read an article about this. https://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/2018/09/10/how-make-friends-adult/zBPGhmUsGq9uWGKHYzqe3K/story.html ..It apparently takes 50 hours to make a friend. ..I made my most recent friend when I was in a year long writing class. We had a 3 hour class once a week and were reading each others work and giving feedback on it. After a while we figured out who we resonated with traded numbers made plans to meet up to write outside of class and eventually one of them become a super close friend. Then she moved across the country. But we have an ongoing text throughout the day (I'm chatting with her while I browse this sub.) ..I realize now that if I went more friends i have to put time into something where I'll be around the same people for a sustained period of time. So not like a meet up here and there but a photography class or a drawing class or another writing class. something that lasts longer than a couple of weeks where we like the same things and have an opportunity to see each other at related events. 
At this point maybe your body and mind are still adapting to being without alcohol.  I know it took me a while before I became interested in things once again and wanting to be social...In the meantime why not try the AA thing?  At least you'll be around people with something in common.  You never know friendships may develop there...
Meet up. Bumble (there is a BFF part that is just for meeting friends). I like Refuge Recovery I appreciate having a group the sessions are pretty chill and I could socialize more with the group but so far I have just done the meetings...Congrats on 42!
I'm incredibly lonely too and looking at trying to quit drinking with this knowledge...I have a profound struggle with trusting other people (severe childhood abuse/neglect) and thus not able to develop emotional bonds with others...Fortunately there's a community near me that is filled with people I'm enamored with and at least 3 nights a week can be spent bouncing around with them.  Not sure what to do with the other 4 nights a week.  Scares the shit out of me...I'll be watching you and this thread.  I struggle profoundly with making friendships..
