-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9exfc3/talking_about_talking_about_feelings/

Hi everyone!..How are you all doing?  I hope you're all doing well. How am I doing? I had to pause &amp; stop myself from reflexively answering  Fine  with both my sponsor and my therapist when they asked me that yesterday. So that's how I'm doing. I could pass for fine. Anything that's not fine isn't showing yet...I've gotten sober before. Hiding how I'm feeling is bad. Pretending that things are great when I'm not feeling it is bad. I've gotta be honest about where I'm at and how I'm doing. Otherwise I'll keep bottling up my feelings I'll get stuck in my own head start isolating and ultimately relapse. ..I got rid of my crutch and I'm still hobbling around because I haven't quite figured out how to walk without it yet. Being continually present without having the option of checking out or altering my consciousness is hard. That's why I wasn't doing it. ..But it's something that I can do and my feelings are not something that I have to fix. I can just notice them. I do have to acknowledge the reality of where I'm at. Where I'm at sometimes feels uncomfortable but I'm doing what I gotta do to get to somewhere better. Early sobriety is kinda rough at times and I'm looking forward to when this all just becomes my new normal...Second analogy: Early sobriety is like a rest stop along a highway. It's a nice place to stretch my legs and use the bathroom but it's not a destination. I don't want to stay here...Third analogy: I'm playing [Oregon Trail](https://classicreload.com/oregon-trail.html) of the soul. I may have just lost half my shit crossing a river. Someone in my party may have just died of dysentery. But I gotta keep pressing forward. Because I can't stay where I am and I can't go back to where I was. The only alternative is starting this process over...Choose your own adventure sobernauts and I'll see you on the flip side...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Sometimes when people (in AA feel like most people outside would find this weird) ask how I am I just say  I don't know . It's weirdly freeing probably because it's the truth. 
I'm so very bad about talking about feelings.  Honestly I've been in talk therapy before and I basically suck at it because when they ask how it's going I answer 'fine' all the time.  Like if it were fine I wouldn't be here you know?  But no I answer 'fine'.  ..&gt; my feelings are not something that I have to fix..This is great.  
&gt; Early sobriety is like a rest stop along a highway. It's a nice place to stretch my legs and use the bathroom but it's not a destination. I don't want to stay here. ..&amp;#x200B;..That's really good!
Sometimes I use the context Life is pretty tough right now but I'm OK. Sort of greases the skids to allow open conversation on handling things. Everyone I mean everyone has something going on and it allows a little share and compare to feel better. Know your not alone in thoughts.
Wonderful stuff  Ginger
Completely relate. It's so easy to reflexively answer fine. ..And there are relationships where that answer is appropriate. Such as me running into my landlord in the hallway and such things. However there are also times where it's also not the authentic answer. ..Have you heard of the first thought/second thought reaction paradigm? Our  first thought/first reaction  is typically how society/our past/whatever has conditioned us to respond. Our  second thought/reaction  is usually more emotionally honest. A challenge for myself is identifying what is my first thought and what is my second thought. ..Many times talking through the  second thought  reaction feels like a baby giraffe learning how to walk on wobbly legs. Practice and growth and maturity will help. Really like your Oregon trail analogy too. ..IWNDWYT 
