-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9f6tfa/am_i_kidding_myself/

I'll try to keep it short. Last saturday I had a basketball game. We won  and as usual afterwards everyone had some beers. Including me. I'm not THAT much bothered by the beers  but more by the fact that I had decided that day to not have any. It wasn't peer pressure. I wasn't feeling bad or anything. I just wanted to have some beers with the guys. Maybe i'm still trying to prove i'm not an alcoholic and can go to moderate drinking whenever I want. I'm not sure. I don't feel deprived or anything when not drinking. But the constant attention the whole things gets starts irritating me after a while and I seem to have this moment of rebellion where my commitment drops. I'm not relapsing. But this bothers me. And I'am glad that it does in some way. Anyway curious about opinions regarding this.  ...Ps: How do I reset my badge?
----------immediate responses--------

Things will become clearer; what you "are" what you want to be if you want to quit altogether or moderate the longer that your cognizant of "you"...I don't think anyone here just woke up one day with the epiphany of "I'm an alcoholic.  I will stop drinking now" and did just that...There are years of creeping realizations.  Many months of mental turmoil as you make decisions back away from them rationalizations of decisions counter to other decisions...Hopefully one day things click to your satisfaction.  I would just keep walking down the path asking questions communicating thinking...Loves
We all get to design our own recovery. I didn't reset my badge when I had a few hard lemonades a couple of weeks in. It was still a vast improvement over what I had been drinking and it taught me that I needed to travel with my own NA drinks which I did the next day when I went back to the same friend's house to hang out. ..Resetting my badge would have given those drinks way more power than they had. My badge is about my entire recovery not the consecutive number of days where zero alcohol passes my lips. ..The temptation to go back to drinking around others faded after a few weeks. I learned what I could from the drinks I had. I don't consider them a lapse relapse slip or anything negative. ..Refraining from alcohol is building a muscle and each time we say no or drink far less than we would have it's a success. If we say "yes" it's not a failure. It's a lesson. ..You might like the SMARTRecovery tools that talk about "backslides" and reasons for quitting. https://www.smartrecovery.org/smart-recovery-toolbox/ ..
I think we can all relate to what you're saying.  It's so annoying that Stopping Drinking takes up so much of my mind space.  But I think it just takes time.  Old habits die hard as they say...  This should work:..[https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/](https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/)
[Here's the link](https://sd.bot.nu/badgedate/) for the badge reset.    .    .It took me 20 years of attempting to moderate before I came to a life-changing realization: moderation is a mirage an illusion. Sure I may have been able to pull it off for a few days going out with friends carefully monitoring my consumption. It was stressful. I hated sipping on drinks. How in the hell were other people able to make a pint of beer last so long? Inevitably I would end up hungover in the morning after a few days of "responsible" drinking. This cycle continued for years and years. I thought I was able to control it *this time.*    .    .Then I realized something. What was the point? Moderation was torture. I drank to get *drunk*. The only way I can control alcohol is not drink it.    .    .If you search "moderation" in this sub you will found thousands of posts of folks who have been in your exact same situation. It is a common thread we all have. Some research suggests about 10% of the human population does not have an "off" switch. It wasn't until I embraced the fact that moderation wasn't an option was when I was able to make the change I needed. Instead of leaving the door cracked open I had to shut it and lock it. Can I have a few beers with my friends just this once? Nope. The only drink I have to avoid is the first one. Zero is the number I can keep track of...
People who are not alcoholics do not have to think about moderation it comes naturally to them. I find that many people who think about/discuss moderation have problems with alcohol(myself included). Best of luck in the future!
