-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fazkc/feeling_very_sadvulnerableisolated_now/

Most of this year I have been sober with the exception of about a month relapse in May. I also just started a new job in a new profession in a new state 2 time zones away from family and the only person I know is my husband (we relocated in June). ..I work as a paralegal and in the legal profession there is a lot of drinking. I just started a few weeks ago and one of my coworkers suggested today we go to happy hour soon. I said sure not going into details that I don't drink. (Just as reference I am okay being at bars I'm at a point where I don't even want alcohol or crave it like I used to.) later she was talking about a few local places that are good and then followed up with a  do you like margaritas  question. That's when I said I don't drink. She responded very fast with  oh? Never? Good for you. We can do coffee or something.  She seemed a bit uncomfortable. I then proceeded to tell her that I used to but not anymore and that I'm okay being out I just get a ginger ale or something. My husband drinks so I go out with him sometimes and still have a good time. ..She seemed okay about it but did seem a little put off at first and then proceeded to tell me who in the office doesn't drink and that people in this profession (lawyers) drink a lot. ..I've been probably thinking too much about this but I can't help but feel slightly isolated and I don't know why she felt the need to tell me about the legal drinking culture (I knew before she told me anyway). ..I'm so worried these people at this new job will be quick to judge because I don't drink or that I won't fit in because my mindset is different from theirs. I know they gossip about almost anyone I've heard it. Is this crazy to think this way? I'm so upset by this small interaction I had to go to the ladies room and calm myself and cried a bit. I knew posting here would make me feel a little better though. 
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;  Is this crazy to think this way? ..I don't think so.  But I've found that people truly don't really care.  I don't really hang out with the same people I did when I was drinking anymore.  I know they talked shit when I was first not drinking.  I know that probably word leaked out around the people I know now that I don't drink; it's hardly a secret.  But trust me I'm sure people said *way* worse stuff when I was drinking because I said and did horrible things.  What can they say now about me?  That I don't drink?  That's true.  That I have a drinking problem and that's why?  That's also true.  All that means is that I did something amazing.  So did you.  
She did mention others that don't drink. Which in one way is a good thing but it seems like she might be the office gossip. I wouldn't go into details with her about personal issues. ..Good luck with your new job. It is much easier to perform well at a new job when we are sober. ..IWNDWYT 
I'm sorry you're feeling this way. But I think it's pretty badass that you don't drink. You're the strong one. Be proud of it. Own that shit! If you're tough enough to quit drinking.... if you're tough enough to work in legal.... I'm guessing you're tough enough to stand proud yet humble. You got this.   
I would spread the  doesn't drink and it's what the cool kids are doing now  gossip about myself.  I did that at my job- people admire it.  At first it was hard to tell because of all the terrible jokes but they do admire and respect it and still invite me to all the outings.  It's my mindset to like the fact I don't drink and it's a preference the same as I used to prefer lime margaritas on ice.  You know?  It's just how I do things that's all nothing more nothing less.  I don't know if that helps any?  IWNDWYT 
I would be proud to hear someone "gossiping" about me being a non-drinker.  That's much much better than what they might say if they saw me drunk...I predict your non-drinking status will be old news very quickly and people will move on to more juicy tidbits with their gossip.
Have u tried aa?.To understand how alcoholics bodies react to alcohol...u can try YouTube "doctors opinion Joe and Charlie" at min 14:20-25:00. Knowledge is power. ..Alcohol effects ppl who are allergic to alcohol..Ie. An alcoholic is a person who has developed a permanent irreversible allergy to alcohol. Hence why it is a progressive disease.(Alcoholics is the term used for ppl who experience intense obsession or mental/physical cravings towards alcohol) .the only antidote to end the addiction is complete abstinence. :) (that is the only solution) moderation does not allow the allergy to lie dormant. That why ANY sip starts the painful addiction cycle all over again...In addition to being told this knowledge...I also go to AA. Here is why:..Aa is a fantastic learning experience.  Its a place full of smart open and caring sober recovering or recovered alcoholics. Many of them are wise and live happy successful emotionally fulfilling lives. I have found tools that work there.  I take what I need...and whatever I don't agree with I simply leave it. Your program is unique to you...I'm nearly 10 months sober and get happier as each month passes. I do the work and stay sober.  When i dont do any personal grpwth work....i suffer.  But here's the thing....I love personal growth. My old life was shitty. I have a whole new life now and even tho relapse was a part of my learning - I no longer relapse. Because I fully and completely understand this horrible disease now.  And now I'm a grateful alcoholic. Because I am healthier and happier than I ever was!  If I didn't hit rock bottom I never would have let go of my ego and got help. Now I have ppl and opportunities in my life I never had before...It's amazing. Today. I stay connected to sober ppl in the meetings and treat AA as free school for myself.  It's not my ONLY solution to sobriety....but it's a big part of it.  I do therapy as I need it....have hobbies and eat well.  I got rid of all my using friends and found a group of smart healthy ppl.  I'm the version of myself I've always aspired to be.  Instead of denying myself help and growth....I help myself. I take credit for having the courage to reach out to ppl who knew more about the disease than I did.  My ego always got in the way.  Now my heart and mind stay open. Soberiety is the best thing i gifted myself.  I stopped trying to get sober alone.  What for? It was killing me. Mentally physically emotionally financially spiritually creatively. What has alcohol (a poison) done for me? Nothing.  Its a cheap high. A Toxic escapism that glossed my pain instead of allowing me to feel.  Feel and do something about my unhappiness. I face my fears now and do it confidently in the safety and sanity of aa or therapy.  Getting help is not a big deal anymore because i broke thru the stigma that told me i could recover on my own. I can't. ...but who can? Addiction is so powerful it's deadly.  That's why so many ppl don't recover...they try to do it on their own.  Life is hard enough.  I learned to quit judging myself and quit trying to be a hero. I had to tell me ego to shut it...and that i WANTED help.  I WANTED to learn. I WANTED to find a sober community. I deserved a sober and happy life.  Now I am free :)..And if u drink because of self pity pain irritable or boredom etc...i relate. I drank because I was in justifyable pain. Or lonely or lost. Now I have ppl. Now i nurture my wounds and be proactive about getting help and getting educated.  There's dozens of resources that we are in control of taking. To have courage is the first  step. Don't think....act. what will you do to start healing and start creating the happy life you deserve?..Hope that helps.
