-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fl6vz/hungover/

I have been trying to slow down my drinking after spending the last 7 years drinking a bottle or two of red wine every single night. I decided that I would stop with the red wine and just have some drinks on the weekend. I generally convince myself mid week that some.Beers are deserved as I worked hard cut the grass did the laundry... whatever. The problem is that a couple cold ones isn't an option for me it's going to be 12 cold ones and passing out. I also tried patting myself on the back for not Messing with liquor but that is faulty addiction logic speaking. Last night was one of those for me worked around the house all day on my day off work made a beautiful pot of soup and the sun was shining so I grabbed a six pack for me and one for my husband and got to work on that. 10 beers later I went to bed not remembering our conversation. I am 34 years old I have a decent job and a happy home- but seem to really struggle with this. Thank you all for sharing your stories I feel that this will help me with my struggle. I will not drink today.
----------immediate responses--------

It's not too late to quit. I was 36. Grab a chair and do sober with us for awhile. IWNDWYT 
I had a job happy home and family. I guess I wouldn't have lost that all if I had quit drinking earlier. Been sober for 30 months now living with my new family. I lost my job and my career is over had to move to another town living a modest simple life now. I'm 42 now. ..It's never too late for abstinence but the longer you drink the harder you fall. 
Yep moderation just doesn't work in my opinion. You don't have to reach rock bottom before you stop.  Nobody ever sets out to drink in the morning but it happens slowly . The good news is that we can stop and get sober. 
Thank you. I successfully quit a twenty year pack a day cigarette habit. I never believed that I could do it. I think I have to just knock this out before I create lasting consequences. I feel blessed that I haven't broken my neck in a fall or hurt someone else. 
They key is deciding who you want to become start walking towards it and don't stop. I had MANY hangovers and MANY days of  why can't I just stop?!  Before i worked my way down to zero drinks. Give yourself credit when needed. You will feel SOOOOOOOO much better without booze. 
Thank you! I really appreciate the support. 
Thank you for sharing.  IWNDWYT
It's an addiction friend.  There's not a whole lot to it.  The "struggle" is really the "negotiation."  It's going to be quite a struggle to manage an addictive drug that by its very nature weakens your resolve.  Around and around it goes...Sounds like you know all that though and aren't drinking today.  Same here. See you tomorrow. :)
I was 34 when I first attended AA. Five months white knuckling it collapsed because I thought I  deserved  to have a few cold ones during college football season. Eighteen years later nearing death I finally stopped starting. I'm a slow learner. Best wishes! You CAN do it.
you won't stop until you hit a rock bottom like many people did not to mention I was the one as well.
25 days sober here. This isn't my first go round with sober item either. A couple things that I have learned that seem to work for me. One is that exceptions will kill you... the one here or rationalizing to say your just doing it on weekends in my experience has never worked out. I am not saying some can't do it but I know I cannot. This leads me to my next thought. I have a cousin who is a addiction counselor at a prominent location here. Talking with him he told me something that really was an eye opening moment for me. He told me  You cannot trust yourself and your decisions when it comes to alcohol. That voice in your head will only lead you down the wrong path . It's really true for me I cannot trust myself or the decisions I make with alcohol anymore except for not drinking. As soon as I feel those thoughts start creeping in I immediately try to change the channel so to speak in my head. Stay busy constantly. It has worked for me and now I can feel myself getting more comfortable with the inactive or down time. ..Good luck I wish you nothing but the best!..IWNDWYT 
