-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fm0s7/even_thought_i_felt_it_would_help_my_sister_i/

Hi Everyone ..I'm not sure where I'm going with this post so please be gentle. ..A very very long story short my sister has a few medically diagnosed mental health issues (don't we all!) that she refuses to seek treatment for. As well as addiction issues. ..Monday night she had a crisis. A friend of hers called Mum Mum called me we went. ..When I got there I tipped out all the alcohol I could find. ..Later in the evening/early morning I suspected she had alcohol somewhere and was drinking right in front of me. Despite her promises she wasn't. ..So when she stepped away I smelt her drink. I realized I wouldn't smell a lot of alcohols so I raised it to my lips to take a sip. ..I fought myself internally one sip won't hurt. I'm doing this for her. I have to know I have to protect her.  Just one sip not a gulp. Yes you're emotional yes you're exhausted yes you quite feel like a drink but it's for her. Go on one sip. ..I didn't do it. ..I put the glass down. ..I walked away and cried. ..I cried for me for her. I cried that I came so close to just one sip and it in all likelihood wouldn't have been one. ..I cried that I can't control myself enough to have just one sip. ..I cried that I couldn't help her because it would harm me. ..I just cried I'm still crying 4 days later on and off. Partly for the same reasons plus the complete impotence of being unable to help her. ..For the fact that like all of us who struggle with addiction and/or other mental health issues until we are ready to seek help to put in the work to remain vigilant to take accountability to sometimes live 60 seconds at a time there is absolutely nothing anyone else can do to save us. ..I won't drink with you today and I hope I won't drink with you in the future. 
----------immediate responses--------

Brave post x..IWNDWYT
You are helping her to the best of your ability and that means something. ..It sounds like you are just going through some rough stuff. It's ok to be upset and have these feelings and you will feel better soon.
I'm in tears.  You are so so brave and strong.
You can help your sister in lots of ways - modeling  sobriety and just being sober to competently help problem solve some of her issues are two ways.
Hugs. Apparently crying releases stress hormone cortisol and that sounds like a hugely stressful situation. So don't feel bad about crying and well done on knowing what your personal boundaries are. 
