-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fp2xj/adapting_to_change_day_6/

The only way I can control my drinking is to stop drinking completely.   .Its weird because I feel like I'm breaking up with myself and I don't really know who sober me is anymore.  .Drunk me is funny happy and sociable. Pretty much everyone loves drunk me but nobody really cares about drunk me.  ...I've reached a point where the amount of stress and anxiety is actually being made a lot worse by drinking and its also preventing me from giving 100% to the things that I really want out of life...This week has been a long one.   ...Guys how do you deal with yourself? My mind is a zoo. I've been keeping very busy with adult things and struggle to find time to relax even though I know its important...What are some of the more rewarding aspects of sobriety experiences you've had or things you've learned along the way?
----------immediate responses--------

Oh boy I could have wrote this word for word sometimes I feel like I'm letting people down by not being the happy fun drunk me. Also the anxiety has been killing me lately I have made it 6 weeks sober this summer and around week 4 I felt a lot better hang in there ! 
Sobriety was learning how to live again figuring out who I am again.  It was scary to let go of alcohol.  Good news is I live a better life and am a better person sober.  I found freedom hope and peace...I wish you the best! Sobriety is worth it. Congratulations on day 6! IWNDWYT 
[removed]
&gt;Pretty much everyone loves drunk me but nobody really cares about drunk me...who is also a person with real thoughts and feelings. ..This is what I found. Everyone loves you but no one knows you. And it's not real love anyway. ..I have found therapy to be the key to my not drinking. I had to learn how to cope with anxiety and stress and the joy without wanting to drink. ..I am around fewer people these days not going to the bar but the connections I make are genuine ones and the people who love me actually know me. 
