-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9fzss9/couldnt_do_it/

Got to 69 days and drank...I don't know what I've learned. I know the last week has been ridiculously hard...I honestly don't know what I could have done differently to avoid this...This time I'm going to try and add meditation to my regimen. I really think that will help...Also no dating. I think that was a big part of why I relapsed...I requested a badge reset...I'm gutted to see it all go back to zero...IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

A really good streak and a couple of good lessons from this. ..You're back here undeterred. That's what matters...I will not drink with you today.
You live learn and move on. Glad you're still here.
Hey that's OK. 69 days is awesome! I just keep going straight ahead and try not to look back on my misteps. 
What do you mean you couldn't do it? You did it for 69 days. ..So what? There are loads of people who relapse and they come here and they get back to being sober. You can too and support someone else when their turn happens. ..No dating? What? Steady. Why not revise that to  no dating idiots .
Oh also second meditation. Headspace is really good and worth the money. 
Welcome back. Most don't make it back this quit and some don't make it back. ..IWNDWYT 
It's worth persevering with! I don't do it every day but manage 5 days a week.
[removed]
You still had two sober months no matter what the counter says today.  When you look back on the year that is still two months out of twelve.  More if you get right back to it.  Don't worry about perfection just keep trying and keep trying to improve.
1 out of 70 is still pretty damn impressive. It's resetting but you are absolutely still winning the war. Keep up the good work! 
Its not a matter of staying "on the horse"  its a matter of if you get back on it when you fall. IWNDWYT .
I've been there as well. But you sound like you learned  that some things need to be avoided so relapse doesn't occur. Stay strong.:)   . IWNDWYTD 
I don't think there are many of us who haven't relapsed. I know I have several times...You know what your pitfalls were and you know that you can do 69 days! These are both great things to know. And you're here posting about it which shows that this is something you want.
The fact that you slipped means you're tryi g. Don't give up on yourself!!!
Sometimes you don't understand why you did something until days or weeks or years after you did it. I'm sure you'll figure it out! Resetting is great it means you're taking it seriously. Let's face it you could've easily not told anyone! But you're staying accountable instead. Much braver. 
