-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9g1p2c/what_are_some_less_obvious_ways_to_help_support/

I'm newly seeing someone who's quit drinking. He's doing an awesome job of it and has lots of great support but I know it's a very real ongoing battle for him. We only just recently met but a major foundation for our connection has been our past struggles/obstacles and how we face them and build on them. I think our dynamic is really constructive for both of us already and I'm excited to keep developing that by learning all I can and being as supportive as possible...I've had some exposure to loved ones struggling with alcoholism but not a whole lot of it and I have no close experience with anyone this motivated and positive. There are some kinds of struggles I'm very literate in but this isn't one of them. I'm aware of basic good practice in terms of avoiding initiating alcohol-related conversation letting him set his comfort zones for being around it at social events things like that but that's about it...But I'm really curious to learn what you guys would suggest for less obvious or less well-known advice for being supportive. When people you're close to have made efforts to learn your needs and be good to you what are the things they do when they go beyond entry-level thoughtfulness and really show thorough sensitivity?..In particular I'm excited to learn about things I can do that are directly constructive and create positive additions to his life as opposed to just things I should avoid. For instance has anyone ever given you a gift that really meant a lot to you specifically in the context of your sobriety? Like maybe awesome books or other resources that have been meaningful influences for you? What are some gestures that have influenced you in a positive direction in this regard and/or made you feel accepted and validated in your progress?..Thanks for being here to ask! I've subscribed both to learn/support and because I've been doing some major cutting down myself which has gone well but I'd like to do better. I appreciate this community existing!
----------immediate responses--------

Alanon is a great resource...Being kind giving love and being supportive...Creating a safe space for the person.  Offering to attend recovery meetings and sit in support...All are helpful.
As well as r/AlAnon you might want to check out r/ScienceAndKindness.
I think working on your own personal growth would be a big help. So that rather than trying to figure out what he needs you work on yourself and your own needs and making sure those get met either within the relationship or on your own. ..Having a mentally healthy partner would be key for me. 
