-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9g7iov/im_no_longer_a_walking_stroke_waiting_to_happen_d/

So Monday I'll have been booze free for two weeks. While it's been hard at times really hard the best thing happened today--I couldn't ask for better motivation!..I have to preface by saying I am overweight and VERY high stress. Ever since I was 18 I've struggled with blood pressure. It reached a fever pitch when last October while sick I checked my bp and it was 228/118...and yes I am aware of how terrifyingly high that is! Well long story short and some BP meds later it's mostly been reasonable. Not the best but def not a hypertensive crisis. I know my drinking was keeping it elevated... But I willfully ignored it because getting drunk was more of a priority than my health. ..In June I came home and found my dad dead. He'd had a heart attack. And while that caused me to drink even more I eventually decided I didn't want to die of a heart attack like him- or liver failure like my mom. So I kicked this bad habit that either directly or indirectly killed my parents. ..Today after being sober for about two weeks and being on ALL my meds (blood pressure meds and my bipolar meds for anxiety/mood stabilizing) I checked my blood pressure at Walmart... ..114/74! That's the lowest it's been EVER in my adult life and I cannot BEGIN to tell any of you how happy I am at 26 years old to not be a heart attack waiting to happen. =D it's the first major thing I've noticed since getting sober--and what an amazing difference only two weeks has made!..Just remember the favor you do your body each day by NOT drinking and how much healthier we all are for it! =)..IWNDWYT!
----------immediate responses--------

Wow that is fantastic! Congratulations! What a great thing you just did for your body.  
Really good stuff!  Keep it up you're on a roll!  I hope for you that you'll only keep getting healthier    iwndwyt!
Congrats. That must feel amazing.
That must feel great. You've done your body the biggest favour ever. Good for you. IWNDWYT  
I too am 26 and was put on 2 separate blood pressure medicines due to drinking. I'm only on day 2 but I have an extremely active job and once I can improve my diet I think the weights gonna fly off and overall health improve greatly. IWNDWYT.
