-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9g8c2a/do_you_tell_people_youre_an_alcoholic/

Been struggling with this one recently. I'm in the Uk. Everyone drinks and so the pressure to drink is constant. Work lunches dinners networking celebrations considerations catch up with friends every social event it never stops. ..And as someone else posted no one seems to want you to stop. They all want you to drink with them. They all want to know why you're being weird and not drinking. ..And part of me wants to tell them. I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol. In fact I have had an unhealthy relationship with several drugs in my life but have currently settled on the one most socially acceptable. And I am fighting it. ..BUT... I am worried about people's reactions and also if I'm really honest I'm worried that telling people will make a relapse a really big deal. Which makes me think I should tell people so I don't. But never drinking ever again still scares me. Which is ridiculous but the truth. 
----------immediate responses--------

No I just tell them I enjoy my life without alcohol in it.
I used to be scared of never drinking again but now I know how much better sober life is I'd never risk it by attempting a drink (that comes with time!! If we don't feel it yet wait longer!!). As far as people go I like the doctor/health card.  My doctor said I better cut out the drinking I'm on the verge of: diabetes pancreatitis gout fatty liver indigestion IBS congestive heart disease take your pick there are so many options.  I haven't bothered with that yet I just say I don't drink and take the flak or enjoy the praise.  It's a toss-up which reaction I'll get.  I live in the hood and I love telling these guys I don't drink.  It makes me look tough- they admire me for it.  It's kind of a benefit I never thought about before :D.  Good luck out there whatever you decide be proud!  You're doing a great thing here.  A noteable esteemable thing   
This post resonates with me alot. Currently I have been telling folks that I am taking a break and here in the US it's not that big of a deal. People generally say good on you and encourage you (at least in my neck of the woods). So for now no I don't tell people I'm alcoholic. I just say that I needed to stop and people generally don't pry after that...&gt; But never drinking ever again still scares me. Which is ridiculous but the truth...Oh boy this is totally my story. But let me tell you something you've probably heard a thousand times already. You know what really matters? Whether you're drinking today. That's it. You see that guy with the 9472 days on his flair? (I'm looking at you /u/AllGravitySucks!!) Yeah you know what matters for him? That he isn't drinking today. Because you know what? If you've got a million days sober but you're drinking today you're in the same boat as the other guy whose drinking today for his 40th day in a row. But if you've got 1 day sober and you're not drinking you're right there with the guy with a thousand and one days who isn't drinking today...I realize this sounds overly simplistic (and there is a sense in which it isn't telling the whole story because time in sobriety counts for a lot) but the long and the short of it is that we all have today and that's it. Who cares if you relapsed a hundred times before? You're not drinking today. Are you going to relapse tomorrow? Maybe. What about in a week a month or a year? So what. You're not drinking today...Today is what matters. So don't think about never drinking again. Just don't drink today...IWNDWYT.
If someone asked me why I had stopped drinking I would tell them that I couldn't handle the hangovers and if I had one drink I would have ten. The conversation would instantly be turned to hangovers and me not drinking would be forgotten...I am in the UK as well and every bar I have been into since going sober has had zero alcohol lager so I drink that. Becks blue is most common but it's pretty rank. Bitteburger zero is my favourite. 
I just posted something similar. I recently stopped so all my friends accept that it's a phase. I'm not looking forward to the longer term "oh you're STILL not drinking?!" questions.  ..I often tell party friends casually I had a problem with coke and that's why I don't do it anymore. It's always been cool. I don't know why I can't say I have a problem with alcohol. I feel that people would react really differently.
I avoided saying it for a year mostly for the reasons you wrote. At this point I have no problem saying I'm an alcoholic when appropriate. Like it's not the first thing I bring up in conversation with strangers but if it comes up at parties or bars. I'll usually start with a good-natured/corny joke. E..g. no thanks when I drink I wake up in handcuffs. Some people then ask if I'm an alcoholic which I answer honestly...I lied so much as an alcoholic it's refreshing to just be honest for a change. I've also had some rewarding conversations out of it. People tell me about family members or are generally curious about what alcoholism feels like. 
Totally feel you.  Stopped 9 months ago and this has been my biggest worry.   Only my husband and best friend know.  But Christmas Is coming and I have a few nights out coming up where I will be expected to drink.  Still not quite sure how I'm going to handle it.  But I won't be drinking I know that.   
I'm from the UK. Whenever I tell anyone here I am not drinking including my dad they basically laugh and tell me something along the lines of "Yeah right" or "How many days is it THIS time?" When I told my dad I'd made it to 90 days he said I should celebrate with a bottle of champagne. He wasn't joking...I haven't people I'm an alcoholic but I have told them I had a bigger problem with alcohol than they realize and would appreciate their support. Strangely the offers to socialize with some of these people who I thought were my friends have completely dried up. I'm okay with this as it has given me extra time to get fit and healthy to focus on my career path and my hobbies and to spend more time doing things I would not have done had I been drinking. In fact it has been kind of freeing in a way. I've rediscovered hobbies and interests from years ago that I had given up due to drinking...I've lived in all kinds of places around the world but I find stopping drinking the hardest thing to do when I'm in the UK so I totally get where you're coming from. It can be done though. You can do it.
I generally stay away from the term "alcoholic" because it means so many different things to so many people.  "You have a disease?" "You're sick?"  "You're a drunk? Nah!  You're not drunk right *now*"  "You're not homeless how can you be an alcoholic?"  It goes on and on...My stock response is "Not really in the mood for alcohol right now thanks."  If pressed during a celebration or something I say "Staying away from booze for a bit I tend to like it more than it likes me.". You would be surprised how many people stop and think about that one and probably privately consider that it is a good point for themselves as well...And yes never drinking again is daunting.  I agree with every single poster who says not to worry about forever.  Worry about today.  I will not drink with you today: a perfect slogan.  Tomorrow is a whole other day and I don't plan to drink tomorrow either.  But let's see how tomorrow goes...Congrats on 15 days!..&amp;#x200B;
Would you call someone who's quit smoking a smokoholic? Of course not alcoholics (to me ) a horrible unjust tag I just explain I've drank like the best out there and now decided not to and to get healthy
For me when someone ask why I don't want a drink I'll usually play it off with a joke  too many calories .  If they persist I'll give it up straightaway -  I'm an alcoholic .
If they are true genuine people I tell them I have a problem but im getting help... with the ammount of addictions ive found most people Ive told absolutely brilliant....they sometimes admire you for fighting back.   however not always the case. IWNDWYT
I work in medicine. I have a very responsible quite academically demanding role making decisions in often life or death situations. For years I did this job impaired - I never drank at work but occasionally in the mornings and after probably 20+ units the night before. Noone knew...Until I couldn't do it anymore. I woke up one day after a few days of feeling weak and I couldn't physically get out of bed. I panicked. I called my GP and got a taxi there even though it was just up the road. Long story short they called 999 straight away and I spent 2 weeks detoxing in hospital. I spent the next 7 months off work getting sicker and sicker until in May I collapsed at home with acute liver failure developed seizures and sepsis in hospital and was put into a medically induced coma. I should have died and would have if I hadn't stopped drinking months before...Anyway my point in relation to your question is that I was utterly awed by the level of support compassion and empathy I received from my friends and colleagues when I told them the truth about my addiction. My wonderful boss (who visited me in hospital frequently during my 6 week stay) said that my honesty and candour did me great credit. My friends (all of whom I work with) rallied around amazingly visiting me in hospital then at home cooking me food taking me shopping in my wheelchair always checking on me...Now I'm back at work and if someone asks what happened to me I tell them the truth. I am proud of who I am now and how far I have come. And most importantly it's encouraging others to talk about their own problems. You'd be surprised how many people silently suffer with addiction. Of course it is completely up to you if you feel you are not ok with sharing I am lucky to work in a supportive and caring environment but I feel good knowing that I can help others by - hopefully - inspiring them to try and find freedom and happiness without alcohol drugs gambling etc. 
I usually try to mix in a bit of humor but still let people know that drinking is a serious problem for me. Things like "I'm allergic to alcohol I break out in handcuffs" or "I don't drink anymore I drank my quota for life". They tend to laugh and move on. Find what works for you!
I tell people I don't because I am too good at it. 
I am a pretty private person and don't really tell people much about myself unless I am close with them.  I share what I want and it is up to them to decide what to do with the information. ..No I don't say "hi I'm an alcoholic" that is a label I don't frequently use to describe myself.  Am I? Technically yes.  i've said that I have gone through phases of drinking too much so I quit and I feel so much better about my life. I focus on the positives of not drinking rather than the reasons that drove me to quit in the first place.  When I go out to socialize with folks I don't know all that well and others drink and they ask if I want a drink or why am I not joining them in a beer I simply say I'm not in the mood. ..It isn't a big deal to me so it should be for them. If it is and I am feeling generous to elaborate I say I just feel better these days when I don't drink. Simple and true...I've also said to colleagues "I'm on a break".  The way I see it I don't owe anyone an explanation and really at the end of the day who cares what they think :)  
