-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gclu7/aa_is_like_a_roller_coaster_we_are_not_a_glum_lot/

My home group is a fun loving lot. A typical meeting sounds more like a party with all the laughter smiling and people 'doing the wave' for momentous events like someone hitting a year of sobriety or a visitor from somewhere special. It's like a great party from back in my drinking days only there is no alcohol..Recently a visitor commented during her share that she takes her sobriety very seriously and was having a hard time feeling comfortable with all the laughter and joy she observed during the meeting. This woman was no stranger to AA she has 8 years sober. Her comment reminded me of how I felt when I first started coming to AA..It took me quite a few runs at it before I started to regularly attend AA meetings. In fact for my first meeting attempt I never even entered the building! I would drive to the church park and then sit in the parking lot as I watched others show up and walk into the building. When people stopped coming I would start the car and drive back home. I just couldn't do it. I was scared for many reasons but the big thing for me was that going in meant that I would finally be admitting to myself that I have a problem and needed help. I'm sure that this is common for many new comers - it takes a lot of guts to walk into those rooms for the first time when you have no idea what goes on in there..One night I had gone 2 weeks without drinking which was about as long as I could go without starting again. I decided to head to the liquor store and celebrate my two weeks with a bottle or two as I had so often done in the past. I got in the car and headed to the grocery store when a funny thing happened. I pulled up to 35th street preparing to make a left and glanced at the clock in the car - I saw that it was eight o'clock and a Wednesday. In that instant instead of a left I took a right and drove to the AA meeting that I had yet to actually attend. It's odd it was pure coincidence both that it was both eight o'clock and also a Wednesday perhaps it was my still unknown-to-me Higher Power at work..I was determined! This time when I got to the church I parked my car and promptly walked directly into the AA meeting. I was about 15 minutes late. I was shocked when I walked in - so much laughter smiles and arm waving going on. I initially thought that I had walked into the wrong room! Here I am in deep despair trying to quit drinking and it sounds like a damn frat party on a Saturday night. I just sat down and listened to the members as they shared and the most amazing thing happened. As I listened to those stories I suddenly realized that these people although they were completely different from me in most respects they were the same as me in their relationship with alcohol. I had never before met anyone who was like me - all my life I had assumed that I was somehow unique and I now found myself in a room with 60 people who were just like me. I had found my people and it was a tremendous relief..So I started to regularly attend meetings but continued to struggle with how I felt about all the joy and laughter expressed there. It just seemed wrong to me that such serious matters were often shared with laughter. It was almost at times like locker room talk where we bragged about who had the biggest dick scar or injury - people literally one-upping one another with shocking stories of their past (particularly after the meetings during smoking time outside). I just didn't get it..One time after returning home from a meeting my wife asked me how it went and I described that I was confused. I told her that the meetings were like a frat house on a Saturday night but without the drugs alcohol and sex! I thought about this for a long time..One night I awoke from a terrible nightmare. I am horribly afraid of heights and basically most any ride you might see at a fairground. My daughter however loves roller coasters and I force myself to face my fears and ride with her whenever she asks. She's a teenager and I realize that it will not be long before she stops asking me so often as our relationship changes and she starts her own life journey. In this nightmare we were riding a large roller coaster - looping swooping up down lurching through turns at breakneck speed. I woke up abruptly and covered in sweat..The second I awoke I suddenly understood that AA meetings are like roller coasters! Roller coasters are meticulously engineered by super smart guys with advanced degrees and years of study in physics engineering construction and safety. As horrifying as those rides can be they are absolutely safe (you know for the most part). Because deep down we know that they are safe that also makes them fun. We allow ourselves to scream and laugh in both fear and joy precisely and only because we know that we are actually safe from any harm. A good roller coaster ride makes me feel 100% alive (once it's over)..AA meetings are the same. The reason we can share our pain is because we know that we have a solution to our problems - through our program of acceptance meetings fellowship steps a sponsor and service.  We have an answer and we know we are safer than we have been in a long time. We can laugh joke and jeer about our darkest thoughts and past experiences because we know that we now have a way to live our lives. We can throw all our feelings out on the floor while sharing because we know we are among peers and no one will judge or criticize us. We feel safe. I finally understood and was able to celebrate our raucous meetings because I got it. The laughter we hear in AA meetings means that those meetings are working.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Fantastic post!  
Yes one thing I love about AA is to see how healthy and happy everyone looks. 
