-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ges6w/alcoholics_anonymous_what_to_expect_at_an_aa/

I've been attending meetings for over 3 months now. In the beginning I was very nervous about going to AA. I had no idea what to expect or how it worked. I was worried that someone would ask me to speak but I was unsure of what I would even say. I'm also somewhat of an introvert and was generally uncomfortable sharing and speaking with a large group of people who lets face it have some serious life-problems. It turns out that my concerns were unfounded. No one made any demands of me of any sort. I just sat and listened for the first month I didn't say a word. I learned a lot in that time..The first thing about meetings is that while the venue varies wildly most are held in churches of various denominations. If you are agnostic don't let that bother you - no religion is pushed although there is much discussion of a higher power and for most people that I've met they label that power god. I've been to bonfire meetings meetings in office buildings meetings in old hotels and meetings in strip malls - they are EVERYWHERE! No one is really in charge and there is no beaurocracy leadership fees political affiliation causes or fund raisers. The participants create the environment which leads to different vibes for different meetings - it always amazes me how humans create varying social environments simply by being there. No two meetings are really the same and yet they are also very similar. There is only a single requirement to attend and that is that you have a desire to stop drinking..For those that haven't been to a meeting the format is pretty much the same at most any meeting that I've been to. Generally lasting an hour and a half the meeting is initiated by the meeting chair with a brief introduction of the agenda for the evening. Nothing surprising it's usually a few announcements an inspirational reading likely from the Big Book a speaker or 2 open sharing donations and that's a wrap. The chair often starts by asking if there are any visitors from out of town or those who are within their first 30 days of sobriety. If so those people may introduce themselves by first name only (it is anonymous) saying something like 'Hi my name is Tom I'm an alcoholic and haven't had a drink for 12 days'. The meeting then always begins by reading the 12 steps and principles. After that a preselected person reads a passage from the Big Book which deals with the discussion topic of the evening. This person is most often the first speaker and then shares how the passage relates to their experience. Oh and there is always lots of coffee and it's generally quite good - it's really the only mind altering substance endorsed and so recovering alcoholics definitely have figured out how to make it quite well..Let me just say that sharing is an amazing experience. Alcoholics in general are excellent story tellers and just good all around bullshitters with dramatic life experiences. Humor is often a big part of someones share - there is often so much laughter that it feels like a frat party but without drugs and alcohol. Some of the stories that I've heard have deeply touched me made me laugh think cry get motivated - you name it you'll hear it. The shares most often have to do with the evenings topic and should be less than 5 minutes but there are no hard rules. No one is going to judge or criticize you..The big difference that I have noticed in various meetings concerns how sharing is done. In small groups they generally go around the circle giving each person a chance to share although you are always free to pass. In larger groups the chair usually selects those to speak mostly from the pool of people that they know as part of the home group but also occasional newcomers. After these called shares there is an open period where anyone can share. I've also been to meetings where people self-select by standing up and sharing one at a time. No matter how the speaker is selected there is no cross talk. In other words you just listen to the speaker - no questions or intentional communication with them at all. If you feel compelled to talk to someone who has shared you can privately approach them after the official meeting is over. Sharing is the bulk of the meeting. My thinking has been profoundly changed by the stories of people with 28 years of sobriety as well as by those who have less than 30 days - everyone benefits everyone else through their shares..About half way through the meeting a collection plate is passed for donations in order to pay for the coffee rent the room and perhaps buy the Big Book for someone who can not afford it. We're talking a couple bucks here no one makes any money off of this. The plate also is a chance for attendees to get their attendance slips signed. Many are on parole or perhaps there from rehab specifically for the meeting and are required to prove that they are attending. In my regular meeting there are always plenty of newcomers - I live in a large city and there is no shortage of alcoholics and addicts who have come to realize that they need help. While AA started out for alcoholics the reality is that most alcoholics today have been 'drinking and drugging'. We call ourselves alcoholics or addicts but I don't get too caught up in what the drug of choice is - it's the same brain mechanism and 12 step program to free yourself. There is an A for every drug - NA (narcotics) MA (marijuana) HA (heroin) SA (sex) etc - so many meetings..At the end of the meeting announcements related to AA upcoming events requests for volunteers sponsees etc are read. The meeting is then officially ended with the Serenity Prayer (agnostics please search and replace 'god' with 'higher power') and then often involves everyone pitching in to cleanup fold chairs etc.After the meeting people enthusiastically meet outside in the designated smoking area in order to of course smoke and chat. It's a great opportunity to really get to know others. I don't smoke but I never miss this time to deeply connect with others. In the beginning I always avoided the after meeting chats but I highly recommend them. It always amazes me how different we alcoholics are but we are also the same. All walks of life - doctors lawyers construction workers teachers judges baristas homeless people young people old people college students tattoo covered some wearing bow ties all races colors creeds sexual orientations - you name it. We are all different but we are also the same. The thing that ties us together is the accepting support we give each other in working a program to save ourselves. It's truly magical for those 2 hours and it has changed my life..Once I became comfortable going to meetings I started to feel at home. I met people learned their names grew to know them from their shares and by talking with them after the meeting. You get to know many details of their personal lives - their struggles their triumphs their strengths and weaknesses. You come to know them at a deep level that just doesn't tend to happen in your everyday life. This is raw no bullshit direct and honest communication. It binds you together and you can't help but care for and love many of those that you meet. Through this process you also share and heal yourself as well as your new friends. What happens in those rooms is nothing short of miraculous..I hope that I have given you some idea of what a typical AA meeting looks like. If you are considering attending a meeting I strongly encourage you to do so. AA has been one of the most incredible experiences of my life. There are so many meetings all day everyday - all you behave to do is find one that feels right to you. If you commit to going for one month you may find that the experience changes your life forever.
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome share!  Thanks so much!..Depending on the region many meetings only last an hour...Also many groups have networking and socializing before the meeting!..They told me  keep coming back  and I did!
[removed]
Good job describing it. I've been to meetings in at least 35 states and can only remember 2 or 3 I wish I hadn't gone to. I used to travel a lot for work and even when I wasn't going regularly at home I would make sure I would scope out meetings instead of sitting in the hotel room. ..IWNDWYT 
Thank you for sharing this.  I plan to go to my first meeting on Wednesday and though I am a Christian was worried about the over abundance of religion when I was more interested in just talking with people who had been through things similar to me.  And I really love the idea of the smoke break afterwards.  I hope the one I'm going to has this because it's my only vice now.  (Even though I tend to vape while at home instead).  Your description is exactly how I want my meeting to go even though I understand they can be different.  IWNDWYT 
Thank you so much for this info. I am new here and have been thinking about attending an AA meeting but did not know what to expect. Much appreciated information!
Thank you. I also plan to attend my first AA meeting this week. What worries me is that I am a health care provider in a smallish town and I'm worried one of my patients will see me there and be afraid that I was drunk while working (I never ever have been). Should I go to another town or something? 
There is definitely a stigma in our society for sure.  I have never informed my professional colleagues aside from trusted close friends.  I would drive to the next town in your position.  In my position I'm not concerned as anyone I encounter in the meetings is there for the same reason that I am - I don't counsel people.  I have in fact met people that I know in meetings which was a jolt the first time it happened - now I just laugh and shake hands with a big smile.  In fact it's a wonderful thing and I've always been much more connected with those folks afterwards. 
All meetings have their own flavor and feel - attend many until you find one that feels right to you.  Definitely try it - for me they are some of the most sincere and real experiences that I've ever had.  It's inspiring. 
Great idea to go - I love going and they have for sure gone a long way to my staying sober.  Every meeting differs but I've yet to go to one that was heavy on religion other than saying the serenity prayer together in the ending circle which has a church feel to it.  I don't get caught up on it in the same way that many who come calling themselves alcoholics are really on other drugs.  You get to know all this in the stories and come to ignore some of these syntactical items and focus on the amazing Good and help that comes from the meetings. 
Good idea to hit various meetings when traveling. I have been to ones a few hours away while on short trips and really appreciated them. This one meeting was only 8 people and it was just wonderful. 
Thanks for the info - I need to checkout more meetings. I love my home group but it's fun to see how other meetings are done.  I went to one some time back that was grilling hamburgers and hotdogs for everyone!  
Late to this post not by a lot but still. Have decided enough is enough and I'm looking to attend my first meeting this Thursday. Bit nervous but you have eased some of my worry about having to speak and what it'll be like. And for that I'm thankful 
Glad that you found it useful.  I'm now afraid NOT to go!  
