-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ggt64/anyone_else_end_up_quitting_drugs_too/

112 days in here. When I first quit I told others and myself that I was quitting "just alcohol." I didn't see the other stuff as too much of a problem and I didn't want the pressure of relapsing on anything else to detract from removing alcohol from my life...But as time went on I just didn't see the need to do drugs anymore as well. I did do a few bumps of cocaine on one occasion a few weeks in. It was ok but it just made me jittery and anxious without the alcohol to take the edge off...I guess I'm just falling back in love with who I naturally am. I don't really see the need to get zonked out of my mind anymore because I've already done all that.
----------immediate responses--------

I think for me they go hand in hand. If I am doing one I prob will end up doing the other.... and that whole "can't stop at one" thing applies across the board for me. Soooooo this is more like a whole "healthy lifestyle change" for me in every way I suppose. Healthier mind/body/soul..... bank account lol....[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I still smoke cannabis though I've slowly been moving away from THC stuff to pure CBD. I have medical but honestly the CBD stuff I buy helps just as much for my pain as the THC stuff but it's cheaper and I don't get all high from it. I've noticed that I enjoy being sober now learning and working have gained new levels of fun for me though a lot of that might have to do with taking additional training (that I'd never have been able to do drunk all the time) and feeling like I'm in the field I want to be.
Yes that's finally happening for me with weed. I wasn't even planning on quitting it but it doesn't serve me anymore. Just nah. 
I inadvertently quit both booze and weed at the same time.  I just had to make a change to make myself feel better and both of those things had really negative effects on me towards the end (and by the end I mean the past 5 years at least).  Now that I've upped my sugar intake that's making me feel shitty too.  So I'll have to work on the food thing next.  All of it for me is just about relieving my own depression anxiety and irritability.  None of it helps.  All of it hurts.  So yes... I did that too!
Alcohol makes me want to go buy a some coke or md I don't think about how much money I'll waste and I don't a fuck until I wake up the next day and the guilt kicks in
