-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9giqkw/i_only_stopped_drinking_for_others/

I am only on 18 days sober but I still cannot feel any sense of achievement or joy in this. I have stopped drinking to please my family my partner and my therapist. If I don't do physical work or go to the gym on my time off I go crazy with boredom and restlessness - the danger here is that I will burn myself out. I am yet to feel good about not drinking - for myself. Every day I cannot say that I won't fall off the wagon. Anyone else struggling to stay sober for OTHERS? 
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
What do you mean when you say you're doing it for others? 
I had the opposite experience   I found myself drinking because others wanted me to drink. Now I want to stop for me but it's hard because i know friends would still like me to have a drink with them. 
I recommend watching the documentary Rain in my Heart. IWNDWYT. Hugs  
I understand that. I'm partly going through the same thing. When I drink people get all up in my shit and tell me I have a problem and I'm hurting them. So I dont now. I'm not sure if it's because I love those people or I just want to be left alone. Either way sobriety is the better choice.
For me trying to stop drinking for others was a certain recipe for failure.  When I tried to stop for others (many times over the decades) it only helped to subvert my drinking more.  I became a better liar and cheat.  I hid my booze better.  Sure I might quit for a day or two or try to moderate but even under the so-called moderation was a stash of well-placed vodka bottles (never one always a backup in case I got caught with one)...My wife and I had our first and only child almost five months ago.  Many many times before the birth my wife would say "Can't you at least stop drinking for the sake of me and our unborn baby?"  Of course I can!  I'll just have ONE beer today (plus about 20 ounces of hidden vodka).  My precious child was born at about 2:00 am.  By 6:00 am she and my wife were resting in the hospital.  I went home for a "nap" having been up all night.  Bullshit.  I went home and drank half a bottle of vodka before I slept for an hour.  ..I couldn't even stop drinking for the birth of my child (btw I'm 57 yrs old...this child is a blessing for me beyond words).  It only dawned on me a few months later:  "how fucked up is that?!  I get blackout drunk every night while my one and only chance at being a great parent is slipping away day by day!"..I stopped for me.  I stopped because I hated who I had become: a selfish self-loathing shameful lying cheating DRUNK.  The rest is falling into place now:  I am present in my daughter's life and we are inseparable.  I am present in my wife's life and able to take a lot parenting burden off her and actually share my life with her (not possible as long as vodka and the concomitant lies came between us).  I am more present in my business -self-employed- and making more money...Bottom line:  I could only quit for me...You already have 18 days sober.  Well done!  I hope you can find some joy and solace in your sobriety and stay quit...for YOU.
