-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gits6/i_keep_denying_i_have_a_problem/

Hey..It's obvious I have a drinking problem. I used to drink up to 500ml of vodka pretty much each night alone in my room. I pretty much always blacked out. But I rarely got a hangover so I keep telling myself it's not that bad. I've never had a DUI or any other trouble I have friends who don't even know about my drinking I m doing extremely well in uni I've rarely done embarrassing things I control my drinking when others are around...I control my drinking so no one notices it. When my parents aren't home I used to drink during the day as well. I've failed to quit several times. In the beginning I'm determined to quit but then I struggle to resist the cravings.  It wasn't too bad last time. Your life is still very much manageable. ..Rationally I know it's just a matter of time until it's no longer manageable. My addict brain tells me otherwise one more blackout can't harm...Would love to hear your experiences on this. Thanks
----------immediate responses--------

If we don't quit while we're ahead we have to be willing to deal with the consequences.  That's all I've got it's a pretty good reason to act now instead of sobering up in jail or something.  IWNDWYT 
I have been there! For me it was a journey to find out what worked for me to quit. I had to read as many books as I could get my hands on and listened to audiobooks and sobriety podcasts in my spare time. Then I went to AA got a sponsor and joined a buddhist recovery group. I don't usually go to AA meetings but having a sponsor has been key for me. I had such a hard time with cravings in the beginning and I needed to be able to check in with someone for support! It doesn't sound like you are totally in denial-more that the cravings get overwhelming and it's easy to rationalize drinking again when you feel powerless.
I'm on that knife edge right now where things are looking unmanageable. I've had about 15 years of gradually heavier and heavier drinking. I've been actively trying to quit for two years. This morning I was getting ready for work in my usual suicidal and exhausted way and I realized I was in the bottom of the hole; the proverbial rock bottom that people talk about. Gosh it was dark. I thought for the first time how I wanted to throw my "shovel" away and quit digging - an analogy which often gets mentioned here. Truthfully I have never gotten into trouble sent a mean text regretted drunken acts or beat myself up much about my habits but to come to that realization is really freakin' awful. I put on a brave face outside my apartment but the anxiety I feel that I've now let it go on for so long that luck is running out and I could lose it all with a single mistep is something I wouldn't wish on anyone. .Best of luck mate. 
