-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gklrr/just_like_that/

I have 50 days  sober just by going one day at a time.  ..&amp;#x200B;..I've had a couple struggles where I feel drinking would improve things.  I then stopped and thought about it for a second and what drinking would add to the situation.  The answer is nothing.   I may feel good for the first one or about 20 minutes... then it would result in me feeling like shit depressed saying stuff I don't mean acting how I don't want to act.  I would then wake up the next day feeling like I was hit by a train and would feel like hell all day.  Is it worth it?..&amp;#x200B;..In the 50 days I have been sober I have thought about why I drank.  I have come up with a few things:  ...1)  Loneliness.   Generally I am a loner and I like being alone.  But even I have my limits and sometimes I want some social interaction but I have realized all my friends have disappeared over time.  We all have our own lives kids work eating up our time.  We don't hang like we use to.   I miss that.    ...2)  Anger.  I am not a lash out anger kind of person.  I bottle up my anger and get internally frustrated to the point where my release had been drinking.  I think the term was "taking the edge off"   I have relalized I don't really like people.  People do things half assed and some who are only thinking of their self.  For example I was getting angry at the grocery store yesterday because people who don't stack the shopping baskets properly.  So the pile of baskets then starts to tip as more pile on.  Really what would it take for you to put the basket into the other basket properly?  2 seconds?  I know I shouldn't get frustrated at that but it made me want to go home and crack a pint.  ..3)  Hunger.  When I am hungry I want to drink.  The key is always have something that is ready to eat when the craving comes.  ..&amp;#x200B;..On to the next 50 days one day at a time...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Well done
Great job!  IWNDWYT
Well done! Your list of why you drank sure sounds like something I could have written. Gives me hope that I will achieve 50 days too. I will not drink with you today.
