-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gmetd/two_years_ago_vs_the_incredible_things_ahead/

Almost two years ago early in the morning of September 21 I chugged the last of the wine I had after a four-day binge and knew it was my last. I had tried so many times before and just hoped this attempt to quit would work. Days turned into weeks turned into months and five days from now two years. I haven't even let myself become close to being tempted I know how hard it was to just get that one time to stick and I can't go through that again. ..The first year was spent getting my life back on track relationships jobs money   this last year has been INCREDIBLE. I've literally become a mountain climber (5419 in the Himalayas and going back in November) and just ran my first marathon yesterday. Who knew I was athletic!? ..It's amazing to be able to have a goal in the future and know that I'll be able to stick with it. It's amazing to be able to have goals at all! All those stupid things I used to dread: getting the bills out of the mail shaky hands falling asleep waking up being around people with alcohol any sort of commitment have either disappeared or become minor annoyances dealt with in a few minutes. It's incredible to see the people that once looked at me with pity or frustration look at me with pride and joy. I'm a marathon runner and a mountain climber! ..I'm so grateful to this forum which was my number one support during the early days. I tried AA but it wasn't for me. I still come here regularly but the need for any kind of support has largely disappeared. If you're still struggling I wish you all the strength in the world there are so so many unexpected and incredible things ahead. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations! ..I feel much the same as you - the first year was a lot of fixing. The second year? A lot of enjoying the fruits of my labor! So happy for you. 3 weeks in Nepal?! **Wow!** That will be an experience of a lifetime! 
Wonderful to read. Well done to you. 
Wow I am so impressed. Good for you! Thanks for the inspiration. 
Congratulations on your Sober Solar Circumnavigations!!
Congrats!!!
Incredible congrats!..Hey - please keep us posted on your Himalayas climb I'd love to hear all about it :).
Marathon and Himalayas! I'm excited to share these achievements with you - reminds me why sobriety is so frigging fantastic. Nepal is amazing - mountains paragliding in Lake Pokhara bungee jumping over an impressive river tracking rhinos and tigers near the border of India. Definitely not something you'd do with alcohol!
Thank you for the inspiration! 
Congratulations!
That's awesome. Really happy for you! Thank you for sharing it's great to hear positive stories out the other side of this. 
What helped you do it?
This gives me so much hope. I feel like this first year has been a real struggle - one I take on willingly - and I appreciate you sending word "back from the future" that things can get better. IWNDWYT..
I just passed the 24 hour mark. It's been hard but I have people around me who support me and I'm excited about the future. For the first time I'm excited to work out yoga and hang out without friends and family which I would always pass up for the drink. Thanks so much for the inspiration! I know it won't be easy but hearing stories like yours gives me hope!
this was awesome.  awesome job for you my friend.  an inspiration.  &lt;3 
Congrats! Love your username BTW
Lovely post congratulations to you. IWNDWYT  
