-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gmhv5/just_want_to_admire_my_flair_carry_on/

I was one of those people who would swear off booze in the morning and be drunk by the afternoon because one more oh I'll start stopping tomorrow my head hurts blah blah. I couldn't imagine my life without drinking. Then I had to pick between stopping and losing my nursing license. Glad I picked the right thing...&amp;#x200B;..I was fortunate that I didn't have much of an old life to shed when I stopped. Drinking had shriveled up my existence to work sleep and obsessing over where I would get my next drink/drinking/hiding my drinking -- often all at once which is what got me in so much trouble. ..&amp;#x200B;..Life is pretty good right now. Husband and I are gearing up to go hiking in Nepal for three weeks...&amp;#x200B;..Most of my problems are normal people problems these days. Like I think I might start looking for a new job after our trip because I am bored with my current one. Not like I need to get a new job because they caught me drunk and they may or may not know that I've also been stealing (while drunk) things so I should peace out before it gets worse. Or I'll be depressed or anxious or even struggling with my anorexia again but I'm taking medicine seeing a therapist and doing more yoga and meditation whatnot -- I'm not being forced inpatient no late night visits by the police where I am cuffed and frog-marched to the ER for a psych eval. ..&amp;#x200B;..It's totally bizarre the mental gymnastics I went through to convince myself that drinking with all of its consequences was more preferable to not drinking. 
----------immediate responses--------

That's a mighty fine badge you have.  
Mmm... 1600... sweet. IWNDWYT 
Look at you with your fancy pants 1600! ..Nice work! 
   IWNDWYT 
Lookin' good!
That's some good looking flair!
That's some nice flair ya got there.
That last line though.... so real
I can't seem to see my or anyone else's flair on here... what gives?
Role model material right there!.Enjoy Nepal - I did the Annapurna circuit +210km (or was it 270km?!) and it is without a doubt one of the most amazing hikes I've ever done - and probably will ever do. .If you have time I went on a 3 day trip to a bungee jump resort (I can't remember the name anymore but I'm sure if you go to any tourist office in Kathmandu they'll steer you to it). It was all inclusive and beautiful. So serene and relaxing - days spent sitting around the dining table with fellow hikers sharing stories of adventures. Oh and a bungee if you have the courage..Enjoy and stay safe!
Shiny badge!
Happy **1600**!..Have a blast in Nepal that sounds so exciting - so happy for you :).
It's such a round number. Congrats! 
Hey! That's amazing. You're amazing. ..I had a similar decision to make but it was in nursing school. I had a bender during break after not drinking for a year and ended up in hospital. When I was over withdrawal and all I had like 3 days to get my shit together before school started again. I knew that if this ever happened again I may never GET my license. And if I did I could lose it. So I decided I would never have a drink again. It's not worth the risk of losing all that I worked so hard for. You're much farther ahead of me (as a nurse and in sobriety) and I admire the choice you have made for the past 1600 days! 
Super flair! How exciting to hike in Nepal! I hope you have a great time!
i will not drink with you today! :) 
Your badge is certainly worthy of celebration and respect! I'm in awe myself - I want to be like you!!!
"It's totally bizarre the mental gymnastics I went through to convince myself that drinking with all of its consequences was more preferable to not drinking." I'm just nodding so hard reading this..Good for you. 1600 is something to look up to :) 
Oh my gosh I'm so glad to hear how well you're doing!!! And that *is* a might fine badge. Have fun in Nepal sounds amazing. Rock on sobernaut!    
It's so shiny and pretty!!!  :)
Normal people problems like normal people!!
Nice badge. If you find the meaning of life in Nepal please share.
Hell yeah
That is a solid looking number!     .. I admit to being envious of you. Hiking in Nepal could be the name of a book or a piece of classical music. So romantic! ..I will look forward to hearing about your adventures.  
How great OK! Blessings on your milestone and have an awesome trek! (PS your namesake is 8.5 months old and growing into a sassy teenage kitty - love her to pieces). 
Congrats and have a great trek!..IWNDWYT 
1600 wow!  One day :)
Congratulations on your 1600!   Enjoy Tibet.   
Congrats!  I'm half as cool as you are! 
