-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gobky/anyone_else_a_bulimic_and_an_alcoholic/

Hi my name is Fred (that's not my real name I'm a 27y.o. woman) and I'm an alcoholic... and a bulimic. I binge drink and I binge eat and I puke and puke and puke. I feel like I'm living in a nightmare every day. I've struggled with alcohol abuse in college and have gone through eating disorder treatment in high school for anorexia specifically but I eventually became bulimic. I work in healthcare. I'm a pretty smart chick. I'm self aware I'm educated supportive family successful in my work. But lately I'm a mess. I'm so weak I can't go running or walking I can't draw or write or read. I just drink and eat and puke. I've drained my bank account on booze and food. I'm done with this. There are so many things I want to do in my life I have so many dreams of who I can be. But for months I've been saying  ok Fred tomorrow you got this. Tomorrow you're going to be better .  But I never get tomorrow. I'm stuck in this cycle. I've stopped talking to friends. My relationship with my boyfriend is a mess. I lie to my sweet loving parents. I'm scared to stop and get help. I'm scared to keep going like this. I'm scared I won't wake up every night when I eventually pass out with the room spinning and my stomach churning. I need to stop this. Anyone else dealing with a similar situation?
----------immediate responses--------

I know many people who go to more than one fellowship.  I know people who go to AA and Overeaters Anonymous...Overeaters Anonymous is for all eating disorders including bulimia anorexia binge eating etc...I'd suggest you look them up and start making meetings.
I remember seeing people like you when I was in rehab a long time ago. Very dangerous combination of diseases to have. My recollection was that they treated both with the eating issues taken on first because of higher mortality rate.
...I wouldn't mind any pm support. I'm quite desperate at this point. 
I have been bulimic on and off for years ( currently off)  I also binge drink fairly regularly. My advice would be to book an appointment to see a mental health professional of course it took me years to follow this advice myself. It's only day 3 for me so I'm not sure how to give advice without sounding hypercritical but I hope you'll be ok it sounds like things are pretty rough just now x  
I would try leave the house (it's night time where I live but maybe it's a good time where you are)  just get out and walk somewhere breath some fresh air and get out of your head for 10 min if it's a scary place just now. Try not to make any decisions without speaking to someone your high school councillor sounds like a great start have you got anyone you can reach out to in the mean time a safe friend or family member? Just so your not alone dealing with how you are feeling? 
Good luck to you too and thanks for your well wishes means a lot x
Can you speak to a doctor? Talking to a doctor about my problem was the start of my journey. 
