-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gtm84/i_relapsed_on_98_days/

Back in February 17 I had 98 days and drank. I was always so annoyed that I didn't at least last to 100 days.  I mean who does that..... I then spent the next year not being able to string together 10 days..... ..Anyway I have now reached the 100 day point again. I truly never thought I would get back to this point!! Never give up trying people!!!!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome to the triple digits!! Congrats!
Way to go! Never give up!
Fantastic! Well done and congratulations!
That's awesome!!! Congratulations!!!
Now I'm nervous!! But good job on yr   
Who does that? Most people who try to stop drinking! There are a lot of adults who have never strung together that amount of time. Quitting takes practice and if you can learn something from the experience you are only improving your odds for this time around. I'm wishing you all the best and I won't drink with you today.     
[removed]
Milestones are always rough - keep it up
Congratulations.  Your success is inspiring!!!  IWNDWYT!!
Congrats.  That's huge.  Just passed my previous best a few days ago and it feels good.  I like waking up every day with a win :-) 
If you don't mind what led to the first relapse?
Keep it up!
Congrats! I drank after 75 days you aren't the only one!
Congratulations!
My useless advice: quit counting.  It's the Zen thing to do. Counting days only means you can fail. 5372 vs 5389 days is insignificant but Today is incredible. ..And congrats on 100 todays!! 
Well done 100 days is awesome. 
You can be a winner each and every day..IWNDWYT 
That's awesome good job!
Here's to 100 more! 
While it's nice to see the numbers go up we can all falter at any point.  I've got 220 days in and I still come close to drinking on many occasions. The only advice I have is that as soon as I find myself thinking about drinking I recognize the fact and force myself to think of something else.  Dwelling on the though just makes me thirsty ;)..&amp;#x200B;..Great job on sticking with it.  It took me 14 years to reach 100 days.  Well done.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I will not drink with you today.
Wow - fantastic perseverance! I'm so happy for you and inspired to do the same. I'm on day 3 after more than a year of sobriety... stupidly tossed aside for a couple of months of binging. But I'm back. Let's celebrate by not drinking today!
lol yessssss! thats awesome congrats! I'm trying to get even just 30 days again yikes 
Good job! We're all in this together 
Congrats on 100 days! Keep going. It gets different.
It takes practice for many. Don't look it as failing on 98 days. You succeeded 98 days in a row!
Good shit keep going!
Awesome job! No one said this would be easy but we are all here because it's worth it!
if you're an alcoholic then pray because your own will (while it got you 100 days) might eventually drink yourself into a pit
Please stop and forget about how many days you have. We ONLY have today and THAT's if you're lucky.  Just for today we can do anything!\~  We try to keep our world small where our feet are. Have you looked at your feet lately?  Take a deep breathe say a prayer know that you are right where you're supposed t be...&amp;#x200B;..And then bring your ass to a meeting!!!\~
What a good post. Congrats my friend that's badass. No drinks today !  
congrats on 100 you got it this time! when we keep trying things get better not worse.
Hey sober twin nice day count! ..I too got to a pretty nice count last year then lost it. I'm proud of both of us for picking ourselves up and getting back at it. Let's do this!.
 Congratulations on joining the   club! After reaching it myself I stopped counting and I will occasionally post just to see my number but it is no longer a daily thing. As others have said it's not about achieving any particular milestoneit's all about today. . 
A guy I sponsored used to joke he could roof your house with his 30 60 and 90 day chips. He's got over 15 years now and life is good. You're right where you're supposed to be. Congrats on 100 and cheers. 
Woohoo! Great job! IWNDWYT
Congrats! Im looking forward to getting to that milestone. 
100 days is a huge milestone! Keep up the good work! I won't drink with you today.
Really needed to see this on yet another day 1. Congrats on 100 and iwndwyt.
I had 18 months and relapsed and have not been able to string 10 days together since. And in my case "since" means the last 14 months.  Today is day 9 for me.  Congrats on your 100 days.  I hope to be there in about 91 days from today.
I did almost the same thing you did. Previous attempt failed about 3 months in. Than it took me almost a year to try again. But now I'm doing pretty good and so are you! :-) .Let's keep it up!
Congratulations. It just keeps getting better and better. Around 6 months was the timeframe where the serious cravings became fewer and farther between. 
What did you do different this time? Right behind with you here :) grats buddy!
You've done over 50% of the days so far passed in 2018 without a drink. Seeing as we're nearly 3/4 of the way through that's even more impressive than hitting 100. ..Though honestly I can't wait to be in triple-digits. Nice work. 
I was sober for about 6 years and I relapsed it took me a whole year to sort myself out again .IWNDWYT X 
Congrats!
Congrats on a 100!! Iwndwyt!
Congrats!! IWNDWYT
Congratulations!  Whoo Hoo!  100 great days! That is great and inspirational! IWNDWYT!
I was just over 100 and blew it on a Valentine's dinner. It has taken me until now to get back to a whopping 9. Good for you for being back to 100!!!!! I plan to join you in a few months :)
so excited for your triple digits!!! doesn't it feel great? :)
I love the pseudo "click bait" title! What a joy it was to read you now have 100 days! Congratulations on surpassing your previous stint. 
In 10th grade I tried to make it to 60 days and made it to 57. Tried lots of time since then until it stuck. IWNDWYT! 
I aspire to be like you in 98 days. Keep up the good work. ..Recently after 30 days (my longest stint in years) I screwed up this past weekend at a wedding. Not screwing up again. Even at the next wedding I'll be toasting ginger beer. It's absolutely not worth it to lose so much progress to gain nothing in return. IWNDWYT
Nice work!..I mean if at first you don't succeed.....;-)
Even though your days sober starts over you still have those 98 days where you didn't drink. And now you can turn that negative view of counting sober days into a positive one. Just how high can i get that number anyhow?  That is the challenge. Can you get to 200? Or 500? Or 5000? Do you know how we do it? By focusing on today. Living one day at a time they add up. Make NOW the most important time. Make your plans for the future when they come up and the get back to focusing on today. That's what i did. What can i do TODAY to improve myself? That is the way i stay sober.
I have been debating to myself whethet counting consecutive sober days helps or hurts my efforts but aftervreadingvall thses good posts.....well now I'm more confused.  
