-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gveq8/struggling/

Every day I wake up with the same hangover. I drive to work absolutely hating myself. I tell myself that I'm absolutely done. If I keep it up I'll die within the next five years and my body feels like it's falling apart. ..Then at around 12-2 during the day that mindset absolutely vanishes. I want to go home and drink the same 18 pack.. and I do. it repeats the next day. I have absolutely NO control over alcohol. Any advice or tips? 
----------immediate responses--------

I was honest with a doctor about how much I was drinking so an assessment of my detox needs could be made. Like you I could not stop without help. Medicine made detox safer and easier. ..Once alcohol was out of my system I felt a wonderful freedom. I got a therapist who nudged me along the road to recovery. AA meetings were a godsend. Being in a room with people who understand was comforting and it gave me hope to see some folks with years of sobriety...There is help if you want it. 
You have to setup a plan for attacking these withdrawal symptoms.  As you have seen once the alcohol starts to leave your system your mind and body start to betray your plans not to drink.  When you first wake up you are probably still some level of intoxicated  and it is only by noon or so that you are really clean and feeling that pull back to get more...The plan varies by person.  Some need to keep themselves busy.  Others need to attend meetings and be with others struggling the same way.  Some need medication.  There are therapists online groups book to read.  So many options for fighting that pull of addiction back to the drug.
I relate with what you are saying. 2 years ago I was in the same rut. I would feel horrible for a day or 2. Once I felt better the lies I told myself kicked in. "I'm being dramatic hangovers are a part of life suck it up control it next time!" I would start drinking again thinking this time would be different... but it wouldn't.... I couldn't figure out why I kept doing this to myself. It never occurred to me I was an alcoholic and the first drink was the one that was too much...Consequences came and I got the "gift of desperation." I got 100% Honest with myself I became Open to trying what others had done to recover and I became Willing to do the work. ..I am grateful I lost my job and my licenses. Without it I would probably still be stuck blaming everyone else but me. It gets so much better. One day at a time..
[removed]
I know this feeling all too well. For me I always think: *I'm feeling better but not perfect so I'll drink a beer to shake the last of it off*. What I don't realize at that moment is that the alcohol is wearing off in my system and it's the addiction to it that's convinced me to drink again. Usually if  I make it through that first day it gets a bit easier and I'll find I'm not thinking of drinking at all. And for me it's the social pull that gets me thereafter. The first day is tough I think because we've learned the "instant solution" to discomfort is drinking. The trick I use is A LOT of food before the thoughts come and then just push through to day two. Repeat.
I had to read *This Naked Mind* to break myself free from that cycle. 
I was in the same rut for years. I really didn't think I could spend one day not drinking. Eventually I did I white knuckled through four days in a row during a holiday. Yes it was awful but I felt such a sense of RELIEF when I woke up after my first alcohol free day... that was the start of it all. ..You don't have to think about quitting forever when you're first starting. Just try get through a single day and take it from there. 
