-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9gy2wq/relapse/

Relapsed again. I got blackout drunk and made my SO doubt my fidelity towards him (he saw me making out with someone) I need to stop drinking for good now. I can't keep hurting him. I feel like a total and complete piece o f shit. I want to die. Any good thoughts are welcome
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
All women AA meetings along with therapy. I needed rehab and maybe you do and maybe you don't.
Relapse sucks. ..But the silver lining? You made it back here. ..You don't ever have to feel like this again...Have you been to any recovery groups like AA SMART or refuge recovery?
It's not a relapse it's just a lapse. Difference being  relapse is driving head first back into addiction with no motive of ever wanting to come back out. A lapse is a temporary slip up and it's perfectly normal. These things do happen and you do feel shitty but please dont let that stop you from trying...It might be worth talking to your SO about absolutely everything. Admit your faults and flaws. It hurts like hell but the only way we can change is by admitting who we are first. But also Express your want to get better and seek help. Surely he will see that you need him and want to be a better person for him.  ..IWNDWYT 
You are worth it.  Get back on the horse! I find doing it for myself to be very important. Sorry that the cunning demon of addiction hijacked your good judgement..This false friend called alcohol presents itself as a friendly social lubricant but it is not long before it wreaks havoc on our bodiesour minds our souls are relationships. our bank balance and our good name. I could go on ....Everyone has their story. Get back up and try again. You don't fail as long as you keep trying.
Thanks everyone. I definitely don't feel worthy of love and positivity so thank you!
Alcohol sadly makes us very hurtful we do things that we would never do sober and are met with a state of confusion as to what happend the next day. Don't beat yourself up too much about what you did if you have decided that you will change and that's what is important. Great changes are never easy and I know we all find it easier if we take it a day at a time. Don't give up for today and when you make it past today work on the next day.  I hope you find peace with your SO. 
It totally does and it's so awful. I feel terrible
Make a plan for how you are going to stay sober. It may include talking to a doctor or looking into a support group. There are plenty of them. 
