-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h0g69/tonight_is_hard_and_so_were_the_last_couple_of/

The last few days or so have been hard harder than I've experienced in quite a while. I thought about buying alcohol on Saturday and didn't. Same with Sunday. Last night I drove around including near a liquor store very close to buying some but then driving away. Tonight I thought doing the same thing but again decided no...I don't why the feelings have been so strong lately. Sometimes I'm rationalizing in support of drinking ("well everyone relapses sometime" "I've gone 106 days what could one day hurt?" "I just want it to relax"). Ultimately and thankfully I've decided against it. ..Life is kind of crappy at the moment but my life had its low moments when I stopped as well. Why am I feeling this wanting to drink feeling right now? Thinking about the bad consequences thankfully are keeping me from drinking for one (I don't even know what a hangover feels like anymore!). The thought of even going into a liquor store buying something and going home just exhausts me. Yet the feeling is still there.
----------immediate responses--------

Something you can do to help occupy your time? For me that's the worst. Having empty time to fill...Some people go to AA meetings and find it helpful.
Congratulations on staying strong! Thinking about the consequences and playing it forward helps me too.  106 days is so amazing! Each day I'm sober builds a little strength and makes it a little easier for me...Sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 107 days that's really awesome and admirable. I often crave alcohol as well. I've been trying to follow the advice in Alcohol Explained (William Porter) to handle cravings. Instead of pushing them out of my mind I really try to question the logic of the craving. If I tell myself beer or cider would be nice I remind myself that I will experience a headache nausea loss of control hangover etc. I really try to imagine the whole experience not just the part I'm addicted to. Eventually I convince myself that I do not logically want a drink. ..&amp;#x200B;..Cravings are tough. I wish you luck. IWNDWYT.
I find that a long walk helps.  I am alone moving along at a pace I desire and taking in the sights and thinking about things.  Unlike riding a bike or being in a car there's something about a physical walk that calms me and allows me to view things in their proper perspective.  By the time I get back home the immediate problems of the day are in their proper place and have lost their urgency.
   Congratulations on 106 days! I've relapsed more than a few times and i was always dissapointed after that first drink. At a little over a year i get little runaway thoughts about drinking. Usually whenever I'm really depressed or stuck in a pattern I'm not proud of. For me it takes momentum to get out of these mental states..   It's something i do to myself that's still a very real side effect of alcoholism. Those self destructive mental patterns take a long time to re-program. And quite frankly i am still like a child learning how to be an adult who doesn't drink. .  I drank through my teenage years and overrode all the proper psychological and physical development with booze. And now i have to learn again. I am very impulsive and i have a whole lot of other self destructive patterns i hardwired into my brain in those years of drinking..  But each day i get to try and create a fulfilling  life for myself. Even if that's just being okay with the way i am right now at this moment. I can be fulfilled even at some of my shittiest times by accepting myself for who and where i am. Accepting all my shitty thought patterns and seeking to change them (cultivating self forgiveness). And of course all this is only possible for me if i am sober. Even though it's not sunshine and rainbows in fact it's harder in a way i have a chance at living a life I'm proud of..  So when you get that fleeting thought try to bring awareness to the amazing work you are doing here. As mundane as it might seem you are giving yourself the opportunity to live free. And sometimes we have to do the manual labor just not taking that first drink..  Sorry for the lengthy reply. I hope you feel a little bit lighter each day and not far from now you can look at that impulse and laugh it off. Reach out if you want and feel the need to.IWNDWYT.
Congrats on your 107 days! Amazing work! And congrats you didn't give in to the thoughts. I've relapsed a few times...even after a long time sober. It's not something I would recommend. It was horrible "just" one day became many many days  filled with sadness stress shame and guilt. Not relaxed at all ;). Play the tape forward. Drinking won't help you relax that's just a thought in your brain but its not true. The thought is not true. Drinking won't help you relax It makes everything worse. Maybe your cravings are telling you something? You say you are feeing the need to relax making that feeling go away with drinking is a conditioned thought. It's part of the addiction. You (we all) have to find another way to cope with those feelings. I am very proud of you for posting and for being strong! You can do this!!!!!!! I am rooting for you! And IWNDWYT 
