-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h2apn/financial_trouble_and_drinking/

My finances are a mess.  I have a ton of debt from buying alcohol and irresponsible spending because I was drinking. So much debt that there is no way I can pay it off. I have an appointment with a bankruptcy attorney next week as I'm pretty sure that's the only feasible way I can dig out of this hole. ..It feels like such a waste.  I make good money.  If I weren't an alcoholic I'd be in great financial shape.  But that's not the case and I basically flushed a huge amount of money down the toilet. I'm struggling with not beating myself up about it because I know shame only makes it harder to stay sober. ..Anyone here dealt with anything similar? Any words of encouragement? ..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I've bought some pretty stupid crap while drunk. I've never been through financial bankruptcy but alcohol bankrupted my life. I lost my wife my dog and my house. I know for a fact if I have another drink I'll eventually lose my job and then my life. Stay strong stay sober and life will eventually get better! Not drinking tonight 
Being sober helps me think clearly.  I make good money . Yet you're beating the crap out of yourself when you don't have to. What has happened happened. Ok rather than beating ourselves up about it let's fix it...If your lawyer is worth a shit they will discuss options besides bankruptcy. Debt consolidation or getting a low interest loan to pay the high interest now. Believe it or not people will gladly give you money to pay off debt so you will pay THEM interest instead. That makes sense right? You can not deny that. The hard part about getting that loan is being unemployed or making minimum wage. You have a job a GOOD job. It might take a few inquiries but someone will gladly give you a loan. They make money so there is motivation for someone out there to help you. Stay sober and think logically. You can definitely fix things.  The end of the world  negative thinking pattern is caused by alcohol. Stay sober and it will gradually get better. Having hope is a HUGE tool for staying sober. You can get through this...I have really bad money problems but I'm so much more responsible sober and I'm chipping away at my debt.
Not at the point of bankruptcy yet but I just had to cash in some 401k to be able to survive for a little bit. I freelance and have very little work. I'm up a creek and it's so stressful. 
Yuuuup sitting here with you. Still struggling on the sobriety part but being sober and REALLY looking at my debt is crushing. I don't have a job (SAHM) and spouse's work hours are impossible for me to go part time. Makes me feel like shit because I can't pay it off and the debt is really me being a fucking reckless drunk and has nothing to do with them. I don't think bankruptcy is an option in my case because it would effect them too  I really don't know. But hey you're not alone and I hope it goes as well as it can. 
