-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h4nfw/looking_for_support/

Yesterday I woke up having blacked out after a night out drinking with colleagues when I had no intention of getting drunk that evening. For some time now I've wrestled with my inability to moderate my drinking and yesterday I accepted that I have essentially been on a two-year relapse after nearly three years of sobriety.  ...I have been fooling myself into thinking that because I was able to "beat" this thing; sobered up after years of trying that this was no longer an issue. I no longer have the energy to keep rationalizing in my mind one reason or another to have a drink and just face dead on again--I have a problem. The idea of a support group made me anxious--I loathe public speaking and the prospect of talking about myself in front of a bunch of people is bloodcurdling but I didn't know what else to do. I'm desperate and ready to give aa another try.  ...I did some googling to find a meeting and found this also. Thank you internet.  ...What I've read so far is giving me strength and conviction. I needed some encouragement and somebody to talk to and this is helping. This morning I'm embarking on my second day sober. IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I'm glad you found us! This subreddit is literally the reason I decided to take the plunge and finally stop for good after lurking and wishing for months and months. I don't go to AA although I am open to it down the line if I feel I need it. I don't really mind public speaking but I hate speaking *about myself* so AA is a tough one for me. I am happy you are here and IWNDWYT!
For me the utter relief of never having to try to moderate again is one of the best things about quitting drinking.No more beating myself up over another failed night of drinking way more than I had planned.Not dri king is much easier for me than controlled drinking.SD is my  support group.It seems to be all I need outside of my supportive family.Just s bit of reading and a few comments each morning takes me through each day.But everyone is different and has different needs. IWNDWYT
It's so hard to get back into the meeting rooms so bravo on you for having the courage to do it! I will not drink with you today. 
Are you willing to go to any lengths to get sober?  If so there are no limits nothing off the table.
I did go to a few meetings but it wasn't for me. I would this site and it became my meeting. I read a lot here and share a lot here. It's available 24/7. Sometimes I need advice sometimes I give advice. Please don't think that there is one way.  There is a you of  you have to do this   advice out there. The truth is that I do what works for me and everyone is different.  I read this naked mind and listened to podcasts. I listen to at least one a day and these are my meetings. The likes of one year no beer taking a break from alcohol and this naked mind podcasts are amazing. There is a huge community on instagram as well. 
