-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h4wne/i_fd_up_help/

Ugh. I've been struggling lately. Last night went to a event drank too much. My mom had to come pick me and my daughter up and drive us home. My husband had to Uber to my car and drive it home. How embarrassing. I've got to change. I know alcohol is poison. I've read Alcohol explained and this Naked Mind And I agree 1000% with everything they say. I feel SOOOOOO much better without alcohol so why do I keep drinking? 
----------immediate responses--------

You keep drinking because you're addicted. The addicted brain is one-hell-of-a-mess. My suggestion is to get into a rehabilitation program. It's not going to be fun or easy but it is a start. ..Good luck..
That's rough but could've been a whole lot worse. Why do you have the first drink? Like in the moment do you think you'll be able to moderate? 
Keep working at itdon't give up.Maybe one of the face to face groups? Counciling therapy?My mind set is I will do whatever it takesI rule out nothing as long as I never let alcohol touch my lips again.
Because you still believe the positives out way the negatives. It's pretty much as simple as that. 
Your subconscious thinks it needs alcohol to survive. That is a hard thing to overcome. Alcohol played a large role in my life and when I got sober there was a void. What are some of the things you're actively doing to stay sober and to fill that void?
Alcohol is an addictive substance. I had developed such deep behavior and thought patterns it seemed my drinking was robotic at times. For some reason I thought I was exempt from this addiction and I would eventually get it together....just later on. Years went by and I was worse off. I was drinking in the morning sometimes and blacking out more...not the right direction I wanted to go. I was watching it happen to me. It seemed like no matter how much I wanted to quit at one moment eventually that would fade and I would resign to drinking for the evening. One morning at 3am I woke up on the couch with all the lights on. I had blacked out while my wife and 11 month old baby were on a walk. I had enough and finally decided to admit my problem and sought help. I went to counseling and checked out AA. Taking that first step towards help gave me momentum to take the next. So glad you posted here. Keep going! 
How far of a sober stretch have you gotten to date?  Have you been able to get more than two weeks?  That is usually where the physical struggle tends to end though the mental struggle continues.
The only person who can answer that question (why do I keep drinking?) is you. It wasn't until I went back to AA with my tail between my legs that I realized that I had a lot of personal issues to deal with that I had hidden under alcohol. And it was only through repeating the Steps week after week that I was able to make progress...The AA process of self-analysis feedback and action will work if you work at it. It is NOT easy. I cried a lot in meetings as I admitted some of the terrible things I'd done and how bad I felt about it. I know now that I *had* to get those things out in the open before I could come to terms with them. But I did and I'm glad because now my heart is light and I don't need to drown my self with booze to get to sleep. So if you really want to quit and are having trouble I suggest visiting AA with an open mind. Don't worry about the God stuff - I don't believe in God a bit and that didn't stop AA from helping me. Good luck!
 Tom Horvath's workbook help clarify why I drank and show me it is out of line with my values. I just look for new ways of fulfilling the things I hoped alcohol would fulfill. It is a costly means to an end.
Today is a new opportunity to face your challenges...Tomorrows challenges will be easier if you make the correct decisions today...Good luck!
For me there were three parts.  In order of how strong they were to the weakest: ..The first was I thought I "got something" from it.  Enjoyed playing video games watching movies where if I were sober wouldn't be fun to watch.  Relieve stress reward myself for something deal with something bad...The second part was the habit.  Every other night - time to get hammered.  Or sometimes the next night.  ..And the third was the straight up addiction.  ..The books (Carr's and This Naked Mind) helped me a lot with the first issue and some with the second.  Microdoses of psychedelics helped with the last.  
I am sorry it happened.  We like you. Lets stay together. God bless
