-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9h5nhq/patting_myself_on_the_back/

Hi guys..I do a lot of lurking in this sub and in celebration of reaching 200 days without alcohol  I want to share a bit of what's happened in my life in that last 6+ months...To say that I've come a long way is an understatement. What I used alcohol for was to medicate my severe anxiety and depression to suppress trauma to hide insecurities to pretend I was satisfied with my toxic dead-end job. I was suffering. My eating disorder was ruling (and ruining) my life. My relationship was on the cusp of ending wherein most of our (usually drunken) arguments ended with a testament on how alcohol was destroying us. It seemed unfathomable to give it up for the sake of keeping our relationship in tact. But that's what we did on March 1...I can't speak for him but I can speak for myself and I will tell you because I know these words are meaningful. I needed this sub in my most insufferable moments. I still do...It fucking sucked for a while like the first 4 months. Not because I was struggling with resisting the urge to drink- that was the easy part of quitting. I couldn't sleep. Insomnia was destroying my brain. I was having suicidal thoughts DAILY. Mood swings were severe and uncontrollable. My anxiety rendered me useless. I couldn't laugh hold conversations enjoy the little things in life. I finally said enough is enough I needed help. That's when I sought medical attention. ..In the past couple of months after starting meds and with the help of weekly therapy I've found some light. This work is paying off. I am so thankful that I can sleep through the night. I am managing my eating and it's a battle I am finally winning. I applied for school. I'm on the track to becoming a dietician. It feels GOOD. On top of it all my partner is right by my side and we're better than ever.  I'm smiling. Wow...Thanks for reading you guys. All the best.
----------immediate responses--------

           I don't know you but I am proud of you nonetheless. Amazing turn around! IWNDWYT!
Congrats on 200 Days!  You're doing some great work for yourself (and your partner).  Way to go!
I'm so glad you stuck with it and became proactive about getting help    congratulations on 200 days of Freedom from booze!     going to school sounds incredible!! IWNDWYT 
