-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9haquf/100_days/

It feels amazing to have made it to this milestone. After countless relapses around the 30 day mark I decided I needed to do something different if I wanted to avoid yet another relapse.  The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results." This time around I started going to AA 2-3 times a week got a sponsor got a therapist told all my family/friends I'm an alcoholic read books about sobriety and practice yoga and mediation as often as possible. It feels like I've gone through a lot of changes in these past 100 days but the biggest and most important one has been an extra large serving of some humble pie. I've learned I don't know everything like I thought I did and also that I'm pretty damn fortunate for all the love support health EVERYTHING in my life....I was going to post 100 things I'm grateful for but I'm really addicted to this video game and plan on playing that until it's bed time. Thank you so much to this sub for sharing your stories wisdom tidbits. Here's to many more sober days ahead!
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats for the progress on your journey.  100 is a big deal and is not an easy feat.  I've been eating some humble pie myself lately. .Let's keep going!
Thank you for keeping on trying (after countless relapses) until you got it going for yourself.  That will inspire some others who read your post.
Way to go on 100! IWNDWYT 
  IWNDWYT 
Congratulations! What you described doing differently is what I have in mind for this time around for me and it's encouraging to see that it's helped you. Thank you for posting. 
Congratulations!!!    
Great post i'm glad you found something to help you stay sober. I wouldn't have been able to stay sober if it wasnt for that one simple program. what game are you playing? I quit playing CSGO recently and im waiting on BO4 
Well done! Such a awesome post. THANKYOU FOR SHARING.. IWNDWYT
Congratulations on your triple digits.   Nice milestone. I found that it really does get better and easier.  
Hey Cat...congrats on triple digits!! Good on you for trying something different. Do the WORK that it takes. That is key to my sobriety...doing the work. I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
I struggled around the 30 to 40 day mark several times. Im so happy you had the willingness to change your behavior too. You rock! Keep the streak alive
Congratulations! I am the queen of resets but started counting down 100 days until Christmas on Monday. So far so good one minute at a time.
