-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hatlw/my_sponsor_relapsed/

Hey like the title says my sponsor relapsed this past weekend. I've been sober and working with her for 12 months. We were supposed to do the 12th step yesterday clearly she needed to prioritize her sobriety and asked me to find a new sponsor. .While her relapse shocked me I understand that I need to keep moving and not idle. I've been going to meetings in my new town for a couple of weeks and have been trying to forge new connections but I'm failing to click with anyone..I'm pretty social but I feel like I have a wall up and can't imagine opening up to another woman like that. (Even though I know I have to in order to stay sober)..Can anyone share how they felt in this situation?
----------immediate responses--------

I learned early on that people are susceptible to failure. I don't place my hope in an individual. When I talk to a sponsor I limit it to AA related matters. I don't discuss personal matters or ask for advice outside of how to work the steps. ..There is nothing in the big book about sponsors. They have become an integral tradition within AA but I don't consider them mandatory. I don't have one right now. Maybe I should but the types of things I need to discuss today require doctors and lawyers. Not drunks. ..Maybe you can latch on to a temporary sponsor just so you have a phone number to call for accountability. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
&gt;(Even though I know I have to in order to stay sober) ..That is not remotely true. Is that what she told you? ..Lots of people stay sober without having a sponsor. They don't have any special training or skills. And as you've just experienced they can suddenly relapse or become unavailable. ..I find it helpful to see a therapist.  She is trained and held to ethical and professional standards. Our visits are about me so if she is having personal problems those don't affect her ability to work with me. And I don't "need" her in order to stay sober. Our work together is about me building skills so that I can stop seeing her someday. ..
I can't imagine how hard that is. I am very close to my sponsor  she's helped me learn to build trust in another woman and helps me navigate this insanity that is sobrity. I would be shook to my core if she relapsed. I would worry that if she can relapse then what hope do I have? But I know this disease to be patient and I would be careful not to let thoughts like that take me out. I would have to keep my program tight stay in the middle of the pack and find strength in the rooms. Take good care of yourself! Big hug to you
