-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hb4hl/want_to_quit_for_good/

Hello I have been sober 2 days this time. About a year ago my wife confronted me about my excessive drinking. I couldn't see the problem I was a functional drinker not an alcoholic in my mind. I would start out thinking that 2 or 3 were ok and that turned into  where did the six pack I just bought go?  It started out not drinking in front of the kids then turned into if I pour it in a cup they won't know then it just didn't matter if they saw me drinking or not.  That was about a year ago that I  quit  the first time. I made it for a while without a drink then work and life happened and I broke down on Monday and bought a six pack. I gave 3 to a homeless guy outside the store and downed a couple before I felt bad about doing it and poured the other out.  My wife knew I had done it and the pain I caused her for doing it is killing me.  I don't want her to hurt over the choices I make anymore.  As I said it has been 2 days and I know it will be a struggle each day but I am determined not to let it take over.  Thanks for a place to share and vent. I really needed a place to lay it out. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm on day 1 so you already have me beat!  You got this.  Your mind is more powerful than you think.
Im also on day 2 and I also had some sober time before this. I hope this is the last day 2 you and me ever have to do again but any time sober is an achievement and I'm happy to be here today with you. I relate to a lot of what you said in your post you're not alone at all. I will not drink with you today. 
I'm on day 2 as well! We are never alone. 
Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Hello. You can do this buddy! Its so worth it to push everyday
You can do it! We're here with you 
Thank you for the honesty...Your story reminds me of all the times I was finding a way to drink a little extra without anyone else noticing...Taking a swig while no one was looking...I'm glad those days are behind me now...I have a two year old granddaughter now...she won't know me as a bit drunk :)
Everyone stumbles and no one is perfect.  Don't beat yourself up too much just try to be better each day.  It's not that we fall that defines us but how we can get back up dust off our jeans and continue forward..IWNDWYT
It's admirable you want to quit for your wife - but I do hear that you have to quit for yourself so I hope you have some good personal reasons too! I want to quit for myself one reason being that I want to be a better wife. I'm quitting for me and he's just a beneficiary of my change not the catalyst...Would your wife be interested in Al-Anon (/r/alanon)? It's for people whose loved ones are addicts. You mentioned you don't want your wife to hurt over your choices - maybe it would be good for her and can help her understand her own emotions while going through through this process with you.
Thanks for the encouragement!  I will not drink with any of you today!  
