-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hc2ft/day_18_no_temptations_but_some_fear/

Hi everyone. Today is Day 18 and I haven't had any strong temptations to drink alcohol. I'm confident that I cannot live happily or healthily with alcohol in my life so I'm not really struggling with the desire the drink. However I'm also extremely fearful that I will relapse. I made it 150 days last time I tried to stop drinking and 1 drink basically led me on a 3 month relapse. I think I've now regained control but I don't want to make that mistake again. I know its all about taking it one day at a time but I'm having a hard time dealing with the thought that I might drink again. Can anybody relate?
----------immediate responses--------

It's ok.. all we have to do is say no to that first drink.  I have a good healthy fear of relapsing myself so I'm not going to even try to believe I can get away with having that first drink either.  I like to stay a regular participant here to keep all this fresh in my mind.  IWNDWYT 
Yes I can relate. I've also relapsed before and my first post after my last relapse was named: Scared. Not scared of quitting bur scared that i'm not able to beat my addiction. I understand your fear. Are you having any help at the moment besides this sub? I went back to a therapist and a support group again (Not AA but sort of similar). I've told my closest friend of my fears Im trying to work on changing my habits and working on the problems that cost me to relapse in the first place. My fear of relapse at the moment is helping me to stay sober. I don't want to back to the life of alcohol destruction hopelessness sadness and fear of dying. I guess for me I'm rather scared of a relapse than being scared all day that I'm ruining the life I have left whilst drinking. I hope I make sense? English isn't my first language... 
Worrying is like putting a down payment on something that may or may not happen...One day at a time... :) ..Why did you pick up the 1st drink last time? Maybe it would be helpful to identify what happened so you can feel confident in recognizing it if it comes around again.
hi all I recognise a few names lovely people when I relapsed after 6 years I was terrified. I thought please god not again. I am now almost 3 weeks sober after a year of struggle. But i feel in my heart after joining here I can do it. If I get complacent im straight on here for support. IWNDWYT x   
