-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hc7w8/i_am_so_upset_and_so_frustrated_with_myself/

I've been through the wringer with booze - I had full on hallucinatory withdrawals 3 years ago from daily drinking. I quit but then I'd end up doing it often enough to get drunk but not physically dependent. I would have a couple drinks socially but at home would just go for it. I spent the last six months totally sober but in the last couple weeks I drank a few different times at home and I know it has to stop. ..I had been meaning after having some sobriety under my belt to *possibly* apologize to an ex-girlfriend who had to deal with so much bullshit from me while I was drunk. She'd moved on and gotten married in the last year. She said I was emotionally abusive and at first I didn't think it was totally true because I didn't call her names try to isolate her from her friends tell her she was worthless etc. But I realized she was totally right in that I tried to lay a lot of guilt on her for things when I'd get wasted. I also considered leaving it completely just to not remind her of it all - either way would be fine. I've fully accepted that she moved on and I've often thought we might not have even been totally right for one another but I still feel awful about how I was toward her...It was such a rough road these last months dealing with the knowledge of all the horrible things I'd done wasted including how I was toward her and that feels like the only thing that lead me to go back to drinking. I don't know how to deal with the guilt of wanting to explain "*that wasn't me"* but I know returning to the thing that lead to that guilt is pointless...Because of my short relapse the last two weeks I messaged her incredibly wasted the other night - I did apologize for things but it was in the middle of the night and I was obviously tanked. I also segued into a thing about my childhood and that was beside the point: it wasn't about me at all. It was the exact opposite of what I wanted to do. I'm so upset and I feel *so bad* for her - I'm sure she mostly just was hoping to be left alone or to see me get better (which was what she told me she wanted for me) or maybe even just wishing for a sober apology but instead I did it wasted and after actually legitimately being sober for months. I set myself back 100% and just showed her I hadn't changed. I hate this...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

The important thing is you want to quit drinking. That's a big deal! I tried and tried to do it on my own over and over again. I finally went to a 30 day residential treatment and now I'm living in a sober house with some other guys that are going through the same thing. I'm going to stay here until I feel confident enough to go home and be able to deal with it. I lost my wife and kids because I couldn't stop drinking. So I got help. My advice to you is to do the same. Alcoholism is a disease. It cannot be cured but it can be treated. If you don't get yourself healthy again (physically and mentally) none of the rest of it means a damn thing. You can do this - go for it!d Iwndwyt!
People make mistakes. You're a human being people slip up sometimes. You slipped for a bit now don't let it happen again. Go right back to sober mode and move forward. Your ex probably understands drinking is a battle for you and probably realizes you were drunk again but she is not going to hate on you for it or demean you at least if she has a decent heart. If you want to send her a couple quick lines  hey I'm sorry for the message the other night. Drinking is a problem for me and I slipped the other day. I apologize for anything I've said that caused you pain or anger in the past because of alcohol. I wish you the best . If it would make you feel better to apologize keep it short and sweet then go back to living life for you. Please don't beat yourself up. Use this as your ammo to get back after it get your shit together and stay sober. Just don't drink! Lol. Good luck my dude props for your efforts believe in yourself and you'll get there! :)
AA taught me not only how to stop drinking but also how to make amends. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. ..Alcoholism is not so much how much you drink or even how often you drink. The crux of the matter is what happens when you take the first drink. AA taught me it was not my fault but it was my problem. ..Good luck. IWNDWYT 
Welcome back! Sorry about your mishap :/..Not to be mean but...isn't wanting to apologize to her in the first place something that you want maybe not something she wants? If she's moved on and married now - maybe it's easier to just let sleeping dogs lie let bygones be bygones etc.....I'm just trying to put myself in her shoes (and I kind of was at one point). Broke up with an ex that was emotionally abusive and drunk all the time. That's tough already and a doozy to move on from. Finally get over it and find someone new get married new chapter of life. Then the ex comes out of the woodwork to profess they're sober now and sorry about the past. Uh...ok great thanks for bringing up a sordid part of my past after I got over it what do you want from me anyway...?..I know AA has a piece about apologizing or something but I think for some situations it can turn into reopening old wounds and ultimately gives us satisfaction without considering if the other person even wants to be involved. Especially when it has the possibility of going awry like it did for you.....Anyway. I guess I'm trying to say actions speak louder than words. I would do both her and yourself a favor and focus on moving forward sober rather than trying to atone for the past. We all did stupid stuff while drunk and since we can't change it I personally don't find it useful to dwell...Iwndywt or drunk text exes.
I've said this on here before so if I sound like a broken record I apologize (I also assume nobody reads every post!).  For myself I know I get in patterns with drinking and other addictions.  I don't know where the cycle starts but I know that feeling guilt is one of the things that made me feel like a shitty person- aka someone who can't control their drinking.  Feeling like a shitty person made me feel like I should drink so I would.  Why not?  That's what shitty people do.  None of that is true.  But it didn't matter because I was just using it to reinforce my belief systems about myself.  It's not easy but at some point I decided I wasn't going to feel guilty anymore- I was going to take responsibility for it all instead.  If I'm going to drink I'm going to drink.  Guilt and shame were wasted emotions for me.  I took the "it is what it is" approach- no more letting myself off the hook.  I know it doesn't sound like guilt and shame are "letting myself off the hook" but I realized it actually was.  It took way more courage to own it all.  I don't know enough about your situation with your ex-girlfriend to give you this advice but if there's any way you think she would sit down with you for 5 minutes at a coffee shop to both hear a genuine look-her-in-the-eye talk I'm a big fan of the in-person apology.  I hate emails and texts; even phone calls maintain some kind of weird wall between the people talking.  I wouldn't expect anything from her either.  Especially not forgiveness.  She might not even want to sit down with you.  And if she wants to say anything back be prepared for something you might not want to hear.  That's part of the courage part of the owning up to it.  I don't go to AA but I do know that their "making amends" step is only supposed to be done when it doesn't harm the other person (or something like that).  So if you think it would make things worse for HER I wouldn't even approach it at all.  And if she didn't respond to your message AT ALL I personally would delete all her contact information from my files and never contact her again.  This is all probably way too much "advice" from a stranger that doesn't know you or your situation but I've had to do things like this too albeit in slightly different situations.  I can only go by what I've experienced.  Good luck!  Hope you find peace and I apologize if I made it worse in some way.
