-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hcgzh/tough_cookies_curve_balls/

The many times I have reset my date/jumped back on the wagon some things are the same and some are very different. ..The first few times withdrawls and DT were absolutely awful. Like I literally used the electric cart at the store because I couldn't stand awful.... and that was after a very long week of not getting off the couch/being able to eat you know the story. ..Then relapsed were shorter and fewer no where near that bad......... the thing that was always the same never really had cravings - I had the in-your-face-this-sucks-don't-fucking-do-it-again-ess. ...Sooooo these last 3 relapses weren't full on months long binders from chugging along like I use to. I didn't think I could moderate my intentions weren't to try at all. I new I was a one drink and I will be drunk for atleast 3 months kind of person...Some how though I guess that is what got me... It was a craving I buckled and then another and then a few days of a drink a day etc. It built..... I never drank like that before. I was always a long consecutive streak of wake-up-and-wait-for-the-liquor-store-to-open-to-get-more-supplies years of drinking. So I am not sure how exactly this happened but alas it did...I may have underestimated the cleverness of my alcoholic brain - def need to stay on my toes...Annnnyywayyyyy tonight cravings were soooo intense at work and then hit again when I got home. I don't know how I would've made it through without you guys. Thank you &lt;3...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
----------immediate responses--------

Damn I'm sorry the cravings are getting to you.  I know you're a strong and creative person and I'm glad to see you back here.  I bet you will make it til bedtime without drinking and that's all one has to do right?  I hope you have some good alternatives handy.  ..Today a nice warm bath and an email to a friend in need helped me to get a breath of air after a pretty terrible and tear filled sort of day at work.  I will not drink with you today.
Glad to see you on here again. Good idea with the survival pack. Stay strong fighting those cravings. They are so miserable. We are all rooting for you! IWNDWYT
Do you ever think about addressing the reasons why you relapse? I would like to hear a couple of your biggest ones.
