-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hi6e8/3_weeks_ive_gone_21_days_for_the_first_time_in_27/

Well. Well. Well. I officially have made it 3 weeks with zero alcohol. I have been on this sub multiple times a day up until about 4-5 days ago. This has been an invaluable resource. The stories and support kept me sane the first week. They kept me laughing the second...I avoided certain ways home so I wouldn't go by my old liquor stores. I left work late multiple times because they don't sell booze after midnight in my town. I started playing my sons video games to occupy myself at night. When the cravings got harsh I would eat a king size peanut butter cup to get that sugar my body wanted. These are just some of the tricks I used to distract curb and just tough out those scarier moments... I feel better in general.  I JUST CAN'T SLEEP. I told myself that if I went 3 weeks I would put down the cigarettes next.  Maybe I'll wait one more week to stop smoking. If I can't figure out a way to fall asleep at a reasonable hour I don't want the additional stress of not smoking too. ..Thank you to all of you for the community and the sharing. Especially the relapse stories. I wish you the best. Those stories are horror stories in my head. You kept me straight and sane. ..I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the three weeks!!! I'm there with you :) it feels amazing right? We can do this!!  Iwndwyt 
IWNDWYT. Congratulations!! I listen to true crime pod cast. I can sleep with the tv on but my husband cannot. The pod cast keep me in bed with my eyes closed even if I'm not asleep. I listen to the same ones over and over so I can fall asleep. Also sleep hypnosis with rain sounds. Or Audio books. 
That is AMAZING!  I'm at day 4....... as pathetic as it sounds the last time I was more than 3 days in was years ago.  :)
Congrats on your 3 weeks!  Great tricks there too.  Keep at it!  Great to hear you're feeling better...In terms of the ciggies don't forget to be kind to yourself. I'm on the vape these days and it definitely helps keep me off the ciggies but I will admit there was still an adjustment period there.  But that's just me :)..I won't drink with you today either!..&amp;#x200B;
Congrats on 3 weeks. I just finally hit 24 hours and can't wait to hit that point!! 
Great work! Keep it up!
Congrats on three weeks. I'm right there with you. Today is my 23rd day dry. Like you I don't think I've ever been dry this long since I started drinking (18 years ago). I smoke as well - like a chimney when I'm drinking. I thought cutting out drinking would make me smoke less but if anything I'm smoking more. I'd find it hard to not be normal for someone whose cutting out drinking suddenly after having such a long habit of it. I feel as though I'm trying to replace something to take that edge off I thought booze did. Personally I'm not stressing it for the first month or so until my body realizes this (not drowning my blood in alcohol) is the new normal. ..&amp;#x200B;..Sleep: ya my first week was terrible. It was one night of insomnia followed by a night of OK sleep followed by insomnia again for about 5 days. I think exercising helps. It definitely helps with my mind and getting my endorphins going. ..&amp;#x200B;..Anyway best of luck to you. I wouldn't beat yourself up about the cigarettes just yet. We're putting our body through a shock and awe campaign by just eliminating the booze. For me I know quitting smoking at the same time would be a bit too drastic. ..&amp;#x200B;..See you around. 
