-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hmo3h/i_really_want_to_relapse_aaaaaa/

I was at a hybrid caf /bar this evening. I drank a coffee. A few of the people I was with had a couple alcoholic drinks and I was lowkey envious...I was eyeing the alcohol bottles at the bar and internally debating if I should have a drink or two. I ended up just sticking with the coffee but damn being in a bar-type setting and seeing other people at my table drink sure made me want a drink or two myself...Hours later the urge to relapse is still there. I'm thinking about going to a bar or getting some alc from my local liquor store tomorrow night. Probs won't but the urge isn't going away...I'll make a list of reasons not to give in:..* I'll have to reset my badge on this sub if I drink.* Hangovers suck. I get bad anxiety during them even if I didn't do anything I regret the previous night.* Drinking will make me less pretty in the long-term. I don't want rosacea or dehydrated/bloated skin. I prefer the youthful glow of sobriety. I'll age better in general and have better health too..* Alcohol costs money I'd rather spend on food.* This is life testing me. Am I strong enough to resist the urge to relapse?.* In a week I'll have the pride of staying sober for a month. Won't have it if I relapse...I'm also not the type of person who can have a few drinks and cut myself off there. I can have one or two and metabolise them quickly enough to be able to resist having more but I've had enough for a sustainable buzz then I'm either drinking to blackout or until I run out of booze...Any other reasons not to drink this weekend?
----------immediate responses--------

How about just not drinking because it sucks
Great reflections you've done there. Even as a young female I never listed my looks as a reason not to drink. .But playing the tape forward to the day after and those crazy anxiety hangovers and severe depressed state of mind my god last time I had them I seriously thought of suicide. That for me is the number one reason not to drink: I've seen more than enough people who have died from alcohol abuse. Even people who have been sober for a long time then back at drinking heavily for one night and BAM heart attack (happened to a family friend this week) people who've died from the  side affects  such as cancer blood clots or who are dealing with a poor life quality from chronic pancreatitis. .So always more reasons not to relapse. Fuck the badge in here though I learned from others in here that that number is literally just a number. Sure great if you can show the rest of the world that you have a trillion days of sobriety but for me in the beginning (first 6 months of sobriety) I know there will be bumps on the road and I don't need to at more self-hatred of resetting the badge again and again even if it was just 1-2 drinks. You might want to consider it as you seem to be early in sobriety as well :) ..Good luck! I will not drink with you tonight. 
"Kindling" making each time quitting physically harder than before.  Never heard of that before this sub- but it scares the everloving daylights out of me. Diabolical. ..Can search for the term on this sub- to learn more about it. Scary crap to me even compared to all the other scary crap involved with all this. 
For me around 30 days I had a similar urge to drink. For me it took about 5-6 weeks for the desire to drink to leave. Now I don't have any desire to drink even though there are thoughts of drinking every now and then. .So I would say there is one reason not to drink this weekend: I realized after being away from drinking for those 5-6 weeks how addicted in reality I really was. So my encouragement to you is just stay sober and do something else that is truly fun not chemical fun. Your brain is restoring itself now it takes time for things to settle. You won't regret not drinking.
It sounds like you are young. A really good reason not to drink is to quit while you are still young. Don't wake up one day when you are 50 and say  WTF did I do with my life  like I did. Give life a chance. 
Think your list is pretty good already. IWNDWY Tomorrow  
Alcohol is a solvent. It dissolves things. Lives. Dreams. Careers. ..IWNDWYT 
"Any other reasons not to drink this weekend?"..You know you are courageous enough to handle all the feelings that come up without alcohol to suppress them!!
One month is a great milestone. Your brain has begun to repair itself. Any relapse would reset everything back to Day 1. Unfortunately our brains are very good at remembering addiction.    .    .For what you wrote it sounds like even being near a bar was very triggering. I know you were there for coffee but I would highly recommend sticking to the "Dry people dry places" rule. That's what I had to do for the first few months. I didn't step foot in any place that had a bar or hard liquor. That trigger can be quite powerful and will bring a lot of thoughts into your head that you don't need right now.
Having just come out of a two week relapse this will be my restart 1st weekend not drinking. I'm running a 10k Sunday w a friend and I'd prefer to finish sooo I'll submit that as my reason. ..Cheers! 
