-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hn74m/i_havent_drank_with_you_in_367_days/

Man. It's been a year.....Big thank you to SMART RECOVERY and this subreddit!..Got sober started over and I finally hit that year mark. ..It didn't come with fanfare and there was no celebration. Facebook reminded both me and my SO of the worst and shittiest days of our life.....It hasn't even felt like I've been sober that long and it's mostly due to the drunk dreams I've had....I've woken up probably more than 2 dozen times after having a relapse dream and felt that horrible guilt. The shame and remorse...I've felt it every month and every month something happens that reminds us both of how bad I got. ..But I did NOT drink for the last 367 days and I don't plan on it today!..So what have I learned so far? ...Iced coffees and snacks are the perfect distraction..Ice cream is a must have. Peanuts jerky whatever you like go for it. I haven't even gained weight...I'm also gonna try NOT to count the days anymore. ..Theres a program that loves to count years and collect medallions. It's a futile effort and really frustrating to me. ..I don't do meetings. I can't stand to sit in a room with people while we all talk about drinking or alcohol for a whole hour. Why would anyone want that? It's pure torture to me. I went to one meeting early on and I never wanted a drink so badly after that. ..Keep your medallions and your big books.....Smart Recovery helped me save myself and you all kept me company when I needed it. ..Thank you. ...........
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome! Glad you found something that works for you and you've stuck at it! Meetings and tokens work for a lot of people but it's good to be reminded that different people have different methods for staying sober successfully! Keep up the good work :-)
Great job! Inspiration for newbie like me ..
Congrats on 1 years sober! Well done!!!
Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats!!!!
