-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hrb5c/its_getting_easier/

I'm 59 days sober just a few days shy of 2 months.  I went to a pop up shop last night and a few of the booths were offering free wine and beer.  I happily turned them all down. It got me thinking about how many things in my life became easier because I quit drinking. I decided to compile a list to share with you all in hopes that some of you have something to look forward to...1. It's easier to say no.  I had a hard time with that word before.  I actually quite like it now.  I don't want to nor have to do everything people ask of me.  Especially drinks.  I say no to drinks without skipping a beat..2. It's easier to enjoy food.  I never realized before how dampened my sense of taste and smell were.  Things just taste better..3. It's easier to poop.  Okay it's gross but OMG I am so thankful to not have the runs everyday anymore..4. It's easier to get up in the morning..5. It's easier to go to sleep at night..6. It's easier to move.  I used to be sore constantly.  I can exercise now!  I'd even say exercise is *enjoyable*.  How crazy is that?.7. It's easier to be intimate with my husband.  Getting sober has completely rekindled the romance..8. It's easier to have fun!  Before I always felt like I was constantly waiting to go home.  I actually enjoy activities again..9. It's easier to breathe.  Both physically and emotionally.  No more stuffy head no more panic attacks..10. It's easier to laugh.  My sense of humor has returned!  All of those little annoying things that used to make me angry I now *laugh* at..11. It's easier to do nothing.  I used to get bored so quickly.  And being bored sucks.  Now it's actually kind of nice to just clear my mind..12. It's easier to take care of myself.  I actually brush my teeth every day now..13. It's easier to do my job.  I'm not constantly in a fog.  It's greatly improved my productivity..14. It's easier to keep in touch with my friends and family.  Who would have known trying to hide my drinking problem  would make it so that I rarely talked to anyone?.15. It's easier to love.  I have become a much more accepting and less judgemental person..16. It's easier to look at myself in the mirror.  I have lost a lot of weight.  My skin looks better.  My eyes aren't sunk in.  Honestly I'm starting to kind of like myself as a person too..17. It's easier to not sweat the small stuff.  Seriously.  None of it matters..18. It's easier to be patient.  I don't feel like everything has to be rushed anymore.  I have more time now both in my day and in my life..19. It's easier to make plans.  I don't ever end up getting too drunk to go.  I don't have to pay an Uber..20. It's easier to pay the bills.  I have not spent $1254 on drinks.  I paid my electricity bill 15 days early this month..21. It's easier to live.  There.  I said it.  Living was a struggle before.  It's so very easy now.  QUITTING DRINKING GAVE ME MY LIFE BACK...I used to think that quitting drinking was hard.  I don't anymore.  Now I think it was hard to keep drinking.  Just look at all of the things that are easier now and tell me I'm not right.  What got easier for you?  Let's give the newbies something to look forward to.
----------immediate responses--------

The best post I've read so far! I'm going to make it just like you are. What a wonderful hopeful positive post. I love you !
Great stuff!  Made my day to read this and nod along to many of the points.   IWNDWYT :D
This is an awesome list -- great one to reflect back on when things feel hard. Keep up the great work! IWNDWYT
It's easier to poop... Ahahahaha! That's so true! Thanks for the great post and the giggle. I really needed it today. 
This is the best!! I have tears.  Thank you for this.    
Great list. Thank you for sharing!
Really glad on clicked in this! Happy for you.
Thanks for this share this is really on point for me! I hadn't really thought about it but I've gotten better at saying "no" in lots of non-alcohol situations as well something about having my own autonomy back. Congrats on your almost 60 days!
