-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hwetd/i_need_to_stop_drinking/

I have known for years now that I have a problem with alcohol. Just seeing the words as I type them on the screen chills me but yes I do: I have a problem with booze. Both of my parents are alcoholics. I am reluctant to use labels because I know there are all kinds of grey areas but I would describe both my mother and my father as "highly functional" alcoholics. They never missed work because of booze have always been responsible don't get stupid drink or anything like that. But they always loved to drink and did it a lot. I never really noticed it until I was in my twenties. As a child I just sort of assumed that fathers liked beers and then one day it dawned on me that I almost never saw my dad without a beer. I feel like my mom didn't always drink that much but as she's gotten older it's really become an entrenched habit lots of wine on a far too frequent basis. Now my dad has cirrhosis and I'm watching his health deteriorate. It's an awful disease. I have had a lot of sleepless nights worrying about him and it breaks my heart to see him trying to manage the symptoms. You'd think that alone would be enough to turn me completely off drinking. But I still do it and I struggle with it constantly. I really try hard not to over-do it. I buy wine sometimes will drink wine when I'm out for dinner but I always want more and on the nights when I have none I always think about it. I worry now about my mom too. I feel like I can tell by looking at her that she's had a lot to drink that week (I usually only see them on weekends) and it kills me to think she might be damaging her liver badly too. So it's a bad situation all around. I came across this subreddit a while ago and I do find it to be a source of comfort. Sorry for the meandering post...helps just to share it.
----------immediate responses--------

You definitely came to the right place.  I wish you the best and very sorry to hear what your parents are going through.  IWNDWYT
Telling meandering stories is one of the many things alcoholics do best! I'm sort of on the opposite end of the spectrum however coming from a family of four boys and I'm the only alcoholic... Granted I had a very different childhood than all of them but still. Taking care of yourself is the most crucial first step to being of any help to your parents or anyone else for that matter sometimes that can be hard to keep in mind. We don't mind the ranting so rant away.
I had a similar experience as a kid.  Dad always had a beer.  I didnt know that some dads didnt...I drank a lot as a teenager and beyond.  It was what my family did...Im seeing now that things can be ok even better without beer...Keep at it...IWNDWYT 
