-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9hz8rh/going_sober_without_hitting_rock_bottom/

Hi everyone long time lurker first time poster...So I've recently decided to quit drinking and I'm currently 12 days sober (woo!).  One problem I am finding however is that I have never really hit a rock bottom with my drinking...By contrast I smoked weed all day every day from when I was 14 until I was 21 and developed serious mental health issues as a result including full blown cannabis-induced-psychosis. I now do not even slightly struggle to abstain from weed because I know that one toke would literally ruin my life - I have absolutely no desire to smoke weed...With alcohol however it's never negatively affected me to that extent. That's not to say it hasn't negatively affected me - I definitely want to quit for lots of reasons including feeling very guilty and shameful the morning after struggling with self-esteem anxiety etc but I don't have that same  one drink will ruin my life  mentality. ..So I guess what I'm saying is the voice in my head that says  one drink won't kill you  is kind of correct even though I know that my life is much better when I don't drink...I'd really appreciate any advice any could give me!..Sorry for the long post much love to you all!
----------immediate responses--------

There are so many levels of rock bottom we can potentially hit.  Do we really need or want to find out how bad things can get?  It is one drink that has the potential to  kill' me because the first one leads to all the other ones and to all the situations and to all the mental crises and crises of conscience.  Oh yeah and things like pancreatitis and liver failure and more.  That's how I see  one drink'.  It's one thing in itself but it represents the chaos and disaster of all the drinks combined.  And because I am not the kind of person to have a drink here and there throughout the year I am the kind of person who sooner or later is going to go whole hog and find myself searching for relief in sobriety again.  Being sober skips all the grief.  So we can live our lives instead that whole time.  IWNDWYT 
There is no rock bottom but death. It can always get worse. Alcoholism is a progressive illness. You can get off the train here or keep riding but every station is worse than the last. You don't need to ruin your life to stop drinking. I didn't have a stereotypical bottom. I was just tired of the never ending cycle of despair.
You're rock bottom is just when you stop digging.  You've struggled with substance abuse before. If you are here then you question you're drinking.  Take care of yourself. 
Imagine alcoholism as an elevator that only goes down. For some people the elevator takes decades to reach the bottom. For others the cable snaps and they plummet down the shaft. It took me 20 years until I realized it was time to get off. The ride is different for everyone. How far down are you willing to go?
One drink probably won't kill you it is the second third fourth fifth..get my drift?  Moderation is just another word for slippery slope.   You gotta watch out for that lizard brain and what it says to you.  One drink one toke it is all a slippery slope. .IWNDWYT 
I didn't hit rock bottom either but I see where it's going so I decided to stop drinking. Perhaps another drink (let's be honest - another night of drinking) wouldn't ruin my life but it will dial down my enjoyment of it a bit. I'll end up in a vicious circle - the more I drink the worse I feel the more I want to drink. There's absolutely no reason for me to continue until I lose everything or half of everything or even one more night. ..Hitting rock bottom won't make quitting easier - it's a fallacy. There's plenty of people here with serious health problems several DUIs broken marriages alienated children and other examples of what I consider rock bottom. They still struggle to quit. They probably wish they stopped when I did...I got off that crazy carousel and now the more healthy behaviours I stick to the better I feel the more motivated I am to continue on the path to recovery. It simply feels better down going down the spiral of addiction.
I can relate...&amp;#x200B;..There were some alcohol abuse checkboxes I never ticked off -- never missed work no DUIs never suffered withdrawal etc...&amp;#x200B;..Two things woke me up:..&amp;#x200B;..1. My drinking was accelerating.  My daily consumption over the years shows a distinctly non-linear increase..2. I couldn't limit myself to one or two drinks even though I swore I would...I'm on day 13 today and it's unbelievable how much better I feel physically.  But what really thrills me is how much better my brain is working.  It's like I've gotten back 25 IQ points that drinking took away.  25 IQ points I couldn't afford to lose.
A couple of disjointed thoughts to throw out......1. If one is drawn to a sub- like this something about alcohol is weighing on their mind/soul/heart/conscience about the relationship with alcohol. I very very much wish I had paid attention to what parts of my being were trying to tell my mind earlier and acted...2. If one thinks about it the way a lot of people frame thinking about alcohol is perverse and illustrates how sneaky and powerful alcohol can be. In what other area of decisionmaking is it common for folks to say "This choice isn't optimal but until I feel I am going to die/go to jail/lose my wife kids and house/etc. it is okay and I can keep doing it"?  It's insane. ..3. In my personal experience (and from what I've read here) the path to really-unpleasant-stuff/"rock bottom" is NOT linear AT ALL and is NOT predictable or within one's control. For a lot of folks the its-a-problem-but-not-a-huge-problem phase is like the beginning of a roller coaster ride.... One is strapped in for the ride moving very very slowly (but ever upward) expecting to have fun. At some point though the car gets to the top and now you're hurtling straight down at a very fast clip without any control...4. If the behavior of choice was literally banging one's face into the wall I couldn't argue that doing it one more day wouldn't literally kill you. Still would recommend just not doing it.
And congrats on 12 days! Great job.
You haven't hit bottom... yet. 
I think  bottom  is a stupid concept. It can only be known in hindsight and the apparent definition is whatever was going on with someone when they quit drinking. If a person isn't paralyzed from the neck down while doing life in prison for running over their loved ones or something then he or she can always say they haven't hit bottom. If your life would be better if you didn't drink then that is all the reason that you need to stop.
A hole is a hole it doesn't matter how deep it is.  What matters is when you are ready to stop digging. ..Enjoy today.
I can't say I exactly hit rock bottom. I mean I still had a job a home friends and family but it was all teetering on the edge. I had been confronted by husband and parents got a DUI and made plenty of poor choices due to alcohol. I am 49 and when I look back on my life I see the bad role alcohol played for so long. I see many places where I might have done something differently had I not been staying in the hazy comfort of booze. I can never know for sure that life would have been better and I don't want to dwell on regrets. However I know my life didn't benefit from alcohol. If I could go back in time I would try it sober. Best wishes for you. I will not drink with you today :)
It's really easy to tell yourself (and for people around you to tell you) that your drinking career shouldn't be over. For me I've gotten fired or disciplined at multiple jobs including multiple fuck-ups at my most recent job which still culminated in my boss telling me I just needed time to figure it out. This is a person I fucked over multiple times because of my drinking! And their first instinct with my latest fuck-up was to brush it under the rug and get me back to working. ..I made the decision to call it quits because yes I could probably maintain a mediocre quality of life and job performance for a looong time without liver failure losing my home or any of the other things people consider rock-bottom. But for me personally I know the vast majority of the always-lurking problems in my life could be virtually eliminated if I just got this one monkey off my back. I'm pretty good at what I do DESPITE my drinking certainly not because of it. And occasionally it crept up and kept me from doing my job or holding up my end of my relationship entirely. Hell sometimes it kept me from getting out of bed. ..It's up to you to decide whether you want alcohol out of your life completely but for me heading down this journey now young and without hitting rock bottom has actually made it easier. If I had no job prospects no money no girlfriend my attitude about not drinking would more than likely be  What's the point?  But having the fog lifted while I still have things going for me has really helped keep me motivated. My life drunk was definitely -not terrible- so let's see how great I can make it sober? Not everyone has that opportunity so I feel I definitely need to take advantage of it. 
