-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ie4eq/struggling_so_hard_right_now/

I know a bottle of wine (okay bottle and a half) will only make me feel worse night sweats upset tummy upset GI system tomorrow more depressed tomorrow but damn I want it. I feel overwhelmed tonight and it hurts and I don't wanna hurt and if it takes night sweats and upset stomach to make the hurt go away then that's not so bad. It's gonna suck either way; what does it matter which way. At least the wine gives me a couple hours of relief. ..I know that's not how it is not really. I know I'll feel better if I don't go out and buy the wine. I know I'll feel prouder of myself and I'll probably be able to sleep better. I just hate how I feel right now and I'm angry and tired and I don't wanna have to deal with the grief I have around my dads death (1 year on Tuesday) or the triggered feelings I have around all the  me too  and  why I didn't report  news articles and social media posts. ..I'm posting here instead of driving to the store. I want to wake up tomorrow and be able to report that I didn't do it: I didn't get drunk. ..   
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you for coming here! Congrats on 10 days!! Early sobriety is difficult. I'm sorry about your dad. Grief is tough. Grieving for your dad without running away from it with alcohol is the best thing you can do for yourself. It is genuine and a real part of being human. It will all get easier. Hang in there.
Sounds like you are going through a lot. You did the right thing posting here. When I'm in the midst of emotion I try to take a shower or read something listen to a podcast or audiobook or go to bed. It helps to try and occupy your mind for a bit...I'm routing for you and IWNDWYT!
Good for you for posting here instead of going to the store.    Yes it's horribly hard.   Same for me.  I'm back at day 1 today...We can do it..
I too WNDWYT
Grief is the worst and the news stories that are coming out surrounding #metoo etc are frustrating and hard. I'm sorry you're dealing with that. When I'm feeling overwhelmed I find it helps sometimes to take a hot shower paint my nails do a crossword puzzle or something similar. Failing that a truly gigantic bag of M&amp;Ms does the trick for me sometimes. I'm rooting for ya! 
Stay strong! So good you are playing the tape forward and posting here! The craiving will pass and you will feel fresh and proud tomorrow morning. IWNDWYT
In my very early sobriety I avoided news. Basically stuck my head way into the sand for a few months. I know that living life uninformed about current events is not a good way to be a citizen but not thinking about ugly things in those trying days helped me. Also stopped Facebook and still seldom use it and have found that to be really good for my mental health. Stay strong. I will not drink with you today.
How did your night go? Are you happy and proud today?
I DID IT!! I did not drink last night. I am happy and proud to report that I stayed sober and I am awake this morning unhungover and at 11 days sober. ..Thank you all. Thank you. ((Hugs))
