-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9if5uj/why_is_it_so_hard_to_come_to_terms_with_the/

Hey all..Just found this subreddit and was hoping to get some advice. I understand that having a hard time admitting that I might have a problem with alcohol is a fairly obvious sign that it's likely true. I've consistently gotten hammered every weekend for months now and end up drinking way more than I should. Just a couple weeks ago I drank an entire 750ml bottle of rum AND then a couple of beers afterwards. The week after that I drank 1.5L of wine with a high alcohol percentage and then had an emotional breakdown. Just the other night I drank so much beer I vomited. ..Every weekend I drink way too much and if I have the money I drink throughout the week. Not as often or as much but sometimes the craving is just too intense. I literally buy the beer/wine/liquor that's the most affordable while having the highest percentage of alcohol. ..So why am I confused about whether or not I have a drinking problem? I guess I just assume that if I'm not getting plastered every night then I don't have a problem. My dad was a hardcore alcoholic that ended up having to get a liver transplant a few years back. He drank every night. I noticed that my frequency of drinking throughout the week only increases when I'm going through difficult times. I lost my job almost 2 months ago because of a mistake I made at work and have noticed an increase in my drinking. ..The thing is when I'm working regularly I don't drink often. Though when I do drink I go hard. I'd go all week without drinking or by just having a beer with dinner one night to drinking so much on the weekend with my friend that we either puke or get blackout drunk. ..I've been looking into going to A.A. meetings but not only do I not want to admit to having a problem I'm scared of admitting it and it not being true. I'm scared that in some way I might be minimizing the struggles others go through and that I'm just being dramatic. How do we admit to ourselves that we actually have a problem? 
----------immediate responses--------

Oh.  Yeah this one.  I recognize this dilemma!  I sat myself down and told myself  Fish you're an alcoholic.  Do something about it.   I think the reason I didn't like to say that is because I didn't want to stop drinking.  I didn't want the problems drinking created but I wanted to continue drinking.  I had already attempted to moderate control and fix my drinking over a few years' period and it really wasn't working out.  When I told myself I am an alcoholic it made it simpler to stop.  Not easier- simpler.  It was the obvious answer to my problem no prevaricating.   That's my story about coming to terms.  
Tricky one there. As SpottedFish said it was because I wanted to keep drinking. I actually admitted to myself that I could no longer control my drinking about five months before I finally took my last drink. Admitting I was an alcoholic and had a problem - now that was a different ball game. Why is it so hard for people to admit they have a problem? I can think of several reasons:..1. Nobody likes to admit they are powerless over something. It is a blow to the pride and ego that we are no longer in the driver's seat. We fear it makes us weak and feeble that we let ourselves get addicted. Which is insane because alcohol is a DRUG..2. Alcohol brings a lot of happy memories and is a huge part of socialising. We wear rose glasses and remember that night we danced laughed kissed beautiful people then went to bed all safe and sound but with that happy glow that comes from being tipsy and happy. We conveniently forget the nights where we lost our bank cards smashed our phone screens argued with our partner/best friend/stranger over something stupid then threw up out the taxi window. .3. There is always someone we know who is 'worse' than us which makes it so easy to kid ourselves. Sure I got a severe bollocking because I was pissed at work and didn't do my job properly but it's not like I got *fired* like so-and-so did! Yeah I drink at least two bottles of wine a night but so-and-so drinks THREE! I still work I haven't lost my home/partner/kids I still go to the gym. So I am definitely not an alcoholic!.4. There is also the fear of confronting all the issues we numbed with booze. We aren't stupid we know we drink to mask issues we have we are just afraid to confront them..5. Alcohol has been a crutch for so long it is hard to imagine that is has turned on us and actually ruined our lives rather than enhancing it. I see alcohol as a toxic romantic boyfriend. He makes me feel like shit most of the time but there are moments where he is sooooo loving and we have so much fun together. I can't imagine life without him but I know deep down he isn't good for me and he will never change. I just want that honeymoon period back...Those were all big things for me and several people in AA have agreed with those. Admitting I was an alcoholic was the hardest thing I have ever done. I hated myself at that moment and felt utter shame and embarrassment that I was an alcoholic in my 20s. But it is a DRUG and a drug that can be purchased only a few feet away from the bread milk and toilet rolls. Admitting you need help is the bravest thing anyone can do and every single person here is a fucking warrior in my book...IWNDWYT :)
For me I decided that I needed to cut out the deliberation of if I needed to stop drinking forever or if I could drink a certain amount after a certain period of time and all that.  I could run circles with this debate and it wasn't helping.  I decided that the thing I needed to focus on was enjoying myself without drinking reducing my desire to drink taking a long break from alcohol but not just waiting for the days to elapse until I could drink again but learning to like a life without alcohol to want to *not drink*.  ..So putting aside all the debate about the level of my problem I decided to at least do one dry month while trying to really enjoy myself without alcohol.  But I knew I wanted a longer dry period because I felt like it might take some real time to rewire my brain that way.  I journaled and I read a lot about addiction and recovery; blogs memoirs articles books etc.  I eventually found this site and was scared of it at first but came to love it.  ..I actually did manage to get to the point where I genuinely don't want to drink which seems weird because I *always* wanted to drink.  I didn't drink all the time.  I was pretty good at playing the "moderation game" actually when I wanted.  It's just those 2% of the times when it didn't work became really emotionally painful for me and my perception of myself. ..So just focusing on short term goals of not drinking was helpful.  Reading was helpful (especially *This Naked Mind*).  And this site has been so essential to me.  I am pretty sure I would have talked myself back to the bottle at some point if I didn't have a regular reminder of what's  waiting there. 
I didn't want to admit to having a problem because alcohol was way more important to me then it had any right to be. The thought of not having it terrified me. I knew there was more to life but I didn't have any idea what that looked like?
This isn't exactly what you're asking but I decided one day to stop debating whether I had "a drinking problem" ... I just got to the point where I knew for sure drinking was a problem for me. Sounds like you know it's a problem for you too. ..I was stuck for a long time on the idea that you should only stop if you are "an alcoholic" or "have a drinking problem". Who cares if you are or not? Would you be happier if drinking wasn't in your life today? Sounds like the answer is yes. 
