-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ig621/drinkers_like_me/

Hi all!  I watched a documentary on Youtube last night that I thought a lot of people might be able to relate to.  It's called "Drinkers Like Me" by Adrian Chiles.  It's about his struggle to come to terms with his own drinking.  It's not about someone who has hit rock bottom but it's about someone who doesn't really think they have a problem until they genuinely start investigating the situation.  Anyway perhaps not everyone can relate to it but I think a lot of us can!  Has anyone else seen this?  If not it might be worth checking out.  Happy Monday!
----------immediate responses--------

It was very thought provoking wasn't it probably what sent me in my sober road.
Thank you I will check that out. I like him he's always come across as a genuine person
That's interesting because I had a completely different reaction. The depths of Adrian Chiles' denial really perplexed me. I also want to put Frank Skinner in Room 101 for encouraging a person with liver fibrosis to have a drink even though he was clever enough to get himself on the wagon in the 80s.
I saw it and could truly relate to it particular from a cultural perspective. In Denmark a tiny European country with approx 55 mio inhabitants - get this: 900.000 have issues with alcohol ranging from drinking more than the public health institute recommendations (MAXIMUM 7 units pr week for women and 14 pr week for men and no that is not meant to be understood as  saving  your units and binge drink every Friday night) to being severely alcoholic. I don't know a single Dane who does not have a relative (dad mom uncle) or someone close who ultimately died from alcohol abuse. Our culture completely accept that alcohol is such an ingrained part of ANY social activity like in the mentioned documentary. Moreover it is extreme taboo to come forward and say you don't drink and/or suffer from alcohol dependency. I know people who have gotten fired not for showing up drunk at work but because the rumors of them being (this is the common understanding)  out of control poor ability to judge to be responsible not to ruin their life unintelligent and so on . .So I think that Adrian was very BRAVE to show viewers his relationship with a alcohol in a total honest way not hiding not underexaggerating how much he would drink and so on. .I feel like showing that documentary to so many Danish people although 0.01% will admit the way we drink is insane. 
