-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9igvf4/messed_up/

I messed up. Saturday I gave into that voice that just wanted a glass of wine. Spent all day Sunday drinking. Feeling horrible this morning. Badge reset pending.  ..I am stopping this relapse right now. I will not drink with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

Don't beat yourself up! You are here and we have your back. I will not drink with you today   
Same situation. Had pretty much the same number of days as you too. ..Glad you are back. ..IWNDWYT 
Oh poo!..Hopefully you can learn something from it so that next time around you can choose a different course of action if similar circumstances crop up again.....Onwards and upwards eh Wolfy!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
We are not perfect.  Most of us stumble along our way I know I have.   Your body and mind appreciate the 75 sober days and they look forward to many more.  :)..Glad you put the brakes on early and I will not drink with you today.
Again similar. Lost 13lbs going to the gym and meditating...
I'm using an app called insight timer. It's free and there's a lot of really good stuff on there..
Oh Wolfy. I'm so sorry but proud of you for stopping it in it's tracks. Remember to be kind to yourself. Xo
Welcome back. Some people don't make it back that quick. Some don't make it back at all. ..IWNDWYT 
75 days was a good stretch. In my mind that means you can get there again and learn the lesson that nothing was gained from stopping your streak.
Good on you for jumping right back in!  Be easy on yourself..you know from past experience how strong you are!!  IWNDWYT!!.
We've all been there.....hang in there!  
Glad you came right back. That's how success happens- fall down get back up. Repeat as necessary. We are all rooting for you. Hugs. Iwndwyt
It took me a few failed attempts to figure out how to stay sober. It's a learning process and every learning process involves a bit of constructive failure. Way to stop it early. My relapses led to sometimes an entire year of drinking before coming to my senses. You got this.
The Saturday glass of wine sounds so innocuous right?  Harmless.  That it's followed by drinking all day on Sunday is frightening. .Yet for alcoholics like me it was a set of events that kept repeating itself over and over.  I finally after 38 years learned to avoid that first drink. Turns out for me at least it was not so harmless after all.  .Don't beat yourself up.  1000's of us have been there before yet eventually discovered a life without alcohol that is happy joyous and free. .I Will Not Drink With You Today. 
This sub and *Alcohol Explained* by William Porter was the key for me to realize I can no longer ever have just a drink.  ..You got this... IWNDWYT
You gave me support a while back and some good advice when I was close to drinking one Friday night.   I want to repay you "Adulting is hard." is what you told me how true that is!   You also said that you support me and that we should not drink together.   I support you  and I will not drink with you!  I got your back!.IWNDWYT 
If it were easy no one would ever be drinking...The important thing is that you see your issues and are commited to changing!..IWNDWYT!
Ok remember this feeling.  You can use it for strength the next time around.  For people like us there is no "just one".  It's either all or nothing for people like us.  Make the decision hard and fast rule: not a sip not a taste.  People ordering drinks and saying "oh it tastes good here have a sip."  You will always say no.  No matter how much they want you to no matter that you think they will get their feelings hurt or think you're not cool.  Those thoughts don't cross their minds but we put them in our minds to justify "just one".  It's "just none".  You can do this!
I made it 3 months and then went on a week long bender and almost died! I have made it more than a month since then so dont give up and stay positive!!
Today is a brand spanking new day.  Let's go get ours wolfy!  IWNDWYT 
I understand what you mean. Same thing happened to me yesterday I had a bourbon (and then another shot) after telling myself I was going on a 30-day sabbatical. I had made it one week. ..Hang in there. \*hugs\*
I slipped up 2 weeks ago. Got the hurricane-itis and it just felt like a smart move. I didnt spend a second questioning my decision. My brain is super clever. I gotta be smarter than it.
You're strong to have recognized it so early! Most of my relapses lead me to drinking for weeks and lying to myself that "it's different this time"...Nobody is perfect. Few people get and stay sober on their first try. We all make mistakes and fail from time to time. It's what you do afterwards that matters.
Me neither.  I tried to be for way too long. 
I have messed up over and over.  It's ok.  Today is a new day to not drink.  I'm with you.  I drank until I threw up yesterday and then blacked out.  I will not drink with you today too.
I will NOT drink with you today.  We've got this.  &lt;3
Hey brother I spent 3 years doing exactly this. It's a horrible prison.... I've found a solution now (for me it's AA and a conception of a higher power). I hope you can find yours!!
Happy to hear it.  That's it buddy set it down walk away.  Just think about it as drinking weakness.  You are too strong for that.  Eventually the thought will be fewer and further between.  You deserve the best life but only you can give it to yourself.
Thank you for sharing this I have that   voice in my head at times. It can be quite seductive  almost innocent soundingdefinitely deceptive. Reading posts like this helps me to tell her (the voice...is female. Kinda sounds like Jessica Lange on american horror story LOL) where to go and what to do when she gets there! .IWNDWYT! 
Hi Wolfy! Damn! That evil seductress bitch!! She keeps trying with me too - just a glass of wine she says! Good for you for flexing those muscles you have recently grown and kicking her to the curb so quickly! IWNDWYT! 
