-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iijv4/to_whoever_it_was_who_i_saw_recommend_this_naked/

Your comment on someone's post 6 days ago I can't even remember which one it was (just lurking) is the one and only reason I've been able to stay sober.  Everyone who has something that's worked for them- comment! Share with those who are struggling no matter how small it is! You could be the reason someone gets their life back!
----------immediate responses--------

Man I bought the audio version of this book and I've just been playing it on repeat over and over to try to drill it into my brain. Such a great analysis of why I'm having such a hard tine staying sober
I was recommended TNM when I first joined here and I devoured it my first week of sobriety and I am coming up on nine months sober.  The combo of TNM this subreddit the IRC chat Quitting with Andrew Johnson app at night the first month running cycling focusing on healthy eating......these were/are the things that keep me sober.  ..
Can I add the Rachel hart take a break from alcohol podcast to this list of essentials
great post thanks.
There's something about that book and Allen Carr's smoking book that don't work for me.  I tried hypnosis once and it seemed so contrived and "fake" to me and I can't get past it.  The whole time I'm reading them I'm just saying "yeah okay I know" and the message doesn't seem to hit home the way I wish it would.  ..I feel like I'm on the outside looking in when those books are praised so heavily..
How nice of you to update! This community really is the best. So much knowledge and experience plus the empathy and support that brings it all together. 
It's fab!..Check out her YouTube channel of the same name if you haven't seen it it's really comprehensive... I binge-watched hours of it when I first got sober!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
The audiobook on audible is fantastic. My brain wanders too easily whilst reading. Car journeys are my favourite bit of the day right now 
Amazing book. Read it in two days just about 19 days ago  
I live This Naked Mind. It really helped me too.
I listened to that book as well. ..It's got great suggestions and insights. Though I find it quite derivative of Allan Carr's stop smoking book. Not saying either is bad. It even does give credit at a few places. 
Terrific book.  Really made me wonder why I ever drank in the first place. 
Thank you for posting this. I came to this sub looking for help or guidance and idk. I am going to start with this book and see where i can go
I had a health scare. 32F and liver was not feeling good high BP digestive issues skin problems and going through sweaty panic-ridden withdrawal each morning - This pushed me to finally quit after 10+ years on top of it affecting my life in every other way. I needed to be scared to death/of death. And I'm still not out of the woods. Such a waste of time and health with nothing good to show for it. This stuff's poison!
I'm on my longest stretch sober since probably 16 and let me tell you the reason why this time has been successful over last time has been because of This Naked Mind. It changed my perspective of drinking from it being a me problem that I'm broken  that I'm missing out to why on earth does someone pour poison down their gullet? Alcohol became instantly insane and stupid to me and it wasn't a me problem-- alcohol was broken. It might be an extreme attitude but it went from me and a select portion of the population that are the problem (us here) to society being the problem promoting a proven dangerous poison and narcotic. Will always appreciate Ms. Grace for her work. 
Pay it forward and keep recommending it!  Great job..&amp;#x200B;
I love that book and alcohol explained by William porter!
I have just read "the empty room" by Lauren b Davis. I have read many books on alchoholism. But this book really hit home especially if your female.
Home Podcast
