-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ikkhn/so_something_seems_to_have_clicked/

I was making this too big a deal for myself I think. I was counting every day bare-knuckling it and letting "not drinking" control my every move. My wife forced me to go to a therapist and AA which decidedly didn't work for me. Not my bag baby so to speak...I relapsed. I hid it. I lost trust. Again. Then I read some posts on here about people who don't count the days. They just don't drink...This new mentality has made it easier for me to string along more days than I have in over a year (when I went 8 months sober the first time I tried to kick it). I'm also much happier just living without all that added stuff on top of my regular schedule that made it even worse...I'm enjoying the ease of weight loss and liking what I see in the mirror more every day. I'm definitely in the post-stopping "oh man am I tired" phase but that's nothing a workout won't cure...TL/DR - everyone has their own path to sobriety but sobriety sure does feel/look good on everyone no matter how they get there!..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on the 25.  Right there with you.  
Nice!  Sounds like you're in a good place mentally to keep being successful.  IWNDWYT!
Great news! I'm with you on the not counting days kind of feels like baggage to me. I do seem to have a badge... but I didn't ask for it and it's not accurate...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT :)
I don't know how many days I've gone until I log in here.  Then it's nice to see ohh the number's getting higher.  Just a little treat for the eyes.  I'd send in a request to change your badge just so its accurate.  It's a neat little feature
&gt; Then I read some posts on here about people who don't count the days. They just don't drink. ..This was important to me too.  I am not an AA'er but there is much to be said about the maxim "Day at a time."..I only have a counter here because of idle curiosity.  For now I am happy to not drink today.  I was happy to not drink yesterday.  Even if I'm not happy that I don't drink tomorrow I hope I will find it in me to abstain.  ..I'm just beginning this journey of sobriety and I could fill pages about how much my life has improved thus far...So for today I will not drink with you.  Let's strive to say the same tomorrow...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
yep good way to do it. though I am counting DOWN the days to the big 365!! ;) Gonna celebrate with an even bigger bowl of ice cream than I usually eat. Nightly. Shhh!
Nice! There certainly is a lot of subtle psychology to this thing on top of the physical aspect of addiction (not that they aren't interrelated). I've experienced the same thing where it seemed like I just had no way forward against this then all of a sudden something just clicks and it doesn't seem like such a struggle. Not that there aren't hard times and I've slipped a few times since starting at the beginning of July but it's a whole lot different from before when I used to be scared about whether I would ever make it through a single weekend without drinking...Anyway keep it up!
