-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ioxuf/better_person_when_drunk/

I have been struggling with binge drinking for years now. Badge is a lie. Drank on Monday...I realized today that a motivating factor is that I genuinely think I'm a better person when drinking. I'm that kind of drunk that people wish they were. Snuggly filled with loving compliments very kind...When I don't drink I feel anxious and I'm nasty. I pick on my lovely fiance. Everything pisses me off...That has been my default personality since oh 3 years old...I don't know what to do. Fianc  says he loves me sober too and that he is understanding that I get mean when I'm anxious...If life is short why not imbibe and be nicer? My brain is struggling with this (seemingly) airtight argument...I need your help. :(
----------immediate responses--------

The nasty sober you is probably in withdrawal. 
I'm fresh to the sobriety thing but have you ever sought out help for your anxiety?  ...Getting therapy and meds for my anxiety changed my life.  I came off them because of insurance and started drinking more to cope with it and it's why I'm quitting drinking but it's a huge priority to get back on meds again.
Drunk me could be funny flirty and charming. But drunk me could also be an obnoxious idiot...You are most likely snappy and anxious because your body and mind is craving the next drink. ..We are here to help you. Yes life is short so why waste those precious years poisoning ourselves. Yes POISON. Your alcohol brain is lying to you so you will drink. I believed I was a better person when I was drinking. Turns out I was wrong...Check out This Naked Mind podcast it smashes a lot of alcohol myths. Don't give up on yourself. IWNDWYT  
To be that "better" person all the time would mean you would have to be drinking all the time to keep up the facade. That is not sustainable.  And its pretty much a lie that your brain is telling you to keep you drinking.  Are you always snuggly and filled with compliments when you drink? Or are there times when you get angry or anxious when drinking too?..Maybe talking to a therapist and dealing with the anxiety may be helpful. There are other cognitive ways to become less anxious and prone to picking on your fiancee then to drink them away...I was a snuggly drunk but I had a mean streak that would come out to play every once in a while when I was drinking. I was also very selfish and self centered.  I only thought about me.  ..Once I sobered up I got on depression medication go to therapy and attend AA meetings regularly.  I am so much more confident calm and able to dole out compliments freely and from the heart not from a place of inebriation. ..Just my experience. Hope it helps somewhat.  
[removed]
I get this argument because I used to have it with myself. I liked being drunk and preferred it to being sober. I was a "happy drunk" oh accept for the times I couldn't drink then I was actually a really unhappy person. My brain can come up with incredibly creative ways to persuade me into drinking. Just for today I'm not falling for it.
 I personally found that it took about 3 months before I started feeling better less resentful about not drinking and a happier person.  Was a struggle to get thru those first months had constant battles in my head about drinking drove me crazy but I'm so glad I stuck it out.    Good luck.   
I don't think alcohol is magic.  I don't think it can create a new personality in someone.  That sweet snuggly person?  That's you!  That person is inside of you all of the time!  They might be getting covered up by other things like anxiety but they are real.  You can find other ways to let that person out.  Just because you have been a certain way most of your life does not mean that is the only way you can be.  We all contain multitudes.  .Think hard about what you want.  Believe in yourself.  We are all here with you.
