-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9iphtl/i_broke_up_with_my_girlfriend_earlier_today/

This is long &amp; rambling but I don't really have anyone to talk to.....She was actually a catalyst for me to stop drinking. She has depression and anxiety that wasn't being helped with our constant drunk outings. I had been talking about cutting back for a while at that point...I spent a day thinking about how often I was drinking where even if I was just having 1-2 to relax I was still drinking daily. Then on the one day a week I set as my heavy day I was blacking out almost every time. I had started to develop a reputation with my friends of always drinking and dragging other people in to partying heavier. I had a reputation at my work where if I needed time off "it was obviously to go get drunk" and calling out sick was "probably a hangover." They were right about the days off to drink but I went in to work with hangovers all the time...I spent another day thinking about my ex who said I drank too much. She never said anything until the break-up and she never drank or had friends who did before dating me. I just brushed it off as her being naive...I spent another day thinking about my constant struggles with weight gain and loss. All the times I had tried dieting and exercise and yo-yo'd 40 pounds cause nothing would stick or I'd lose motivation...So when my girlfriend told me the drinking &amp; nightlife being always part of our social life wasn't helping her depression/anxiety I quit. She didn't. This was my decision and I was making it for myself...The relationship got strained when she moved 2 months ago 45 minutes away. We talked about making it work and it did for a while but school &amp; work are things. Trying to make ourselves better people is a bigger thing. So we broke up earlier today. It's too much stress for either of us...But relating this back to sobriety; I thought about how everytime I was sad I would drink. Or bored. Or happy. Or felt any emotion beyond neutral. Let's celebrate! Let's commiserate! Let's get a party going! I've been numbing myself from having true feelings for a decade at this point...So yes I am sad. And I would like to numb that pain. But tomorrow's would be worse. So IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

The great thing is you are taking time to truly reflect and work through everything that has been going on. ..While being drunk there is no reflection there is no insight there is only impulse. That drinking impulse is the biggest form of complacency for us. It's the Shackle on our ankle. ..I hope you continue to reflect and see who you really are and what freedom lies ahead with a sober mind. ..Keep it up! 
I relate and have felt exceptionally sad today too thank you for the "rambling" IWNDWYT
Hope your doing all right breaks up are usually accompanied by (at least for me in the past) feelings of exquisite pain loss and sadness. ..Spending time with friends and family has been important for me after my break ups. It's nice to know at least some people will be constant in your life. ..Good luck mate.
I loved your post but more specifically that last line. It seems to me that you are handling this situation with maturity and grace. I know I tried to drown a lot of heartaches with alcohol and it only increased that pain and added more on top of it. This is a great opportunity to focus just on yourself and get some good work done. Sorry you have to go through it but you will be ok.  
  I like to think of you out there not drinking any more moving forward in the new ways you're learning about.  Searching for that Better Way.  Good luck all my best to you you're going to be ok.. we can and we will find what we need along the way as long as we just don't give up.    iwndwyt 
IWNDWYT!  
