-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9isvx4/help_with_a_plan_to_just_go_fucking_home_every/

Hi..My struggle to not drink stems mostly in my rage-induced drive home from work every day. On weekends when I am home I tend to have a much easier time not drinking because I'm already home and am at peace. For some reason the urge to drink to "wind down" from work and traffic gets me almost every day. ..Things my mind will say.."You will not relax tonight if you don't drink".."you will sit there and pine for it all night so just drink".."You won't be able to disconnect from your job and you will be angry if you don't drink".."You won't sleep without it do you really want another sleepless night?"..The list can go on and on...Here are some of the things I say to try to combat it..."dude you don't need it all its going to do is make you feel shame and regret in the morning.".."Think about your kidneys man you are starting to wake up with sore legs now. You've done the research and you know what this is".."You need to stay alive for your family. Do the right thing and don't stop at a gas station".."Just go home. Just go home. Just. Go. Home"..Then I drive right past my street to the gas station in the neighborhood buy beer and go home and slam the first one because GRRRRRRRRRRR...I'm so fucking sick of this mental tennis match I play every day on my drive home... The days I succeed are mostly the first few days. I try to find distracting radio stations to focus on but that little voice continues to break through. By the time I'm almost home traffic as well as this mental fight has gotten me so physically pissed off that I'm shaking and I cave in and buy some.....This is my biggest fight and I feel powerless to stop it... I know this sub doesn't advocate the sinclair method but I'm tempted to give it a shot due to my health issues (I'm Diabetic lactic acid buildup in legs kidney pain etc). I have a family I want to keep my family and I think if I can figure out a way to beat this daily drive hurdle I'll be very successful at stopping daily drinking I would just like some tips...Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

Have you ever read *This Naked Mind*? There's a good reason it's so frequently recommended here! All of your alcohol demon's justifications you listed here are addressed. The author covers how we get into the cycle of addiction things that keep us there and why all of that is total bullshit and how to get out...Here's a quote I thought was relevant or you might find interesting:..&gt;What is actual relaxation? You could say that being completely relaxed means having nothing to worry irk or annoy you either physically or mentally. How can alcohol do this for you? It does not fix the annoyances and stressors but temporarily dulls the symptoms...Of course addiction is a much bigger stressor than the stressors you drank to remove. You've created a mental craving for alcohol that did not exist before one that you now have to either feed (with more alcohol) or deprive. Wanting something you shouldn't have does nothing to relax you; it creates a mental divide inside your mind which is the very definition of frustration and agitation. It's the opposite of relaxation.
I've lived in cities where the traffic is outrageous so I can relate. Road rage is a funny thing because there really isn't a reason for it. For me anyway I see that I start getting angry in traffic that I can't control someone else to do something I see they should be doing (if they were me). But they're not me and they're probably trying to do their best but something is preventing them from doing that as well. As with all triggers for my drinking I need to look at what underlies the emotional response and sometimes it's elusive. They say anger deep down is fear and I've found that to be true if I dig deep enough. In traffic often I worry the car is going to break down or someone is going to run into me or I'm missing something... and yet here I am in a padded chair with climate control and music at my fingertips. What is making me so angry?
I've found that I can talk myself back into drinking no matter what my intentions are or how much I intellectually understand that it's not good for me. What has helped me is changing my behaviors. ..I make it hard to drink. I'm not hanging out where people are drinking. I don't keep alcohol in the house. ..I plan other activities. I have things to do. I'm talking to others more about how I'm feeling. And I'm doing things to both take care of myself (getting enough sleep going to therapy meditating etc.) and support my sobriety (posting &amp; reading on here going to AA etc.)
You've described perfectly what in AA is called 'the obsession'.  I too could get a few days sober but always drank again...My 'obsession' lasted for years please don't make the same mistake. 
Two ideas--immediately get a filling decadent coffee drink or milkshake with all the bells and whistles and drink it on the way home while listening to sobriety podcasts. Or go to the gym and soak in the hot tub and drive home after you're chill and traffic has died down make it a wind-down ritual.
What helped me break that pattern was going to a recovery meeting right after work!
