-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9itq18/six_weeks_today/

I can't believe it's gone so fast. A week was daunting and a month seemed impossible and now I'm nearly at two months.   I'm really proud of myself (and of all of you and you should all be proud of yourselves too). ..I feel good. The rollercoaster has levelled out for the most part. I still have bad days but they feel more  normal'-bad not  depressed alcoholic'-bad. Maybe it's PAWS as well I dunno. Either way bad days are easier to deal with sober. I still have problems and stress but I'm not compounding the interest on that stress by piling booze on it. Alcohol is flammable remember and only fuels any fires it lands on. ..It's become a lot easier because not drinking now feels normal and I spend less time thinking about it. *But* my cravings are also much stronger when they appear. I'm terrified of relapse and the urge to drink feels much stronger when it does get into my brain. I have to be really careful not to become complacent. Any tips on that would be appreciated. ..Overall there's only positives so far. I decided on my Masters and I'm so excited to start that next week and see what I can really achieve sober. Onwards and upwards.   ..
----------immediate responses--------

Yay!!!! Well done it gets much easier from here :)
Yes pug!!! Woohoo!!! **6 weeks!!!**     I think around this point I was studying communication skills and working on integrating those into my all-day long interactions.  It was a terrific distraction kept my mind busy and brought a lot of satisfaction as I met my goals and even through the tough parts generally kept me really fruitfully occupied.  They say that working towards a goal brings as much satisfaction as finally acquiring it and that pride I got helped me be a stronger individual on the whole.  Are there other personal goals you may have along this journey along with stopping drinking?  IWNDWYT 
Congratulations on 6 weeks! Such a major accomplishment.  I think it's great you are being mindful about dealing with cravings and not getting complacent.  ..I try to remind myself that my brain might say drinking will be good but the reality will not be good.  I am always one drink away from giving up all the good in my life and going back to the nightmare.  What I've found in sobriety peace hope and freedom is too precious to give up...Wishing you the best! Keep in truckin'! IWNDWYT 
That's awesome. I'm so happy for you. Is there any way for you to know whether the depression/anxiety/bad days is PAWS-related? Is it something you dealt with before you started drinking? I wonder how that's figured out. 
That's brilliant 2 months and starting a new chapter in your life. With all the energy and time saved from not drinking and being hungover !
You rock
So happy for you  
Yay! Congrats! I'm pretty much exactly where you are in terms of leveling out and not drinking feeling normal...and being conscious of figuring out how not to become complacent. That's exciting about getting your Masters! 
Good work and good for you. Congratulations IWNDWYT  
