-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j2qh7/its_my_birthday_i_deserve_the_right_to_drink/

That's the thought that popped into my head without warning yesterday on my birthday. I've made it 22 days I obviously have self control I'm super stressed and get zero breaks in the day... the least I can do is treat myself with a single drink just for today. All day long that annoying pestering little thought itched and scratched at my brain. I knew I wouldn't be able to drink in the open because my husband is pretty much over me drinking so then began the thoughts on how I could secretly have just one single mini wine or whiskey without him knowing. ..And days like that suck. Being sober has hard days and quite frankly there's nothing flowery or inspiring or powerful to say other than knuckle through it. I went back and read my posts to remind myself of why I decided I had to quit. I read your posts and related to all of them in some way. I played the tape forward and all that jazz. In the end it was the shear dread of the disappointment I would feel if some how I managed to only sneak one little bottle of alcohol down my throat at the very end of the night without my husband knowing (which was highly unlikley cause who the fuck just drinks one?).. that fear of the middle of the night awakening realizing I had failed stuck all alone in the realization of my inability to control myself. And I said 'nah fuck that'. I stayed tense most of the night but busy. Once I knew it wasn't happening though as the chance for me to sneak and get the alcohol had passed the thoughts subsided and eventually went away. ..I woke up at 6:30am today with no anxiety and actually hugged myself mentally cause my ass just made it through my first birthday in over a decade without booze. That's pretty cool at least despite the struggle yesterday. 
----------immediate responses--------

Happy belated birthday! Good job at staying strong.
  IWNDWYT 
Well done!  You certainly do deserve the right to drink.  But you also deserve the right to treat yourself on your birthday.  But booze isn't a treat it is a punch in the gut.  Birthdays deserve better than nausea and dizziness.  They deserve better than guilt and shame.  I hope you get to have an actual treat one that brings happiness without pain on your birthday. 
I would be disappointed in myself for having had one bottle of wine... And I would have been disappointed for having only one bottle of wine.  And that's how I know I am a true alcoholic.  Way to go getting through the day!  IWNDWYT
Great news! Keep fighting the good fight. That's classic addiction reasoning. We pretend that drinking is so fun and relaxing but then in our heads we're sneaking drinks in broom closets while our SO goes to the restroom. Been there done that. Glad you came out on the other end. Today is a new day. IWNDWYT
Awesome! Happy birthday to you and thank you for sharing the tough days along with the successes. Sometimes I feel shame that it's so hard for me to say no to a glass. 
Thank you for sharing this. I have 5 weeks under my belt and a birthday coming up. So of course my brain starts telling me that I'm in control and that a beer on my big day will be fine. I'm not going to do it. IWNDWYT!.
Happy birthday! The struggles make us stronger I hope!
Thanks for the share! Im on day 16 a brand new record for being sober without any incarceration :-P..&amp;#x200B;..I relate to the thoughts you had a persistent whisper in my mind that says "Just one" but I am scared of just "one drink" I feel better since I have not been drinking and my life is simpler less complicated than when i was drinking...&amp;#x200B;..Congrats keep it up!..IWNDWYT!!
We can and will co-sign any bullshit that feeds our addiction. Get to a meeting call your sponsor never stay in your own head for very long. It's not a safe neighborhood. ..Good luck friend. 
Happy birthday - and CONGRATS on not giving in!..&amp;#x200B;
Happy birthday.  I hope that you get a chance to do something that is truly wonderful and deserved like a long massage or a luxury hair appointment or even a long weekend to a nearby bed and breakfast on a gorgeous lake or an art class... whatever adds spark to your life and joy to your heart.  
Gooooood jooooooob!!!!! I had the same experience around my birthday having been sober for the same amount of time except I caved. And it was stupid. I had a couple of beers but they tasted gross. They made me feel gross. It was all so disappointing and stupid. I've only been accountable to myself and the folks here but I reset my badge. My badge number has been super motivating for me so I'm really annoyed with myself. I don't know you but I'm proud of you for holding on and getting through. You've got this. Happy belated birthday! IWNDWYT
And that's your birthday present to yourself...way to stay strong. .
First sober birthday is a huge milestone! Happy Birthday to you. 
Happy birthday! You know it wouldn't have been just one. As you said who the fuck just drinks one...? The dread of disappointment is an awful feeling but sometimes you have to fight ugly against alcohol addiction which plays dirty. You are a badass    
As you pointed out who wants one drink anyway? It always leads to one more and another and ... you know the drill. I'm so glad you stuck to your commitment to have a clear-headed happy birthday. Go buy yourself some seriously awesome shoes! Happy b-day :-)
Happy late birthday twin!  Mine was also yesterday and I had a very similar experience.  Glad we both made it :)
Man I went through some tough times about 2 weeks ago and I thought that the voice saying: 'Go on it's OK to have one' would be a permanent fixture. ..The last few days I haven't even thought about drinking and haven't even felt the need to check in here multiple times daily like I had for the first 10 weeks. It tells me my brain is re-writing and re-wiring some shit and figuring out some new chemistry. I am definitely not gonna let my guard down but it's promising to know that with time things really might get easier and easier. ..Congrats on making it through your birthday that's no easy feat. Your next birthday will be a .... piece of cake. ..&amp;#x200B;
Well done you! Today is my birthday and I am thinking "Hey it's my birthday and I deserve not to drink." I'm giving myself the gift of no poison no anxiety no hangover no guilt etc.   ..You did it you had a sober birthday. Probably one of the first of many milestones you'll pass on this journey and think "hey that wasn't as hard as I thought" ..Happy Belated Birthday and I will not drink with you today!
The birthday can be a tough one but I think you handled it beautifully. I remember my first adult birthday sober and I just looked at it as something I had to get through. I did and so did you! I hope you get a chance to do something truly nice for yourself in the following days. Always try to be kind to yourself.     
Hugs. Big ones.
That waking up sober feeling is absolutely worth it every day. Happy birthday and stay well. I will not drink with you today!
I'm at 22 Days too! Congrats and happy birthday! IWNDWYT!..Soda water cheers!
yay for you!!! that voice is a fucking liar and it never wants just one. Happy Birthday and IWNDWYT
Happy birthday! Here's a virtual high five to go along with your mental self-hug! ;)
I am no longer willing to pay the price for a tiny bit of euphoria and .01% of my life for the other 99.99% of good that I give up when I drink.
Happy happy birthday :) 
happy bday...Mine's tomorrow! Just like you I had that same thought pop into my head. I wont drink today tomorrow or ever - yet sometimes those thoughts come back to haunt me. "one drink wont hurt one drink wont bring you back to being evil..." well it took one drink and then another "one drink" to get me to where I was...Keep strong my friend.
You go girl.... I loved this post ..I am so glad you made it to hug yourself. It inspires me to do the same.. I know those thoughts all too much. There is so much more on the flip side. You gave yourself the best present ever to be forever in the present without regret. 
Hey Happy birthday! You rock!
Happy Birthday!!
Great stuff mate...&amp;#x200B;..My treat:..Make a tasty light dinner. Smoke some weed. Eat said dinner. ..Wait an hour or so...Smoke a bit more weed...Break out the ice cream (or cheesecake)  chocolate brownie and favorite non -  alc drink...Play video games and pass-out happy and content...&amp;#x200B;..Wake up happy...&amp;#x200B;
Good job!!!       
Nice work. And great post. Very useful read. Thanks for sharing. 
Good job.
This is fuckin awesome and inspiring.  Ty for sharing
YAY! Treat yourself to some sushi pizza tiramisu an entire peach pie with vanilla ice cream a kung fu movie double feature a nice hot bath a foot reflexology massage and a nap. :D
It's my birthday too! 28 and no drinking for me 
what are you doing in your recovery program?
Damn I am so proud of you. SO PROUD OF YOU!!! You said it so well: ..&amp;#x200B;.."...that fear of the middle of the night awakening realizing I had failed stuck all alone in the realization of my inability to control myself." Yes ma'am. Right back atcha and #metoo. ..&amp;#x200B;..I mean that's the amazing moment isn't? When we realize who we are doing this for: Ourselves. Because we're worth it. (Sorry L'Oreal.) We're so worth it. I'm so proud of you. You really nailed this on the head--the pestering thought the obsession of figuring out how to sneak a drink in your own home and then realizing no I don't want to do that to myself and riding it out and then ..&amp;#x200B;..Morning. Glorious and new just for you because you gave yourself the gift of possibility. ..&amp;#x200B;..And before I forget let me say the most important thing:..&amp;#x200B;..Happy Birthday.
Every year I give myself being sober as a birthday present.
Better later then never- IWNDWYT
Relating 100%!!!!!  
Congratulations on staying strong.  I am very well acquainted with that annoying pestering thought.  You put it so well. And yes going over and over and over the scenarios is utterly exhausting.  You got what you deserved for your birthday - a clear memory of it and no argument with hubster over alcohol.  IWNDWYT
Struggle all you want. Just don't drink...kidding. We all know those little internal battles and once a person has *made the decision* that booze no longer has a place in your life the battles are shorter and easier...You can do this...IWNDWYT
Thanks for this! I have a birthday one week from today and these same thoughts have crept thru my brain already. Also first birthday to be sober in over a decade. Your post will certainly help me to keep in mind that the "Booze Goblin" is a freakin LIAR! Stay strong! I will NOT drink with you today!  Peace
