-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j2x8c/life_is_going_great_and_im_going_to_fuck_it_up/

I was emotionally physically mentally and spiritually bankrupt when I got sober. My life was a mess. I had zero integrity and was on the brink of losing everything. ..I didn't value or respect the things I had and only after getting sober did I realize how easily I could have lost it all. ..Life is really good today. I'll have two years sober in November. My career is in the best place it's ever been. I just went under contract for a house. My marriage is what I always hoped it could be.  ..And I swear to God I'm going to fuck it up. ..I'm filled with anxiety every day that the bottom is going to fall out. Not necessarily that I'm going to relapse but that karma is going to come for me. ..I feel like God is going to audit my life realize I deserve much worse and deliver that. ..Has anyone else had this anxiety? Is this kind of self-defeating thinking normal in us? Am I headed for a relapse without knowing it? 
----------immediate responses--------

Maybe is some underlying issue that needs to be addressed that is causing the anxiety.  Talking to a therapist or working through it with a friend could help?  I don't have the money for therapy so I try talking out issues with close friends.  It helps me sort what is really going on in my head at least...Other times I just need to get out of my head and stop looking for trouble.  I find that volunteering or lending someone a hand helps me achieve this and serves as a reminder to be grateful for what I do have and what problems I do not have if that makes sense.  ..Don't punish yourself.  You've come a long way and can be proud of your growth.  I will not drink with you today.
I have therapy to be really helpful in learning techniques to manage this kind of thinking. 
Omg I understand this dread.  I think it's because I wonder if I deserve for things to work if bad stuff will happen out of the blue because I don't get a run of good things... wait.  That's in my past now.  I will move forward because I trust that I'm doing things with a good and decent heart and I'm not throwing my own wrenches into the machinery any more.  If I can at all help it.  Life is pretty random but I live in contentment with doing my part at least and I think that's all I can really rely on is a deep abiding trust in myself.  I'm sending you a hug.  I hope you find your peace of mind   iwndwyt 
I hope you don't truly believe that you don't deserve good things. You do deserve good things and you deserve to be happy. I get the thinking because I'm guilty of it too but if we keep taking care of ourselves everything else will take care of itself.     
You don't "deserve" anything. Luck doesn't exist. Life is the product of your choices...You can choose to mess it up or can choose a great life. Up to you and nobody else.
