-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9j8h4u/tired_of_the_mental_struggle/

Long time lurker. No time sober. ..I'm tired for hating myself for my bad choices. For my addiction. I'm tired of making up excuses and constantly failing myself and my family. I'm sick of being sick. ..  I don't know who to be someone new. It terrifies me. What if I'm worse sober? What if I'm not happy sober? What if I can't stay sober? ..  I'm sure they're all questions we've asked ourselves. I want to find out the answers. I need to. ..  The questions I don't ask myself are What happens if you don't quit? When will you kill yourself? When will you wife and kid give up on you? How will you feel when you lose everything? ..  Figuring out what questions matter more has been my main struggle. I want to choose which questions I answer. I don't want to be powerless. I want the power to find my answers and solve my problems. ..  It's just a very lonely struggle. You all help me a lot. Thank you. ..
----------immediate responses--------

"Long time lurker. No time sober." Thank you for starting out with some humor.  I did laugh hope that's okay... we are here for you.  We are all going through it!  Reading the questions that you have I could see framing them in a positive way- the answers to the first set (quitting) are exciting and full of possibility.  Being someone new is a huge opportunity.  I find it highly doubtful that you will be "worse" sober.  Nobody ever is even if you think that's not true...The second set of questions (and their answers) have far more gravity.  And I think those alone give you your answer.  Read them again.  How dire is that??  If those are the inevitable conclusions do the specific answers matter?  Would it matter WHEN you kill yourself or WHEN your family gives up on you?  No!  It would be tragic for it to happen AT ALL.  So much more to lose than to gain by continuing to drink (in my opinion)... 
I have a suggestion that might completely miss the mark of your questions:  Give yourself just ONE sober day to try to get a little more clear-headed.  Just one.  Take some time and read as many posts here as you can.  Read the replies...If you can make through just ONE day consider doing it the next day.  Don't think about next week or next month just those single days.  Maybe a third day is in the offing.  Never know until you get there.  When the fog clears a bit then re-visit your questions.  You might find that you already have the answers...Someone further in recovery than I is probably better equipped to address your issues. ..But I suspect that most of us have asked ourselves those very same questions...Take a chance and commit to saying:  I will not drink with you today...&amp;#x200B;
I've had those same fears. Quitting drinking was terrifying. Alcohol was a part of who I was. Taking that away brought so much uncertainty doubt and dread. ..I've found those are not the questions I should be asking myself. Those are my fears and I can let fear go. I think the most important question I asked myself in early sobriety was "How have other people gotten sober?" I became willing to try what they did. Not everything has been for me but I've gather enough wisdom from various alcoholics to feel comfortable in sobriety today. .
I can tell you my worst days sober have been far better than my worst days drinking. I hate myself a lot less. I'm even a little proud. ..I'm still a work in progress but I no longer feel like a failure. ..I'm rooting for you!
Here is what I found. When I let go of alcohol the struggle ended and I found peace.  It took work: joining this community mindfulness taking it one day at a time.  But finding peace and freedom was worth it.  Every day isn't easy but most days are not a struggle. My life is so much better sober...I'm sending positive thoughts you way! You can do this and I'm rooting for you. IWNDWYT 
There is one thing I did not understand when I was stuck and in the grip of alcohol addiction.  It is this:  I had to stop drinking long enough to get past the physical withdrawal which took less than a week before I could experience how much better my life could be without the alcohol...I had tried so many times to quit but after 3 or 4 days I was in such a miserable state that I gave up not knowing that I was halfway through the worst part of getting sober...Personally I am way happier being alcohol free.  I think most people are.
Here's goes nothing then. Wish me luck
I asked myself the same questions! Below are my answers but the TL;DR is: I won't know until I try...&gt; What if I'm worse sober? ..Then I can go back to drinking but I owe it to myself to give it a try. From what I've read (and now also experienced) it's best to give it at least thirty days. The first two weeks for me are a time of withdrawal (for me it's mostly unstable moods shitty sleep and gastrointestinal problems) and there were loads of firsts (first time coming home and not drinking first grocery shop without buying booze first weekend sober first time I'm upset and drinking is not an option etc). It takes a while to test drive not-drinking...&gt; What if I'm not happy sober? ..Well I wasn't happy when I was drinking either because why else would I want to quit? I also remind myself that I am not sober - I'm still sobering up and it will take a while to work out how real sober life looks like. In my view it's a matter of replacing automatic responses (eg I'm angry - I need a drink) with a sustainable alternative and doing it until it becomes second nature. So eg if I can't sleep the default action changes from a night cap to a night cup (of chamomile tea) and I do not have to think about it...&gt; What if I can't stay sober?..Then I will look for more help. There are different kinds of meetings medications in-patient and out-patient treatment various agencies dealing with addictions. There are free online resources. There's SD and people who bring a wealth of knowledge because everyone has a slightly different take on recovery and sober living. I do not have to do this on my own...It's only when I drink that I'm powerless - I have no control over what's going to happen next. I give the reigns of my life to alcohol.  Now that I'm sober I do not consider myself powerless - I noticed a problem and now I am fixing it before it gets too bad. A stitch in time saves nine.
