-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jbix6/was_it_something_specific_that_gave_you_relief_or/

This is what my sister texted me last night.  She like me struggles with debilitating anxiety and depression.  However I was lucky enough to find a remedy that's caused my anxiety and depression to rapidly decrease: stop drinking every day!  I went 6 days without it (and after a fall starting over again) and it has literally changed my mental health so drastically in just one week...&amp;#x200B;..We grew up with a mother who was very preachy about everything and controlling of our behavior (excessively) so I think we both have the mindset of ignoring good advice now that we no longer *have* to let someone shove ideas and beliefs down our throats.  I've been slowly sharing my experience with her and the science I've learned about alcohol and mental health but I get the feeling she doesn't want to listen.  ..&amp;#x200B;..Me: *"I know anxiety can be so hard to live with.  I felt like I had tried everything before I finally got some relief.  If I can feel better I know you can too."*..Sister: *"Was it something specific that gave you relief or did it just let up a bit?"*..&amp;#x200B;..I don't want to risk sounding like a broken record or preachy but she already knows why my anxiety let up.  I've told her it was the alcohol.  I don't know how else to say it though and she's fishing for answers...&amp;#x200B;..TLDR; **Does anyone have any advice on how to help someone who isn't receptive of "preachy" advice understand how they can get their anxiety under control by letting go of alcohol?**
----------immediate responses--------

Hi..quitting is a personal decision. ..I agree with you just not drinking is all there is and anxiety and depression do go down (not a doctor but that is my experience and what I read here almost every single day)...I would suggest directing her to this sub and let her lurk for as long as she wants. There are dozens of stories every single days that have helped **me** on this journey...We are not here for the tips...We are here to be listen and to tell and read stories we all can relate to one way or another...Finally I have the feeling that anything (although I do not know you or you sis obviously) coming from this sub might have more weight than your own tips since as you mentioned you both do not like following tips/orders/whatever (I can relate to that too!! seems like our parents were annoyingly similar)...TLDR: I would suggest that your sis come here and visit us to make up her own mind.
You know how the rules here say we have to talk from the  I  and not give direct instructions/advice or tell people what to do? I find this works in real life too. ..It's easy to share all the things I've learned about sobriety and how awful alcohol really is but you're right that it just comes across preachy. People who are still drinking don't want to hear how it causes misery cancer depression whatever. Instead talk about your experiences without suggesting the other person has to do it. I talk about how I only feel positive benefits from quitting I talk about all the good things that are going on and people naturally comment on how I look and seem different. That seems to have more of an effect than anything else...If she's asking for something specific then maybe you can try explaining all the specific ways that cutting out drinking has helped you. That's what I do when people are probing around and it seems to make more of an impact. ..It's always something people have to realise themselves but just living my best life and keeping my side of the road clean seems to help other people realise maybe there's something in it. :) good luck. IWNDWYT. 
[removed]
As they say in AA "attraction not promotion."   When people see others make a positive transformation they might be more inclined to do the same. ..Change has to come from within.  According to some studies the number one determinant to sobriety success is commitment to change.  A person must want to change.  It can't be forced or argued onto them.  ..As you improve and change your sister will likely notice.  That could be all the inspiration she needs.   You're still early in sobriety so there are lots of benefits yet-to-come that you both will see so perhaps just give your sister more time.  
I would say in response to that direct question "it was stopping drinking that helped me the most." ..Then I might add something that helped me with the stopping like therapy or the SMART Recovery tools or whatever...and then i'd just see what she wrote back and take it from there. ..it was my sister mentioning that she had replaced her nightly wine with NA wine and that my brother had stopped drinking too that started the wheels turning in my head. She literally didn't say anything other than those 2 facts and I was like "hmm i wonder if I could do that." 
