-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jbv9g/i_think_i_might_have_a_problem/

I think it's time for me to quite drinking all together. It seems I can't just have one or two drinks. As soon as I start drinking I don't stop until I'm pretty wasted......We had a company event yesterday with plenty of drinks around. This isn't unusual for our company we meet up for drinks after work at least once a week. .Anyways I wanted to chit chat and have one maybe two beers and then go home..That didn't work out very well. I must have had 6 or 7 and was pretty drunk by the time I was on my way home. At home I thought  it's Wednesday you can't be drunk on a Wednesday  so I did what was the most rational thing in my head at the time... cocaine...I've been noticing that I can't deal with alcohol anymore for a while now. I quite drinking from January to March this year just to prove to myself I could do it and it was a struggle but it worked. I only started again because I feel like a social outcast when I'm not drinking. Everybody drinks. All. The. Time...I just can't drink normally and I don't know why. I can go without a drink for a while and it doesn't bother me or I don't feel the urge to drink. But as soon as I start I don't stop. I can't stop. .All the other drugs aside that's an issue to deal with another time drinking is what gets me going and I think if I quite drinking all the other stuff will disappear as well...I don't really know what the point of this post is maybe just venting and letting it out is a good start...I guess here's to nothing and my first day of sobriety..
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome aboard!..If you're here wondering about it that's usually a pretty good indicator that something isn't quite right about your drinking......Having trouble stopping once you've started is very common - that's just what alcohol *does* to some of us.... It doesn't matter if that's every day or once in a blue moon and it doesn't even need to be every time you drink - the fact that it happens *at all* is a good enough reason to carefully consider whether drinking is really worth it.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....There are loads of stories on here from people who stopped drinking for a bit convinced themselves they were 'cured' and could definitely drink like a normal person *this time* and it would be different and blahblahblah.... nope it's still the same inherently-hard-to-moderate drug interacting with the same brain!..Having issues with other mood-altering addictive substances as well as alcohol is also very common it's all a manifestation of much the same thing... There's no great mystery to it and the brain science behind it is pretty well understood once you start educating yourself about it.....Hope you'll stick around and keep us posted!..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Welcome! None of us can drink normally!  If you think you need to do something about your drinking then you probably do. SD is an amazing place.
&gt;Everybody drinks.  All.  The.  Time...I thought so too.  I discovered I had unconsciously gravitated towards people that drink.  ..I learned that the majority of the worlds population either doesn't drink at all or it's not a prominent feature in their lives...I got some sober friends.  Then I had support and i didn't feel "different".
