-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jeo7l/1_year_today_thank_you_sd_truly/

Note: This turned into a  War &amp; Peace -like post. Sorry. But I'll leave it as-is in the hopes that it might help someone else just like so many of the long detailed posts helped me. I just wrote from the heart and this is what appeared. ..The summary: I'm so grateful to this Stop Drinking community and proud of myself for this milestone in my life. We did it together. And I have hope of a better future. Thank you. Truly...**********************************************..Today September 27 is one year since I became sober. And I'm filled with so much pride and so much gratitude for this Stop Drinking board. You guys have all helped me so much and truthfully been the only support I've had in sobriety...I have received SO MUCH help and inspiration from all the  milestone' posts people make on here  one day week month year that I still every day seek those posts out to read. And I find SO MUCH value in reading the very detailed posts people make chronicling their life now and then. Yet oddly it feels kind  off' for me to do the same here now. So I don't know how much to write  I'll just go from the heart. And hopefully something I share helps you or someone else...I've had two different sober stretches previously. I had a two year stretch about four years ago. That one was far harder in the first few months. Yet this time has been the hardest overall especially the past many months by far. It's truly been one day at a time; and many days literally one moment one second at a time. THANK GOD I've read the ODAT (one day at a time) concept on here literally hundreds of times. It seemed like a platitude at first and from the decades of hearing it from AA people I know. Yet reading in the posts of people on here who struggle just like me has driven it home. So thank you to all who've written it. You just don't know who it will help and stick with. Thank you...I'm 47 and have suffered from bipolar II/depression for more than 20 years. And actually probably in high school and college just never diagnosed. I humbly could probably have a doctorate degree in treatments and alternative therapies. I'm a self-educator and found that I've known more about the condition and possible treatments than nearly every  professional' I've worked with (psychologists psychiatrists naturopaths energy healers tons of volunteering/giving money etc. etc. etc.) And I've tried about every treatment known (meds supplements/diet/nutrition energy healing/EFT/EMDR etc. light therapy brainwave entrainment meditation for a decade-plus exercise and on and on and on). Some have helped and I continue as my  core' (diet exercise light meditation) but the depression doesn't go away...And I share all that because the last two months have been some of the worst I've experienced. Suicidal thoughts at times which I've experienced many many times before and have to wait for the depression to lift. My ex of 20 years moved and took our dogs divorce needs to be finalized. And I've had so much anger and frustration because I stopped drinking yet the depression was still there. But  it was there before I started drinking too...I knowingly used alcohol to cope with this depression and the fear anxiety and deep loneliness and isolation that it caused and accompanied it. And obviously I know the alcohol made the depression worse especially the days after I drank. But alcohol didn't cause my depression so quitting hasn't cured it...But in the past few months the cravings hit so hard because I just wanted to numb and escape. I didn't the buzz or initial elation of the alcohol. I just didn't want to feel the pain and loneliness any longer. Yet I knew the alcohol would only be a momentary relief and then I'd be  right back to it' afterwards  only this time with the guilt and shame of having chosen alcohol over the moment. And this is where the  one day at a time' mantra helped me so much. I changed it to  one moment at a time' and literally used it over and over and over the past few months. Like  If I can choose sobriety this one breath I can do it the next.  I didn't even look towards the end of the hour let alone the entire day. BUT and probably JUST AS importantly I did NOT try to avoid bury or escape the cravings either. I did in the early days and weeks of sobriety and this helped a lot then. But probably because I've meditated for 10 years I've learned the old Tony Robbins saying is so so true   Whatever I resist persists.  And in my mind with alcohol cravings this has been very true. So FOR ME it has helped me so so much to actually turn towards the cravings to be with them even welcome them  and treat them as a completely terrified/afraid anxious and alone person. The person I was as a child raised in a traumatic environment and which is still a big part of me. It's funny I now view the cravings as I would if I opened my front door at night time pitch black outside with a thunderstorm dumping rain like a waterfall on my porch/stoop  and there sits a lost/homeless/abandoned dog (in my mind it's a gray/white mutt looking mix between a poodle and lab or whatever the  Benji  dog is) who's sitting there about eight feet away head down yet eyes looking up longingly as if to say  Please just help me. Just love me. I'm so afraid/terrified alone and don't know what to do or where to go.  ..And it's SO EASY to know what to do in that situation. Your innate humanity takes over and you just want to help. The compassion and acceptance take over and you don't even think about judging or ignoring or abandoning. You just have complete acceptance and compassion. THAT   complete self-compassion and then self-acceptance   is what the  one day at a time' concept along with all the healing work I've done has given me  through being with and accepting and even loving and befriending I guess alcohol and the cravings. Realizing in and of themselves they're not bad or evil or wrong. It's just that they end up being bad for me because they're trying to fill a void (loneliness and fear and sadness) within me that they'll never be able to; they simply can't.  So instead of judging demonizing and banishing them (like the fire-and-brimstone Christianity I was taught in my youth that I've finally let go of) or trying bury or outrun them or trying to ignore them like a continuous ring of the doorbell at my front door  I now instead open the door  pause  ACTUALLY ACKNOWLEDGE them  and then befriend them and invite them in. To follow me sit with me or just stay over in the corner where it's warm dry safe; safe from physical attacks moral judgments or emotional/spiritual punishments. And I can   finally   be the  parent' and friend to them and to myself that I never had yet unknowingly longed for every moment of my life...Three books were immensely valuable in this journey the first I've read over and over the past four years.  Learning to Love Yourself  by Gay Hendricks. Then in the past year as I've learned about and began healing all of my internal self-judgment self-rejection and internalized shame that manifested in external coping mechanisms like depression/mood disorders severe codependency isolation/withdrawal and alcoholism   It Wasn't Your Fault  by Beverly Engel. This honestly IS THE BEST SELF-HELP BOOK I'VE EVER READ... and I've read hundreds really. While it's geared towards healing shame and codependency it's really about actually befriending yourself realizing your innate goodness and worth simply because you are a human being and then learning how to actually care for nurture support and encourage yourself for yourself. I think it's PERFECT for anyone struggling with any type of addiction or fear or insecurity. It's truly amazing...BEFORE/AFTER.* I've experienced no weight or fat loss. It's odd considering the amount of calories in alcohol and then the crap food I'd eat. I'm active and lift weights 3 times/week pretty heavy. Played sports into college and have always lifted and exercised since; so for decades. But dropping alcohol has had zero impact on my body composition. I'm 6'0  about 197 pounds. I'm probably 16% body fat  so I could easily do without about 20 pounds of fat. But I've dropped none. It's really really weird. Whatever I wasn't considered about the physical anyway...* Sleep is much much better. Don't wake up during the night. Yet still just as tired in the morning...* I have far fewer soft tissue aches and pains like shoulder and elbow tendons/ligaments. Don't know if alcohol is inflammatory or an irritant or what. But this has been a nice surprise...* I'm FAR LASS judgmental/MUCH MORE accepting of others. And have even more compassion for people struggling especially with alcohol. We never truly know what another is experiencing or why they're in the situation they're in. So often I see the  Benji  dog from my porch in them too. It's helped a lot...* BY FAR the most important change and benefit is this: My self-acceptance self-esteem and pride in me. And finally... I have hope and faith of a better future...I am SO PROUD of myself YET SO GRATEFUL to be here...As I wrote I suffered from so much fear pain isolation and loneliness that I didn't think I could do  it'; remain sober. But I DID. And I feel so much pride and self-love because of it...And I'm filled with the feeling that  If I can do THIS I can do anything. ..The sense of pride even with the depression and loneliness IS SO SO GOOD!..I will   ALWAYS   have this. And it can't be bought nor taken away from me. Ever. It will always be with me within me. And can be called upon any time I need strength compassion or encouragement...And THANK YOU to this Reddit  Stop Drinking  support group. THIS IS THE ONLY SUPPORT I've had. I've never done groups/AA. In fact most people even my family NEVER KNEW I was an alcoholic or how bad and frequent my drinking was. It was hidden and buried me in shame. So this group has been a God send. I WOULD NOT BE SOBER WITHOUT THIS GROUP. Not a chance. So thank you  from the bottom of my deeply deeply grateful heart...Best wishes on your journey and in life. Be kind gentle accepting and loving of yourself. And encourage another in some small way. Because you're worth it. We all are...Thomas Seattle Wash. USA..PS   I underestimated HOW VALUABLE this internal feeling of pride would be. It is truly truly amazing. And support and encouragement I received from this Stop Drinking group helped beyond words. I'll be forever grateful. Thank you..
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations Thomas on your accomplishment. That is wonderful!
I love that you needed a warning and summary because this post was so long haha. I enjoyed it though details are important because there's always info that helps other people in there   x
I love that you needed a warning and summary because this post was so long haha. I enjoyed it though details are important because there's always info that helps other people in there   x
Congratulations! SD is the best. 
Well done to you. These sort of posts keep us all motivated.
Congratulation on 1 year of sobriety !! really liked reading your post  a motivation boost i needed .
Congratulations. Loved your post. I'm a newbie (day 9) I went to Amazon and put all 3 books on my list for my next order.  I loved your Benji analogy for cravings and for others struggling. That was powerful for me. So helpful.   .
Thomas.Congratulations on your daily success story.  
Congratulations on your year.  . I really enjoyed reading this post.   I'm also in my late 40s and a lot of those soft tissue aches and pains have also gone away thanks for reminding me of this. Best wishes. 
Thank you for this post it is super motivating.
