-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jomty/this_is_the_only_condition_where_catching_it/

Ok maybe that's hyperbole and I'm sure there are others. But anyone else noticed this? I've been struggling and at meetings and listening to heaps of other's stories where they lost everything and the voice in my head tells me I don't need to be doing this. And then I think why do I want to lose more or let things get REALLY bad before I think I deserve to let them get better? The number of times I wish I'd started something earlier so it wasn't such an uphill battle now... I can see the monkey on my back now shouldn't I throw it off now before it turns into a crushing gorilla?..I'm just ranting. 
----------immediate responses--------

Absolutely right!  IWNDWYT
That is probably because those doing the assessment also use the drug.  If you sought out the opinions of Mormons or Muslims or anyone who doesn't drink the reasoning would be more in line with other problems.
If it makes you feel any better even after crashing my car into a pole in a blackout and then attempting to kill myself while in the hospital the voice came  maybe I'm just being a drama queen about all this drinking and such; the real problem must be _________ ...That thought pattern is part of the addiction...Annoying AF!
It is crazy. No one would tell someone with stage 1 cancer- let's just wait til it's stage 4 and then see about treatment. Our society in general normalizes alcohol use so anyone wanting to quit is judged as not normal. This is an unhealthy framework. Good for you working to nip it in the bud! Iwndwyt
Do I stop the car *before* it rolls off the cliff into the canyon? .. Or do I wait til I'm at the bottom the canyon before I do something?
You are absolutely correct and in my wildest dreams I did the same thing. Unfortunately I did not.  All the more power to you!  IWNDWYT 
Ding ding ding. You are correct. I'm STILL going through this from family and friends. Notice how many people you will hear this from that are NON-drinkers. Zero. That's the difference. All the people that are saying that to me are at least moderate alcohol users. Stay the course. 
Yes yes yes! I am in the same position to the point that when a young woman posted here the other day about vomiting blood and needing to stop drinking my FIRST THOUGHT was that "boy I kind of wish I had vomited blood then I'd know that I'm a real alcoholic." How messed up is that?! I mean I know I have alcohol use disorder. I know that I'm miserable when I drink. And yet because I never suffered really disastrous consequences while drinking sometimes it's way too easy to lie to myself...It's always a temptation to compare and not to identify with other people's stories. Other people (who don't know my habits) may think I'm overreacting by quitting drinking but I know that it's the best thing for me. You really do not have to reach a certain level of fucked-up-ness in order to quit drinking altogether. Sober on!
It's not just in your head. I literally hear this from other drinkers including my husband. And I've wished many times that something would happen that would validate my experience and let me say okay it's not just in my head I'm really an alcoholic. I crashed the car I was raped my liver exploded. Now people will believe me...Actually I've had similar issues with depression. For a long time I thought that because I couldn't bring myself to attempt suicide I would never be able to get help. I do truly believe that I am worthy and deserving of help for depression these days. ..I don't know why it's been more difficult with alcohol. I almost feel like mental health has been addressed more recently in society followed by "addiction" (meaning other drugs) but modern awareness of alcohol abuse has been lagging.
Totally what happened to me. Even my best friends and they weren't drinking buddies minimized it when I spoke with them about it. I was reasonably successful/functional at the time. No crisis or incidents but my own concern. Definitely wish I had listened to myself and just stopped while I could and/or sought help much earlier. Would have been a lot easier than where I'm at now. Apparently I'm a slow learner. Wish the learning the hard way didn't have to happen in the first place and I had just dealt but whatever I'm doing my damnedest to deal now... in retrospect I believe anyone who "needs" a drink or is drinking to make their self feel better or thinks their drinking "might" be a problem then it's a problem and one best caught early. IWNDWYT 
Well said. My experience is similar. I don't do AA. I read The Naked Mind and it was a game changer. I don't think everyone needs AA. I've used this sub as a sponsor and his worked great. I've let a lot of family and friends in on it as well. To my surprise everyone has been pretty supportive. Just my version of a similar story. Hope it helps in some way. IWNDWYT. 
Rationalizing and minimizing the hold and depth of our problem is a feature of the disorder. This is not a rational disease. It's insidious and it's why once the sobriety is under control it's still a disease. My doctor tells me again and again "Remember this disease is doing push-ups in the background." Which means that even if I'm not in active addiction I can't get complacent about my recovery. ..&amp;#x200B;..From monkey to gorilla is a good way to look at it. Which one do you want to negotiate with? I mean no one would say "Well Gee Mary you're only a little bit pregnant why are you going to the doctor right away and not eating brie?" Or "Stage 1 Cancer? Why the rush? Give it time."..&amp;#x200B;..If you're just ranting you've found some friends who are more than willing to cheer you on. Shoot my own husband thought I was overreacting about my disease. Mostly because he didn't want to pay for care. But there you go. You're not alone in noticing this phenomenon. Most people don't want to contend with the problem drinking can become because giving credence to someone else's problem with alcohol uncomfortably shines new scrutiny on one's own relationship with the drug. And folks don't like that. ..&amp;#x200B;..Ten or twelve years ago I went into meetings when the problem was just a monkey on my back. And golly I was a terrible victim of "gauging out" which is what you're describing when you say comparing one's situation to another's and figuring well I haven't lost everything...yet. ..&amp;#x200B;..I'm so glad that by the time the monkey because a rabid arm swinging beast I checked into a rehab while I still had a job with the insurance to pay for it. Had I gone any longer a month maybe two I could've lost my job for sure. My boss had no idea I had a problem and was shocked when later she found out (the stupid rehab emailed her my medical records--I could've sued but really all I wanted was to stay sober and work and recover). ..&amp;#x200B;..But you know what I thought the minute my boss redeemed me and said she had no idea I had a problem? ..&amp;#x200B;..That maybe I didn't! This after a three month fucking rehab! "My boss didn't know I was a drunk so maybe I wasn't really that bad...maybe I can control it..."..&amp;#x200B;..ARRGGHHHHHHH!!!! See? I'm ranting right along with ya. IWNDWYT.
F that monkey. 
Yep my sister asked me "How bad does it have to get for you to stop?" I knew I had a binge drinking problem even though my "friends" would brush it off as "we're young we're having so much fun you don't have a problem take another shot" blah blah blah. Drinking has caused SO many problems in my life that I ignored/ made excuses for (thankfully no legal problems)  I simply didn't want to quit. But I feel like I have a fresh perspective now.  i don't want things to have to get worse for me to stop things were bad enough already. The problem is a gooooooood chunk of society doesn't know what we know in this community yet. So I feel like that's why people overreact. I'm just happy I'm self-aware and actively trying to better my life.
Completely relate. We have the disease that tells you you don't have it. I frequently think  gosh this is all a bit dramatic  as I go about my several AA service positions that I need to not die. It helps to imagine a newcomer telling me my story would I tell them they're overreacting and should go back out? Fuck no. Save yourself while you still have something to lose.
When you have a bad outlet you don't need to keep plugging stuff into it until something blows up. If you see a problem address it...When I stopped getting drunk my friends told me I didn't have a problem (they were getting drunk too). The concept of getting drunk was trivialized to something as routine as doing the laundry on TV shows and movies. Number one hits on the radio sang about it being a quarter after one they're a little drunk and they need you now. I couldn't escape it...Still I chose sobriety and the only way I could find a path to it was to fly solo for a bit. I'm not telling you to ditch friends (I chose to because I couldn't be around them anymore due to the temptation) but stick to your convictions. If you want to change go after it...We are  behind you all of the way!
So true. I am shocked at how people feel it is overreacting unless you have had catastrophic loss. It's is sad because I think that pushes people toward these tragic life events feeling only then it is ok for them to admit a problem. So many don't even recognize their problem because of the high alcohol tolerance of society and what people consider  normal  drinking. Ethanol is an addictive carcinogenic physiologically devastating chemical. Unbelievable that so many people are surprised when you want to stop putting it in your system so your life can improve in basically every way that matters.
Currently experiencing this myself in trying to get people to take me seriously that I quit and have a problem. Maybe I was really good at hiding things and remaining high functioning and not letting drinking ruin important parts of my life. But I could feel myself teetering so close to that point and didn't want it to happen.
All I can say is that I'm having a hard enough time getting my life on track and I didn't lose anything except for a ton of self respect peace of mind and I hurt a few relationships.  I can't imagine how much harder it would be if I'd let myself slide further into addiction.  It's terrifying really.  I can hardly pay off some modest medical bills and student loans with the fairly good job I have.  I can't imagine what people facing criminal charges serious debt poor credit poor work references etc have to go through.  I'm amazed at how they can turn it around.  And inspired too.  ..So yeah I feel you!  Cocoa cheers to not losing everything.  "Getting" to continue to drink for another year or five until shit really falls apart seems like a bum deal for sure.  
I skipped past your post at first looking for a juicier view in to someone else's life maybe. But after reading it I feel so empowered.  I dont have to loose everything to see all that I can have. Thank you for that.
I was drinking 7 days a week getting blackout drunk just about every single night with weekend binges thrown in for good measure. Sometimes having a beer and/or shot in the morning to lessen the shakes. I was right fucked up (I was in denial about that) marriage on the rocks ( I was in denial about that) performance at work suffering (I was in denial about that...I'm sensing a pattern here...) I was a hermit drinking alone at home. Eventually it caught up to me at work and I had no choice but to admit that I had a problem (truth be told even then I only "admitted" it on the urging of my union rep I still refused to actually admit to myself that I had a problem...that pesky denial again). ..Work sent me to an in-patient rehab program for 6 weeks and when I got there I really felt out of place. Unlike a lot of others there I hadn't lost everything. Quite a few of them had lost jobs marriages family custody of kids etc. There was a good percentage of them who had come straight in from the streets after a 5 day stint in detox and this rehab was the first real roof over their heads in months or years.  Here I was still paying a mortgage still had a job that was actually paying for the rehab and still paying my wage because I was on sick leave. I was still married hadn't become estranged from family etc. ..There I was in a friggin rehab facility scheming on how to beat the system do my 6 weeks go back to work and just go on with my business like it never happened. Me Mr Blackout drunk still thinking that warding off the shakes with a 7am beer and shot before work wasn't an actual problem. Completely in denial about the situation I had created for myself. A few days into the rehab the stark reality of my illness and current situation hit me like a lightning bolt and I had quite the emotional meltdown. Even then though after all that my brain was still trying to convince me that I didn't *really* have a problem. After all *I* still had a house *I* still had a job *I* still had a wife *I* hadn't really lost anything. I felt really out of place and very undeserving of the bed that I had. After all I still had so much and I felt like I was taking up a spot that could go to someone who had a *real* problem (unlike me of course). I mentioned how I was feeling to one of the councilors there and he set me straight with one simple sentence "You haven't lost all of that *yet*"  Such a simple and obvious truth that my alcoholic brain had been working overtime to hide from me. Of course I had thought of that before but something else always popped into my head to brush that thought away because gosh darnit I'm smart I can think my way out of this problem. Hearing it said out loud though so starkly and matter of fact finally managed to get that thought to stick in my head. I was finally able to hold onto the "yet" when my brain was trying to think of excuses and reasons why *I* didn't really need to be there because *of course* I would be the one to break the mold and be able to drink again. ..Today and every day I hold onto that "yet" with dear life. I may not have the debilitating cravings these days but I still have an alcoholic brain that even now will try to assert itself. Just 3 weeks ago it tried to tell me that having a beer (just one...really...) to celebrate 7 months sober was the best idea in the world. It wasn't an overwhelming urge or anything but the thought was there and for a few seconds it sounded like a *really* good idea. After all one wouldn't hurt right? .."Yet". I haven't lost everything "yet".  That thought always brings me back to reality and allows me to tell that little alcoholic devil in my head to go and fuck right off.  ..Listen to the stories in the meetings use them for your benefit. Keep reminding yourself that you haven't lost those things "yet". 
