-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jqwzh/first_weekend_without_drinking/

Hi there! This is my first post on r/stopdrinking and one of my first posts on reddit.  I'm 5 days sober and I've been struggling all day with how I'm going to make it through this weekend especially tonight without drinking. ..Im 24 but I don't really have friends so I usually spend the weekend at home bored. If I try to go somewhere I usually rely on alcohol to give me the courage to be around people. I've been exercising lately which helps but I have shin splints now so I need to take it easy and come up with alternatives. ..Any tips on how to fight the temptation to drink or things I can do to enjoy myself while sober? How can I get out of my comfort zone and make friends without getting drunk in the process?
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 21 and I completely understand where you're coming from. Weekends are hard. I would say start a good tv show that you've heard people talking about read a good easy reading book or play a longer video game (for me it's Skyrim). On weekends I try to make myself a really nice meal from scratch as well. ..As for making friends there are always caf s or meet up groups. I have to keep telling myself that people don't bite and if you say hi to someone their initial reaction will be friendly the overwhelming majority of the time. I find myself hanging out with new friends that I've made since I started trying to get sober a year ago it's nice because there aren't those drinking memories or questions about why I stopped. 
I started going to the gym
It might sound strange but there are really nice people at AA - young ones too. Could be a way to meet people whilst at the same time finding a supportive non judgmental group of people to help you and cheer you along your road of sobriety..I really enjoy podcasts - only just recently got into them.  I'm enjoying the bubble hour (it's more female orientated conversations about sobriety - I love this one!) and recovery rockstars - I LOVE this one..Going to classes at the gym can also be a fun way to meet people. If you stick to the same classes you'll get to see familiar faces which makes it easier to strike up a conversation.  Or joining a sports team?.Just a few ideas.... Stay strong! It does get easier but you have to stick with it bc having to restart the first few weeks sucks 
[removed]
