-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jvu25/feeling_apprehensive_about_tonight/

I've been sober for over six weeks now the longest time in over two decades. Despite my depression I've been doing pretty well and have experienced very few cravings. My resolution has been strong probably largely due to my last relapse being so out of control and the following withdrawal so awful. But **tonight will be the first big test during my current sober stretch**...We've planned a girls' night out for today with my best (well actually: my *only*) friends. Normally this would be something I would've been looking forward to for days and that I'd soon be eagerly getting ready for (it's afternoon here). But that's not at all how I'm feeling right now. My friends have already been gushing about cava and wine planning a playlist for the evening (one of my friends has invited us over to her place) etc. in their WhatsApp messages for days... I just can't get into their frame of mind. What makes this all so difficult for me is that not only am I struggling to stay sober but I'm fighting my depression too (FYI: I'm on medication and in therapy). A part of me just wants to stay at home isolated - as I've been doing so much (too much) lately... I know my friends are worried about me (they know about my depression) because I often fail to participate in our WhatsApp group chats (that's mostly how we stay in touch these days because we're all in our 40s and have... well *they* have... busy lives); I just don't have the energy. So they are likely to ask me well-intended but tiresome questions about how I'm doing. And in addition to having to force myself to be sociable I'll have to say I'm not drinking tonight and stick to it. (All the while painfully aware of how booze would give me the much-needed temporary energy boost to put me in the party mood.)..So I'm facing a situation where I only seem to have two bad options to choose from: ..1) I'll participate expose myself to temptations and put my sobriety at risk. (Even if I've done my best to get prepared and have already bought NA drinks for myself.)..2) I'll stay at home spend the day doing hardly anything (as I've spent so many Saturdays before this one) because nothing gives much me pleasure. I'll maintain my social isolation. (Which will probably only prolong my depression.)..Any thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Hi sober friend. Congrats on your 6 week stretch!..I had to protect my sobriety pretty fiercely that first year...I know that I would not have been up to this challenge. I spent a lot of time on this sub reading and building myself up with the encouragement of others. ..I'd like to gently suggest that since you seem to be feeling shaky you \*could\*  rephrase option 2 as I'll stay home today and spend some time taking care of myself and recharging (in whatever ways work for you. I like a good book a nap a walk and a nice bath some SD reading) and I'll protect myself in these early days from temptation and stress knowing I can rejoin my friends when I am feeling more self-assured and stable (as you will with time). ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
I think its important to socialize in recovery it has helped me feel more connected and less alone.  But I've kept my socializing to daytime activities where no or little alcohol is around.  ..I sympathize with your dilemma.  That sounds like a real party atmosphere.  You could try going with your non-alcoholic drinks but be prepared to leave early if you start feeling like you are going to drink or when you start to feel uncomfortable...Go into the bathroom periodically and check in with Reddit!  But protect your sobriety!  As you probably know alcohol is a depressant and you will feel like crap tomorrow!
I'm getting stressed out just reading your post.  I think we need an option number 3...Option number one:  Nah because it sounds like this is a drug fest.  Did you mean kava?  (I had to google that.)  I just can't envision myself in a situation like that.  I'd have to cave in order to tolerate it...Option number two:  Staying at home and doing hardly anything.  Hmmm.  That would give my mind way too much empty space to ruminate over my worries...Option #3:   Stay home and stay busy.  It has been my "go to" depression buster my whole life.  When my mind is busy concentrating on something other than myself I'm way better off.  And the things I do are simple things.  Currently I am "hooked on crochet."..Love your badge and IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;
Oh gosh I'm really feeling for you! I was similar in terms of not being as sociable on social media or real life etc as friends &amp; feeling very isolated but I ended up being  outed' as having a drink problem after being hospitalised because of my drinking. It wasn't all bad. My friends have since been great. They still arrange massive cocktail evenings but ensure that mocktails are also on offer for me (this can actually be more than a little crap- why would this seem a good idea!?! but their hearts are in the right places. I have long ago accepted that non- alcohol is a problem for me people' just don't get the  alcohol is a problem for me' bit. But why would they?!?) &amp; I always ensure I have a get out clause - I need to be home early tonight because I feel a little under the weather / have to work tomorrow morning / said id feed the neighbours cat at 6am. But it does at least let them &amp; me know we still have contact. It keeps the social bond. I guess the difference is they know it's an excuse but are kind enough not to call me on it. Whatever you decide to do I wish you so much peace love and happiness. And I hope your evening goes well! IWNDWYT! 
Could you say you're not up to the night out partying but offer a plan of lunch or similar instead for the near future? I'm trying to find balance myself of which events are worth going to. When it's something I know I won't have fun at and I know will just make me feel left out and obsessing over alcohol it's not worth it for me to go. But it's easier for me to say "hey I cant make it to X but I'm wondering if you guys want to do Y tomorrow?" it makes me feel better about flaking and also draws the attention away from me bailing/proves that I still want to spend time with them just not at that specific event. Whichever you choose good luck. IWNDWYT. 
