-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9jx9j9/about_four_weeks_in_and/

About four weeks into not touch drink of any sort most the struggle to sleep as stopped and I am sleeping as normal again I have autism so when I don't drink I find my anxiety levels rise and this has been happening a lot lately I plan to counter this with exercise. I am worried about getting triggered in my country it's very normal to drink a lot all the time thus why I post on here because I find no one takes it seriously when I say I am trying to stop drinking.
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on 4 weeks! Exercise really helps my anxiety and sobriety.  Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
An effective and simple strategy at the beginning of sobriety is "dry people and dry places."   ..If certain people are making it more difficult for you to stop drinking then consider avoiding/restricting time with them.  If your friends invite you to a drink-up at the local bar and even if you wholly intend to drink water it is often easier and less stressful to skip the event altogether.  At the beginning of my sobriety I lived like a hermit for the first month or so.  I remember my New Year's Eve:  I went to the movies by myself ha.   Maybe that sounds sad or whatever but to me it wasnt at all.  It was just what I had to do at the beginning.   ..While you might think it's "normal" to drink a lot because you live in ABCland the truth is that drinking a lot isnt normal at all.  There is no truth in popularity.  ..Chances are that you just haven't discovered the people and places where sobriety etc is the norm.  
I'm taking you seriously and congratulations on your 4 weeks!!     I hope you find your measure of peace in exercise it is super good for the soul.  Whenever I walk fast or do yoga and stretching I really do feel better about myself.  For me it's sticking with it that's the issue with getting started doing it as a routine!  I hope you find a good routine.  IWNDWYT 
Congrats. Alcohol generally increases anxiety. My anxiety went up at first when I quit drinking but then tapered off and went away by the time I had 90 days. ..Good luck to you. IWNDWYT 
