-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k1zw7/i_surpassed_100_days_spent_two_weeks_in_europe/

What a whirl the past 14 days have been! My new fianc  and I just returned from two absolutely lovely weeks in London and Paris. ...Although I'm well travelled domestically this was my first time traveling outside the US. Airports and travel used to be huge triggers for me however those have faded but I still found my mind wandering toward the old ways of thinking during times of serious stress. My seat neighbor on our 11 hour flight to London pissed me off a few times by not being mindful of the space he was taking up and I thought about a drink but opted for a tonic instead. I repeated this thoughtful process a few more time on the trip during moments of stress and with all the vacation bells ringing loudly in my head. All was well. ...London was incredible and was somewhat of a Mecca for me being a lover of underground styles of electronic music that flourished in the UK. We went to a day festival in Finsbury Park and I got to see so many legendary artists that it would take me years to see here in the states all in one day and sober. It was cold wet rainy and muddy but my fianc  and I had THE MOST fun...I proposed to my incredible girlfriend of 5 years in Paris on the lawn of the Eiffel Tower as we ate cured meats fine cheese baguette grapes and macaroons all which we acquired from local markets bakers butchers and fromageries.  It was so much fun to finally use the 7 years of French language studies even though I only remembered a fraction of it all. ...While we ate and relaxed she sipped champagne and I sipped sparking Apple cider. I proposed promising to her that I would continue to be the best person I could be for me and for her for the rest of our lives together. As I anticipated she said yes and we rounded out the night sitting along the Seine river sipping more champagne for her and cider for me. ...Later that evening I decided that I would have one drink to commemorate the occasion. I told my fianc  and she warned that this was my decision and that I could do as I please because I am my own person. She also warned of what one drink had lead to in the past. I told her I understood what was at stake. ..We went to an Irish pub where the fianc  had a gin and tonic and I had a whiskey and ginger ale. I drank this drink slowly over the course of a half an hour. I paid close attention to how this made me feel and was mindful of how it affected me. I felt slightly warm in the face and ever so slightly light headed. Nothing that felt good per se. I tallied up all the things that I was feeling and not ONE fell into the positive category in my mental list. While I enjoyed the sentiment of celebrating with a drink I didn't enjoy the actual drink in the slightest. In the end it was a waste of  9. ...I didn't dwell on this but I took it as a learning experience instead and moved on retaining every way of thinking I had before. Drinking is not for me any longer. Plus a head full of AA and alcohol in your stomach is just not fun. At all. ...I'm not resetting my badge because I think a reset or relapse comes down to intent. Yes I drank but I did not intend to get drunk. I experimented and found the results to be what I thought they might be which were that this was no longer for me. The  magic' is gone. ..I returned to the states with a clear head and a mind that's at peace. I'm determined to keep on keeping on and making the most of my life with my family. ..Thanks for listening. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on getting engaged! Sounds like an amazing trip. I would be too scared to try a single drink myself but it was interesting to read your experience. Thanks :)
Congratulations! ..I had a couple of drinks this past weekend while traveling. Even though I was a at a concert I thought to myself "is this drink adding anything to the night?" I realized it wasn't and the next thing I ordered was a water and stuck to those for the rest of the night. ..
I'm 15 days sober but earlier this year I had my first real attempt at sobriety. I went about 3 weeks and then on vacation and decided to have some drinks as it was my anniversary. I think I had about 2.5 drinks in about 6 hours over the night (nothing compared to usual) and felt a lot of what you described. Just a few hours later I had the spins and vomited so hard. I honestly think that my mentality of hating it so much and drinking anyways was so bad for me on an emotional level that my body used stress to just reject it. I ended up going almost 3 months and then slowly started drinking again for a few months and now I'm back for good. 
  IWNDWYT 
