-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k2qf3/struggling_tonight/

I just got back from rehab last week and am at 35 days of sobriety today. I went to a meeting and was looking for another one to go to tonight but there aren't anymore in my area tonight or I would go. I tried to reach out to a number I got from someone at a meeting this week but I haven't heard back. I am struggling with temptations tonight because I got rejected. I'm just really looking for support or ideas to keep my mind off of drinking. It's hard.
----------immediate responses--------

Don't cave think about the amount of progress you've made already! You can do it. I know you can because you have us. 
Your probably having a bad day. ..Remember it's temporary!..You can go to sleep tonight sober and wake up tomorrow proud of yourself! ..Or you can go to sleep drunk and wake up tomorrow hating yourself. ..You can make the right choice. I know you can. 
Hop into the chatroom. It's on the side panel in here...Lots of friendly people who want to talk to you.
Play the tape forward. How are you going to feel in the morning? ..I'm out here not drinking with you tonight. Stay strong.
We can relate to your feelings because many of us have shared your experience.  We are on this recovery path together helping each other move forward.  We know that making it through another 24 is the key.  Can you stay connected here and keep helping others by posting your experience real time?  You already helped me a lot tonight.
Got rejected? That's great! You can practice introspection and actually deal with those feelings instead of putting a band aid on them. Tomorrow you will be just a tad more interesting than today. Drink and nothing good happens. Don't do what feels pleasurable do what is compassionate toward you. 
Hang in there. Rejected for what? A job? A hookup?..There is a lot of history behind the suggestion in AA not to make any big changes early in sobriety. Especially with relationships. There is time for that later. Every serious threat to my sobriety has been due to an intimate relationship. Be careful. IWNDWYT 
I hope this helps. ..I'm at day 1 because I relapsed last night. I woke up with chalk in my mouth a pounding headache disappointed frustrated and out $15. It's just not worth it anymore. It's not FUN anymore. It's a waste of time and money. ..If someone offered you to go on a ride for the amount of money you pay for alcohol and whatever else goes with your night of drinking and told you it only lasts for a little while maybe a couple of hours and how you'd feel tomorrow you'd laugh at them and walk away. ..Besides that and what everyone else has said 35 days is such an incredible accomplishment and you're so close to really seeing and feeling significant changes to your life. Let's do this. IWNDWYT 
Thank you all for your messages last night! They are very much appreciated. I did not drink and I am about to hit a meeting in about an hour. I'm glad I found this group!
