-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k5xu5/i_realise_its_not_the_drinking_i_think_i_miss/

So I've been trying to quit for a few years. I relapse a lot but I know it's okay. I've been figuring out why I drink and what I have to do to start really getting this together...I LOVE being social seeing my friends being fucking losers and going out and dancing. But I drink until I'm obliterated and we all know how it is to forget that we have another day in the week lost to hangovers...I've been so afraid to stop drinking because I feel like I will lose a big part of my life. But I know I'm just going to have to get braver with saying "no thank you" and sticking to it. I have some amazing friends but they're enably as fuck and they binge a lot. I often only ever see them for this sort of thing...I am probably going to talk to them and try and be honest as much as I can that I cripple under pressure. ..I just wanna get better for me and realise I can do all the things I used to just cheaper.
----------immediate responses--------

I drank because once I had/have one I need more. ..I thought it made me social but in hindsight with the clarity of sobriety not so much.....There is no way I can control myself once I have alcohol in my system. Maybe I will be sedate and mannered at dinner. Maybe I will skip dinner completely and come home three days later full of remorse. ..Drinking is Russian roulette and these days I have too much to lose. 
About the alcohol making me social..Me: I'll come to visit you but I wont drink and I might be boring..Friend: Don't worry you are boring when drunk too
Same for me.  I loved the socializing and bonding that came with my drinking lifestyle.  Making fun goofy memories and forming deep connections with others was/is important to me.    Feeling  liked  by others was super important to me.  I'm shy and introverted so alcohol worked wonders.  Until... it didn't.   Ironic how the thing that I used to get close to people is the exact thing that prevented me from really connecting.  Over one year sober and starting to understand what a healthy relationship really is.  Starting to let go of the constant need to be liked by others.   Learning how to make memories (and actually be able to remember them!)without alcohol.  It feels amazing!  IWNDWYT!
