-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k69fc/some_are_sicker_than_others_well_im_one_of_the/

I'll try n keep this as brief as possible...By the time I was 25 I had 4 dwi's. On my fourth I had taken the police on a high speed chase. I had a .48 BAC. I was done. I crashed under a bridge and was blocked in by two cruisers. I floored my car forward smashing one cruiser switching to reverse and flooring it into another cruiser. Forwards backwards forwards backwards until I wiggled myself out of their blockade. I eventually drove my car into a river. My back windshield was busted from ramming the cruiser and my car was quickly filling up with water. I made no attempt to escape I was done. I remember going under and I eventually went unconscious. I woke up above the water in a fireman's arms who had jumped in to save me and was swimming me to shore. I flailed and hit him in the face screaming  why didn't you just let me die!?! ..This was 6 years ago. I was facing prison time but got off with probation and treatment including an additional stay at a halfway house where I spent 7 months. I stayed sober for over two years after that.I ate healthy I exercised. I meditated I did yoga. I went to meetings. I got a phenomenal sponsor. I worked the steps. I went to therapy. I saw a psychiatrist. After all those failed I took part in a ketamine infusion trial with an 82% rate of complete remission which didn't help at all. And in the end I was still an anxious mess who didn't want to live so I did what I know how to do and I picked up. It's been years since...From the second I wake up to my hour n a half commute to work n back between my 8 hours spent at work to going HARD the second I get home to when I wake up in the middle of the night I am a bottomless pit. I can fill it with anything possible but it's stopped working. I'm no longer feeling the effects no matter how much I drink. It's like a fail safe mechanism went off in my brain n is preventing me from getting fucked up...My question is how have some of you done this? In my days of sobriety I know many people who were like me upon starting. Anxious irritable depressed hopeless etc. But as time went on I saw them grow. I saw them ease into socialization. I saw them become happy. This never happened for me. This never happened at my long term stay in treatment across the country 10 years ago. It never happened in my year n a half spent in treatment 6 years ago. It never happened in the following two years when I was doing everything I possibly could to get well going to meetings step work self care etc. I feel like my brain is just broken and I'm just one of the one who will never get this...I don't know what I'm asking or what I'm hoping for out of this. Just looking for some encouragement I guess. Thank you...Tl;dr - I found sobriety before. For years. I did everything that was asked of me n more. Meetings therapy meditation exercise dieting sponsor/stepwork psychiatry etc. In the end I was just as miserable as when I started. Feeling like my brain is broken from all the drinks n drugs and there's no coming back from the place I'm at now. I remember the day I felt a switch occur a literal switch. The drinks n hard drugs had effectively changed the way my brains worked forever. Is there coming back from this place or am I doomed?.
----------immediate responses--------

Have you ever heard of The Sinclair Method or considered trying it? 
&gt;Feeling like my brain is broken..I felt this way too. I truly felt I was a hopeless case. However since being near death and being forced to quit (which I DID NOT want to do) I have learned two things: 1) the "facts" I tell myself about myself are often simply not true and 2) that both my body and brain have shown themselves to have an incredible capacity to heal if I give them half a chance...&gt;I saw them become happy. This never happened for me...Sobriety did not open the gates of heaven and let me in. It opened the gates of hell and let me out. I wish this for you too.
I'm really not one to give advice but I wish you the best. Just my opinion but maybe a meeting a day will help you get sobriety going. Just going there and listening you might hear something you need to. Safe travels buddy
