-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k7je9/blatant_selfishness/

I posted this on the Friday Vent-o-Matic this week but it was quite late when I posted so I think that few people saw it.  I usually try to avoid being blatantly selfish but right now I'm in a pretty bad place and I'm hoping that maybe I can get a couple more responses about this experience that has haunted me nearly every day since New Year's Eve.  You can flame me if you think I deserve it - of course I need to know when I am stepping out of bounds - but...Well here goes...\-----------------------.. This is a vent that has been almost ten months in the making (the dialogue below occurred on this past New Year's Eve):..\-----------------------..&lt;TV commercial spokesperson&gt;: "If your life is spinning out of control because of drugs or alcohol you may need help. Call..." (and so on)..&lt;Father-in-law&gt; (Standing about five feet from me--and he *knows* that I am trying to be in recovery): "Yeah maybe you need a bullet in the head." (This was directed at the TV)...&lt;Me&gt; (in my head not actually spoken): *Oh so you're saying that your son's wife of just over six months ought to go commit suicide along with all the other useless human garbage aka addicts? Well I'm sorry. I tried that a few times when I was younger but it didn't pan out. And here I thought that maybe if I could get recovery right I might still have something worthwhile to offer the world. Thanks for setting me straight on that father-in-law.*..\-----------------------..EDIT:..I still feel like maybe I should tell him how this felt for me and how it *still* makes me feel but what would be the point?..As a side note he has *always* used the word "alcoholic" as a synonym for "worthless terrible person." For example when he hears or reads about people doing something really contemptible--like exploiting elderly men and women who are struggling to stay alive on nothing but Social Security and Medicare--he typically says "Unbelievable. Nobody cares. These douchebags are probably all a bunch of alcoholics."..\-----------------------..EDIT 2:..I live with my husband my father-in-law my husband's grandmother and our three cats. At least it will be three cats again once my baby girl Fiona makes it home (she's been missing since Sunday night)...\-----------------------..EDIT 3:..(As soon as that thought hit me after my father-in-law's brililant quip I rocketed off the couch and spent the rest of New Year's Eve upstairs *alone.* My husband who is normally wicked supportive and sensitive just stayed on the couch downstairs next to his cousin until like 1 AM. At least no one was drinking in our home that night. Godsfuckingdammit ***I*** wanted a drink after this scene though. How fucked up is that?!?!?!)
----------immediate responses--------

While you are right and your father-in-law is wrong I strongly doubt you will ever get any kind of resolution from bringing this up with him. ..Do you go to therapy? Talking it through with someone else might help dissipate some of that anger and help you find serenity about "things you cannot change."
I wanted a drink after *everything*.  That's what I was used to doing though.  I had started drinking because of a certain person's actions.  Their awful actions.  Well that person is still awful and I could have handled the whole series of unfortunate events they instigated much better if I wasn't drinking over things... in hindsight.   Sorry you get to spend every day with a cynic.. drinking or not drinking will likely not change your opinion of him but not drinking definitely allows me to feel more grace and calm in life.  I can really since the difference now when I get stressed out I'm panicking over it less.  I can see different approaches I might take and ways to help the situation get a better resolution.. anyways not drinking has helped me so much I can't even explain it fully.  I wish the same peace of mind for you.  IWNDWYT  
Many people do not understand addiction. They will say insane stuff like "just drink less" and have this stereotypical view of alcoholics as total down-and-out losers. Unfortunately such people often cannot be educated. When confronted they tend to say "I didn't mean you" or "I don't see you as an alcoholic". Their behaviour cannot be controlled...However what I can control is my reaction. I can choose to continue being pissed off about things I cannot change or I can choose to accept them as they are. The former raises my blood pressure and is a trigger for me (hAlt). It leads to resentment and self-pity. The other allows me to remain calm and practice patience. Of course I'd rather things went my way but if they don't it's not the end of the world (or the end of my sobriety).
