-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k7t68/relocation_depression_relying_on_spouse_too_much/

Good morning! Day 3 here. I'm not sure if anyone else feels where they live is a big issue? I moved to a larger city with my husband because he likes it and thought it would make him happy (his brother &amp; friends are here). I was very happy where I was living- perfect job nice people beautiful area forest and mountains nearby room to breathe. Life was pretty close to perfect. As soon as I moved my drinking spiraled I started getting cluster headaches again from stress I lost my job. My commute went from 15 minutes on country roads to 40-50 minutes of hell on the highway. There's not one thing I like about living here. I feel closed in here. He doesn't see it and loves it here. He said to move if I don't like it meaning me not us.  I've come to rely on his company too much with all the things I was doing to keep me happy &amp; sober gone. I don't mind change that's not the issue. I originally moved from the city to get away from the riff raff and noise 15 years ago. I wasn't drinking at the time. Moving here has the worst decision I've made. It's been two years so I doubt I'll ever like it. Struggling to stay happy. Anyone else dealing with or have dealt with relocation issues? Trying to hang in there until moving is an option.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm not dealing with relocation issues. But I am dealing with a spouse that doesn't recognize or prioritize  my health and happiness.  I see similarity in our spouses treatment of us. Was he incredibly unhappy in your old home? Or is this just a preference?  A person that cares deeply for you will meet you halfway  compromise at least. Your biggest priority has got to be your own health. Without your health you won't have life. Without life you won't have a relationship with him anyways.  .I'm so sorry for your troubles. I hope you can become healthy and happy. I hope I can too.
I moved with my SO work 3x.  When he was laid off I was all for selling everything and moving. ( I am not thrilled with where we are.) He wanted to stay so here we are far from family and friends.   I can't say my drinking increased because of this I would have drank anywhere anytime.  Now that I am trying not to drink it has put a strain on our relationship.   He doesn't have his drinking buddy anymore which I think has increased his drinking.  Viscous cycle. .IWNDWYT 
Yup. Moved to a large city because my husband wanted to. Far from family and friends. Had kids then my husband left me. That was 25 years ago and I am still stuck here because it's my  kids home and my career is here. Regrets - you bet. I still feel stuck between two worlds - and it is that dissonance that led me to drinking too much. My advice to younger me: stay true to yourself - it's all you really have. 
