-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k88d9/i_give_up_i_am_so_defeated_this_morning_i_have/

The title pretty much says it all. I had a good sober streak this summer and I have relapsed really awfully. I think I need help and I don't know where to start
----------immediate responses--------

I guess it starts by reaching out like we are. I too am defeated tired of losing and need a pointer to get started.
Even though I'm not the biggest AA fan I do go to meetings from time to time when I'm feeling especially triggered. I find meetings can be a crap shoot depending upon the crowd it attracts though. ..My other suggestion would be to look into treatment options. If inpatient is too much of a leap what about out patient programs? I've done it all and they do help. Creating a system of accountability will definitely help in earlier sobriety...Also don't beat yourself up. I relapsed literally hundred a of times in the last 9 years and I'm all too familiar with the feelings of anxiety and regret. What's most important is that we are alive and are willing to try and put down the bottle again. Start that new streak today...Keep your head up. Feel free to shoot me a message if you need.
I think the *what to do* part is probably the easiest part of the whole equation. What you *do* is you stop drinking. The hard part is finding a *why* and a *how* to justify and make possible   the *do.* ..Finding the why and the how is the ultimate struggle of alcoholics. Some find it in AA through finding a higher power working the steps working with other alcoholics. Some find a how like gardening something to occupy your time until the Why becomes abundantly clear. This is a good place to talk to other alcoholics both those just starting on their journey and those who remember the early days through nostalgic glasses about their how's and why's...For me I tried AA and other recovery things and nothing ever clicked mostly because I didn't see the value in stopping. Circumstances forced me to give stooping a better look and I dove into my work with a new vigor for my how. The why became increasingly obvious I (and this is certainly not unique to me I challenge you to find a sober alcoholic who disagrees) am a far better version of myself when I don't drink. For me that was enough to justify remaining sober. ..Find your how find your why. Lean into this community and the others that you find. If you're willing to listen people will talk your ear off about how they got sober.
This was my pattern for years.  It is very defeating and baffling and frustrating.  What worked for me was seeking help from a professional.  I started (and still go to) addiction counseling I joined IOP (Intensive Outpatient Program) started family counseling with my husband and started going to AA meetings.  For me the key was learning about my disease and learning how to forgive myself for the things I did when I was drinking.  We live with such shame and negative self-talk for so long that we literally need to "rewire" our brains.  And I needed help learning how to do that.  Lastly I had to be WILLING to make changes in my life big changes.  Whatever path you choose to get sober I wish you all the best.  
Be kind to yourself tonight tomorrow asking for help is the first step to helping yourself tell your friends and family you want to stop ask for their help. The first step is the hardest
I find AA or Smart recovery meetings to be helpful. It made me unable to continue believing the lies I told myself about how I was fine and things were ok. This was painful and very difficult but it ultimately lead me to where I am now; I'm coming up on 1 year sober this week. Whatever you do don't pick up that first drink. If you can't do that at this point you may want to consider some treatment.
The way I got help was by getting up and trying things that had helped others. I went to AA meetings where I met lots of people who had experience with how to stay sober. There's no way I could have found what works for me unless I had been willing to try. What can you try that you haven't tried yet?
I've been on and off all summer too. The longest I made it until now was 4 days and now I'm a week in. It's worth it it's just so hard to start. I recommend reading This Naked Mind. It's helped me stay in perspective this week. And most of all just keep trying. It's OK to fail but you must keep trying. 
I consider myself to be a chronic relapser. Maybe you feel the same way. My best advice is to keep yourself occupied at all times and focus on not drinking in small increments. For example you could challenge yourself to go the next hour without drinking the next day etc. I don't know what your habits are but it feels much easier to stay sober if you break things down into small parts. At this very moment I'm craving alcohol but I come here instead and read others' posts since they are often dealing with the same thing. So many awesome people on this thread have stayed sober and I know you can too. Best of luck!
