-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9k9y4o/what_stopping_drinking_does_for_your_friends/

I don't know if it is a coincidence but 3 significant people in my life have decided to have a break from alcohol. My dad said he was so challenged by my decision not to drink that he is going to join me. My sister and brother in-law have decided to do Ocsober. I don't think this one was necessarily me but I am on holidays with them and I would normally be sinking bottles of wine with them. I think a lot of people are really wanting permission to have a break from alcohol. You quitting does that for them. .For those of you on struggle street today - you rock the fact that you are here and part of this subreddit is such a healthy sign. You are heading in the right direction and IWNDWYT!  I might even feel like it today - I am surrounded by 5 kids under 7 and it is going to be a hectic family day - I'm pretty sure we are having lunch at a winery. All the social triggers will be there but there is no freaking way I am having a drink! 
----------immediate responses--------

Yep.  When my brother stopped drinking i was appalled  but then it gave me space to consider this choice for myself.  His whole vide was calmer his skin was so..i dont kniw youthful?  And hes such a tough guy and he stopped...it was so impressive
It's contagious! ..I got the idea to stop when my sister mentioned that one of my brothers quit a year ago and that she had switched her nightly wine to NA wine. ..It was seeing that other people could do it without it being a big production that made me realize I could try to stop too. 
My brother is 7 years sober my sister is over one year sober and another sister cut out alcohol just before me. I'm one of eight children at one time we all smoked now none of us do. Here's hoping one day we'll all be sober :)..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
When I quit my wife -- who drank about three glasses of wine a month -- quit in solidarity with me. Amazing...My brothers took a good hard look at their own drinking and I believe they rightly determined that their drinking was not like the problematic drinking I did...I knew a guy in AA who used to say "And to all the newcomers I have good news and bad news. The good news is you're going to make a lot of new friends. The bad news is it's us."..Cheers friends.
 Struggle street ..I like that. The name not being on it...IWNDWYT
When you improve your life you unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Yep.  A friend of mine admitted she'd been drinking every night out of stress.. and now she isn't.      
Have fun! 
I partially quit bc my boss had quit. If he could then I could too. I kept going even after he restarted. 
One of my drinking buddies quit 6 months after I did. The issue is never talked about we are just two guys now. I see him less I'd see him EVERYDAY at the bar then my house or his for more. I see him about every 3 months now we will drop by eachothers house when we see one mowing the lawn or something. About to hit 4 years.
Yes! My  beer league  hockey team regularly brings NA for after the games now!!!
My father a once daily drinker has significantly cut back his drinking as a result of my quitting. I never pressured him or told him he needed to but he was quite interested in my decision to go alcohol free so I guess I planted that seed!  
