-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kd47r/relapsed/

Well last night I relapsed. I was at a rowdy bar with friends (I know sober people sober places but I'd been out before and never had the urge to drink) and I had two beers. Less than I usually would have (much less actually)  but more than I committed to when I went sober 3 weeks ago. ..What I found was enlightening though it has confirmed drinking isn't  not for me. All I got was a little buzz a craving for more and what seemed to be a heightened emotionality (anger easily etc).  Now the day after I'm stuck with the self-loathing depression and lethargy. ..So although I relapsed I see a silver lining it has proven me right in choosing to commit to the sober life. It just ain't fun no more.  ..Thanks for listening to me ramble I just felt I needed to get it off my chest. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Good job getting back on track.  It is a good thing to reinforce your convictions and set your mind toward a goal without the wavering second guessing.  
Do you have a sober support system or program?  None of us can do this alone...Alcohol is cunning baffling powerful -- and the "addiction center" of your brain will sometimes take over.  By going into a bar with people who are drinking it's bound to happen until you have some real sober time.  (For me it was 18 months before I could be around it and even then only in small doses.)  As a friend of mine says "If you keep hanging out in a barbershop sooner or later you're going to get a haircut."..Relapse is often part of the process.  I did it off and on for 20 years and what a waste.  But now I live with an active alcoholic (brother) who always has beer around and have no desire for it.  But I have AA meetings and people I can call if the urge hits...The goal is to wake up each day and say "Today I don't have to drink."  At the end of the day I say thanks to my higher power that I did not drink.  
Thank you I feel the same way.  Although I haven't relapsed since I started this time (44 days so far) I did take a break about 18 months ago for 40 days and after it was over I started drinking again and I came to a similar conclusion.  Of course it took me another year and a half to listen to that conclusion but I just got to the point where I wasn't enjoying it at all anymore.  I was bummed by this realization because I really wanted to be able to maintain a drinking lifestyle I just wanted to be able to cut it down.  I never could even when I wasn't enjoying it anymore.  So here I am and I have no regrets at all!  Congratulations on verifying your commitment to sobriety!  Perhaps you just had to dip your toe in the water again just to make sure that it's as cold as you remembered.
Ambushed by Alcohol..Don't be hard on yourselfyou now know what a "crafty" enemy alcohol is.
Every time I relapsed I knew it was a good thing.  Made me stronger.  This is because they were one time relapses and I have to make sure that I don't use that as an excuse!
