-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kdt1t/drinking_makes_me_an_asshole/

I have been struggling with alcohol for a couple of years now. I feel that it became my crutch and I has stopped really processing my life and relationships and emotions and would replace that with drinking...The love of my life left me because I would drink and turn on him. It happened again this week. I was at a user conference for work and there was a lot of alcohol around and I didn't hold back. I lost him again and I lost myself again...I'm sick of diving into the hole and letting the alcohol take over. I'm sick of waking up hungover. I'm sick of making mistakes that make me sad. I realized that it doesn't need to take waking up in jail or in the hospital to acknowledge that alcohol is bad for you and your life...I'm choosing not to drink today and I'm pretty sure I'll choose the same tomorrow...As someone who has drank for the past decade can you offer me any advice on getting started? I've let some friends know my intentions who I have affected with drinking. I have connected with friends who are sober and I feel more ready than ever to make the change. However I want to make this work and not forget how I feel today and why I want this...Thank you everyone!
----------immediate responses--------

Telling people I was quitting or had quit was a big step for me too. I also went to AA meetings and read This Naked Mind which helped me start to recalibrate...Other things I'd recommend- find other drinks you like so you can have something non-alcoholic at hand. I used coffee and sparkling water/club soda as replacement drinks. ..I'd also recommend you find ways to keep yourself busy - gym sober hobbies whatever. Helping you stay away from boredom and set sober habits can go a long way...Hope we keep seeing you around here! IWNDWYT:)
Welcome!  Reading helped me a lot.  And writing too.  I read *This Naked Mind* and found it incredibly helpful.  I like blogs and memoirs too.  I find that writing (short journal style notes to myself or posts on this sub) helps keep my conviction to not drink alcohol stay front and center in my life.  This sub helps me a lot. And tons of seltzer water. ;)
"The only thing I have to do today is not drink."  Remember that.  This is how I got through a lot of exhaustion irritability and crankiness.  I have never eaten ice cream and pizza every day for 3 days without feeling like a piece of shit for doing it.  Not this time.  I did whatever I wanted guilt-free.  3 hour naps in the middle of the day?  Check.  Not cleaning the house or putting away the dishes for a week?  Check.  Not getting out of my pajamas for the entire Labor Day weekend and watching 80 million hours of TV at the same time?  Check and check.  It felt great.  I mean I actually felt like crap most of the time but the only thing that mattered was that I wasn't drinking.  I got through the beginning and now my energy levels are starting to return.  I don't necessarily want to eat ice cream or pizza.  I want to go to the gym.  I want to eat a salad.  I want to get out of my pajamas and go out into the world.  For me (and this might not be for everyone) I needed to sulk and feel sorry for myself for awhile with NO GUILT.  Guilt always made me want to drink so I cut it out of my life completely.  
Welcome - I resonate with this because it is similar to my own story and why I am here. I can't control who I become when I drink. Loss of control over your mood/stability and perceptions over your own memory and behaviors is terrifying in any context. I wouldn't want to experience Alzheimers so why would I put myself in the position of having a blackout? I don't have any specific advice since this path is both new and familiar at the same time. All I can tell you is what I have planned to do today which is just simply avoid pouring a glass. If we can do that we will be ok. I have a busy day ahead otherwise and absorbing myself into productivity feels like a form of redemption. Posting and reading here has also really helped. I did not drink last night and IWNDWYT.
My tip is to focus only on today. I don't drink today and that is all. No negotiation: my only job is to get to the end of this day. Not to "quit drinking." That's too abstract and big for me. But I *can* get through this day without drinking. And I *can* see those days get stacked as I focus only on the present day and beat it and I *can* now say that I quit drinking. But at first I couldn't have big concepts and enormous goals bearing down on me and seeming all daunting. I just had to do what was before me that I knew I could accomplish: this day. I will not drink with you today.
