-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9kg7hg/whoops/

25 days sober and I thought    Surely I can moderate I'll just be a weekend drinker.. easy'..Had a bit of a drink with the sense of relief and excitement etc which surely had turned into a full relapse of binge drinking for 3 weeks...Nothing but panic attacks and anxiety and having to drink just to suppress all that..It was a roller coaster ride of just pure chaos...Took a trip to the hospital to get checked and came home with some Valium. I am safe again...Tomorrow is a new day and I feel soo determined to stay on track this time...I had learnt a much valuable lesson...IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back! I'm glad to read that you sought medical attention. Do you have a plan in place going forward?
Yep I have an appointment with the drug and alcohol councillor that I had seen today for a follow up...There is a 2 week program held at the hospital for relapse prevention strategies and knowledge...I'm certain I will be getting a copy of  This Naked Mind' from my local book store to read up on...The biggest thing for me as well is going to volunteer at a soup kitchen getting out of the house more will help tremendously...Thanks for the response.
&gt;I had learnt a much valuable lesson...Some of us have to learn that lesson many many times before it begings to sink in... I sincerely hope this was the last time for you!..&gt;I feel soo determined to stay on track this time...Good on you! And yes: tomorrow is a new day - where you'll have the chance to make better choices for yourself...IWNDWYT...
Back on day one myself! IWNDWYT. Those pesky little "I can drink in moderation" thoughts are horrible demons. ..Clearly I can't moderate. Which is why I downed a fifth of whiskey and proceeded to break two glasses fight with my husband and make a really embarrassing Facebook post. Currently browsing through the text and messenger conversations I forgot I had and am cringing harder with each one. ..You'd think the embarrassment alone from one of these nights would have been enough to make me quit. I guess it took about five hundred hungover mornings reading through texts I don't remember sending praying there's nothing too bad in them. ..No more moderation for me! 
