-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9klmy0/my_life_story/

Hi fellows!..I'm a 36 year old addict and alcoholic from Amsterdam The Netherlands. Today I'd like to introduce myself and share a bit of what I've gone through and am going through. This might be a long one I'll add a tl;dr at the end. But I feel the need to share so thank you for reading. Also English is not my first language so forgive me any errors...The summer of 2012 would be a good starting point for this post. That was the first time I had to come to terms with my addiction. Which I then refused. Drugs and alcohol had been a part of my life for a long time since I was about 13 years old. Lots of beer weed MDMA coke speed shrooms LSD tons of research chemicals you name it I used it. And all of this under the guise of having fun and partying. I was kind of the guru of drugs to all my friends people came to me with questions I guided them through first times I knew what I was doing always had the right stuff the best dealers the wildest stories and always gave the appearance that everything was under control. Which it wasn't...By 2012 I'd been on a GHB bender for about half a year and at the peak I was redosing every 25 hours 24/7 day and night to prevent going into withdrawal. It was total hell because I tried to combine this with my consultancy job my relationship lots of partying and keeping my habit a secret to everyone. I didn't sleep had regular anxiety attacks ODs at work and in traffic had run-ins with the law ended up in the hospital; I felt that I was losing control and I was completely alone in this battle. Until one day I lost the battle. I cooked this stuff myself in the kitchen but I noticed too late that my supply was running low. Then the deliveryman with precursor came a day late and I ran out. With the onset of withdrawal my anxiety got the better of me I became completely paranoid and I saw no other way than to spill the beans and explain all my increasingly strange behavior of the last months. My girlfriend was devastated that I had been lying to her for so long. We knew nothing about addiction at the time were both deeply in denial and convinced that it was just that drug that fucked me up. It would be a matter of kicking the habit and moving on. The breach of trust however prompted my girlfriend to kick me out of the house for the time being to give herself time to think...I stayed at a friends place who was away on a trip for a few weeks. This was the perfect situation for me to start using even more OD-ing a number of times and nearly killing myself twice while drowning in self pity. Concerned friends saw that I would not survive this for much longer and convinced me to get treatment. I got into a high care detox facility (GHB is one hell of a habit to kick) and walked out of there a few days later as a new man! I had given myself and everyone around me a big scare but I was really none the wiser. I vowed that I would never touch GHB again (which I didn't to this day) but was pretty sure I had just messed up with one substance and otherwise I was doing fine. Denial is such a fascinating thing. My girlfriend forgave me I managed to keep my job and life went on with plenty of drugs and alcohol. I even celebrated the day I came out of detox ..Fast forward to one year later. I'd  completed' the life style training (CBT) at my local rehab center but never took it very seriously. Alcohol which had always been abundant started to become more of a problem filling up the void that GHB left behind. It made me hate myself less. It helped me be the person I thought I was especially in social settings. My anxiety was rampant and alcohol helped me sleep and get through the worst moments. But it all slowly stopped working and became the problem that I was trying to solve with it. It interfered with work too such extent that I messed up an important six figure project and my boss told me to stay at home for a while to get my shit together.  ..This was were it went further downhill. Without a job that required at least some control over my drinking I started drinking in the morning. Part shame and in part because I wanted no one to interfere with my habit or take my drink away I again kept all of this a secret. This proved a lot harder with alcohol but I just lied a lot and somehow pulled it off. Until my 32nd birthday. I don't even really remember what happened but my poor girlfriend found out I'd been drinking a whole lot more than I'd told her she found bottles hidden around the house everywhere and when she confronted me I decided that I would be best if I left her after 55 years  She'd be better off without me which was true but I'm afraid my reasons were much more selfish. I wanted to be alone with my booze and destroy my life...With my last reason to stay somewhat sober removed I upped my alcohol intake to as much I my body could take.  I found a bed in a basement with no windows and stayed there with my bottles. My family worried a lot which annoyed my so I wanted nothing to do with them. My friends stayed around but I was not a very nice person to spend time with. It was a very dark time. And slowly I started to realize that I had a serious problem. I was very lucky to have a lot of friends who weren't drinking buddies. They stayed with me for a long time and expressed serious concern. They'd practically carried me to a clinic once and didn't want a similar situation to occur. It turned out to be too late for that but at least they convinced me that I couldn't go on like this. The same rehab center that had treated me a year and half earlier admitted me to crisis detox where they fixed me up. I felt totally out of place with all the junkies there (are you kidding me??) and vowed to never drink again because I didn't want to wind up like  them'. I was an arrogant asshole...By the time I got back to the real world I felt strong and fresh and I knew had dodged a bullet. I found a new home a new girl (it's worth mentioning that ever since I'd turned 17 I had never been single for longer than a few weeks daisy chaining long term relationships. Women are definitely a part of my addictive behavior) returned to work and life was good. So good that I was pretty sure that a few beers now and then wouldn't hurt. Especially when I was stressed out. Sobriety lasted for about 25 months. The sneaking and hiding and lying started again. Things went downhill pretty fast. My new girlfriend had seen something in me and she decided to support me. We discussed options and I went to rehab again. This time for three months in South Africa. This is where I learned about denial. And acceptance. And the 12 steps. And I found out that all of the things I'd been telling myself were damaging.  Everything I thought was normal was sick. I finally saw all the messed up patterns I was locked up in. I was broken down to the bare bones and had to learn to walk again. I desperately tried to hold on keep all the darkness locked up inside me but eventually the counselors found ways to open me up. And it hurt. And I had nothing to ease the pain with. It was terrifying. All my life I was convinced that feeling  bad' emotions was something to be avoided at all cost. As a young kid I rationalized all sadness and anger and fear away. Later I added weed and booze into the mix. And medication. I simply didn't understand that emotions are part of life and are there to tell you something. They had to go away. Always. And whenever I felt happy I would cling to that desperately. And here I was 10.000 km from home alone with all my dark secrets realizing I was in big trouble and had no clue how to deal with life. I also got into fights with a lot of the other clients. Probably because I was an asshole and I was  also a little unlucky with the group dynamics and quickly became the scapegoat that a lot of people need when in rehab. So I felt horrible and resorted to the only sedative left to me: women. Somehow cheating in this situation seemed to be a great idea. Man the lengths I would go to. In this clinic we had to hand in our phones and we weren't allowed to go outside the premises except under supervision. Addicts being addicts they can be really inventive when they want something. So I found my ways. I would use Tinder in the hour a day we were allowed to use our phones to call our SO and family. When we had outings I would manage sneak away to hook up with a South African woman. The relationship lasted the second half of my stay there...Apart from the infidelity I actually learned a whole lot that time and I came back as a changed man. Brutal honesty was new for me and I told myself the cheating was just a way of saying goodbye to my old life. I left that secret in South Africa and started my new life by celebrating New Years Eve of 2015 with my girlfriend back in the Netherlands.  I finally took matters into my own hands. I changed everything that needed changing. I went to loads of meetings did my steps had a sponsor. I realized how much time and energy all the drinking scheming and feeling miserable had cost me. I picked up hobbies and sports started enjoying the little things became productive again at work (my employer still supported me so somewhere along the way I must've done something right). Things were looking good. And then my girlfriend found out I had cheated. I had proven to her that I was a sociopath and she vowed to destroy me. This was not an empty threat. She actually went and did it. She knew exactly which friendships had suffered when I was in active addiction and where trust was an issue. She knew my job situation was precarious. She knew my family still wasn't convinced about my new life and worried themselves sick. She managed to get me kicked out of my house. And then sold or destroyed all my belongings. In a matter of weeks I was left with nothing but a few clothes in my backpack. I did not stay sober. After 9 months I told the world fuck you called an old dealer and bought a shitload of booze. Somehow I always relapse in summer preferably during heatwaves. Oh how I despised the daily trips to the supermarket through the blistering heat with all the pretty and happy people in the streets of Amsterdam. I hated them all. I went into complete isolation. Until once again my friends came knocking on my doors. By now I knew the drill and I got myself sober with some benzos and a little help.  ..If there's one thing I was great at in those days it was rebounding. I detoxed found new purpose and energy a new home new girl new job. I moved to a quieter city close to Amsterdam. I built a new home with my own hands worked my ass off and did everything to prove that my ultimate fuck up was not part of who I was now anymore. I realized that I used women to boost my confidence give that bit of love that I was unable to give to myself. I needed to be admired  I knew that if I wanted to grow personally I had to do this on my own. I seriously had no idea what would be left of me if I didn't have a girl around who told me I was worthwhile. So I decided to find out. The girl I was with then was probably the best thing that had ever happened to me. She was so nice clever hot independent supportive and she loved me. But I knew that I had to be alone for the first time ever. So I broke up with her after a year. It hurt and it was unfair to her but I think I finally did something right.  ..This was also the first time that I hit 1 year sobriety. Which was in summer. My least favorite season. Everyone is so in your face happy. There's festivals people BBQing in parks celebrating life and staying inside while the sun is shining is viewed as a crime in my country. I suffer from depression and I guess that the feeling of missing out on the fun and on life in general is strongest in summer. In autumn and winter most other people are just equally miserable and in spring I'm usually quite hopeful. What I'm trying to say is my one year sobriety never became much more than that. My new job was extremely challenging and I saw the danger in this so I talked to my manager a few times but the tension kept building up. I had set rather high standards for myself I was eating extremely healthy exercising a lot went to therapy did a lot of kite surfing. I guess I missed the red flags that this was too much and when I just desperately needed to unwind I knew only one way. I'm also good at setting myself up for failure which played a part. And it was over 30 degrees Celsius outside.....My relapses always went like this: within just two or three days I'd be drinking 3-4 liters of wine or 1 liter of vodka or 10 liters of beer drinking 24/7. Waking up drinking as much as I could get into my system go into coma rinse repeat. Curtains closed only get out of bed to get new drinks. I would completely stop eating and no longer take care of myself. There was no way to get in touch with me I didn't even call in sick for work. This was my new job so until then they were not aware of my addiction. But they were incredibly supported when I got sober and told them. Actually almost everyone I have ever met was supportive and understanding which is quite mind blowing if you look at how shitty I behaved a lot of the time...After this relapse came a time where I found it hard to stay sober for more than a few months. I left my job went to travel the world met the woman of my dreams in India. She was Nepalese I wanted to bring her to Europe which turned out to be problematic so I decided to emigrate to India. The easiest place for us both to get a visa for. Being high on love kind of made me forget I was an addict with depression and an anxiety disorder and moving to the other side of the world was a bit more than I could chew off.  It caused my 4th relapse in about 9 months since the last one I described. We decided together that India was not the best place for me to be in and that I still needed more time to get my shit together. We tried long distance for a while but I was way to insecure and it did not bring out the best in me. In the end we decided we couldn't be together. On June 1st of 2017 I sobered up for what I feel is the last time. It has been one year and four months today and something has changed. The last year has been really shitty and I have had plenty of challenges but I never felt the need to drink. It just doesn't appeal to me anymore. I still want to run away from difficult situations and hard feelings but I don't use substances any more. This is really big for my. It has been such a long and bumpy road but for the first time I'm confident that I can stay sober. I've been to 8 different clinics and rehab facilities I did CBT DBT 12 steps Schema therapy practice mindfulness and white knuckled through the hard times on pure will power. Also I'm on disulfiram which I take twice a week on camera while I Skype with my sister. So yes I'm sober. And I'm still a mess. So bear with me for the last chapter my sober life...When I got sober for the last time I realized that I was not fit to do this thing called life all on my own. I went to therapy and chose to remain jobless for a while to focus on personal growth. I invested all of my time in this. I didn't like the insecure person I am when I'm sober. I hated myself for the mess I'd made of my life. I regretted all the hurt I'd caused. It was no fun being me even though I actually have quite a lot going for me. I wanted to learn to love myself and enjoy life. Shut up that voice in my head who loves to hate everything I do and learn to be compassionate. Learn that failing is OK. Turns out that I'm really good at gaining new insights and talking about my issues learning where the problem is. But not so good at breaking patterns changing behavior going outside my comfort zone. Also honesty remains a problem. I'm so afraid of rejection I fear that people will be as hard on me as I am on myself that I prefer to tell things in such a way that I come out looking good. Also every word that comes out of my mouth is measured with the impact it will have on the other person in mind.  Spontaneous is not something I am. This causes distance and makes me come across as fake. I also have a hard time owning my mistakes and taking responsibility. Some of these things are just part of who I am and I'll have to learn to accept them. But I still feel like there's a lot to be gained by some personal growth.  ..The past year I've been in a relationship and she has been great and horrible at the same time. We have similar issues our insecurity is part of what binds is but we've found very different ways of dealing with it. And when our issues surface they bring out the absolute worst in each other. But on the other days so is so understanding she really accepts me for who I am way more than I can ever do myself. She doesn't care that I have nothing to offer in a materialistic sense (where she is independent has a career expensive car and house) she really loves me and is willing to go to any length to make this relationship work. She will seriously never give up on me. But she has trust issues and I've problems being trustworthy. Don't get me wrong I'm not actually doing bad things I'm faithful and have no other shit going on.  But I'd still rather tell a white lie if I think it'll prevent another fight. She has control issues and will ask a thousand questions a day and if she finds two of my answers don't line up oh boy. This has gotten so bad that we both have zero patience for each others weaknesses. We fight more than we have good times. And those good times are hard to enjoy because I always fear that she'll find a new reason to fight. That woman at the supermarket that I didn't even notice but who apparently looked at me will cause us to fight for hours because she is convinced that I don't love her enough and will leave her for any random woman.  ..I love this woman like crazy and I don't care about other women. Unfortunately I can't convince her of this. And she can't convince me that I'm OK the way I am and that I can just be myself around her. All the fights the control issues complete loss of autonomy trust issues etc. made me so tense and stressed scared and unhappy that I was actually surprised that I never felt the need to drink. But I knew this was dangerous and I was on a road to disaster. Two months ago I decided I needed a break. We had decided I would live in with her per September so I had quit my rent. I basically had nowhere to go but I needed to get out of that place. For once I wasn't fleeing I was making the right decision. I packed my stuff and went to a friend. And a few weeks ago I called my patents and asked if I could stay with them for a while. They said yes so here I am. 36 and living with my parents. Still suffer from depression don't have a job and I'm quite sure I'm single.  ..But on the bright side: I'm back in my home town where many of my friends from way back still live whom I've stayed in touch with through all the years. It is really a beautiful city that I'm now re-exploring. Evening walks bike rides trips on my motorcycle.  And my parents have a big house where I have my own place and can take as long as I need to find rest and start building. And I'm Sober! I guess I'm lucky to have this opportunity. And I still have a big support group around me. This may not have been the most positive life story you ever read but it's not all bad. In between all the misery I've had many beautiful moments met incredible people learned about life and people and myself. I know I painted the picture of a pessimistic asshole but I found out through other people that I'm actually quite a nice guy. I care about other people and I'm a good friend you can count on. I still have a healthy body and I don't look like I've been an addict for 20 years. My mind can work wonders if I'm not spending all that energy on negative things. And I'm actually really good at keeping a positive mind. Especially when I can help others. One of these days I'll wake up and realize it's quite nice to be me. Thanks again for reading I know it was long but trust me I already left out the most  I hope my story somehow helps others to never give up. There is no end to the amount of chances you get it is never too late. And no matter how dark your days seem it's never as bad as your best day when you were drinking!..tl;dr: After using and drinking for many years I've been in and out of rehab relapsing time and again losing jobs relationships friends houses and all my stuff and money in the process generally making a big mess of everything. But I kept getting up and trying again. Only to fail again. Sober for 16 months now and not really enjoying sober life struggling with myself with life and with love. Recently ended my relationship and moved in with my parents. Where I'm now trying to reboot and make a solid foundation for the rest of my sober life...If you have any questions please ask. I've heard many good things about this community so I hope to see you all around. Lots of love!
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome.
You can't defeat someone who never gives up!
Welcome! Glad you are here. 
Especially when I help others.....embedded in your life story you have a BIG part of the solution. ..Life is life. I admire that you keep at it. You have some great insight and I really admire that through it all you don't give up...Good luck on your journey! Iwndwyt 
What a story! I see great strength and intelligence in you and wonder what you will achieve without your chemical addictions..Well written too your command of the English language is excellent. For many of us alcohol was our drug of choice for treating depression. Now without it many of us struggle.  Welcome to the club.  There is a critical difference though. We're getting better at it we're facing it dealing with it. And we cry on each other's shoulder from time to time.  I think you'll make a fine addition someone with experience heart and determination. Sorry I talk about myself so much. ;) seriously though I see a bright future for you.
