-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ko8jx/what_methods_work_worked_for_you_in_order_to/

I've been looking at SMART recovery reading about Mindfulness Based Relapse Prevention as well as some other methods. I don't full understand how to do MBRP yet so if anyone has any experience with this I would love to hear about how I can begin using it. 
----------immediate responses--------

I just kept trying. 
The smart recovery online meetings are brilliant 
Getting into therapy has worked for me. I couldn't afford it on my own so I asked my parents for help. No dramatic  I'm an alcoholic  outcry just asking for help...Best decision I ever made. I had excuses for years and the  manly  voice inside saying  I can do this  even though I have failed for years. I'm pretty sure my parents are glad I asked for help rather than them having to watch me drown for another 10 years.
Try as much as you can and keep trying keep what works for you and keep adding on! I use Rational Recovery SD talking to others and recovery podcast.
Using the clean time counter app and taking  L glutamine powder to curb the alcohol cravings and ease the withdrawal symptoms..I read that some treatment centers actually use it too. You can find some at gnc for twenty bucks and you just mix the powder with a drink juice milk ect 
[removed]
Realizing the money I save by not drinking 
Mindfulness has been a huge part of my recovery. Daily meditation has had a profound impact on my mood and anxiety. Although I haven't tried a specific MBRP program I learned how to meditate from my therapist. Refuge Recovery meetings use MBRP and might be a good option for you. [Here is a beginner's guide to meditation](https://www.thetadprinciple.com/free-meditation-guide-0101adj.html) if you're interested.
I went to Smart Recovery meetings when I quit they were a big help.  I needed face to face meetings to help build accountability for myself and also to the group.  This sub has the same affect for me. I also scheduled new activities during my usual drinking hours.
SMARt Recovery materials and therapy. 
AA.  Despite having ALL the issues.  Still not jesusized so there is that.  Try one try em all.   
Letting myself be bored. Letting myself calm down and - for me - not counting the days just saying "I don't drink" to myself and others.
&gt;What methods worked for you.....Experience. Years and years of experience. That's not the answer most people want to hear but that was the only thing that changed my stubborn attitude. If there ever was a proverbial *rock bottom* for me it occurred years ago and that didn't stop me. It was the perpetual banging of my bloodied head against the same wall over and over ad infinitum until I finally decided to break the vicious cycle. Putting on 40 pounds. Having a red and bloated face I didn't recognize staring me back in the mirror. Reeking of booze in the morning. Still intoxicated in the morning. Spinning on the same hamster wheel of alcohol in an attempt to alleviate the very problems it caused only to compound them. Exhausted from the mental gymnastics I would jump through questioning *when* and *how* was I finally going to get out of this perpetual loop. The constant self loathing. It was finally so much easier to simply NOT drink...Thirty five days dry later seventeen pounds lighter the only booze I smell is off of friends I sit next to at the bar while I enjoy a diet coke; and it fucking reeks. The amount of effort I spend lifting weights and dieting PALES in comparison to the the mental fatigue time and nerve recking anxiety of self loathing I had spent hating my own actions. I couldn't even enjoy my drinking most of the time because I would spend it knowing that I was only getting more and more out of shape and further and further away from who I am or was. It's so much easier to just let that (booze) go. ..&amp;#x200B;..In short I had to come to the place of mind to recognize that I couldn't have *both* the lifestyle of constant drinking - *AND -* be the person I want to be. It took time a build-up of tolerance and mental and physical fatigue to reach that point. ..&amp;#x200B;
Medical detox hospital IOP AA.  Best to you.
