-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9l58jp/its_tough_going_this_time_but_im_surviving/

Boy they were right that it gets harder each time. It's strange I am not really getting cravings to drink but my depression is kicking my ass at the moment. I guess all my feelings are just flooding out and it's hard to know what to do with them...The first time I got sober I wandered along the pink cloud happy as anything but this time I spend most of it feeling pretty down and heartbroken about the messes I've caused. However I know that if I hadn't stopped drinking my problems would have kept going. ..I might have lost my SO not gotten a new job used my current unemployment as a way to fully self destruct. So I guess I am writing this to say if you are struggling too then its ok. We've got this. Just remember that even when it feels like hell there is another circle of hell right below we could be falling into...I know that maybe this time the happiness maybe harder won. I might lose friends and have to start over. I might feel lonely and sad and want to punch in every wall I see. But that will make it even better. ..Thanks SD for being there. I love reading all your posts everyday. Every moment of celebration and moment of struggle...We can do this. IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Stay strong my friend. Time and sobriety can do amazing things!
I can empathize with mental health kicking my otherwise sober ass. My depression actually hasn't been a problem since I stopped drinking (funny how that works) but my anxiety has reached unprecedented terrifying new heights. ..What helps me when I'm having a bad day is understanding that my worst day (mental health-wise) sober is still an improvement over the terrible headspace I carved out while drinking. ..Sobriety is a lot like Rome. ~~You wage three wars against the Carthaginians and then quit and become Catholic~~ It doesn't get built in a day. The tremendous benefits sobriety has on mental health come gradually and they require real effort and sustained maintenance. At no point did the Romans say  Wow this whole building Rome thing is really fucking hard. Let's just tear this thing down get shitfaced in Tuscany and then we'll build it again some other day.  They kept building. Some days it's really hard to build and that's okay. You don't have to build everyday just don't tear it down.
Thanks for sharing. I too found it much harder the last time. All the more reason to not go through all that crap again right? Keep kicking ass you're doing great. I will not drink with you today! 
