-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9la3gb/4_days_in_to_sober_october_and_struggling/

After posting here a while back I was motivated enough to take the plunge and try and give up drinking for October. I'm even signed up to Ocsober meaning I'm donating to a charity as part of this challenge...The first 3 nights were a breeze and even though I wanted a drink I enjoyed the sobriety enough that it didn't bother me. Tonight is different though and the cravings are as strong as when I was quitting smoking. I had a stressful event at work and that's seen me wanting to have a drink more than anything. ..Any tips for getting back that positive motivation? Tea is boring me and I'm over sparkling water very tempted to have a night  off' and get back to it tomorrow.
----------immediate responses--------

Day 4 is always a tricky one keep going!..I found the videos on [Overcoming Cravings](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=this+naked+mind+cravings) from '*This Naked Mind*' very helpful.....Stressful situations can often trigger cravings so if you can't avoid or reduce the stress it's all about learning healthier coping strategies.... meditation exercise talking it out with other people journalling etc.....There's also a wide variety of interesting beverages out there which aren't alcohol get exploring!..Feeling a bit uncomfortable and antsy and having strong thoughts of drinking is a normal part of the process in early sobriety if you can push on through sooner or later it gets easier.... drinking again just puts you back to square one.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Stay strong and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
I will not drink with you today.
But you're not going to have a night off! Keep reading other people's experiences and reasons why they stopped. Find something to do if you get a craving go for a walk it really is that simple. You need to distract yourself. Think of the charity you're raising money for. These moments of wanting a drink swiftly pass. You'll get through October day by day and you will be so proud of yourself others will too. ..Stay strong and keep checking in here x
Hang on! There was so much good waiting for me when I got through the tough early days.  It just took getting help and taking it one day at a time.  Know that there is a better life ahead for you! I'm rooting for you! IWNDWYT 
Lots of great advice on here.  You can do this - keep going and do whatever it takes.  Day 3-4 can be the hardest in terms of withdrawal symptoms.  What has helped me these past few days (I'm also doing the October challenge) is reading and reading and reading posts on here and eating whatever I want.  I am opting to stuff my face with appetizing food rather than drink....that really seems to help the cravings.  Whatever it takes - we are here rooting for you!
Well a huge thanks to this group; I've made it through night 4 without a drink! Granted it's much earlier than I'd usually go to bed but it's the only way I could relax. This has been one of the most mentally challenging days I've had in a long time. ..Tonight I overcame terrible anxiety and a real urge to dull it with booze. I only hope it gets easier from here and that the withdrawal symptoms ease off...Thanks to everyone IWNDWYT!
Myself in same boat! I hear you brother. Reading posts helps me a lot so encouraging you to do the same. Also check YouTube on vast source of information. Keep yourself busy go have a walk exercise eat whatever. And make sure you're not drinking today. Because today is the most important day. One day at a time. Keep it strong! IWNDWYT!
I'm reading these posts to keep me from drinking today..I'm on day 4 and idk if I feel better or worse than yesterday but days 3-4 are certainly very hard..I'm going to be with family tomorrow until Monday for Canadian thanksgiving weekend so I know I won't be drinking I just hope I feel better as I'll have to spend so much time with family and I don't want them to see me shaking or sweating :/
Just wanted to write an update here for my own sake but if you're interested or if it helps you then great!..So I've made it a week but with one big slip up. On Friday I just couldn't handle the anxiety and caved in. Not just one drink but I ended up polishing off enough gin vodka and beer to make the next morning really hurt. ..But I'm actually glad this happened as it taught me that I really do have a dependency. I guess it helped me to realize how important it is that I succeed in this. My resolve was strengthened and the last 2 days and nights I've been strong happy and sober and I feel like the withdrawal symptoms have really eased. I'm now ready for the next week...After getting through a weekend (including kids bday parties full of other drinkers) I'm feeling amazing kind of like I can achieve anything. My wife is really happy and the feeling of knowing that I could be in control and accountable at any time of the day or night for my family is actually really empowering. ..I've started reading at night again. I used to be an avid reader but when you're drunk it's just too hard to focus and I'd fall asleep almost immediately. ..Anyway that's my little ramble. I hope all of you are getting there in your own ways too. I'm sure there will be many hard days to come (especially as drinking really was masking my heavier anxiety) but for now IWNDWYT..
