-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lc2s0/i_am_finally_the_protagonist_in_my_story/

200 Days!! I posted for 100 days here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tqjdt/triple\_digits/](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/8tqjdt/triple_digits/)  ..I thought that It would be a good exercise to try and keep posting for every 100(ish) days. Both as a reminder of how my outlook on life is progressing and also in the hope that my story might help embolden others who feel the same way. ..&amp;#x200B;..After my first few months of sobriety the memory of the shitty hangovers started to fade. Worse than that the initial bump in happiness my mood began to flatline. WHY ISN'T LIFE GETTING BETTER I'M STILL FUCKING SOBER. It was frustrating to realize that while yes I had remained sober (and that is certainly an accomplishment!) sobriety alone was not going to fix all my problems. In fact being sober opened my eyes to all kinds of ways that my life is in need of adjustment. In my mind this is the blessing and curse of sobriety. All of the things that are nagging at the corner of your subconscious get louder and when you cant drown them out anymore you have to face them. ..&amp;#x200B;..One of these nagging thoughts is the idea of accountability. The realization that I am my own worst enemy. I constantly fantasized that my problems were somehow not my fault. "I'm broke because i don't get paid enough" *Perhaps its really because I have horrible spending habits.* "I dont have time to workout" *But i do have time to watch 3 hours of netflix?*  Etc. The idea that my story really didn't have an antagonist besides me really bothered me. What kind of life am I living that is so lacking in struggle that I have to make my own obstacles? I dont have an answer for that. However with every positive action I take I feel more and more like the protagonist. I feel hope. And thats a fucking magical feeling. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thank you stopdrinking! This community is amazing. I'm so stoked to be 200 days sober. Who knew that sobriety was really just a gateway into personal growth? I sure as hell didn't!
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you so much for sharing and congratulations on 200 days. It's crazy we really do become our own worst enemies when drinking. Taking accountability for my actions was a totally foreign concept before sobriety- I'd tell myself that the reason I was short-tempered with my loved ones because I had a bad day on account of my terrible job the job I chose and continued to choose each day I woke up and went in to work. But instead of doing something constructive about it like polishing my resume and sending it out I'd head to the bar or grocery store afterwards to buy booze so I could bury my head in the sand. The debt that came from that? That was because my shitty job wasn't paying me enough. Time to drink over it. ..It never occurred to me that the problems in my life were things I could fix. It felt like life just happened TO me like I was a passive actor. One of the most wonderful gifts of sobriety is knowing that I have the clarity of mind to examine situations for what they are and the courage to hold myself accountable for what I can fix- and the drive to take action to do so. "Being the protagonist in my own story" sounds about right- what a lovely way to sum it up. Congratulations on all of your hard work and progress. IWNDWYT.
Congrats!..I'm trying to stop making excuses. Excuses why I'm always late. Why my work isn't up to par (the alcohol problem absolutely didn't help and my numbers haven't evened out yet). Why I can't do that thing or this thing because it would be uncomfortable. Why I can drink today even though I said I would 'moderate' today.....I always have some bullshit reason/justification/excuse and I bother *myself* with it now. ..I'm trying to find a happy medium between admitting to other people I messed up since that's the hardest part for me vs internalizing it...for example the other day at work after I finished a project I didn't do the best job I could have. While I could have made lots of excuses I realized it was because I half assed 2 projects at the same time instead of whole assing 1 totally my fault. I felt pretty proud of myself for realizing and accepting this but the couple people I mentioned it to gave me a look like "no shit Cruizin you've been here for 3 years and only just now figured that out?" That was pretty discouraging. I can move forward from alcohol and learn what I can now but that doesn't change that I wasted 3 years and didn't learn anything because I was too busy drinking.
Sobriety- the gateway to personal growth!  Great story congratulations on 200 days of freedom!    
This is an amazing post. Finally the protagonist in your own story. I had never seen it like that but you have voiced something so clearly about sobriety not being enough that I'm going to share this with my therapist. ..&amp;#x200B;..She has told me that sobriety is an important part of recovery but it's not all of recovery. And it sounds like the things you share here like holding yourself accountable for the spending and the not working out (both issues for me interestingly) come from the recovery mindset which sobriety makes possible if you give it enough time. I'm starting to get off my duff about these two issues myself. I've started working out and paying attention to my money. How wild that you picked out two examples so close to my own recovering heart. ..&amp;#x200B;..My best to you at 201 days! Woo-hoo! Please keep posting. You've got an excellent mind and I look forward to learning from your continued growth!!!
