-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lhxy4/my_best_friends_birthday_party/

My BFF is celebrating her 40th birthday this weekend. Her party which she's been planning for over a year is this Saturday. I'm very conflicted about going. There will be alcohol and drinking at the party I'm thinking it will likely be heavy drinking. I've been struggling the past several weekends with strong cravings. I'm concerned if I go I will drink. My friend knows I'm not drinking and trying to maintain sobriety. She has even told me if I don't feel coming to the party is a good idea she's understands and would not be upset. I feel very conflicted. I feel like a bad friend by not going but know I will be triggered if I do. Thoughts? Feedback? Please. 
----------immediate responses--------

I protected my sobriety at all costs.  Eventually you can do things like that....but if you think you will drink dont go...eventually you will appreciate it
I suggest you invite her out to dinner on you maybe later in the week or something and celebrate her birthday with her that way.  It would probably mean a lot to her just the same.
&gt;She has even told me if I don't feel coming to the party is a good idea she's understands and would not be upset. ..She has already told you she would understand and not be upset. This is a huge gift and not something everyone would say. So you literally wouldn't be a bad friend for not going. ..I wouldn't go. I'd schedule something else fun for myself that night and make plans for her for another activity. 
Drop in for an hour. Bring your own NA bev of choice. Have an exit strategy. Give a nice gift eat some cake get out of there. Then feel good all night that you'll remember the celebration and won't worry that you might have said or done something to offend someone. My 2 cents. Good luck.
In early sobriety I protected myself. You could go for a brief time then leave which could be difficult. I think I would pass. Taking her out for a special dinner as /u/arefx suggested is a great idea!
I think you should be honest with yourself. Imagine the party and think of both: attending and drinking and also attending (being tempted) but not drinking and see which feels more probable. I've found that imagining possible scenarios where I firmly say no to a drink and order something else instead helps me keep cool when those situations do come up in real life...If I was in your same position personally I would go. I would absolutely make sure I have my alternatives available - coffee tea NA beer whatever. And an escape plan. Honestly I wouldn't intend to stay the entire time anyway drunk people are boring. Maybe the first hour or two. Especially if my friend was being so supportive about me not drinking I would feel ok going because they would help back me up. Of course and again leaving before she gets too drunk to be much help or worse change her mind! :)
