-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lk11j/husbands_getting_pretty_sick_of_my_shit/

For the past few months I've been drinking every night (and day-drinking most weekends after I get my shit done around 11am or so). Approximately one night a week I'll take a break. I started with wine and graduated to vodka with mixers. Vodka is my poison of choice for the most part (fewer digestive issues than anything else I've found). I average one handle per week...Why do I drink? I've been asking myself that question. I'm 34 and I used to drink casually. Until my 33rd year I never struggled with alcohol (although there is rampant alcoholism in my family tree--both sides). I don't have kids and no real desire to have them. I *do* have a high-stress job in the mortgage industry dealing with diva customers holier-than-thou loan originators primadonna underwriters and poor managerial support (although plenty of recognition and appreciation from co-workers). I recently got a raise from sub-$35k to ~$45k. It's the most I've ever made in my life which makes me feel more than ever like I can't leave. ..I've always been a self-sabotager. I used to eat myself into a stupor. My high weight was 330ish (although I stopped stepping on a scale past 300). I got weight loss surgery in Feb 2017 and I'm down to 180 which is pretty fucking amazing. Alcohol hits me like a mack truck almost every time (I surmise because of the surgery--gastric sleeve) which is also pretty fucking amazing. ..My husband has been home-bound after corrective orthopedic surgery for the past month. I've been stuck doing all of the chores and 100% of the grocery shopping on top of my shitty job which certainly hasn't failed to exacerbate my desire to drink. Laundry is a lot more fun while plastered. He also has a job at the same workplace in a different department (IT which is high-stress in a different way). He's on paid FMLA leave and it hasn't been a walk in the park for him but part of me is jealous that we're getting the same salary while he has a license (for the past five weeks and at least the next few) not to work...As a hobby I like to write and I love to read. Both are infinitely more enjoyable when not sober...I don't want to stop drinking. I know that I need to. My sleep schedule has become dogshit my bowel movements unpredictable and mornings suck *way* more than they used to (they've always sucked but I'm silent insolent and borderline-homicidal until I get my morning coffee)...I'm looking into socially-acceptable hobbies with which to supplant the liquor. I'm also curious/worried (worryous?) if I've been drinking enough for long enough to warrant medical-supervision. Or can I just stop? How do I know if I'm experiencing life-threatening withdrawals or just the general unpleasantness that comes with stopping something I really enjoy? ..I think it'll have to be cold turkey. Once I pop I can't stop...I don't know. If you made it this far thanks for reading.
----------immediate responses--------

One thing that helped me was changing my thought process from  alcohol makes everything fun  to  being sober is actually more fun.  ..Like alcohol makes you dumb and worse at everything really. It doesn't lessen your stress it just makes it go away for a little while and then it's there but now you're hungover and probably made another problem for yourself. ..Read This Naked Mind if you'd like - the author even encourages you to continue drinking if you want when you begin. It helped me immensely 
Quitting all at once with no medical supervision can be dangerous. I was advised to seek professional help if I couldn't find a way to taper which being an addict in general tapering is just an excuse to keep drinking as I soon realized after two months of meetings. I bit the bullet and finally went to a privately owned detox center to care for me medically and take away my ability to acquire alcohol or drugs while I dry out. Best drunk decision I've ever made was to call one night then call first thing the next morning to confirm my intentions. First few days were foggy. Lots of meds very shaky emotional etc.. I wasn't able to zero out a breathalyzer for over 50 hours after my last drink so it was pretty heavy drinking. .Now I'm 21 days sober 5 of them being spent in detox the remaining 16 in the world. I feel better than I can really remember even when I feel depressed at times. .Getting a good sponsor that will read and work the steps with you is paramount as is an open mind. Some people can do it through AA and proper support from their sponsor and their Higher Power(s) but I was not one of those fortunate and I had to grab on to anything I could at the time to save my life. .I wish you the best of luck on your journey. ..-P
I can't speak to your specific experience because I didn't drink every night when I was drinking. I would drink during the weekends but I wound up having to stop because I didn't know when to quit drinking and when I'm drunk I'm an asshole and try to fight people and whatnot. That being said I think what another commentor said was accurate. It's important to replace the way you think about alcohol. Once I started doing what is called "playing the tape forward" and realized that tomorrow morning is going to be held and I'm going to waste a Sunday in bed and I wouldn't be nearly as effective or accurate at my hobbies and that I was going to lose everyone I loved due to being an asshole and a host of other unpleasant things... It became a lot easier to not want to drink.  ..I would also pick up a book called "This Naked Mind."  It has helped so many people stop drinking. In the beginning of the book the author actually advises you not to stop drinking while you're reading the book. She advises this because the book changes the way you look at alcohol and by the end you realize that it's a poison and you don't want it anymore. Now that's not to say that your Cravings won't go away but it does work for a lot of people. So you might check that out...One last thing that helped me and I know you're not going to like this idea since you said you like to read and write was that I stopped doing hobbies that I would do while I was drunk. I used to play video games and drink well into the night. I stopped playing video games because they were triggering. Instead I picked up Woodworking and play board games with my roommates all the time. I may go back to video games at some point when I feel like I can handle it but for right now it triggers me into craving alcohol so bad I can't stand it. I also started a new Reddit account because my old one was full of things that triggered me to want to drink...This sub helps immensely too. I would recommend reading posts on here for inspiration posting anytime you need someone to talk to and just being a general presense. That is if you're really serious about trying to quit drinking. Just know that we are all here for you if you decide to take that step and I hope something that I wrote here helps you out.
You're on track :)..Good plan for life change...One day at a time...
