-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lknbv/today_marks_my_one_month_sober_i_had_6_years_in/


----------immediate responses--------

Glad you're here with us! Congrats on your One Month of Sobriety!!
Congratulations. You're an inspiration. 
Congratulations. It is difficult to come back. I had five years in and relapsed. Been trying for four years to get back on track. Lets do this. IWNDWYT.
Hi there!..Well done!....but this scares me! How come you just didn't get right back on after the first night?
Congrats.  Yeah harder coming back but so much worth the effort.  
It's never too late to come back to yourself :) Congrats on your month. Today I will not drink with you. 
Grateful for this post and all the comments.  Congrats on one month!  I had 5 years and a couple of 1-2 years sober periods over the past 15 years.  An insidious addiction indeed.  Always hard to come back and for me the relapses took me to lower and lower places.  I have to believe I can do this again and will not give up.  Throwing everything at this.  Reading redditing (come on that's got to be a word!) don't love AA but go to a meeting here and there and have heard some great stuff.  Get to the gym and take a ton of supplements and vitamins.  See a therapist podcasts.  IWNDWYT.
I'm so happy that you made it back too!
Welcome back. May I ask what made you relapse back then even after that long time of sobriety? I am totally happy with what I am doing now but still worried the same thing could happen to me. 
I am looking at a 3-year anniversary on the horizon...I need to hear stories such as yours -- 6 years sober then relapse -- as a stark reminder that my condition is not going to change *and that that's okay*. Sobriety is good and right...Thank you for your witness and congrats on that 30 days. Many more to you!
Happy one month back!  Hope you get a chance to mark the occasion with a milkshake or fancy cocoa or something.  ..Day one was always hardest for me to find.  I'm determined to keep mine in it's place so I won't have to chase it again.  Any words of wisdom for avoiding a late term relapse?..I will not drink with you today. 
I'm happy you made it back too. I will not drink with you today.
I've had a couple of relapses myself.....I had stopped visiting this sub for a year or two thinking to myself I've got this sobriety thing down. Well life decided to throw a stress ball my way and I got drunk to deal with it. Nowadays this sub is part of my week. An upvote here a comment there.
Sounds SO MUCH like my story. Just under six years sober then a couple years of  gathering evidence.  I just hit a year for the second time this week. ..It's harder and easier the second time around. Harder because well I didn't die or anything so I lost that safety net of if I go back out I might not come back. Because I *did* make it back. What's to stop me from going back out? ..But easier because it's not my first Christmas / summer / birthday / Arbor Day sober. I remember how to do this. And easier because as much as I wouldn't recommend relapsing I really did have more to learn to feel comfortable with who I am in sobriety. I really do feel so much more at peace this time. ..We'll be there for you as you get there too. IWNDWYT. 
Congrats and welcome back! IWNDWYT
Hey man I'm happy for ya IWNDWYT.
