-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lqda9/advice_for_a_bar_worker/

Hey folks first of all I'm so happy I found this sub. Though this is my first post I've really found it a useful tool. Just seeing other people with similar struggles and reading the advice posted has really helped me out. ..Anyways ..I work at a bar and will soon be quitting. I honestly never drank at the bar and working around the alcohol was never much of a temptation (worked in the kitchen). Not to mention how expensive it was. The only problematic thing about it was the binge drinking culture. ..My last day is going to be on the 11th or sometime around then. Usually on people's last day (if they have worked more than a year and I've got three) the management will give them an open tab at the bar or something similar and coworkers will all come down and drink with you as a last hurrah. People have already said how excited they are for the little party and it will be the last time I'll probably see a lot here coworkers. ..Frankly I'm unsure what to do? I think I would be fine having one beer and stopping (drinking at home is always my issue) but I want to stick to my commitment at least for a month. And I don't want to give my friends the impression that I'd be drinking more than that anyways. ..I think I might just bring in a couple joints for after my shift to share and suggest to management to change out my free drinks for unlimited chili cheese fries. But I also don't want to let down (?) my coworkers by messing with their excuse to party because hey power to them. ..I think I'm probably over thinking this but anyone have any ideas or experience in a similar situation.   
----------immediate responses--------

It's your party. Structure it whatever way will work best for you and your sobriety. Sometimes you gotta look out for #1!
You have to put yourself first and practice self-care. When you are not used to doing this it may feel awkward at first. You say this may be the last time you see some of these folks. To wake up after drinking the following morning would make you feel like crap and you would really wonder why you did it..You have started something healthy + wise for your future. Don't allow superficial social connections to woo you into thinking that drinking is the thing to do for social convenience. .Do what is best for you.  Enjoy whatever kind of snacking and fun you choose but leave alcohol out of it for you and let nobody or nothing persuade you otherwise. 
Suggest to management that instead of an open tab you can just buy everyone on staff a drink? Not sure if that is unethical but it would be a nice way to spread the cheer and take the focus off your own sobriety by giving to others (plus they might not give you any guff). Or maybe ask them to order in a few pizzas? In any case you should stick to your goals and remember that you'll have quality memories of your last shift if you stick to your guns on this. 
15 year veteran ex-bartender here. Good for you for quitting. That business is toxic. I usually drink soda water with lime on the rocks and nobody bats an eye. Throw in a splash of cranberry if you want to make it look even more like a cocktail. You'd be surprised how many people won't actually give a shit.
