-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lv6fb/200_days_heres_what_i_dont_miss_at_all/

Recently I made a post because I was struggling not to drink. This feeling seems to pop up around major milestones like 90 and 180 days right before I reach them but this sub's support and advice got me through the moment and I didn't drink! So thank you so much for that....So much has changed. I lost a lot of weight I began feeling physically and mentally a lot healthier and quite frankly it feels like a second chance at life. At 120 days I made a post with all the things that have improved and that I'm grateful for. Now I'll make a list with all the things I'm very glad to be rid of...* Losing entire days to hangovers and feeling shitty in general...* Depressed moods because I've been screwing up my dopamine levels. (I think that's caused it?)..* Feeling doomed. I thought that I'd never break free that this was going to take my life one day. I feel hope now and I feel soooo much better so liberated from these feelings...* Compulsion. I often drank even if I didn't want to. It had a weirdly compulsive element to it and that's gone entirely. Aside from a few slightly difficult moments in the last 6+ months I don't feel it at all...* The anxiety. It's *massively* lessened. What a relief...* The hypochondria the fears and worries about my health...* Looking miserable and not like myself. ..* The secrecy...* Hiding and finding bottles...* The shame of discreetly disposing of bottles...*  How little energy I had...* The poor sleep...* How restless I felt when I didn't have access to alcohol and how merely buying it kind of soothed me...* How restless anxious moody and unstable I felt when I didn't have access to alcohol...* I don't miss embarrassing text and behavior at all...* Not remembering what I (and others) have said and done the night before...* Getting sick and vomiting..* The shame and fear feeling gross..* The financial cost of drinking..* The loneliness. Both in not making any contacts/friends and in feeling alone and shameful with this problem..* Knowing that I had a huge problem yet feeling so entrapped by it. ..* Feeling kind of ridiculous when I ate healthy and worked out because I was a drinker! ...* The agony of only having one glass/serving....* I have a baby cousin and it caused me to think of myself as a baby and feeling sad that that once tiny child would destruct herself. It sounds weird I guess but it made me sad....* Not believing that I could possibly become one of those people with a large amount of sober days in their flair. ..* The shame of buying alcohol....* Seeing severely addicted alcoholics buying alcohol and fearing that I'd be like them one day....* Not being able to read about alcohol-related death and illness (such as statistics individual stories such as with celebrities etc) (yet also sometimes having a morbid fascination with the physical consequences of alcohol and reading up on diseases)...* Being thirsty at night from drinking...* Regretting it in the morning and deciding every morning after drinking that this was the last time only to do it again soon after..* Just having it on my mind all the time one way or another..* Not seeing myself doing anything or taking on any responsibilities again. ...* Trying to hide my alcohol breath....Thank you r/stopdrinking. I don't post very much but I really appreciate this sub and I read on here a lot and it's helped me a lot on my journey into sobriety. I had a dream a long time ago where I considered drinking but I didn't want to reset my badge. :D..IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

This is great!  So many wonderful things.  I noticed that no matter what crazy things happen in life I can easily take them in stride now.  I don't get aniexty or overwhelming negative emotions.  This fact alone is enough to make me not want to drink.  Have a great day!..
Good for you 200 days ! Your my inspiration. IWNDWYT
Thanks.  Just what I needed today!..IWNDWYT
Great list and congratulations on 200 days! I can relate to all of these items especially the one about trying to be healthy and not connecting with others. I didn't eat sugar or wheat because it was bad for me but had no issue drinking every night and I had little desire to socialize or connect with friends and but now I crave it. Thank you for sharing your list. I will not drink with you today  
Thanks for posting a great reminder of all the things I hate about drinking.  Great job with 200 days!
Awesome list. Congrats on 200 days! I don't miss emergency poops. 
&gt; * Hiding and finding bottles...&gt; * The shame of discreetly disposing of bottles...There are so many things on your list I can relate to. But when reading these two I could actually *feel* the familiar excruciating shame related to them for a fleeting moment. When you're hiding a bottle in your closet in a pile of clothes there is absolutely no escaping the fact that you're an addict.
Great list I see myself in ALL of these! It's amazing how shockingly the negative consequences of drinking outweigh the benefits and yet we still did it!  Keep up the good work 200!! IWNDWYT
Congratulations on 200 days. That is a huge milestone. Thanks for your post. A lot of the pointers in your list I can totally relate to. IWNDWYT:)
Congratulations! 200 days is a great milestone. I relate to a lot of your points. 
Thank you. Your not alone. I could have written that myself. I guess we are all very much alike as we are different Thank you for sharing your thoughts as it helps us all as a group battling the same demons. I think we need reminders daily of what we are fighting against. Fabulous work-200 days! Awesome. IWNDWYTD
Thanks for sharing this list. It's helpful to see it all written out. 
Good job!! This list is awesome and encouraging. Looking forward to my 200 days. 
Life brought to you by booze.  Perfect list.  Thanks for posting. 
Thank you for this. I am struggling and I told myself when I get up I would do the DCI and check out an inspirational/motivational video &amp; listen to some music that made me happy. Well I woke up kinda grumpy (whole point of doing the second part) and the music &amp; videos weren't cutting it. YOUR post kinda the grumpy ass part of me so thank you :)...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
I love this list! Thanks for sharing. 
This is so amazing. I don't miss any of these things either. I'm so grateful to people like you who post these things reminding me why I'm sober.   
u/Kat Congratulations on your 200 days!!!  I made myself read it all.  I definitely feel delivered from this hell. I  shared every one of the items on your list although the "baby cousin" identification was in slightly different form. Never want to go there again.  IWNDWYT
Thanks for this it is just what I needed to read today.
Congrats on 200 days! It feels great to not have all the toxins in our bodies. 
Fuck this reads like a bullet list I could have written of all the things I hate about myself for drinking.  There's so very many terrible things that come from it. ..Thank you for your inspiring post!   I'm feeling good on day 2 and really giving AA a proper go this time around.  
I can relate a bit too much to this list for the past month I've told myself not again but then every night I'll find a reason to say just for tonight and end up buying something... Can't take that first step
Thank you so much for your post - and congratulations on day 200! You have described perfectly what I want to get rid of. I'm only on day 5 (how do you get the badge by the way?) and what you have written is eye-opening encouraging and kinda comforting thanks again..&amp;#x200B;
Congrats! What a huge accomplishment.
Congrats. 
At 9 months sober yesterday I'm like you it seems... with the milestones and I really needed to read this today thanks  
Great post! Congrats 
Oh my god I know many if not all of your problems so well. I know them by heart and they really struck a deep chord in me while reading them..I want to continue to be strong sober and happy..Thank you for your post.  
This is wonderful. I can relate to...every single thing on this list. Saving for later.  Thank you for writing it!
That feeling of doom really got me. I used to think of myself as a lost cause and think that the only way out of my depressing life was to eventually end it one day. Crazy to think that all I had to do was stop drinking. 
How long before you're anxiety went away? And what kind of symptoms did you have ?
I've been a lurker on this group for 6 months or so....this post describes my current thoughts and and experience s exactly!!! I'm planning a taper this weekend then cold turkey it is!!
I can related to pretty much every single one of these. I'm determined to make it too
Wooo hoooo
So many great reminders. Thank you for sharing. Iwndwyt!
Congrats! That is a great list a lot of which i can relate to.  Iwndwyt
Thank you for this. I'm amazed to be on Day 5 and seeing this list has made me excited for all the wonderful things that will come with the next day and the next. Congratulations on 200 days here's to 200 more! IWNDWYT! 
Congratulations.  IWNDWYT on my 200th day also.    
What an excellent post!  Thank you for walking me down memory lane. ..Congratulations on you 200 milestone...&amp;#x200B;
Your comment about seeing yourself as a child really resonated with me. I went through a bout of therapy for anxiety and one thing the therapist got me to do was to imagine myself as a little girl. And just the thought of this little kid going on to grow up to ruin herself in so many ways really made me sad...It got me to thinking if I want to protect that little girl why can't I have the same love for the woman who's in her place now. 
Thanks for the great list.  I can relate to pretty much all of those.  Never goin' back to that miserable way to live!!!  IWNDWYT
200 days here too!! The first day of spring seemed like a good day to finally pull the plug on this thing right? That's a very thorough list you made. I should do something like that as well. Congrats and IWNDWYT
Here's to the next 200 improved memory and a future list of things you can do thanks to sobriety.
Never got any hang overs but I can relate to so much else. Keep up the good work!.
