-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lxndp/an_unfortunate_gift_advice_needed/

So I don't tell very many people that I'm recovering from scarily functional alcoholism.  Most people have no idea how I'm changing myself and my life in secret.  I'm now two weeks sober (after ruining a 45 day successful run) and really feeling okay again for the first time in months...Well I have a co-worker who is both close to me but also fairly poor (as am I our job doesn't pay well).  We have developed a great friendship over a few years but I've kept my dirty shameful secret to myself.  About 6 weeks ago it was my birthday and he hinted he was getting me a gift.  I thought it was nice but weeks went by and nothing was brought up so I didn't think much of it.  (I don't really need anything I was just curious.)..He reveals yesterday that he finally got my gift after weeks of getting his money right.  The gift is a nice bottle of wine....I accepted it graciously especially since we're both usually broke and it was a sweet (and non-sexual) gesture.  But now I don't know what to do with this bottle once I leave work in a few hours.  I don't want to drink it but I'd feel like trash for throwing away something that took him weeks to buy/remember to get me to make me happy.  What can I do with this wine that won't result in me drinking but won't be disrespectful towards my good friend who went out of his way meant very well and is fully ignorant of my deep struggles?  I'll take any advice I can get!  ..
----------immediate responses--------

Have you considered gifting it to someone else?..&amp;#x200B;
Have you ever read the short story "[The Gift of the Magi](http://www.auburn.edu/~vestmon/Gift_of_the_Magi.html)?"   It's Christmas themed but maybe it has some insight into your dilemma.....&amp;#x200B;
Honesty. A lie or 'half truth' will come back to you some how. What if he asks you if he can share that beautiful bottle of wine? You not being totally honest has already created an awkward situation. I get that you want to keep your sobriety under wraps but maybe with this close co-worker it's time to reveal. You could use this opportunity to build a deeper friendship if that is what you want. Plus it may do you well to release your "dirty shameful secret." It doesn't even need to be a big deal. .."Hey (name) this is such a wonderful gift and I know that you put a lot of thought into it. Our friendship means so much to me that I should be honest with you. I am grateful for your thoughtfulness and I accept your gift graciously but I won't be able to endulge. I am currently being mindful of my health and have chosen to avoid alcohol." ..How he hears that is totally up to him. Maybe he knows someone that is struggling and this opens a new level to your friendship. To be honest the way drinking is so pervasive in our culture and EVERYWHERE I'm impressed that the topic never came up before...Bottom line honesty. I have found that the hardest things usually result in the best rewards. Hope this helps...Nice job on your two weeks! I am happy to not be drinking with you today.
