-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lxpag/needing_some_insight/

Hello! I apologize if this is no the appropriate place to post but hear me out...Quick back story I have been with my alcoholic for ten years he is the love of my life. The past 2 years he has been struggling with his drinking. It escalated quickly to the point he'd have withdrawal seizures. I asked him to move out in December.  Our home became to toxic. He got sober in February. Moved back in early summer. All was well!.. 2 month ago I started seeing the red flags again. Long story short he was binge drinking on weekends each weekend it escalated. He told me he was  in control.   I tried a compassionate approach stern and even ignoring it. But I was the bad guy again and the center of all his blame. The boundary was he can not get out of hand. He did. Started drinking at 9am  flipped out packed a bag and left. Came back later that day belligerent. I had to call his dad to come get him. ..He hasn't lived here since. We've only spoke a handful of times. Recently he has asked me if there is anyway I would consider letting him move back. He said he does better with me and is more motivated. He explained he's not as bad as he was in the winter. (Which is true) This all kills me. I want him back more than you could imagine. I told him he can not come back because he is not healthy right now (neither am I) and to focus on hisself.  He has not gone to AA yet he has a meeting this week with a VA counselor. So nothing has changed he just tells me he's sober now. Words are not actions. I feel like if I let him back i will just become his crutch and comfort zone and it will only be a matter of time before he starts again. ..Am I doing the right thing? I constantly second guess myself. Is making him uncomfortable the only thing to inspire change? Any insight from those that have battle through this addiction is deeply helpful. I struggle to understand his point of view. I know he's scared hurt and lost. I know this is hard for him. I know quitting is sooo hard. I just hate not knowing if I'm doing the right thing...Thanks!
----------immediate responses--------

You said it yourself words are not actions. My girlfriend went on her third bender begged for detox and rehab and immediately started drinking after leaving detox. She had made all these plans with therapists and plans of what days she would go to AA. Never went to any of them. ..You are doing the right thing. Don't question it. Keep yourself healthy first.  
You might want to post your question on r/AlAnon.   There's a lot of experience and advice on relationships with alcoholics there.  
I have posted in the alanon group. I just wanted the perspective of people that have struggle with drinking. How they felt their loved ones could have done better or what they did right.
When I was drinking I never really considered how it made my husband feel. I knew he didn't like it but I didn't care. I wanted to drink and had lots of justifications for it. He did confront me in the end but I was already at the point of wanting to quit FOR MYSELF.  So I don't think he could've really done anything to  stop me until I wanted it for myself. However having to deal with consequences can have an eye opening effect. I just know that when I was drinking I was willing to try to please him but was really just trying to keep him off my back so I could get back to drinking. Best wishes
