-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lzfli/depression_after_being_sober/

I've struggled with alcohol dependency since my first drink. I would always say I'm fine because I would only allow myself to drink on the weekends. But that would consist of putting away a full bottle of vodka and then some. Then it progressed over time to 2 or 3 times a week. I still didn't see it as an issue. Doesn't everyone have 8 to 10 drinks at a time as the normal? I never understood how some people could call it a night after 2 drinks. That was simply crazy to me. ..I've also always struggled with depression and anxiety. I realize drinking was my way to not deal with these feelings. I would feel worse after drinking going into a deep depression for a few days and then feel better. So I'd drink again. I thought drinking was making my depression worse and in some ways that way true.  ..Fast forward and I haven't had a drink in a month. While I physically feel better with more energy I feel more depressed than ever. Shouldn't it be the opposite? I've been on antidepressants before and counseling. They help short term but always end up becoming ineffective.  ..Has anyone gone through this and what helped improve your mood? How did you reach that place after quitting?..This sub is great and I am inspired by so many of you on here. Thanks for listening.  
----------immediate responses--------

PAWS. Post Accute Withdrawal Symptoms. This is common for people in their first 6-12 months in sobriety. Read up more on PAWS so these emotional roller coaster rides don't take you by surprise. ..It's your bodies way of re-balancing itself after substance abuse. 
I am in a similar situation with depression and anxiety. In April I was in a really bad place and drinking was increasing to 7 to 8 beers a day trying to numb it down. Now I have a fraction of the problems I felt back then. Its not perfect but its getting better. Alcohol  definitely made things worse for me. My head is not in a fog now and I can think through what I can do to feel better. IWNDWYT
[removed]
Deeply. I'm on the antidepressants and therapy train too...FWIW I just finished listening to the audio version of Russell Brand's Recovery book and it hit me like a bolt of lightning. He argues for the 12 step program as a framework for radically transforming your life not just quitting an addiction and methodically dismantled all of my objections and skepticism. Most importantly for me he makes it clear that it's not something that can be done alone. You have to let other people in. You have to trust them you have to do it with them you have to let them help you. Ultimately you have to help them too...As someone who's spent so much of the last two years in relative isolation I don't think I've ever had anything speak to me so deeply and profoundly. I felt understood. I felt like I saw the path to a new life with total clarity. This is possibly the corniest thing I've ever written but man I stand by it. I listened to it on a long solo road trip and yelled at the car stereo the whole time...It really helped me realize that even though I have a substantial amount of time sober quitting didn't magically give me the tools I needed to address all the stuff that led me here in the first place. Booze was the way I dealt with all my anxiety and now that I don't drink I have to figure out how to not let it just pile up forever...I finally started going to AA a couple weeks ago and for the first time in a *really* long time I feel honest hope for the future. I don't know if that helps to hear and I definitely don't know if that's an appropriate solution for everyone but I wanted to share that because I feel like I'm right there with you...Stay strong out there friend :)
I've read quite a few posts like yours over the years. I think it is pretty common as our bodies and our brains recover from the chemical effects of alcohol. I think you can ride this out and it will get better as time goes on. For me having a regular exercise routine helps bring some of the good feelings back if only just temporarily. As well a regular reviewing of the things I am grateful for also helps keep my perspective. Hang in there friend!
