-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9lznda/for_those_in_aa_do_i_fire_my_sponsor/

A friend of mine in the program told me last night that he knew my ex and I broke up because he relapsed. He said that my sponsor's best friend told him. ..This made me kind of suspicious that my sponsor has been sharing my business with her bestie because I didn't really tell anyone except her what had happened. ..So I asked her if she tells people what I tell her or if it's confidential. She said she doesn't share my business with others and asked why. ..I told her what I had been told. She said she may have said we broke up because everyone knows. ..All of it just rubbed me the wrong way. It doesn't matter if people know we broke up I don't think my sponsor's best friend should have heard it from my sponsor. Doesn't matter what it was or who speculated or knew for sure. ..Am I wrong? 
----------immediate responses--------

Nope fire her ass..
Yes. Get a new sponsor. That's a total violation of trust. ...I'm sorry this happened to you I promise everyone isn't like that. 
Yikes. I would fire that person. I would find that really disturbing and detrimental to my recovery. I stopped drinking and left the toxic bar because of people who acted like that. ..You might find therapy to be helpful - it is a professional who is bound by ethical standards to hold everything you say confidential. 
What I tell my sponsor and what sponsee share is strictly between us.  ..It's a deal breaker.
I am sorry you're dealing with this especially as it is so hard to enter this program and give your trust to another. Sponsors are regular folks not trained professionalsnot experts in counseling and still recovering themselves. It is really unfortunate that something as fundamental as the anonymity of the program was not respected..Get another sponsor. This was a learning  experience for both of you..Sometimes it takes a while to get the right fit but don't give up.!!
I think you should get a new one not only because of the breach of trust but also because you state that you both don't like each other.  In my experience you don't need to be friends with your sponsor (my experience is that being friends can make it harder) but you really should like and trust them. I had to fire my first sponsor and now I have a great one that I've trusted for years.  
I had a similar problem in AA once someone gossiping about me and sharing info about me. I was five years sober at the time. What did I do? I walked away from the fellowship and drank again. I pray you find someone you can really trust. What I did in the end was go to my local church. The curate of the parish a lady priest took me under her wing and she has been the one person I can now completely confide in. I lost faith in AA on account of my experience. Anyhow sending you best wishes and hope you find a good outcome. IWNDWYT:)
[removed]
Yes! Fire that sponsor and find a new one.
Yep. Find someone else. The sponsor/sponsee relationship is not a marriage. If you have doubts trust your gut your sobriety depends on it. 
