-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m29is/some_bad_stuff_happened/

Hey..I just wanted to share that a friend of mine recently took his own life and I am really struggling with that event. I drank last weekend. I think the events were related but I still want to eliminate alcohol. That is him taking his own life and me drinking were related. I am stopping keeping track of the days with the day counter because it is too intimidating for me. I will still keep track of the days though I will keep it privately. That still means that I want to commit to being sober. I just need some support and help doing that...I wish things were easier right now but sometimes I think it takes a major event like what occurred to get me to really stop this time...I appreciate all the support you can give.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry! Keep it up! Try to go easy on yourself and focus on healing yourself and not letting in too many other stressors. Say no call in sick do whatever you must. Focus on healing and stay sober! ..Sorry for your loss I hope you have someone you can lean on. IWNDWYT 
Wow that's rough.   I am so sorry. Drinking was my go to when horrible things happened. When I got sober I worried about how I would handle things when they went south.   I didn't really believe I could cope without alcohol but I have been managing and it's been better than I hoped.   I think you are amazing for trying to embrace a positive change in your life right now. IWNDWYT 
Every time I fell off the wagon it never was worth it.  Just more cost.  I don't see it helping in the future as it never really helped in the past.  I'm sorry about your friend that sucks. 
I am so sorry for your loss. That is very sad....I know how it feels. Grieving is very hard and complicated. My experience is that alcohol will only make that process more difficult. Alcohol makes everything more difficult... You can get support over here. I also hope you can get support in the non virtual life. Maybe see a doctor? Talk to friends or family? Wishing you strength and all the best. Take good care of yourself. IWNDWYT 
