-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m3bqj/ive_been_struggling_with_insomnia_this_week_and/

I've had insomnia since I was a teenager. These days I can keep it somewhat at bay by getting to bed and getting up at the same time every day and night. But due to a lot of stressors this week I got to bed later and later increasing the time it took me to fall asleep and severely reducing the quality of sleep I was getting. ..*Fuck it - if you're going to have trouble to fall asleep anyway you might as well stay up for another Netflix episode.*..*And if you don't have to get up at 6:30 or 7:00 why not sleep in until 08:30?*..Little voices creeping in the back of my brain. Their arguments aren't the worst ever - I mean they're wrong but on the surface it's not the most horrible thing you can do to yourself right? ..But I know where that path will lead if I follow it. Increased anxiety concentration problems sleepless nights for two weeks if and when I finally do decide to adhere to my bedtimes. And who knows - the next whisper might be about *just one beer.* ..I went to bed in time but I struggled to get up early this morning. I snoozed and I slept in until 08:30. I have a stuffed nose and a bad headache. I feel terrible. But as I put the kettle on for my first cup of coffee of the day I realized I can't even imagine how much worse I would've felt if I'd added alcohol to the mix last night. ..The taste isn't worth the hangover man. And I'll raise my coffee mug to that. 
----------immediate responses--------

TRUTH! Also don't forget to take care of yourself in different ways. No screens really helps me if I have trouble falling asleep. Yoga meditation exercise dessert whatever you need. ..Just saying.... change up your routine and you may be pleasantly surprised. ..Not to discount insomnia I'm sorry you struggle with that. Just want to throw some thoughts out there. IWNDWYT 
...i just realized in 20 mins I will have been up for 25 hours x.X
Have you considered meditation?
