-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m4mc2/im_still_sober_in_the_face_of_adversity/

Hello SD I've been so busy but feeling a little guilty for not checking in here as often as I like or maybe should. There have been so many temptations and I've been doing well- at about 6.5 months now. My life has changed drastically from what it was only a year ago. I fear relapse but deep down I know I'm the one in control...&amp;#x200B;..Last night something very rare happened: my husband and I disagree strongly about something pretty important. I REALLY don't like to fight or even argue and we are usually decent problem-solvers together. He has been going through a rough patch the last 30 days- let go suddenly from a long term employer and began at a very demanding company. I'm using every ounce of strength I can spare to be supportive and kind to him in this time...&amp;#x200B;..Last night we argued agreed to disagree for now and re-visit the issue in 24 hours. It's not urgent but it will be life changing. I need time to think. As I sat alone on the balcony the thought of booze flashed through my mind and then quickly the realization "no you've decided to make a go without that." It was so automatic like a slap to the face and I immediately burst into tears (I kept it together before that to my surprise)...&amp;#x200B;..I guess that is a major trigger for me. I remember that when we would have a disagreement in the past drinking would be an easy way to avoid an argument for me. Instead of resolving issues I got to escape into the numbness. I miss it sometimes but I know it was a more painful and temporary solution to my problems. Work is stressful for me right now too and there are always stressors jabbing at my ribs. I just keep doing my best and trying to live in each moment...&amp;#x200B;..So now my husband is really sick and it just doesn't seem like the right time to approach the subject again. I wrote my thoughts down in a journal so I can stay fresh and in touch with my feelings and things are ok for now. I have the day off and will run some errands enjoy the fall weather with a bike ride and make chicken soup for my buddy. IWNDWYT...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear about your situation...Congratulations on noticing what's going on for you sharing it and Not drinking!!
Seems like you've grown up in your journey that's amazing. And how you're dealing with stuff you're going through is also wonderful full focused. I hope your husband gets well very soon and the bad times past fast. 
Sorry it's tough right now.  I had to get my car worked on yesterday for a big sum of money...always a trigger for me.  But I didn't come close to drinking.  The longer I'm sober the more solid my sobriety becomes.  Way to stay strong! IWNDWYT 
Congrats on recognizing the trigger and not drinking.  ..You seem amazing strong both personally and in your relationship with your husband.  You are thinking about being kind to him even through you are struggling with your own challenges.  The two of you were smart enough to discuss the problem for a while and then decide you need to come back to it later.   Im sure that you will revisit the problem and work through when the time is right.  Regardless of how hard this is I am sure that drinking will not help you resolve it.  IWNDWYT.
