-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m577a/i_want_to_go_to_rehab_so_badly_i_cant_do_this_on/

I want to drill a hole in my head to get the bad part out (like in the movie Pi). I never gave AA a solid try because I can go and leave and nobody bothers with me. I really don't have enough vacation for a whole 30-day inpatient program. I'm so annoyed with this struggle. Whyyy me!?!
----------immediate responses--------

I feel you.  And I can only tell you that from my personal experience rehab will only get you the 28-30 days of sobriety.  Been there twice and eventually relapsed.  With AA just showing up wasn't enough either.  I had to connect with people put myself out there and work at it.  Wish it was easier but this path takes effort and action and even then it's a challenge.  But it is achievable...just look at all the success stories here!!  IWNDWYT!
It's not that you're not trying hard enough - it's fricking hard! And damn near impossible to do on your own. I'd recommend an internet community for support this naked mind has a good one!
[removed]
I did an inpatient detox and outpatient rehab and I still struggled struggled struggled until I tried naltrexone. It doesn't seem to work for everyone but it might be worth asking your doctor about...I'm a few days in and I've had a few annoying side effects (stomach cramps insomnia weird dreams) but my urge to drink has been practically non-existent when it used to occupy almost every waking hour. Might be a placebo effect but whatever it is I'll take it.
I just searched r/stopdrinking and naltrexone and there are many posts to read through fyi. You post your story just saying others had my question i was going to post
Committing to AA  two even three meetings a day is poor mans rehab. And you can schedule around work.  
There are lots of resources in the r/stopdrinking sidebar if that helps...SD is my meetings. I don't go to AA. I do have a therapist though who I pay to listen to me whinge. She also is teaching me healthy coping mechanisms which I need to replace drinking...I exercise - C25k app get into nature get cheap massages at the shopping centre do guided relaxation - michael sealey on YouTube and Spotify meditate - headspace app take baths journal do positive affirmations do jigsaws and cryptic crosswords watch funny shows buy sparkling NA drinks have no alcohol that tempts me in the house...I read or listen to This Naked Mind regularly. It explains a lot of the inexplicable reasons why we drink. Or podcasts. I like Marc Moran - just skip past the first ten minutes to get to the actual chats...IWNDWYT  
Omg GO! My husband has been so angry with me for  not trying  and didn't want me to go to Rehab. I found an amazing outpatient program that fits into my schedule easily and my insurance pays for almost all of it (they do payment plans for the rest). I'm four days into it and I cannot tell you how absolutely relieved I feel. I'm going to be okay! People are going to help me! They set me up with psychiatrist and doctor appointments to get meds and evaluations and even having that off my plate is such an enormous relief. Some of it's kind of dumb but I'm already making friends with the people in my group and I'm just so happy to be there. I can't believe I wasted months and months collecting white chips and feeling hopeless. I still go to meetings (required by my program) and I love AA and know it works but I definitely needed more.
