-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m93dr/5_years_sober/

Hi folks.  Oct. 1 marked my 5 year anniversary of being sober and clean (alcohol was my main thing but there were other little things on the side).  Sobriety is very important for me but I'm not actively attending any groups or anything like that.  So I never really got a chance to celebrate it or anything...I suppose I try to incorporate sobriety and my recovery into my every day life.  Like not drinking is great but my journey and my challenges go beyond that.  Which is totally cool.  But I was just realizing tonight that those 5 years are important.  They still mean something.  They mean a lot...In one group they talk about what they were like what happened and what they're like now.  I'll do that just briefly.  I was an anxious kid in his early 20s with a lot of emotional issues.  I used alcohol and other things to run away from myself and from life and eventually the consequences caught up with me (DUIs accidents broken arm).  I suppose one day I realized that this life is worthwhile and that the struggles all mean something.  And that I don't want to run away from it.  And that this life is not all about me and that doing the right thing takes precedence over however bad I think I may have it.  Maybe it wasn't an isolated event but that notion culminated in my choice to get help and to finally get sober.  Once I earnestly made that decision I haven't had a drink since.  Just over 5 years ago...Now?  Things aren't always easy.  I still have lots of challenges and struggles didn't automatically go away.  But nowadays I feel like my life is meaningful and I know how to have fun and I get to do things that I want to do and have meaningful relationships with all sorts of wonderful people.  Sometimes I feel down but nowadays I always find the motivation to get back up.  Because put simply deep down I believe that sobriety is worth it.  Life is worth it...Thanks folks for letting me share.  This is one form of me celebrating my milestone.  Feel free to ask me anything.
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats 5 years is awesome!
Thanks for sharing your story with us and congratulations on five years! What do you think has helped you the most in staying sober?
Congratulations!!! 
Congratulations that's awesome! Thank you for sharing :) IWNDWYT 
