-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9m9epq/uninspired/

Hey everyone last time I checked my badge was incorrect but I have 117 days sober currently (can't figure out how to fix my day count on here). As the title says I'm currently very uninspired to continue my sobriety...It's not that I think I can get away with drinking because I know I can't. I'm aware of the damage it's caused me in my life and I'm aware that I am truly alcoholic no getting around it. I know that if I drink again I'll end up in the same rock bottom hole I was in 4 months ago or deeper. But despite all of this I just don't really want to continue to be sober. I crave alcohol. I am taking naltrexone for the cravings and I don't think it's helping very much because I crave it in my soul. ..I recently started a new job at a very high end restaurant in the city. The stress is a lot to handle. I've slacked on working my program. I'm off today and I should go to a meeting call my sponsor or read the big book... but I just *don't want to.* I don't. I don't feel like doing it any more. I've been "cheating" my sobriety a bit at work. I haven't sipped a drink but I have straw tasted a few cocktails here and there. The flavor is enough to drive me mad. I feel like a shark that just smelled blood. And I know I shouldn't be doing this... but I *want* to. Whiskey was my favorite drink of choice and smelling it is making me crave more...I'm really in a slump I'm doing all the wrong things. I've ghosted my sponsor stopped attending therapy fired my psychiatrist (she was really bad at her job and overcharged me but I haven't searched for a new one). The last meeting I attended was Monday and I usually leave feeling empowered but I left feeling annoyed. Granted it was an NA meeting and I usually prefer AA so that may have been part of it. ..I guess I'm just posting this to get it off my chest. I'm currently in sober living and I want to talk about this but I've been here longer than most of the others and I'm very trusted so I'm worried that my lack of effort will set a bad example for the younger more impressionable girls who look up to me. I feel like being breathalyzed every night and being surrounded by sober people who hold me accountable are the only reasons I haven't fully relapsed yet. But once I make enough money to move out of the sober house and into an apartment I worry that I'll go back to that same place... or rather I'm not worried and I almost want to. I'm very ashamed to admit this...TLDR: 117 days sober and working in a restaurant. Don't really want to be sober anymore but haven't relapsed yet due to living situation
----------immediate responses--------

I'm in AA...See if any of the groups in your area take meetings into detoxes or rehabs.  If they do sign up to go along to a meeting inside...One of my best commitments in AA was taking a meeting to the local detox.  Seeing people who are still in denial or struggling to get clean always reminds me of how far I've come...Good luck.
Here is how I keep it really simple: when I woke up this morning I promised myself that I would not drink today.  I live on the US East Coast and it is 6:49 pm now.  At midnight tonight all bets are off and I really mean that.  I'll deal with tomorrow... tomorrow. I am drinking my favorite Poland Spring flavored water.  Right now life is good...until midnight.  You can do it...tonight... really.
I'm impressed that you're being so open and sharing about it. I've been in that place too where I just didn't *want* to keep doing what worked. I didn't share about it I just stopped doing what had worked. And it inevitably led to a relapse which was in some ways worse than it'd ever been before. It's a place I don't want to be back in that's for sure...This time around I'm working on developing  smart feet  - I'm going to meetings just literally for the sake of going to meetings. I don't think about if I want to go or whether I'm going to enjoy it I just go. It's like brushing my teeth I don't debate with myself about whether I want to brush my teeth I just do it because I know that I don't want the consequences of not doing it...Another thing that's working for me this time around is being more conscious about developing a relationship with my Higher Power. When I'm not feeling into in I ask for willingness. And sometimes I'm not into it. Change is uncomfortable and sometimes hard. But I can want to be willing when I'm not feeling it if that makes sense...Anyway thanks for sharing. All we can speak for is today so I will not drink with you today.
&gt; I am taking naltrexone for the cravings and I don't think it's helping very much because I crave it in my soul. ..(Responded to this on the other thread as well) If you are already taking Naltrexone you should look into using it following the Sinclair Method. TSM really saved my life it just kills any desire to drink.
