-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mhgzq/day_20but_its_also_day_4/

For context and as briefly as I can  an outline of how I got here. Drank a little in my teens the odd house party etc and then went out with friends when 18. Drinking that wouldn't impress a doctor but nothing unusual for someone of that age...Alcoholism developed fairly quickly and I was knocking back at least half bottles of vodka daily in my early 20s. Met a girl and was sober for just shy of five years. During that time I got a degree and worked in my dream job as a music journalist...We broke up came out with my head held high and didn't relapse. Then over the next year or two for many many reasons I could go into detail about I suffered from clinical depression which led to you guessed it relapse...The past two years have been hellish I've suffered psychotic breaks been a missing person and in the past year been on and off again with my sobriety...It's day 20 of my sobriety but I also say day 4 as I got money on Friday. The past few months I've been sober more than I've been drunk but it's easy to be sober when you simply can't get booze. Inevitably I'd drink when I got money...This time I haven't. I've had help by taking disulfirum (Antabuse) tablets (and got back on my antidepressants) but that step in itself I hope shows a change in my thinking...My flat is still an absolute hovel but I've begun to work on getting it cleaned up. With help from the antidepressants (which are also a mild sedative) I'm no longer suffering from insomnia. I have my appetite back. I no longer have my overgrown patchy facial hair  . I may not look great but I already look a hell of a lot better than I did. I've caught up on my phone and broadband bills so i still have Netflix to occupy me  . I'm not looking forward to the hassle and stress of job hunting which I'll be required to do again in December (legally signed off for medical reasons) but I am looking forward to getting a job and no longer living hand to mouth...This weekend past I helped my sister set up a music recital for her pupils and presented her with a bouquet at the end. In just under a fortnight I'll be seeing one of my oldest friends get married and seeing other dear friends I haven't seen in a while as they're in another city...I'm still anxious about going returning to AA but I hope to do so once I've got all the basics back in place again...Everything was so hopeless before but now that I've got this ember of hope going again I know I need to tend it and stoke it. When the alcoholic voice in me has tried to persuade me to skip my meds I've necked them immediately...and isn't that what this is all about? Stopping 'that voice' from having power over you?..Anyway just needee to unload a bit and maybe hoping for some words of encouragement...I hope everyone here is doing well IWNDWYT...
----------immediate responses--------

Hi there! Sounds like you've been on a helluva journey. I feel you about the pain of coming back after a relapse - I'm also coming back after one and it's hard to realize how much deeper I dug my hole and what I threw away. But I've also learned a lot about what I need to do to support my sobriety and how important it is to keep doing that even when things are going well. And I've also learned to value and prioritize it more because without my sobriety I won't have anything...As far as going back to AA goes I've been going back to some meetings that I was at before and it hasn't been any sort of a big deal to go back. People have been nonjudgmental and supportive. A lot of people go out and only a fraction of them come back so I think people are mostly just glad when someone makes it back...Congratulations on the progress that you're making!   IWNDWYT 
Congrats and welcome back!  Glad to hear you're getting your feet back underneath you.  You're doing a lot of good stuff and I'm excited to see you building momentum.  IWNDWYT
Welcome back!  No need to get anything set before going to AA.  Come as you are.
