-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mhwcv/another_badge_reset_another_tale_of_caution/

Back to day one for me today. I've been slipping the past month or two. Started a new well paying job but with that came stress and anxiety that I was not well prepared to handle.  Bouts of drinking and unemployment have left me with debts to clear up and those ghosts are starting to come out of the woodwork. Instead of dealing with them rationally I broke down and gave up. Depression and anxiety ramped up and so did drinking because now that I have an awesome job I can spare $20 for a handle right? Wrong. All Wrong. Well that handle is gone and I will go to any length to not buy another one...&amp;#x200B;..September 20th 2017 I made the decision to get sober for myself so I could start building the type of life I want to live instead of merely surviving with whatever life I happened to get. It's been over a year now and I'm sad to say my longest time without a drink has been 183 days. I've gotten to announce my 6 month anniversary once my 3 month anniversary twice and my 60 days thrice. I've strung together a baby amount of sobriety and caught a glimpse of what that life I want to live looks like. But in moments of weakness I've lost faith in myself...&amp;#x200B;..I wasn't sure about AA when I showed up to my first meeting at 3 days sober. I wasn't sure about it when I went to a speaker group near me that someone recommended. When I declared that group my home group after going consistently for 3 months I still wasnt sure about it. But I kept going. I looked for other meetings and found some that I liked to attend with some regularity but I never really left a meeting feeling that much better. More often than not I found my urge to drink higher after a meeting than it had been an hour before. I stick out my hand and introduce myself to people I don't know but that's usually about as far as it goes. I'm not great at keeping conversation up with someone I don't know. I've gotten better at it the more meetings I go to finding what format and what groups mesh well for me. ..&amp;#x200B;..But I can't seem to get a hang of this fellowship thing. That's where I lost my faith. I found what i believed to be my personal higher power in the collection of wisdom that every Group Of Drunks in those rooms have. And I lost faith that I could be a part of it because of this inability to make friends. I've exchanged numbers with a dozen or so people. I've had temp sponsors and one longer term that I sat and worked with a bit. No matter how many people I introduced myself to or attempted small talk with I still felt like an outsider looking in. In my most recent relapse (30ish days) I stopped going to meetings entirely. No one I had given my number to tried to reach out ask where I'd been. On the other side of the coin I didn't reach out to any of them either. I couldn't convince myself they'd remember me much less care about what's going on or be able to help.  ...Maybe that sponsor wasn't a good match. Maybe convincing my alcoholic mother to come to my home group to see what it's all about was a horrible decision because then that space no longer felt safe for me. Lessons learned...&amp;#x200B;..Maybe I need to give AA another shot. Maybe it's time to give another program a try. I'm not sure what my ultimate path to sobriety is going to be but I know it starts with not stopping at the store and not buying that next bottle. That's my first real test in about 2 hours when I leave work and start the 15 minute drive home. I've only been driving the route maybe 5 weeks but I know where every liquor store is on the way. I haven't stopped at all of them but I've noted where they are almost like a bad habit...&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT. Just for today I am committing to driving past those stores and getting home with no alcohol to drink. I already know how much better I'll feel when I wake up tomorrow morning.  ...Thank you. I'll pass.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back!  I'm so sorry to hear no one reached out when you went AWOL.  That would have made me feel even worse and probably helped me rationalize drinking even more...I'm struggling to find fellowship at AA too plus I'm quite introverted and finding meetings to be more of an energy drain than a bolster to my sobriety.  The only two times I've _really_ wanted to drink were after I felt burned out from an AA meeting and then again after I felt burned out from a SMART meeting.  ..So far the only community I've felt fellowship with is /r/stopdrinking.  I'm going to look into online AA and SMART meetings instead of going to ones in meatspace.  I'm interested in following a program but so far I feel like I put way more time/energy into meetings than I get back out...I see you have just a bit over an hour before your "test".  I'm setting a timer for 2 hours and I'd be delighted to come back after that and see that you've left a comment here that you made it home without making a booze run...IWNDWYT but I will be back in 2 hours :-)
My suggestion to you would be to do the steps before you give up on AA. Meetings and fellowship won't keep you sober. The steps are the whole deal. The rest is just an opportunity to talk about the steps and meet people who know how to do them.
Usually after I've tried and failed to figure out where the problem is I'm left realizing the problem lies with me...Maybe you're like me. 
Don't beat yourself up. You are tryingand I think you will eventually be successful in your sobriety. Not to make you feel weird but I stalked your old Reddit posts and you seem to be on an upward trend towards self improvement. Your first posts on Reddit were pure booze. Look at you now...theyre all about sobriety. It seems like you really want sobriety. That is the key to success. Really wanting it.  ..IWNDWYT!
Hi OP just popping by to see how you're doing.  IWNDWYT
