-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mlhf6/two_paths_split_in_opposite_directions_in_front/

I'm a closeted ex-Mormon coping with living a lie through alcohol. I've only been avidly drinking for about four months but it's slowly consuming me. It's all I think about. It's all I want. I look forward to the evening when I can sneak away to my stash and sail away. Drinking has exacerbated my struggle with bipolar disorder has contributed significantly to my putting on 35 pounds in these past four months and has inched me closer to suicide. I'm starting to scare myself but I haven't fucked up majorly. Yet. Though if I keep this up catastrophe is inevitable. Where do I start when in spite of all of this I don't want to stop?..I'm living in a mire of lies and I'm being swallowed whole. I lie to myself when I insist I can keep everything under control. I lie to my friends and family and say I'm getting better. I pretend my medications are stronger than whiskey and I pretend that - deep down - I don't want to choke down all my pills at once and hope I don't wake up. My smile is a crack in porcelain. I'm losing my grip on reality...I'm sorry for the novel. I can't write and drink at the same time. So I'm writing as long as I can.
----------immediate responses--------

I wasn't in the same circumstance but if I had been I would consider seeing a doctor to help me quit...It sounds like you are ready to stop drinking but just need a little help doing so...Thanks for sharing and come back here often!
Welcome.  I found the idea of quitting drinking to be scarier than the reality.  When I thought of how I would unwind enjoy myself celebrate escape cope socialize etc without alcohol I panicked.  But I decided to just commit to one month without alcohol and see if I could use that time to learn to truly enjoy life again without alcohol.  To learn about addiction and recovery.  To grow and become more myself than I was allowing myself to be.  One month is doable right?  And if it went well I'd try for three.  And if I could make it three well I'm sure I'd learn something valuable after that amount of time.  So I tried a month of not drinking but not just waiting for that time to elapse; actually using the time to learn and grow.  And it worked for me.  ..Starting is as simple as not picking up the drink not taking the first sip.  Just not drinking today.  There is a daily checkin on this sub that I have used and many others use.  In the morning a pledge is taken to not drink today.  Thousands of us pledging to not drink today supporting each other in our convictions.  
Hey Poly..One road is dark long and ultimately dead ends. The other might be a harder path in some ways but ultimately leads to a really fun healthy great life. Don't wait until you have a catastrophe. Get on the right path now. Btw it doesn't have to be a punishment. It is actually really great to feel good get rid of hangovers start getting back to your hobbies do well at work etc....you can do this! Good luck!
