-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mpas5/another_epic_checkin_post_because_sd_is_here_for/

Hi everyone! How's it going?..I had an excellent surprise yesterday. I got a text out of the blue from a friend who I met here on SD back in the day. A lot has happened for both of us since the last time that we talked and it was nice to catch up. And it was a good reminder that I've got more support available to me than I remember or use...I'm still sorta secretly in isolation mode. I'm going to meetings and talking to people but I'm struggling with reaching out. It's something that I've got to learn to do for my own sake but it's pretty hard for me. I don't know it's just something that I've never been good at. I'm social when things are good I just don't really know how to do it when I'm struggling. ..It's something that I'm working on in therapy and at least now I can identify a) that it's something that I'm doing and b) where it comes from. But it's something that I'm going to have to keep working on changing. It's a huge part of getting the support that I need to stay sober and it goes completely against my own deeply ingrained survival instincts. So I can be gentle with myself around that but I can also keep trying...I went to a totally new meeting last night in a totally different neighborhood. I was gonna check out a women's meeting but misjudged my travel time so I ended up at this new to me [Twelve Steps And Twelve Traditions](https://www.aa.org/pages/en_US/twelve-steps-and-twelve-traditions) meeting. ..I talked to a very nice woman who's also fairly new to the program but she was able to recommend a Friday night women's meeting and also recommended that Arts meeting that I've been hearing about. I've found that talking to people at meetings is a great way to find out about good meetings so I'm gonna try and check both of those out this week...Last night's 12 &amp; 12 wasn't on Step Two (I always seem to stumble into Step Two meetings) it was on Tradition Ten which is the one about how AA don't give a shit about anything except getting people sober so don't even try getting us involved in your nonsense. ..In my previous encounters with AA I didn't pay *any* attention to the traditions but this time around they seem a lot more relevant. I'm buying into the program and these are the guidelines that apply to the groups that I now consider myself a part of. And they're actually pretty sensible guidelines for doing a lot of things. ..I can see how Tradition Ten makes sense for AA as a whole but on a personal level it also resonates with my own experiences in getting sober. I have to care about my sobriety way more than I care about anything else. Period. Because in the past I've stopped drinking and as soon as I seemed fairly established in that I've moved my attention and energy on to other areas of my life. Looking back that has been the mistake that has sunk me...Other areas of my life need attention and energy don't get me wrong. I'm not going to make recovery the only thing that I do. But I realize now that I need to maintain a singleness of purpose in my life around my sobriety. It sucks admitting it. I would like to get sober and then pretend that I don't *really* have a problem with drinking and so I don't *really* need to keep working on it and going to meetings. But that arrogant fantasy has already cost me greatly so I have to give it up. ..I *have to* care less about other things than I care about maintaining my sobriety. Have to. It's not something that I'm choosing to do  cos I'm such a great person and I'm working on my personal and spiritual development. I'm not staying involved in my recovery support groups because I'm such a great person and I want to give back and stay involved. This is what I have to do to have any sort of a decent life. ..I have to give up any ideas that keep me separated from my recovery groups. I have to avoid getting involved in any drama that may emerge. And I have to maintain focus on my recovery and not get distracted by other issues in my life. It's what I have to do to maintain my sobriety and I have to maintain my sobriety to have a decent life. ..Some people get sober and seem to figure out how to just keep trucking along in a sober life without putting much work into it. I don't necessarily think that this is what has to happen for everyone. I don't know everyone I only know me. And what I know is that I've tried doing that in the past and it fell apart pretty fast so I now know that this is what I have to do to for me...Anyway I got a bunch of outside issues to take care of today but y'all are in my thoughts and prayers. Keep going...Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) Ginger_Sprout I always love reading your posts :)
Thank you for this.  AA has worked for me before and I'm ready to give it another go since me trying this my way for the past year is not working.  So your post is inspiring...I like the singleness of purpose.    Thanks for the reminder.  IWNDWYT 
Thanks for sharing. I always like reading your posts. It is interesting and helpful to learn what others are doing for their sobriety. :)
Thank you! Getting this is what is different this time. Without being sober I cannot even begin to start anything else.
