-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mu2vz/resist_the_urge_to_rush/

How do I start..So I'm sitting here in San Jose and working with this amazing job that pays me well and has allowed me to get my shit together without causing me any unnecessary challenges.  And I'm struggling...  Struggling to stay awake struggling to focus struggling to sit up straight and struggling to keep my personal life together...I keep coming back to this thought that I'm a professional struggler.  My life rarely if ever feels like I'm making serious progress.  In fact I'm usually always trying to piece together my plans and ideas like a shattered record.  My head hurts from the activity and makes me conscious of the effects of years of alcohol abuse which brings pride and shame.  ..The insight I have here is why do I need to resist feeling like I am a beginner all the time.  When this feeling is present I need to look at my experience from the perspective of a beginner's mind because I never can know enough about whatever I'm doing working on or talking about.  If I can let that go the need to not be a beginner then I can get started with making my plan on  how to start today'...I definitely feel the strong desire to write as a part of my recovery and coupled with meditation studying rest and family time there isn't much else that I'm interests me.  The entire theme of this recovery stage of my life is to be kind and patient and know that the healing will happen if I'm willing to do the work and am kind to myself and others.  Many of the mistakes I've made in the past are a result of my self-centered behavior--pleasure seeking and lack of consideration of how my actions and words make others feel.  My wife told me that I am a different person when I drink.  This was a really sobering realization because I thought that I was fun but I that is a delusion; the party has been over for a long time...What am I dealing with then?  Well you're in the middle of the brain fog that comes with potentially dealing with the state of things and the reboot of your system as it starts to begin to trust you enough to move the function back to a state of repair and rejuvenation.  You've been hard on your body for quite some time and that will take time to regenerate.  It's okay not to have a plan and to feel uncertain about what is happening.  It's not okay to put yourself back into the position of feeling like there's something wrong or consider giving up because it's too hard...The phrase that keeps popping into my head is 'what do I do? what do I do?'  As if years of pressure in the form of this question are beginning to seep into my consciousness.  In the past I would pet the question patronizingly like one of those helpless designer dogs cooing "don't worry my precious I'm already planning your next drink"...IWNDWYT I guess is the immediate answer but I want more insight and excitement.  I'm almost 14 days in and my assumption is the collective wisdom is patience.  Is that all there is to do? 
----------immediate responses--------

Great post! Keep posting!
I agree we become different people when we drink and usually not in a good way.  The sober mind can view the drunken mind and see the exact opposite...Brain fog like all fogs eventually dissipates.  Hope yours goes away soon...IWNDWYT
I waited patiently and at the same time delved as deeply as my psyche allowed.  Because there is a natural progression in awareness any concept cannot be rushed or surpassed by my own mind at any given stage of learning I can only go more deeply and then emerge with a greater grasp on a concept before I graduate to learning the next.  That process has been quite exciting in and of itself to participate in as I go longer in sobriety.  It's extraordinary.  Sobriety has re-opened the doors of perception for me onto a richer landscape than I remember.  I am so grateful for it.  It has been a gradual change so that's where patience has played its role.  I bet your writing ends up exploding at some point.  I wish you joy and patience on your path this stuff is Good.  IWNDWYT 
