-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mu670/struggling_narcissistic_mom_just_visited_i_need/

My mom pushes every single button I have. She just visited for a long weekend and I'm feeling super weak very criticized and absolutely terrible about myself. And then yesterday my boyfriend of four months - who has been showing a lot of red flags - revealed himself to be an angry controlling dude and now I know I need to break up with him. I have a date set with him tomorrow and plan to tell him then that it's not working out. ..I feel paper-thin fragile and like an absolute disaster of a person. ..I won't drink with you today. I may cry a whole lot though. 
----------immediate responses--------

Parents always seem to know which buttons to push depending on their intent.  Yes I agree that now is not the time to be around anyone angry or controlling.  You come first...I will join you in not drinking today/tonight.
Oh shit that's a lot all at one time! I would be crying a lot too...I'm glad you aren't spiraling down by drinking. You realize the boyfriend is bad news and it is going to suck breaking up but you are better off without him. I'm glad you love yourself more than him. ..Counteract that negative self talk. ..Good job on how you are handling it though. Whatever it takes my friend.
Take care of yourself!! You deserve to pamper yourself. Take a nice hot bath eat chocolate and celebrate you You have maintained your sobriety for a very long time!! I will not drink with you today!!
Damn. That's rough. Do you have some safe supportive friends IRL that you can cry on and spend time with? If not maybe a meeting so you aren't alone? You've got 147 days so I know you are tough and will get through it. IWNDWYT.
Hugs. I wish not drinking solved everything else as well.
Hang in there girl!! Been there on both accounts
Remember they win if you drink.
I cried all the way through work yesterday . I'm staying with a nitemare I was once married to .  Yes all the emotional drama seems doubled up when sober . The thing I'm finding is after the tears and the dispare  I'm glad I didn't add alcohol and all it's drama ! So cry ! Scream ! Pout ! It's ok !! IWDWYT 
I wish I knew what it was like to have a mom. 
It looks like your mom has problems and she knows it. It is hard to ignore her criticism try!! Don't let it to get to you! Ask universities for help. Start thinking positive about yourself and life will turn around! 
You sound like you are standing strong and taking charge. Good for you. You've got this!!!
I'm sorry to hear about your struggles. But let's take a minute and celebrate your 147 fucking days sober! What an accomplishment!..And yes it sounds like the guy needs to go. Be strong and do what's best for yourself. Make sure to be nice to yourself. It might not seem like it now but trust that you've got a lot of good things going for you and many more to come!
Hugs hugs hugs so many hugs to you. &lt;3 You're doing so good you can keep it up. I've found every time I exercise my opportunities to chose staying sober that muscle gets a little stronger. ..Cry it our sister it helps. I will not drink with you today/tonight. &lt;3 
Sorry to hear about your situation. The pushing buttons issue flat sucks. On the dude front you may want to just say you need time and space to cure the alcohol issue. If he is angry and controlling that can be explosive if it turns into a heated argument. I would definitely protect my sobriety at all costs...I think you are making the right moves and I am rooting for you. Hold mom at arms length. Geesh... and IWNDWYT 
You are important!.IWNDWYT
The only thing that says  problem  in your post is 100% not you and beyond your control. Be strong. 
Like I said in another thread alcohol won't fix shit. Love your username! Stay strong. 
Alcohol won't help. Crying is fine though! Good luck to you! I promise staying sober is the best choice (but you knew that already!).
The only thing that helps me with my mom (bpd) is repeating over and over to myself "No one can make me drink."    ...So sorry you're going through this.
[removed]
My overly critical mom has been a reason for me to drink in the past too amazing how as a mature woman I still let her get to me.  And a useless boyfriend in top of that!  Ugh.  After you break up with him tomorrow just get yourself home to a lot of self care and take it easy giving yourself a break from life candle lit bath massage chocolate...whatever floats your boat!  IWNDWYT 
I'm absolutely not going to drink with you today and I may even cry with you a little. I really resonate with your phrase "I feel paper thin." I hope you treat yourself a little today! I'll be pulling for you!
Oh Baby!  Hugs to you!  Still here you are not drinking.  I remember one teacher saying "It's not what you are feeling it's what you are *doing*" and you are *doing* extraordinarily well under the circumstances.  Cry all you need! And no more.  You have the force of SD behind you! IWNDWYT
Head over to r/raisedbynarcissists they might be able to help you with your mom. Far as today you did great not drinking over everything. I'm proud of you. You can do this. IWNDWYT 
Arghhhh. My Mum pushes my buttons too and it's super stressful...&amp;#x200B;..Nothing that drinking would make better though. IWDWYT!..P.S. Lose the bf as soon as he reveals the angry streak. Wish someone had told me that 5 years ago. Still cleaning up the mess that was my marriage.
Crying is better than drinking - hang in there.
Break up with him before the date sounds like he might not let you if you meet him tomorrow 
