-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mw7gh/progress_is_like_a_spiral_staircase/

I've been thinking a lot about the nature of progress as I rack up some days of not drinking. As many people experience there's been a fundamental shifting of everything in my day-to-day life and happiness and soul and relationships that has followed since that decision months ago. As the SD wisdom goes stopping drinking in and of itself has not fixed most of my problems but rather has placed me in a vastly more optimal position from which to do so. This has felt both good and depressing especially after my pink cloud floated off to help other souls in need after seeing me on my way. I have gotten more used to the incredible relief that was not having to feel like a total shithead all the time. I've landed in my actual life. Even if I'm not fucking dancing in the street anymore I am beyond grateful to be where I am right now on literally every axis of existence...So I've got a lot of good shit going on now maintaining good health the sport of weightlifting figuring out how to be productive figuring out how to treat chronic low-grade depression (quitting drinking DID vaporize half of that immediately) figuring out how to actually be interested in doing things. The roadmap is just a whole lot clearer without the haze of alcohol without my life being centered around that chase. And... so much more time and energy...The clarity has also brought me regular disappointment because I am regularly failing at things I'm trying to do. And I see the failures more clearly now that I'm actually present in my life to keep track of all my initiatives. It's sort of a bummer that I really don't have my shit together in a lot of inexcusably fundamental ways. I worry all the time that I've already burned through my "stopping-drinking-magic-momentum" like that countdown when you have a power-up in a video game. ..As a counter that I keep going back to something an herbalist told me last year when she was treating my severe acne. As anyone who has struggled with acne knows there's a lot of mental ninja-ry involved in not wanting to fucking kill yourself on a daily basis while waiting for whatever you're trying to do to heal your face to work. Things seem to begin to get better and then you have a break out and your world collapses. But... in that total devastation you didn't notice that the break out this time was slightly less bad than the one you had last time...It's probably super obvious to a lot of people but it really wasn't to me. I thought I would share it because it brought me a lot of comfort then and it's bringing me a lot of comfort now. It's also helping me to be more rational...Sorry for going on and on before getting to my point. ..Progress can be like a spiral staircase as opposed to perhaps another structure you maybe had in mind. Sometimes you don't move from shithead -&gt; great person lazy and short-sighted -&gt; driven and productive. Sometimes it's more like you are a shithead and then you do some good stuff and you think fuck yes! you are a great person now! -&gt; ah crap you find yourself being a fucking shithead again but less so than last time... and then you are doing even more good stuff -&gt; but then FUCK kind of a shithead again but OK even LESS destructive this round! Each turn of the spiral staircase inevitably brings you back around to the same pain points but on each turn you're also advancing upwards as you climb the staircase to where you want to go...Anyway I hope looking at it that way can maybe help some people who find themselves feeling less shiny and new these days...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Awesome. Nice work on 137! Great post!
Great post. Thank you    
Love the metaphor. Thanks for your great post!
Yes fantastic post!    
Thank you for your insightful post! This is 100% spot on and exactly what my experience has been like. It's part of my perfectionist thinking to beat myself up when I'm fucking up again but you're right it's so helpful to maintain perspective about where I actually am and how far I've come. IWNDWYT 
