-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9mydah/badge_reset_i_relapsed/

Well I had 67 days (sort of) and I decided to request a badge reset.  I've been slipping recently (a drink or three here or there) for the past 3 weeks.  Nothing big but a slip nonetheless.  The problem is how easy it was becoming.  And like many have posted in the past I could see myself easing into the old routine with great comfort.  But what I did notice was that horrible anxiety that comes with drinking too much showed up with much less alcohol.  In fact I experienced it when I only had 2 glasses of wine.  It is still the worst feeling ever.  But the biggest problem is the loss of confidence that comes with drinking.  When I didn't drink I knew my decisions weren't fueled by alcohol that I could work out because I wasn't hung over that I would sleep at night AND that I was taking care of myself.  Since I started treating myself to "just an occasional glass" I am eating pepperoni pizzas not working out and I'm tired and not motivated.  I want my old sober self back.   I need this to stop now.  This minute. So friends here I am at Day 1 again.  IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome back. Oh how It loves to deceive and make us think we can/need to drink. Congrats on realizing it and coming back to sobriety.  IWNDWYT.
As a lot of us have found moderation is a ve-ry slippery slope.  Good for you on recognizing that and recommitting before you were right back where you were...And I totally get you on the associated bad habits thing.  It's not *just* the couple of drinks that's unhealthy - it's the junk food we eat when we're drunk or buzzed the greasy food we use to get going the next day and the anxiety and lethargy that keeps us unmotivated.
One day at a time. 
Yup - more follow-up anxiety experienced with less and less alcohol. This is absolutely the case with me. In addition the relief/enjoyment provided by alcohol is practically nonexistent. If alcohol felt like this when I first started drinking I would have stopped immediately. I remind myself that I am craving something that I no longer have the ability to experience via alcohol. 
Some redditors moderate and reduce their alcohol intake using naltrexone and the Sinclair method. ..Some redditors quit drinking completely by getting the vivitrol shot each month or the naltrexone implant every 3 months. .
I tell myself all the time I can moderate myself but that never happens. 99 percent of the time I drink till I pass out. You can do this! I had my first sober 2 days off in a long time this week. Have to work tonight I will not be going to work hung over cause I drank 20 beers my first day off like I usually do. Almost 7 days sober. If you fall down get right back up. Team effort we all got this! 
I'm day 3 now requested badge reset but I've tried 2 times and nothing happened. I'm with you my brother and have same experience. What motivates me to start 100% sober now are restfull nights and productive days. I've drunk big wine glass 450ml yesterday filled with cherry  soda :) And enjoyed it. Fingers crossed strong will..
Glad you are back here. 
[removed]
Moderation is a slippery slope. I learned a lot from beginning to moderate in recent weeks. Like you My anxiety kicked in with even small amounts of alcohol. I was so much more in-tune with how it was effecting me (sleep anxiety digestive issues foggy brain) even when only having a few drinks.. but a few drinks quickly turned into a bottle of wine every other night (for almost 2 weeks) and then I was like wait a minute that was too easy to get back here with drinking. This is why I wanted to get sober in the first place so right back to sobriety I went. Some days are still tough but I've done it before as you have and it does get easier.  Im almost to the double digits of days again and I'm just trying to be very kind with myself I'm going to join a gym today and work on shifting my focus away from  I can't drink  to I don't want to drink. Good luck! IWNDWYT 
Way to dust yourself and get up again. Welcome back. IWNDWYT 
By the time Christmas rolls around you'll have more days than you just did at 67. IWNDWYT!
We missed you !!!YAY yOU back!!!Let's GO!!!!
It's ok. You're still here. You still have the desire to quit. Drinking always falls short of your expectations when it's time to sit the bottle down for good. It's dead weight.
Wow yeah I was around day 90 recently. May have been 82. I had a binge of 3 weeks. I haven't ran I haven't lifted my diet is completely awful. Anxiety completely took over me following a day that I had half a liter of scotch but it's been awful since that very first night. I'm on day 6 now. Anxiety is still higher than normal depression as well. Nothing is worth going through these withdrawals again. ..Thank you for sharing this. Your situation speaks to me at a time when I'm thinking that this isn't a normal reaction to alcohol. It's good to know I'm not alone. You'll get through this buddy. You got to see the cold hard contrast of your system on the drink versus sobriety. We're better faster stronger without it. And we'll look and feel so much better when we can stick to our workout regimens and eat like real people!..Go get em tiger!
It's crazy how quickly our good habits disappear when we start drinking again. I'm just returning from a 3 week relapse after 3 months sober. Before I took that first drink I was working out regularly eating well following a routine sleeping well etc. As soon as I took up that first beer all those habits went out the window. Like night and day. ..I also experienced the heightened anxiety with less alcohol. I've heard a lot of people say it gets worse every time we go back and I'm starting to see how true that is. ..Good for you for coming back. It's my day 1 too. We can do this!
You did what we do. But you also did something different: you were open and honest about your drinking. That is a very good sign. It means that your desire to get better is genuine. Start over keep going. What i did was find lots of support. It makes it so much easier. There's lots out there so find what you can relate to what helps you. It helps to do lots of recovery things in the beginning. Maybe do some type of support group. There are many out there. It is good to be with others like us. They get it. Thanks for your honesty.
Thank you for sharing. I've been trying to quit for a couple weeks I always seem to think I can handle just a couple beers then before I know it I'm 12 deep on a Tuesday. Today I'm full of shame regret and embarrassment. I will not drink today however I'm already nervous about tomorrow. 
Welcome back. You got this! IWNDWYT
Agreed.  When you go back to drinking you are super aware of all the things that make drinking not fun.  You can't un-see it.  I think that's a blessing.  I won't drink with you today. 
Day 1 sucks.  I couldn't take the hangover today so I had a beer.  A far cry from the pint I polished off.    Fuck I need to quit
Day one here also. Your post sounds exactly like me. The anxiety is going to kill me if I don't stop now. The anxiety has gotten so ridiculously bad that I can't even have just two drinks without it affecting me. It's probably one of my biggest reasons for quitting this time around. Good luck! IWNDWYT 
That's rough but it also sounds like you learned a lot from this experience. For me no amount of alcohol is safe and I had to try and fail to moderate my drinking before I figured it out. Losing those days of sobriety hurts I'm sure but I think you're stronger and will do better on your next dry run. Good job. IWDWYT.
Good reminder thanks
That's awesome that you're recognizing the slips now before you end up deeper in the pit. I absolutely know how easy it is to fall into those old habits...and how quickly it can happen. I've had some cravings this week that were mainly anxiety/stress triggered but last night I just went through the whole process in my head and recognized that even if I had a couple drinks (and managed to keep it at a couple drinks) it wouldn't even be satisfying for me...so why start again at all? Welcome back we are all here for you!
I needed this story as a reminder...I always repeat this same pattern.
That anxiety is bloody terrible. I'm on day three...again and jeepers I feel like I'm about to fall over if someone so much as looks at me
