-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9n5gog/none_of_yall_know_me/

I'm struggling. Not going to lie I'm struggling quite a bit. What many would define as "good" I'm really not doing well with. ..For starters my wife is very much ready to take me back. Yep the guy who shit on that marriage threw away that wedding ring and sprayed shit stink all over whatever one would call this marriage... he gets a 50th chance. I get that people would kill for that kind of forgiveness but I can't help but be sickened at how readily she is to give it all back to me. I don't deserve it. ..And earlier today my boss asked me very specific questions about my drinking which led me to the understanding he's been fed inside info about the situation so I told him what's up. He asked if I was aware of what the ex had told HR and I laughed and said I didn't care. When he told me and I learned it was fairly misrepresenting of the situation I showed him some stuff (thank god for that. I thought I was a psycho for holding onto some of that stuff but had I known what she'd say I would have had the kit and caboodle at the ready) and he was relieved. ..Nonetheless the boss is practically rolling out the carpet to get me back in the game. I don't think that's good. I'm aghast at how willing some of these people are to take me back into their good Grace's. I can't begin to describe how hard it is to sleep at night. How bad I feel about what I have done or how much I recognize whom I've hurt. I almost want people to dislike me or spit at me. I don't trust how easily people can brush aside what I've done as I know I'm not like that and they deserve better...To bring it back to the wife I was screwing around on her when she was pregnant. I went on a vacation with the mistress mere weeks after she'd given birth. She packed my suitcase for that. She should hate me...The ex hates my guts but I have a sneaking suspicion she doesn't know how bad she should hate me. I'm pretty sure I contacted her parents in one of my drunken episodes and told them stuff that would make them want to disown her. And by "pretty sure" I mean I read replies to messages that confirm they know more about us than they had earlier in the day. Directly reference things that I knew would flip their world... and I know that I had evidence of these things so god help me I don't know what I may have done and I feel sick at the thought. I don't know why I did any of that. It was as if I was trying to make I and everyone around me miserable...It's like that one time I got stabbed... I woke up knowing that things could be worse but I genuinely felt like I hadn't endured enough as it was. I knew I had lucked out but part of me feels like I got off too easy all things considered...I'm not drinking with you today but damn... I'm regretting the days I did more than ever right now.
----------immediate responses--------

Luck runs out eventually. 
Therapy to help you accept that you are worthy and deserving of the chance you have been given? Or to beat yourself up enough that you can let it go and move on with life? IDK I know I was a POS but I can't keep beating myself up or I will just drink again. Just trying to become a better person from my current actions here on out - its really all I have control over.... kinda lol...Hope you get to feeling better [High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg)
You can't control what other people think of you. You can't control how they dole out their forgiveness. You can only whether you receive it or not. If these people know the truth and have decided to forgive you that's their right. You have an opportunity to make it right with them by changing your behaviour and showing them the love they're showing to you if you want to...I know the feeling of wanting other people to hurt me the way I felt I deserved to be hurt but I don't have the right to decide how they should feel or think. I can only control me. I have been astounded by how kind and forgiving other people can be while I have been so selfish and hurtful in my drinking and even in my sobriety. But all I can do is be humbled by it and try to love others the way I have been loved. The 12 steps have been incredibly transformative for me in that process. They showed me where I had gone wrong and gave me the opportunity to clear away my mistakes and the guilt and shame that came with them...
I think we humans  act out when we aren't in touch with how we really feel and then do things like have affairs even though we love our spouses. Therapy often helps...
