-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9n72of/these_last_6_months_are_too_little_too_late/

I know that's not a helpful thought. But I'm struggling. I have a diagnosis of an extremely rare health issue after having surgery not even 3 months ago for a similar thing. It's just been an endless stream of unbearable shit for awhile now that's not even close to the start of it. When I consider the 9 years I spent drinking and smoking pot and cigarettes basically every day I feel like I must deserve this like I must have done this to my body. There's no way to know for sure but it definitely didn't help. Yesterday the seed of this thought like what am I even doing this sober thing for went through my mind and I keep batting it away but then it comes back out of no where. I'm just moving through a dark cloud right now trying to prepare myself for another surgery. I'm scared. I know getting loaded won't make anything better. I can literally feel myself just wanting to be in control of something even if that thing is making myself feel worse. It's crazy that I can think  what is the point of enduring this sober  and also know how much more manageable this low is than it would be if I was using. I know how lucky I am to have the resources to handle this issue (like health insurance and a job) and to have been sober today. I know it could be worse. Thanks for being here for me to  say' this  out loud.' I'm not ready at a meeting. 
----------immediate responses--------

Your feelings are totally valid.  I hear you.  It sucks to have stuff go wrong with the body.  Big time.  Please try to be kind to yourself.  ..You don't *deserve* bad health.  It's some horrible shit that happens.  Using substances in the past was likely a way to manage mental pain and anxiety to cope with stress or attempt to escape from some shit.  That's how it was for me anyway.  Just because I picked a stupid treatment plan for my mental shit doesn't mean I *deserve* bad physical health any more than you do.  ..Take a deep breath and know that you're doing all you can to take care of yourself physically.  So don't pick a bad mental health treatment plan now like beating yourself up over the past right?  ..I hope your surgery goes well.  Hang in there. I will not drink with you today.  
I heard a speaker say that active alcoholics are like someone driving a station wagon full of rubbish. When they hit the brakes all the shit flies up to the front and buries them. But we can't clear out the rubbish and drive the car at the same time. I'm wishing you good luck dealing with all this shit. It's not easy.
I am not exactly in your shoes but am perhaps in a pair in the next shoebox over... ..I had breast cancer 4 years ago and went through surgeries and chemo. There is no history of breast cancer in my family I'm negative for the most common mutations etc. Oncologist said it was most likely some mutation not yet known to science that caused it. I went right back to drinking after treatment ironically to help deal with the anxiety of it all. No one in my family or circle of friends questioned how much I drank or how it might possibly be connected to cancer. I never thought about it...But then this summer I saw an article about breast cancer recurrence being much more likely in people who drink even just 1-2 drinks a week. And that scared the bejeezus out of me because needless to say I drank a lot more than that a day...And that's when I realized that I'm *not* like everyone else I know and I *can't* keep drinking. It's simply too dangerous for me. And rather than feeling like that's a curse or that I'm missing out on something (which honestly I still feel like some days) I'm trying really hard to believe is actually a gift. As in I have been given a chance to be kinder to myself and to take care of myself in a way I never have before now. I've always always always put other people first and looked to others for validation and guidance. But now I have to follow my own lead and take care of *me* first. ..I owe it to that me in the operating room who was so scared I begged the doctor to "slip me something extra" to put me under faster. And you deserve it too. You've been through so much already; you deserve the chance to have a healthier future. You don't deserve to poison yourself. You and your body deserve health. And you can do this. 
Thank you. 
