-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9na9fq/any_tips_for_getting_through_the_nights/

Only 3 days alcohol free and I know it's only early days but I'm struggling so much with this restless fidgety feeling. I'm struggling to sleep which feels stupid as was never an everyday drinker. Just a drink till I black out embarrass myself become reckless and impulsive and wake up in a strangers bed kind of drinker. I can't remember the last time I could have 1 glass of wine without ending up 2 bottles deep and stumbling around. .The next day I would suffer panic attacks palpitations and insane levels of anxiety that I thought would go once I made a decision to stop. .It's like now I've decided to not drink I can't stop thinking about it when I've never had a problem going a few days before. .Sorry for the rambling post just having a bad night.
----------immediate responses--------

There are options many options better than drinking tonight...Get Distracted:..* Read a book.* Watch Netflix (I suggest The Office Series).* Play solitare.* Don't look at a phone screen (bright lights will keep you awake)..Get Tired:..* Go for a walk.* Go to a Gym if there are late night ones .* Make a routine..Supplement:..* Magnesium if you are feeling restless (Epsom salt bath also gives you magnesium).* Tryptophan (take it with carbs to be effective).* Peanut butter on Toast (High carb sugar and protein makes you sleepy)
The first week is the toughest. Personally melatonin helped me sleep. For most people sleep improves but only after your body completely adjusts to being alchohol free. Even though you weren't a daily drinker your body and mind are going through an adjustment period.  ..Three days is a huge accomplishment. I didn't start to feel really good until day 9.  ..IWNDWYT!
NyQuil 
 I'm with you. My body/brain is like  where's my night-night medicine?  But it's not so much thinking about drinking that's keeping me awake. It's the floods of emotions thinking about all the things I've neglected in my life because of alcohol catching up to me. We can get through this. One night at a time! IWNDWYT 
I have issues with insomnia too which is a big reason why I continued to drink. I've just stopped fighting it right now and tried to work with it and arrange my life to accommodate the fact that I'm going to be sleeping in a bit later. I am not going to sacrifice sleep right now even if it means getting to bed later. I'm not going to use lack of sleep as an excuse to go back to drinking. Right now I am prioritizing being sober over other obligations. At night I have tried to use the time productively to work research things that interest me read catch up on housework and watch movies. If you reconcile yourself to the fact that you are probably not going to sleep until 3AM anyway there is a huge block of time to work on things that matter to you. I'm trying to see it as a gift of uninterrupted quiet time even though it's a huge pain in the ass. Whatever. IWNDWYT.
