-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ncubb/i_am_sorry_but_i_must_move_on/

Well this is goodbye SD and probably reddit all together. ..I've entered a different head space where I don't think about drinking or worry about counting my days...I had a post a few weeks ago admitting to several relapses. Before that I had nearly 6 months sober...Honestly some of the posts here depress me. I empathize with those of you who are just starting out and trying to navigate the murky waters of sobriety but sticking around here to give advice would drain me of energy that I don't really have to spare. On top of that with the reddit re-design coming I've been using this site less and less. ..I recently met a female who I am extremely compatible with. The kind of female that you wait years and years to meet. She said it was her honor but in reality it is my honor that she agreed to be my girlfriend...She does not drink and it is very clear that she has the best intentions for me and my health. I have some other medical conditions that she has commented on helping me work through and that is a huge weight off my shoulders because it has been an area of insecurity my entire life. An area of insecurity that has been used as an excuse to drink in the past as well...I know it is dangerous to put so much stake into one person; especially early on in sobriety. However I felt like I was already past counting the days before we started officially dating so I'm not  relying  on her per se. ..For many years I felt like I knew the person that I wanted to become the life that I wanted to lead and the family that I wanted to start. But for some reason there was always this mental block of  not being good enough  or something that truly prevented me from accepting my self-worth. It was like sub-consciously I was resisting the personal growth that was needed for me to become a mature functioning adult member of society. ..Now that I have moved past the addiction of alcohol and moved into a more clear head space I have re-discovered self-love. And through re-discovering that self-love I've been able to open up and enter into a relationship that appears to have a bright future. I have not been this happy in a very long time...I appreciate all of the kind words of encouragement and advice that this community has given me since I started this journey earlier this year. I do wish all of you the best in your own fights against alcohol. ..I just want to end this with some of my own words of encouragement. A better life is possible to achieve for anyone no matter what mistakes you've made in the past. If you want to be less depressed more productive and healthier (physically mentally and spiritually) then it all starts with today. Right now. This hour. This minute. This second. That voice that is telling you that you want to drink   that is all it is. A voice. That isn't  you . That voice doesn't have any physical power over your actions. Let it yell let it scream but don't feed it. Because when you feed it then it will come back for more like a stray cat. Stop feeding the stray cat and eventually it is going to start looking somewhere else. ..So thanks again guys. I love each and every one of you. I won't drink with you today tomorrow or ever again. I'm free...Goodbye.
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
Follow the path that best suits you! Compassion and kindness to the self is the most important place to start. I've dived headfirst into meditation this past year and it has changed my life.    .    .Good luck to you!
You don't need to be sorry.  You don't owe us anything no one wants you to stick around and drain yourself on our behalf.  ..Your girlfriend sounds great you do deserve her you are good enough.  ..You're right that "voice" is just thoughts and thoughts are often best ignored.  ..You've made it!  I'm so happy for you and I wish you all the best :).....
I can't imagine staying sober without lots of help but I wish you well. Remember we'll be here if you need us or you want to stop by for an update. 
All best with things looking up! 
Good luck!  I wish I could embed a .wav file of "Pomp and Circumstance!" Feels like a graduation!
Good luck on your journey. Sobriety is a path each of us must walk on our own. You know where you can come if you want someone to walk with you for a bit. IWNDWYT. 
As Tom Bodett says  We'll keep the light on for you. 
[removed]
Wow !
cool
