-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ni30y/i_got_so_fucking_hammered_last_night_i_had_no/

I was disorientated enough that I took my plate of food into the bathroom with me and was the laughing stock of the other girls that were in there. When I got back to my table I was swaying violently and my double vision was so bad that I couldn't even tell who I was with. ...I couldn't remember if I had come with my boyfriend or my dad and I couldn't focus on his face enough to tell. I remember the absolute disappointment and exhaustion in their voice though as they said something along the lines of "God you're absolutely wasted again. Aren't you?"...The venomous cold weight of guilt and self hatred flooded my veins. I had been doing so well almost a week sober. I hadn't wanted to go back and I had been so proud of my progress. I couldn't have fucked up a recovery *again*. ...In fact I couldn't even remember having that first drink to start it off. I couldn't remember drinking anything. ...Whilst my head was still spinning it clicked I mentally screamed at myself to "WAKE UP THIS ISN'T REAL"......and wake up I did. Sober as a judge  drenched in sweat and heart hammering. The fucking relief that engulfed me at that moment was laughable. I've always suffered from nightmares Night-Terrors and sleep paralysis but they usually contain spooky demons and whatnot. It's hilarious that that the scariest thing my brain can throw at me right now is a relapse....Happy Friday everyone- here's to a glorious sober weekend! ..IWNDWYT x
----------immediate responses--------

[removed]
I had another drinking dream recently.  It was weird.  I don't get them much anymore.  I had been drinking wine.  I didn't know where or when but I was in the driver seat of my car and my lips were wine stained AF and I freaked out and tried to rub it off and then underneath the wine stain was a big ol' freaking scab.  Ew.  I was happy to wake up from that one too.  ..Phew.  I will not drink with you today.
Uugh that's a really horrible dream! Hope you're still in good spirits and can enjoy your sober weekend :)
I am laughing because I've had those about five times now and I still have to convince myself for an hour after that I'm not hungover and I didn't drink anything. 
Funny thing  I had drinkibg dreams like last week end and so did a friend who is also quitting. .Is it pretty common among us?
OMG... this was scary to read. 
I had burger and fries for late dinner didn't drink enough water and had burgover in the morning ;) 
I had one like 40 days in and the disappointment I felt in myself was enough to let me know it would never be worth what little good I may momentarily feel from drinking when that much bad would come crushing down later. Remember this moment and cherish it in a weird recovery sorta way. Keep it up you da best! IWNDWYT
This post gave my anxiety lol...Thanks.
Ive had one dream. Nowhere near this level tho  
[removed]
Love this post!! I was so heartbroken for you and the relief was great!!! 
Awesome post! Just what I needed to face the weekend. Thank you.
These dreams are the wildest rollercoaster of emotions because the disappointment occurring in your dream is so real that the relief when you wake up is a feeling second to none. ..I've had them so real that I had to take a few moments to realize I'm waking up from a dream and not a blackout. Real life confusion and disappointment straight to calm relief. 
Those drinking dreams are rough! I'm sorry you had to experience that. So thankful it was just a dream. 
&gt; It's hilarious ..Don't be fooled by your brain trying to make light of the fear it's trying to protect you from how serious of a situation you're in (probably so you don't have a mental break down). ..Let the fear be a trigger for permanent change and don't even let it become a joke; not even slightly. I had to accept who I am and feel the full weight of my addictive personality and I remind myself constantly and when needed that I cannot drink. Making light of the situation was what kept me trapped in the cycle for way too long. 
I will not drink with you today friendo :-)
thank goodness for that!!!..&amp;#x200B;
I have been sober for thirty three years and I still have drunk dreams. It's a way of keeping it fresh I guess. The shame never eases up though.
LOL. That was like in the movies. Happy weekend. 
Drinking dreams are the worst really unnerving
I'm past the 100 day mark and still having these drinking nightmares usually at least one per week...It's always super stressful in the moment but the immense relief I feel when waking up totally sober is a great reminder to me why I decided to stop drinking in the first place...Happy to hear that this was just a sleeping nightmare for you and not a real one. Keep on keeping on!..IWNDWYT
Omg!!! Really well written. It was like reading a novel! Super excited for you and inspired. Congrats! IWNDWYT!! 
I had a drunk dream last night too! I was standing in my closet trying to find something to wear. But I was hammered like I couldn't focus on anything at all. I kept asking myself how I did this and why. Eventually I fell onto the floor of my closet and forced myself to sleep it off. But really I woke up today sober.
Got to say I've been avoiding clicking on this post because it sounded too sad for this morning... but I'm glad I did now.
Dude. *Dude.*..You got me...
Wow I was right there with you so glad it was just a dream!
I had my first drinking dream last night.  Took me an hour (and a couple cups of coffee) to realize I didn't actually drink.  I went from feeling guilty for disappointing myself (accompanied with the ever-so-productive negative self-narrative) to realizing I'm a bigger badass than I thought because I am sober and haven't given up on myself like I have so many times in the past.  I'm guessing this dream came about due to recent thoughts I've been having of late regarding the whole "I'll just have one drink" mentality.  It's been a stressful week and I've really wanted to have JUST ONE drink to take the edge off...But I know I fall into the category of 'just one' always means 'just one more' so I've been distracting myself with Italian creme cake instead.  Lol. ..I'm actually glad this dream occurred when it did because I needed the wake up call of the guilt I felt to keep me on track.  ..I have a birthday coming up and I'll actually be here by myself since my SO will be out of town.  I'd pretty much already talked myself into having 'just one' while he's gone (and unable to pass judgement or be witness to the degradation of my self-respect) so I really needed this wake up call...Go me and my brain for stepping up and saying 'Girl I got you!'..IWNDWYT
One of the ways my life has really improved since getting sober is sleep. I used to have terrible nightmares and sleep paralysis (which is the. fucking. worst.) constantly when I was drinking and I never get sleep paralysis or terrors anymore. At worst I have anxiety dreams and yeah often they involve drinking. 
Don't let it set you back..start again today...iwndwyt xx
Omg this made me sick to my stomach reading at first. Props on your writing skills lol. [High Five] (https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) and happy friday and glad that was not real.
I kind of hate you a little bit right now LOL. I was practically in tears for you. 
I don't care if this is unpopular opinion but I hate posts like this. It's pure clickbait and frankly a waste of my time reading it. Brings the sub down tbh. 
I love those kind of nights when everyone is nice and "blurred" everyone is safe and I didn't black out until I got home! .     In those moments it's really beneficial to remember these words from the brilliant comedian Dave Attell "Drunk people you only need to remember two things tonight. Its FIRST pull down your pants and THEN shit!!"
I will not drink with u today. Stay strong friend. 
Sorry to hear this. I have to be honest though in that I can understand not remembering the last few drinks (blacking out etc) but not remembering the first drink doesn't line up. ..When you begin to take your sobriety seriously you'll definitely know and remember that first drink because it will be a BIG deal to you. You'll contemplate even going to an event how to prepare for it what your plan will be how you'll cope with potential pressure etc..What works for me is getting a badge (so that I have a goal and record of what I'm doing) and then making a plan for each and every day. (with everything eating drinking working  exercise etc)
I still have dreams about being drunk. I even go through the whole process of talking myself into it...It's terrifying...Keep up the good work!
You know you've finally quit when you start dreaming about it. I too had the drunk dream...Likewise the sugar dream where I break my diet...Congrats! You've got this. :D
this reminds me of dreams I have where I'm driving my family and friends somewhere and end up going off a cliff...The relief is amazing but I wish it didn't take a tragic dream to feel that good about our actual lives and choices.
What you had was your moment of realization. I had mine almost 4 years ago. It was thanksgiving and I started drinking crown at 0900 and finished the handle by noon. I then stumbled to the liquor store about a block away got another handle and went to my friends place about two doors down. My friend and I finished the second handle and all the beer that he had. I then got the bright idea that I could make it down from his apartment to the ground from the balcony. I jumped from his third floor balcony and ended up on the second story balcony. I then realized how dumb I was so I knocked to see if the would let me pass though to the stairs no luck they only spoke Spanish and I saw them grab the phone to I assume call the police that there was a strange drunk guy that somehow ended up on their balcony. So in my drunken stupor I thought well shit and jumped off their balcony to the ground floor. Somehow I managed to get up and run through the woods. I woke up at 1000 the next morning all scratched up and bruised hugging my toilet in my apartment. That was the moment that I realized that I had a drinking problem and have been sober ever sense. 
PAWS
Holy shit that was a terrifying read
Been a while since my last relapse nightmare but I feel your pain... and relief!..&amp;#x200B;..Keep it up and IWDWYT!!..&amp;#x200B;
I have definitely dreamt of drinking and sobriety. I try not to remember my dreams but I do recall a dream where I was being tempted with alcohol by people and I firmly stood my ground about my sobriety. I didn't want to see my badge reset. I was very proud of dream me when I woke up. ..I agree with the top comment here lol this post made me very anxious to read. ..I will not drink with you today. 
Epic... sobriety rules..rollin up on 3 years myself...
I had one bad drinking nightmare where I climbed Mt. Everest and chugged a bunch of beer on the top of it...I was more disappointed in myself for drinking when I woke up than for fictionally summiting Everest.
I can't even express the wave of dread that washed over me while reading that.  I have dreams (not that intense THANK GOD) along the same lines.  I wake up and am like WTF and then relieved. ..&amp;#x200B;..Happy Friday to you and IWNDWYT or THIS WEEKEND!!
Those dreams are the worst. Mine have almost gone away. I only get them on occasion now. Today I am 8 months sober (:
*Begins slow clap* 
This happened to me but involved police at my door and the fear gripping me as to what I had done. Then I woke up with astounding relief that helped cement my choice in my brain. That fear was so real. I'm happy yours was just a dream as well! How proud you should be. Obviously you have a talent for writing so please stick with that as a hobby or more as you keep up your sobriety for today! Thanks for the post!
That was a wild ride. Glad it was just a dream :) 
Very interesting story thank you for sharing. I wonder if this is related to Cognitive Dissonance as part of a nightmare scenario? I never experienced it in a dream scenario. I do know way back when that I had some nightmares and visual hallucination of horrible things during withdrawal but it went away after a couple of days of sobriety. It's a place I never want to go back to and one that would bring on a heart attack while in the fragile recovery stage. So thankful I use the simple Serenity prayer to bring me calm should I even think about relapse...Happy sober weekend and sweet dreams! I will not drink with you this weekend  
I have fucked up dreams pretty frequently but I have to agree that the scariest ones for me these days are the ones in which I relapse. Just woke up from one earlier in fact. That feeling of relief when you realize it's not real is so great though. Happy Friday!
Woooooooowwwwwww!  I figured the title was click-bait...it just had that feel...but then you hooked me and I bought into it.  And then it turned out I guessed right all along!  Thanks for screwing with my instincts ;-)  Well done!  Way to go for the long con on this.  IWNDWYT even in your dreams!
"sober as a judge" has new meaning since last week. Lol  
I have had this nightmare so many times when trying to give up binge drinking/drugs. I know that I'm in a fairly secure place when I don't have it. Always found them reassuring though living out the consequences in a dream world is sometimes enough to prevent relapse in real life. ..As an aside when I'm drinking heavily I wake up full of disappointment just knowing in my stomach that I got drunk the night before that feeling hits a long time before the who/what/where/when memories. ..
i have had the very same dream
God I hate those fucking dreams. I've been starting to have dreams where me drinking again is normalized. They've really been messing with me because I still feel terrible when I wake up and it takes a while before I realize it was a dream. 
Happened to me every single time I've tried to get sober in the past and I'm certain it will happen again this time around. Congrats on only drinking in your dreams! &lt;3 
Same for me last night. My first time getting sober I would have dreams of drinking and not caring and having fun and wake up and be disappointed that it WASNT real. I relapsed and took my recovery seriously and now I'm 3 weeks sober. Last night I dreamt I said  fuck it  and drank and thought  it's just a relapse no biggie . I woke up incredibly upset sad and disappointed in myself before i realized it was a dream. Keep up the good fight 
I was surprised I have already had a dream related to drinking.  .  .In the dream I was in the kitchen lookong for something to drink. Opened the fridge full of beer. Like every shelf/drawer/door...even the freezer! I slammed the door shut and went to the cabinet for a glass. Every cupboard was full of beer. The dishwasher was full of beer. Somehow I was aware that the stove was also full of beer. Glass bottles everywhere!!! But then I woke up and realized the ridiculousness of it all.   .  .IWNDWYT!!
Sounds all too real. Had one of these dreams last night! 
Ughh scarey .Iwndwyt 
I seem to have monthly dreams about accidentally getting drunk then trying to explain to both myself and another person how it doesn't count...
Wow so glad to read that was just a dream...I too had a dream last night. Before going to bed i was watching a show where they were in vegas and I was just thinking of how was i going to handle my next vegas trip as a sober person. How I used to take advantage of those cocktail waitresses bringing beers back often. How would i handle myself at the day clubs that i enjoy?  Then when going to bed i had a dream that i was at a day club with all the friends that were there on my last vegas trip. I was drinking this big bucket of a slushy vodka drink downing it of course. Its funny because in my dream i was pressuring a friend who had chose not to drink that day. Crazy weird dream that i woke up from shortly after. Vivid dreams always scare me...&amp;#x200B;
Yup using dreams were lousy for me too and the relief waking up that it wasn't real. Soldier on you've got this  . IWNDWYT.
As a former smoker I have had dreams where I smoked and "re-set my clock" which disappointed me to no end so I can relate to your relief upon waking up!  Way to go OP!..&amp;#x200B;
Pretty common for me.  Drinking/drugging dream where I get arrested end up in jail thinking "all that progress I made and I threw it all away"...Always a relief waking up.
I wish these misleading titles had a tag to let us know they are the opposite of the title.  I get the 'ol switch-a-roo story can be funny but I clicked on the story to read about and empathize with a actual drinking situation which the title clearly indicates but it's literally the exact opposite. It's just a time waster... what if EVERY post did this.. it would be chaos in here.  
I sometimes have smoking dreams I have been stick free for 5+ years now..&amp;#x200B;..I wake up so upset
I'm so glad I get heartburn if I drink to much......Maybe an underlying medical issue but at least I'll never have to battle my addictive demons when it comes to alcoholism.
Damn. I'd forgotten about a similar situation I put myself in years ago...The more stories I read the more I realise how easily I could have just kept going further down that slippery slope. .
I have the opposite dream sometimes. I'll be like stumbling around just absolutely wasted/high. I'm usually lucid enough to be like "oh yeah I'm dreaming obviouely" but then paranoia sets in and I start thinking that I'm actually just that far gone and am tripping over myself in a women's locker room for whatever reason waiting for the cops to show up. Thats usually when I start freaking out but then I wake up shortly after that moment and thank baby Jesus that it was just a dream.
Yup. I've had 5 or 6 of these dreams in various intensities so far. I'm averaging one a week. They are so frustrating! And an excellent reminder of how I would feel if I actually did drink so I guess they serve their purpose. I will happily not drink with you this weekend!
This happens to me occasionally at least once a month 
I have had some nightmares the last two weeks of falling back into old habits. The dread of waking up and thinking for 10 seconds you fell but then joy realizing it wasn't then some minor guilt at your subconscious for fixating that way. It wasn't fun
Damn.  My heart was breaking.  Glad for the happy ending..
On a positive note we had a really nice long stretch of non click baity titles. 
Great read.  Love to ya! \*thumbs up\*
I've had several vivid nightmares while on my journey of sobriety although I am dreaming a lot more lately as well. It's a mixed bag...Let's both have a fantastic sober weekend! I like the change of waking up without a hangover on Saturday.  
I have these kind of nightmares often. Today I woke up and the nightmare is real. 
These posts should be banned.   I came here for recovery not karma-farming from this over-used 'plot twist: it was a dream'..This is life or death not a Reddit popularity contest.   How long did you plan and craft this?  ..
So disingenuous to pretend like you didn't know this would blow up.   ..Honestly?  
Drinking dreams are the worst. For me they always seem to start in media res and I have the horror of not remembering how the hell I came to be half-pissed and holding a glass of whisky. Crazy stuff.
One of the best feelings in the world is waking after a nightmare and realizing it wasn't real! 
Thank you. Stay strong. 
That's bananas. Iwndwyt 
[removed]
the level of detail taking your plate to the wrong place the double vision.. i think you may have had the worst drunk dream ever or perhaps the best!
Is sleep paralysis common after sobriety? I honestly never experienced it until I quit drinking...Also weird ticks just start to fall asleep and I start to drift off slowly... BAM its like my nervous system reboots and I have to try and fall asleep all over again.
these posts are so retarded im sorry.
Had enough yet? 
I had these until about two years sober - hasn't happened since!  Stick with it :) 
Yes I've had so many of those dreams! Well not as intense but more like I've had a drink and then massively regretted it. It feels so real that sometimes I've actually had to think hard about whether I have had a drink or not. Or the dream where friends are like  just have one you've done well!  
Soooo many of my nightmares involve blackouts and then me trying to piece things together the next day in my dream. They always involve me severely fucking up my relationships with people and huge amounts of remorse. It feels great to actually wake up sober and realize that none of that stuff actually happened
I only quit drinking 4 days ago and just last night i had a dream like this last night. this made me start an account since this seems like a great support sub. thanks for sharing
I've had drinking dreams and woke up with extreme guilt and anxiety that didn't go away immediately. Glad yours was easier to deal with! 
SOOOO familiar!!  Thanks for sharing.  Those dreams suck when they are happening but are such a relief when you wake up :)
I had one the other day. That my husband was going out with some new friends he had made and was going to drink. I kept telling him that we've been doing so well and that he was risking so much by drinking. And then the thought creeped into my mind that I should drink as well then! And I remember saying  no this can't be. I am dreaming. Wake up!  And I woke up so relieved that I had not touched alcohol in 16 days 
Iwndwyt x
Those are terrible and relatable
Yep I still have dreams where I'm drinking. Not bad just one beer...   I always feel so scared and disappointed. 
I use to get weird dreams about smoking weed when I was in the military and was always like oh no I might get drug tested I messed up. The mind is weird
i got a little scared reading that and it hit some viceral memories for me.  7 months sober here.
I have a recurring nightmare where I am drunk and don't remember drinking. Everything you described is exactly how I always feel. I always gain some more appreciation for being sober when I wake up. I'm glad I get these nightmares because it reinforces sobriety for me.
Yikes. Your post was very upsetting to read and made me sweat. So glad it was 'only' a nightmare.
My friend are we in. Boots and all. Thank you for coming back...I don't know weather to be genital with my approach or go hard...I was told one morning at work I was so intix I could not walk but literally  crawled on hands and legs  to my car. Drove home...I have woken up with every preface of my body gone looking control of all bodily function. ..Came to in the gutter. Not known where I was. Had some vague recoletion of police talking to me. Going through my pockets. Realising I had a slip for court appearance. Now 9.00 am. Court 10.00 am...No I don't tell this other than to say do you feel like a drink...I hope not. ..Now for a little of my gentle side...Together we can do this. It is a progressive disease. It only gets worse. Not better. We can and never will drink as the norms. I urge you to give in...AA for me was a big help. Also here...1 day at a time is and always will be my way. That is it. Step 1 of AA  has two parts. Admitted we were powerless over alcohol  . That our lives had became unmanageable. ..It is 2nd part that bring a lit of people undone.  ..So hang in 1 day at a time...If I can help more I am here for you. Take care. This comes with your best interest  at heart. ..Your Friend John         
I had a vivid dream like this once. Was at a club and my friend who just had a baby came up to me and asked me to hold it. I ended up spilling drinks on it spilling cocaine on it taking it outside into the cold and jumping into a strangers car with it. My friend catches up to me at a house party and asks where her baby is. I remember  putting the baby in a sink bath to warm it up then coming back to find it cold and blue. Then I woke up. Scary intense shit and only solidified my determination to make this life change permanent.
I had these dreams the first couple of years after I stopped. You're right it's a wonderful relief when you wake up &amp; realize it was just a dream! 
I have drinking dreams almost every night.  So tiring.  
