-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9nk0tl/hate_being_sober_1_year_6_months/

Hi all..I've been tracking this community as I'm struggling after a year and a half of not touching a drop. There came a point this week where I was milliseconds away from picking up a glass of wine before asking for the sparkling water instead and I know I'm planning to relapse. It's been a couple of months in coming...Alcohol destroyed my relationships friendships and self worth BUT I can't say sober me is a better human being. I'm successful at work richer than I've ever been before and on paper everything is fine. However I'm still selfish I'm still miserable and I'm still angry. I went to the gym 6+ times a week and got in great shape. I'm smashing things at work. But I'm lonely and feel it's all in vain. There's no 'reward' anymore for my hard work and sobriety...I tried cooking lavish meals as a reward I tried buying a new car as a reward. I tried new hobbies. I joined a public speaking club. All these things to replace the pure relaxation of being able to crack open a beer at the end of the day or join my colleagues in celebrating our professional victories. It's like I'm physically there but my 'self' checked out long ago. If I'm having conversations at dinner with family and friends I'm zoned out and can't focus whereas when I drank I could really enjoy connecting with people. Now I feel more distanced than ever...I feel like I won the 'war' but miss the thrill of 'battle' as it were. Overall on paper I'm a million bucks. But I have to be honest I don't enjoy life and nothing has come close to giving me that rewarding 'fix' of drinking my favourite whisky and toasting the good things in life with friends (who have pretty much deserted this dour bitter shell that sobriety has made me become)...Anyone else experience this sort of thing? I've gone from being that 'fun guy' that everyone invites to the party to someone who can't even stand being around people.
----------immediate responses--------

Yes you nailed my feelings exactly. It's like we are the same person.  I am successful rich compared to most in good shape attractive (or so I am told) married to a wonderful woman two sons play guitar and I am dead inside most days. I am not going to relapse but I sure would like to. 
Hello I'm only half as far away from my last drink as you are but I wanted to reply because I appreciate you telling your story because it is not all sunshine and rainbows.  I too am past the early rewards of stopping alcohol and on to living without it.  I don't think (even if you can succeed at moderation) drinking will change 'selfish miserable and angry.'  And I know it can be easy to take things for granted once we've evened out but not destroying relationships friendships and self-worth and doing well at work and getting in great shape are pretty solid accomplishments.  I know that when I drink I then drink more and I lose the rewards I had been taking for granted.  It sounds like the next 'war' is now in your head and many people turn to therapy or meditation or something similar to arm themselves for such 'battles.'  I don't think whisky is the weapon you are looking for...
I hate to be that girl but have you tried meetings? They gave my sobriety a sense of purpose. I'm almost two years without a drink so pretty similar to you and without AA I don't think I would have gotten over the feeling you're describing. I made new friends feel accountable to them and valued and I'm sponsoring now so I get to help people. I never used to feel helpful before I got sober and my feeling of being useful to others has really kept me hanging on. 
I'm not very far along in my sobriety journey... but for me it sounds like you are describing how I felt before I started drinking heavily or at least a big contributing factor. I started drinking because I had depression.  No matter what was happening in my life  my success  my child my love life I wasn't satisfied . I wasn't happy. I had depression. .Talking to a therapist and anti depressants could help. 
Have you ever considered being a Big Brother? 
I apologize if this seems like tough love but I'm a bit confused as you seem to contradict yourself. You say that alcohol destroyed your relationships friendships and self worth but later you say since you have gotten sober your friends have deserted the sober you and you used to be the "fun guy" everyone invites to parties. Those don't seem to mesh. Do the people who used to be in your life (the relationships that were destroyed previously) like the new sober you? Or are you still with the people who like drunk you? Maybe the first step is deciding who you want to be and who you want to be around. Also maybe you just need to keep looking for the right reward. There is a big difference between cracking open a beer at the end of the day (easy reward easily repeatable) than buying a new car (hard reward rare occurrence). And while cooking meals doing new hobbies and doing public speaking are nice they don't really seem like rewards to me. They seem like the event before a reward. Finding that right reward seems like the key. I was about two weeks from hitting a year sober last month and I drank at a bachelor party thinking it was a reward for doing so well and the occasion called for it. It wasn't the right reward. It didn't fulfill me at all anymore. And that same thing could happen to you as well. You may drink again thinking its a reward but you may still be empty. Just keep searching because it will be worth it. A saying I always like to use (that my wife hates when I say it but it keeps me optimistic) goes like this - "It will all be alright in the end. And if it isn't alright then it isn't the end." Stay strong and IWNDWYT!
If I were in your position I would see a therapist because if I were having the thoughts you described on a regular basis I'd be thinking "I might be depressed." Have you tried keeping a journal? That helps me a lot just getting it out and thinking about it sometimes helps me get to the bottom of why I'm feeling like I am. ..It sounds like something is not meshing with your current lifestyle but I don't think that alcohol is the string that's going to tie everything together. Reading your post it sounds like you have everything you want but you're not enjoying it because you don't have alcohol by your side to celebrate with. It's like you were obese and finally hit your goal weight but then get depressed because you can't celebrate with cake. ..What do you do for fun?
Hello! Have you thought about maybe dedicating some of your time to helping with others? 
At the risk of sounding like I'm giving advice completely contrary to this sub I assume that at some point you've tried controlled drinking / seldom drinking?..I seem to be okay if I actively avoid alcohol rather than strictly abstain from it.  I was probably pre-alcoholic when I "quit."  I do make a sincere and conscientious effort to avoid it except for occasional appropriate social settings.  I've gone as long as 6 months without it and as little as 17 days.  I had to try this "experiment" before I committed to absolute sobriety..    
I see the accomplishments you list are all physical tangible successes things that are outside you in physical reality.  If all the monetary and physical success you fill your life with leaves you feeling hungry for something maybe it's not just booze... maybe you're ready to dig in and find yourself seeking out the deeper purpose in your life.  It seems like when we have our basic needs fulfilled to excess humans have a tendency to either become complacent and lethargic or to use that secure position as a platform to grow on even further to reach greater heights fuelled by creativity and imagination and the desire to fulfill dreams/goals with great personal/humanitarian meaning behind them than before when they were just fighting to survive.  There is opportunity here.  IWNDWYT 
Do you see drinking as your only other option?  
