-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9nrhxa/i_really_want_to_drink_lately/

At almost nine months sober now and drinking is all I can think about everyday that I get off from work until I go to bed. I don't know if its the stress of going back to school being in a relationship that truthfully isnt in the best place right now working an unfulfilling job that mostly leaves me tired and drained or just not feeling like I have much down time to myself anymore. Three months ago I felt so strong in my sobriety but now I'm struggling to even take it one day at a time. I'm just so overwhelmed anxious and depressed constantly. I'm debating dropping a class and taking more time to focus on recovery because I just don't feel ready for all the things I have on my plate right now. ..Needing some support right now.
----------immediate responses--------

I bet being sober may actually give you the strength to address some of the issues underlying your feeling of needing to drink. 9 months is amazing. Perhaps use it as a source of strength to make some positive improvements in your life!
You're not alone in this one.  This week has made me question sobriety AA even my sanity.  I want to think it's the cooler weather.  Mix that with Football Festivals and the upcoming holidays are making it harder.  What works for me is trying to stay three steps ahead of temptation.  That first drink will lead to many more  it will be never enough I'll slur be an asshole and have a head full of pain and regret.  Like the other poster said take it 5 minutes at a time if you need to.  IWNDWYT 
I would talk to a doctor end the relationship and look for a new job.
It gets easier. Then it gets harder. Then it gets easier again. You're doing amazing let's keep going!     
Last week I had a drink after 115 days sober. I drank heavily for five days in a row. Lost all the gains. So not worth it. Let's just say I tested the waters for you and you can now happily stay on dry sober land! Yr welcome! IWNDWYT 
I experienced this recently 220 days. I really looked at how I was feeling. Halt hunger angry lonely tired.  To be honest it was tiredness. The changing of the seasons has really had an impact on me less energy and more inclined to sit in in the evening. I took a little break from social media and the sobriety scene for a week or so and I didn't drink but after a week I felt back on track
Sorry to hear of your struggles. Hopefully you know that much thinking of booze is a clear sign you aren't ready to try it moderately right?  Have you explored other ways to relieve your stress and unwind from the day?  For a long time I thought relaxing meant doing nothing for a while.  But sometimes doing a thing I love even if it is physical and adds to my schedule cuts through all that tension.  Getting my kayak out on the water is time consuming and taxing but also hugely invigorating...Wishing you the best in your path forward.
Probably all of the above. Drinking was an escape so when life hits us it is not unusual to want to escape. 
