-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o21b1/first_timer_advice_about_freinds_questions_about/

Hey First time poster however I've been looking this board for about a year now first time was this time last year when drinking nearly ruined my first major gig as an artist and royally killed my romantic life. This subreddit was my lifeline when attempting sobriety in for three months at the beginning of this year successful in keeping me focused in work for about three weeks at a time but I completely binged the 2/3 times i socialised in that period. When my project wrapped in May/June I said "now i can relax and have a couple of nights out for a week of two." That week lasted four months...As of today I've managed 35 days without alcohol the longest stretch of intentional sobriety withdrawals occurred accidentally as I simply forgot to drink As I actually switched to smoking blunts for a week :( but the heart problems and anxiety was a wake up call. That's been great I'm more productive than ever and I'm looking forward to my next shorter target of 50 days. However I'm finding some issues arising where I've made it to the end of the day with little temptation but as i try to sleep my mind races with stressful thoughts about the past present and future and everything in between causing muttering some out loud talking and swearing/shouting (that i mute) . as well as me punching my bed and eventually myself the pain from which causes me to stop and finally drift off. ..It has happened every night that i haven't been completely knackered from work occasionally smoking weed or frankly from Masturbating. As a teen prior to drinking age I had similar issues/mindsets with what i now gauge to be untreated depression and OCD traits Is this a common issue??? as I'm not feeling/acting depressed at all and until the moment i stop for the day and clear my mind I feel quite solid however my high school friend's pick up on my behaviour as being 'on edge' or irritated often when I'm tired or when they ask/joke about my sobriety/job/lifestyle Which really actually disgusts and pisses me off and therefore stress and hurt myself They only other times i think in this stressed way is about ex girlfriends and things i did in relationships. This is not a problem with friends from the cities/work/uni as they're very understanding and share similar lifestyles and experiences to me. I'm a Left leaning mixed-race straight guy who is a working artist. In the white english culture-less hell hole i'm from that translates to 'sensitive' or 'lazy' or 'difficult' even though I earn the same amount as people my age and work harder to get it (with a thicker skin too). ..Maybe I need to redefine my relationship with people i only spend time with whilst intoxicated I rely on high school mates to occasionally unwind and kinda "lose brain cells" with getting drunk/high memes eating trash and watching dumb comedies with. One of them recently has opened up to me about his Porn addiction and I talked about my drinking to relate but he's unwilling to go to meetings and is using me as a stand-in sponsor to distract from his urges. Is that okay? He is a classic 'bro' and has spent most of our friendship fairly obtuse to my day to day life why i do what i do in work and making blunt and frankly patriarchal assumptions about my friendships/relationships with women and whatnot (his childish/narcissist mother recently joked/referred to me as a 'poof' the other day and he himself doesn't want to meet any of my other friends because they are 'weird and hipster'). Now I'm suddenly his rock and it's stressful as hell even though i've always been the conscientious one in the group It detracts from the friends and situations I am most comfortable/happiest in. To elaborate further I opened up to my two closest "bros" (porn addict bro included) about kinks last year thinking they'd understand me more now they just refer to me as a "Demon in bed" when it comes to relationship talk in front of their own girlfriends and old school friends they always seem obsessed with emasculating/over-sexualizing me in some way maybe they don't understand the link between drinking mental illness and kink at least in my life... suffice to say it definitely does put me on edge. I feel guilty to call them out on it because I know even writing this that we have nothing in common bar being from a trash town and it'd be actually be some kind of goodbye every positive person in my life wishes me to move to a city or London to be around creative people and progress my career yet home town peeps and even my parents just mock my unstable income or tell me I wouldn't suit it or they couldn't see me doing it as a personality even though constantly remind me I'm not quite like them for one reason or another. They also start slating cities for their multiculturalism stabbings and god knows what else. :/ I try to have a small amount of good friendships with a variety of people but in honesty they make me feel more alone that when I am actually by myself... Am i just growing up? sobering up?? Are the things i described "toxic"?? Or is the truth that when I stop work I just become a husk of a person???  I'm really looking to being sober for the rest of my life in addition to being a reliable and honest person Having to listen to hardcore music and howling at the moon until i punch myself every evening seems a bit out of place if thats the outcome of most of my days how do we have proper alone time without being totally destructive. Are there things people do to sooth the anger? It's exhausting rn as all these issues weren't problems when I was drunk/hungover but now they're ringing in my ears like a fire alarm and obviously is making me wanna fall off the wagon. What can be done?..Apologies for the sermon I hope this isn't totally triggering and I'm looking forward to being part of this community more. You all support each so well. And just writing this is so relieving to do I struggle finding courage to talk cohesively for long times with groups like AA so this is what I've been wanting to express since I stopped drinking 35 days ago. Since graduation drinking has put me in a place of purgatory and i'm only just coming to terms how much i have to do to get out and move forward...&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I suggest you try and find an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting...AA works by having one alcoholic talk to another about drinking.  All kinds of other issues arise because negative emotions and drinking go hand in hand.  I like the line 'alcohol wants me to be miserable but it will settle for killing me.'..You don't have to talk out loud at the AA meeting you can just listen.  Then  if you see someone you think will be sympathetic you can pull them aside and talk to them...Being in AA is much easier than trying to stay sober without it...Good luck.
Glad you're here!  Lot's of support!..I spoke to a counselor and got on track to an Unimpaired Life...I hope that you can find the path that delivers the outcomes you prefer.
"Am I just growing up?"..I think so. I'd get the hell out of there--it just doesn't feel like a fit to me. The world is so big and beautiful and there are lots of people who want to think big and beautiful with you. :-)
