-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o4kdt/nobody_really_talks_about_the_physical_effects_of/

I understand that getting sober is an emotional journey a physical journey and an unnameable journey that we all go through. ..Relapsing can be a part of getting sober and it is for a lot of people. But not only is emotionally draining alcohol has serious impacts on how your body functions. ..I always thought I was cheating getting FOR REAL sick from drinking. I wasn't. Ended up in the hospital. Nutrients depleted totally malnourished liver problems yellow eyes constant diarrhea a shell of the competitive athlete is used to be. ..It WILL happen to you sooner or later. It will. Don't let it. It's scarier than anything I've gone through in my life and I am a gay man that grew up in rural ND. ..There is no way they can tell you how/if your body will recover. It just takes time to see what happens. It is not a fun situation. So anyone that is going through getting away from alcohol - remember:  you will get sick one day and it is NOT comfortable or fun. You don't get sympathy from people. You are alone because you did it to yourself after countless warnings. You are alone in a hospital room going through withdrawal and then everything comes crashing at you and you wonder why you never bothered to care before. You will have countless dr appointments. Test after test after test. Ultrasounds CT scans. You will finally see your body as the depleted flat tire it is and you will think:  What the fuck have I done to myself and how the fuck am I going to pull through this?..Stop before that point. And you never know when that will be because your liver doesn't give you signs until it is very sick. You just get very sick. ..Anyway I'm a 36 year old going through this and this is what I can share at the moment. Don't let yourself do what I did to myself. It's terrifying. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm so sorry you are going through this. I haven't personally been through it but my sister had pancreatitis at 27 and also was hospitalized two other times for alcohol related illnesses she pulled through but didn't stop drinking. But I'm sure there are a lot of people in here that went through what you are going through and have better insight. All I have to offer is the body is an incredible machine and capable of healing. Internet hugs IWNDWYT
I've had pancreatitis several times and can say it's honestly the most painful thing I've ever experienced. Doubled over in pain were it feels like you've been stabbed about 20 times I swore each time I had it that I'd never touch alcohol again but usually soon after and I'm feeling better I go back drinking again. I really want to quit as it's caused so much trouble in my life I never thought this would ever happen to me were I'd be a morning drinker and going on 5 day benders even after all the health problems and trouble drink has caused. As the person who wrote this post says IT WILL CATCH UP ON YOU eventually. I'm 3 weeks sober at the moment and hopefully go many more weeks and months were I'll stay sober. Good luck. 
I thank you for the warning and wish you a complete recovery.
I'm so sorry this is so bad for you.  I would worry constantly about my liver and health.  I feel sick all of the time. Even though I was so scared of dying from alcohol I would drink every single night and day if I could. I am still worried about the damage that I've done but today I'm in the solution and not the problem. It is day two for me.  You are in my heart and I'm sending you love for swift healing.  Your warning is not unheard. I love you and I will not drink with you today.  
Good work. :)
Thank you for your shared perspective though I'm sorry you're having to live with it.   IWNDWYT
I often say this to people who post on here wondering if they really need to quit drinking. If you're a heavy drinker you **might** not ever get fired over your drinking might never kill someone driving drunk or get a DUI might not lose your marriage might not ruin your friendships. One or more of those things is likely to happen to a heavy drinker if you keep drinking long enough but hey it's possible that maybe just maybe not. But it 100% will destroy your health. It's just a matter of time. 
Wow. This one hits. That  cheated  thing. I have been back and forth with that one! How weird is that to feel? LOL..I finally came to the conclusion that I didn't cheat. I finished the game without dying. And the prize for that is the cheat code of sobriety. And holy crap is that a good cheat code! IWNDWYT! 
This is a great callout. It's amazing how the physical effects of long-term alcohol consumption don't get discussed and advertised publicly like they do for tobacco..And btw this issue obviously gets more urgent and challenging as you age. The earlier you quit the better. I waited until 45. Wish I could have quit a decade earlier or more before I took this seriously.
I've drank pretty heavily the last few years and have made myself very sick multiple times and had to be medically detoxed too many times. I've been fortunate enough to not get pancreatitis or liver issues. I'm at 28 days I do enjoy sobriety it's easy but not to get ahead of myself I take it one day at a time. ..Alcoholism runs rampant in my family. My parents my grandparents my siblings my cousins all have alcohol abuse tendencies. My siblings have had run-ins with the law and hospitalizations requiring detox and treatment for alcohol poisoning. My cousin got pancreatitis really bad and required emergency surgery. My nephew was 21 and he died from liver failure due to alcohol abuse. And the crazy thing is no one talks about any of it it is all just swept under the rug. The times I've been hospitalized I was surprised by the other patients because there was no 'typical' patient. It made me realize alcoholism can affect anyone it doesn't discriminate. Young old rich poor black white. Grandmas grandpas moms dads brothers sisters aunts uncles friends... people from all walks of life. Alcoholism is very prevalent. It isn't just my family people just don't talk about it. ..Know that you're not alone. I think the physical effects are important to outline and should be talked about more. Alcohol is very scary in what it can do to a person physically and mentally. I wish you well in your recovery!! I will not drink with you today!
Good to hear!  Glad you got out of it!  Stay strong!
Keep going!  Stay healthy!
I think that at 26 I started to feel my body getting really sick.  I'm not sure why that was and by that I don't mean I don't know what the ROOT cause was...  I simply don't know why it started happening at that time.  Over the years in inconsistent cycles there were countless close calls alcohol poisonings. I withdrew from university..Then I went to the bathroom and sh*tting felt like I was passing a thousand needles.  One bruise down my thigh ran a foot long and that my friends was from sitting down on cement steps..Yep extremely extremely grateful worse didn't happen. 
Thanks for sharing this. I have a couple weeks sober going and I want to keep at it. I've been a classic binge drinker for many years. I hear you on the health front. I don't want to be a drinker for many reasons health for certain on the list. My insides have hurt on and off for some time. There is still some pain a couple weeks sober but I figure I need to just live a healthy lifestyle give it time then see what happens. This really is a big deal and you can wake up one day and totally realize what you have been doing to yourself and find yourself pretty far into this mess. That said getting sober gives your body (and mind and everything else) a chance to heal and is a great gift not only to yourself but to everyone else in your life. Glad to hear about your cooking sounds like a good afternoon spent on a cold and snowy day!
Thanks for bringing this up. I've felt like I was literally dying the last two times I relapsed. Thankfully no organ damage yet but I know it's only a matter of time if I go back to drinking again. It's terrifying. 
I relapsed for what must be the 19th time this weekend and I'm currently nursing a brutal hangover. I can not for the life of me figure out how to make it more than about 6 weeks sober. I want it so bad but I always fall for the idea that I'll be able to moderate or that I "deserve" a drink. Why should anyone "deserve" to poison themself with a toxic substance that destroys every tissue that it comes in contact with? They way I feel when I have about two weeks sober is close to damn near euphoric and I want that feeling every single day. Thank you for sharing your story. IWNDWYT
Every. Last. Word.  ..I found out I have diffused fatty liver disease this last Wednesday.  Never would have drempt it would be me.  I laid there getting the CT scan and had a moment of clarity.  The beeping the machines the cold inhospitable atmosphere...that's what awaited me if I didn't stop.  I'm done. I quit then and there.  ..I pray I caught this in time and it will revert itself.  I'm getting engaged soon.  All I want is to live the rest of my years out healthy with the person I love.  Not having them care for me or visit me in a hospital.  
Hey I get you! I've had a lot of chronic health problems from my drinking. I was in a coma in ICU for 5 days from drinking then in hospital for another 3 weeks so much fluid retention I weighed 10 stone where I normally only weigh 7.5 stone I was yellow needed draining lots of medication and drips I couldn't walk kept shitting myself. If that wasn't enough I was in a serious car accident where I broke my knee back collar bone and sternum after drinking driving and I've had pneumonia hole in my diaphragm vomited a shit ton of blood multiple hospital stays endoscopes banding in my stomach and I've got cirrhosis as a souvenir for all my drinking. ..I don't know how the fuck I'm still alive! I suffer my lethargy bad stomach anxiety and depression and I'm just not he happy creative spontaneous person I used to be. I feel like shit all the time and I've done this to myself from drinking ridiculous amounts over 10 years. I'm 34 way too young to feel like this and I feel like I'm gonna die in the next 5 years. ..You're right when you say people done take into account the actual physical effects from drinking. I'm always trying to give advice to people to stop while they haven't done irreversible damage as it truly is miserable and lonely. Most of the doctors I see are nice but because they have to be they see that I've done this to myself and I can tell in their face they really have no sympathy with me at all. 
Thanks for this OP. Some of us are lucky enough to heed the warnings our body gives us. The liver pain that won't go away the insomnia the unhealthy GI track the acid reflux the debilitating hangovers the jaundice the rapid heart beats if you have any of these you are being warned of worse things to come if you don't stop. I had all of these warnings signs and I finally quit. I KNOW I was headed for an unpleasant back nine if I didn't do something. Thanks to this sub and a good dose of fear I quit smoking and drinking and took up being healthy and I haven't been this happy since high school. God bless OP I wish you health. 
I been literallyafraid of what alcohol is doing to my body for years now like I have panic attacks and just lock up and shit. I keep telling myself I'm gonna stop before it gets too bad.  ..Reading this makes me shiver. I'm only 33 myself and I already have already noticed my health slipping over the last couple of years.  ..I'm definitely not drinking today. And while I'm at it I'm gonna go ahead and not drink tomorrow as well. 
I'm glad I stopped before it got to that level.  I have a younger acquaintance that is totally f-cked up from alcohol. He has to go in to the hospital monthly to get fluids drained and he's in bad shape.  He's a few years younger than me and was so full of promise it seemed but now he's on disability and can't function on his own.  It's really sad.  ..I hope your health improves and that you recover physically mentally and emotionally from all that alcohol stole from you. Best wishes.
So glad you shared this! I think your experience will help me next time I think of picking up a drink again. And goodness I hope you make a full recovery! Iwndwyt.
Thank you for sharing. Sometimes it's easy to overlook the damage we've done and are doing to our bodies with alcohol. But the effects are horrifying. Best of luck and I hope you keep coming here.
Thank you for your post Cody. Be strong in your healing. You are not alone here. We all understand and can be sympathetic to your situation...Sending you a loving hug. Enjoy your meatloaf on this snowy sober Sunday.
This is what scared me into sobriety this most recent time and why I will remain committed. I had an alcoholic memory of a guy about 8 years ago who was the resident drunk at my local bar saying to me  if you keep going like this you won't see 40 . Puking up bile earlier this week (if anyone has done this its disgusting) and then waking up not being able to breathe at all and thinking I was having a heart attack did it. I've been hospitalized 6 times in the last 8 years and it didn't stop me. The inability to breathe did. All I wanted to do after that was breathe. And I knew that if I kept drinking I might not again. 
Thanks for this. My brother died from cirrhosis in 2014 at 45 years old. It really sucks. Alcohol sucks &amp; is a lame destructive drug. 
All the best. Things will look up.
Currently laying in a hospital bed with a kidney infection just ravaging my body. I thought the pain I've been feeling was just  normal after drinking pains'. Definitely opened my eyes to how I could think suffering through anything like this is just a normal experience of life. 
Thanks for the wake up call. 
This is one of the most important posts I've ever read here. will re-read as needed. thank you!
Powerful read. Thank you for sharing.
Yup. that was me too. no potassium. and ohhhhhhh all the scans &gt; . &lt;    on a positive note the liver heals quite quickly if one just simply stops drinking (personally I was all over healthy liver suppliments/foods - I was terrified with "angry liver"). Thank you for posting this &amp; hope all is well ...[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for shedding some light
Very true. Some people have their bottom when their lives fall apart because of drinking. The rest of us were functional and appeared to have it all together until our bodies decided it was time to throw in the towel...When it goes it can go quickly. I woke up one day last year thinking "lol hurt myself drinking again." I was in the ICU that same evening..
How you holding up OP?
