-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o7g4p/i_feel_like_celebrating/

 Im on day 28.  But that is not why.  Its because i went camping this weekend and met up with my brother.  And i did not drink! We do love to drink together.  But once he did stop drinking for 9 months but has now been back to it for awhile but i know he struggles with it.  .Anyway my husband wasnt with me wich is when i feel like i can just let go and drink up.  Coming up to the weekend my mind kept playing different scenarios and "what ifs".  But i know that it is not helpful in fact its a trick that my inner drinking demon plays to wear me down before anyone offers me anything.  So i thanked my mind for these repetitive thoughts and said no one here at work is offering me a drink so lets just let this go if over the weekend my brother offers a drink its just no im good. ..So the weekend comes he doesnt even ask if i want a drink.  And tho he was drinking at the evening campfire i just made sure i had my hot drink and felt almost no cravings and certainly no intense gripping cravings or "poor me" feelings.  ..More and more i just feel like not drinking is a lifestyle choice like my vegetarian friends and my keto friends or whatever diet choices they are making..And now im home and spending a few hours getting my family ready for the week. Having dinner laughing and being present because my inner life isnt swirling and freaking out and feeling too tired and sick. Wanting to rush through everything so i can go to bed (sleeping was my only hangover cure!).And the best part is my whole family does better when im not drinking.  Camping weather was bad but we made good snacks and played board games in the rv. I wasnt freaking out about how it should have been while polishing off bottles of wine.  I was just seeing how it was and enjoying the oppurtunities that it brought though different from the plan...And my brother and i spent time catching up over coffee in the morning instead  and im just happy about this.  I just feel like maybe i can do this.  That i can have relationships and boundries at the same time.  People will have to adjust a little but its ok  its ok to bare them being a little disappointed or to believe they will be and still making the best choice for yourself. .So im celebrating my little victory with all of you!..Sorry a little rambling tonight!
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for posting!
Happy 4 weeks to you and congrats on not drinking while camping.  You're doing great!
Thanks for posting this. I'm going camping with my drinking buddy/brother this coming weekend and even though I've committed to sober October my mind has already started to think about drinking around the camp fire. I really needed this post.  I'm most grateful to you. 
