-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9o98cb/looking_for_whats_worked_for_you_in_the_way_of/

I'm in need of some counseling or therapy but I'm headed to Asia for a few months. Therapy is not really the way of doing things there. No therapists you pour your feelings out to. Which I believe could be a positive. Perhaps trying something new will be good...It's been a bad week with a severe relapse and I'm back with faith I can be better if I find the right tools to cope...I could really use some suggestions for what has worked for you in the more meditative holistic realm of recovery?.Specifically I will be in Bali for a month so any direct recommendations for the area would be extra sweet!. .This subreddit has been really helpful in getting me back on the positive path. .IWNDWYT.
----------immediate responses--------

Read  Easyway  by Allen Carr. Essentially the book deconstructs your desire to drink and shows why your desire to drink is just an illusion. After reading it you'll have a very complete picture of how alcohol has brainwashed you. This book really did make me see the light and has been even more effective for me than AA.
I read several books but there were three books in particular that made all the difference in my thought process.  This Naked Mind by Annie Grace Alcohol Explained by William Porter and Kick the Drink Easily by Jason Vale.  These three books have seriously changed my whole mentality.  I had been a slave to alcohol for 25 years but I finally decided I needed to make a change in my life.  I bought these books from Amazon Kindle and it's almost like I've been hypnotized or brainwashed (in a good way!). 
Welcome back!  I hope your trip goes well.  ..I know you said non-aa solutions but I was wondering if there was a particular issue with aa?   You are already well on your way.  Faith that you can be better with the right tools is step 2 and meditation is step 11. Happy to answer any questions...Refuge Recovery might be more to your liking it Buddhist based.
I love yoga. Exercise + calm. I don't really like long meditations but I enjoy the brief ones that yoga sometimes contains. Bali is a mecca for yoga so it's worth trying! I'm personally kind of jealous 
Yea I think it's something worth trying. Definitely looking for physical activities or more active type therapy to keep from sitting around too much. The whole idle minds/hands thing. 
Mindfulness meditation has been a HUGE part of my recovery. I use the Insight Timer app to keep me motivated. It helped me get through the emotional roller coaster of early recovery and assisted with cravings. [Here is a beginner's guide](https://www.thetadprinciple.com/free-meditation-guide-0101adj.html) if you're interested. Just like anything it takes a little discipline...but now I can't live without it. I MUST meditate every day.
