-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oake3/oh_hey_365/

I started with a one-week detox here on SD. Getting to Day 5 was the hardest. But it was immediately clear that not drinking meant a better life for me. Good things have happened: I lost 25 pounds and am my high school size. I laugh more. An inflammation-related back injury is much better. I exercise 6 days a week and am physically strong. My relationship is better. My toddler son can depend on me for anything. If I keep it up he will not have any memory of me drinking. My hands are as steady as a surgeon's. My brain feels more elastic. I see more connections. I am working on my dissertation again - and that isn't a lie anymore. ..There have been tough times too. I have been training myself not to be motivated by fear and instead to know that struggle can mean growth and opportunity. I have tried to be methodical to take a deep breath and to try to be creative in problem solving with others. I am trying to see the thoroughfares instead of the impasses. I am trying to enjoy the effort more than the reward. To give a small extra push when the work is hard before resting. I am establishing boundaries and am still shocked when people respect them without a fuss. I am learning that I am worth something. ..After many trips to Costco to buy cases of La Croix yesterday I finally bought a cartridge for my old SodaStream. I put extra fizz in the water poured a glass and added a slice of lemon. The house is asleep and it's past midnight. No one else in my life is going to know that today is special for me. Raising a glass of our kind of bubbly to you all. I kind of can't believe I did it. 
----------immediate responses--------

This whole post makes me incredibly happy for you. ..Congratulations :)
Woohoo congrats on your 1-year milestone Bubbuty!..Fizzy-water-cheers to many more to come!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
If I said well done I would think it not enough...Happy Birthday my friend. Keep on going 1 day at a time I will be sober with you.                      
Living the life...as it should be lived. Well done I'm so happy for you x
Congrats on a YEAR!..Raising my coffee to your fizzy sodastream with extra umph this morning! :)
This is a great post. Congratulations. This day IS special. Treat yourself...
Beautiful life. Thanks for sharing. I am loving the  thought that your toddler will never have to know the old you. I don't want my kids to remember the old me either. Never going back! IWNDWYT
Congrats on a huge milestone...Good luck and continued success to you
Well done! I'm nowhere near your count yet but I had some similar thoughts while helping my 6yo twins with a jigsaw puzzle while daddy grumped about (absolutely nothing to do with the red wine he drank last night...). Let's continue to be the best versions of ourselves! IwNDWYT
Sounds kinda like you've earned youself a re-birthday! Good work! Thanks for posting!
Congratulations sober friend. Thanks for sharing! 
Congratulations on one year of freedom bub!!    
Wow I'm so happy for you .Iwndwyt 
Damn how beautiful. 
Love this!! Congrats on your Solar float on the Sober boat! "enjoy the effort more than the reward" I like this...in a previous life I did everything I could to minimize the effort and maximize the reward. Grateful today that that is changing. Stay strong &amp; Sober on!  Peace
A year sober is something to be proud of. Well done!
Congrats! IWNDWYT 
So happy for you ! 
What a milestone!  Well done.  IWNDWYT
Congratulations! I'll join you tomorrow for day 365. ..Now it's off to your next milestone!
Congrats - day 30 here and a whole year seems so far away!
Yay!. .IWNDWYT 
Great post! Fizzy cheers to you and your family 
Happy Birthday! Year #1 is almost as a big of a deal as Day #1 in my opinion. They are both massive milestones.
Congrats great post TY..&amp;#x200B;
Congratulations! I can't imagine what my life might be like in one year but reading your post is a great motivator to keep focusing on each and every day. Thank you!
Congratulations!  All of these good things will continue for you and even more will follow.  Keep true to yourself on your journey and IWNDWYT!  
Congrats!
Amazing job! I love the idea of my kids not knowing me as a drinker too. Setting good examples and showing them life doesn't need to include poison. 
I'm proud of you for one day and just as proud for a year you're an inspiration for all of us suffering with this problem!! I will not drink with you today. Invite me over for a club soda sometime friend!
Good for you!.."The house is asleep and it's past midnight. No one else in my life is going to know that today is special for me. Raising a glass of our kind of bubbly to you all. I kind of can't believe I did it." That is amazing sad encouraging inspiring happy all in one. 
Wonderful peace
Congrats!! Yay!! I've been quietly rooting a little extra for everyone with the same date as me. So glad we've both made it! 
Congrats!!.As someone who is trying to reduce drinking I can attest to the soda stream; no more bags and bags of cans to recycle 
Congratulations! 
You and I together~ 
Congratulations!
Thank you for that hope.  I'm on day 4.  Better than 3.
Idk why but this post made me emotional...I am so happy for you :)
Congrats!!!  Hats off to you for reaching a year of sobriety!  I'm looking forward to reaching that milestone myself.  
Congratulations to you :) This is amazing you are inspiring.
So proud of you!  Congratulations on this milestone cheers with my own glass of fizzy water! :)
Awesome!!!
CONGRATS!!!!! yas..&amp;#x200B;..so on soda stream does it make sparkling water as good as canned sparkling waters? is it worth the money spent?
Welcome to the club! It's amazing huh. You should be proud of yourself. 
I'm really proud of you....Ps La croix Has the same ingredients (Linool) as roach insecticide. It's not   natural as they claim to be. I used to love that stuff.
You made me tear up a little bit. I am proud of you and can relate to so much of your post. I am coming up on my one year in just a few weeks! We are worth it.
Thanks for sharing your special day with all of us. We know...I read an enormous amount of calm relief in your post. Maybe because that is what I am feeling at nearly 3 months. I also read wisdom and humility. Blessings to you and your toddler. ..Happy New Year! May it be as rich as the last. Cheers!
Loved reading this... Thanks for sharing with everyone your words are inspiring &amp; comforting. Even though we don't know each other or the stories I'm proud of you! Keep on keepin on.    IWNDWYT 
Congratulations you rock 
OMG thank you for your story. I feel the same and am struggling with drinking while I have a toddler depending on me
Proud of you.
I didn't say it was poisonous. My point was it's not all natural which is their original claim. It's still safe just NOT   natural.
Well done and cool post!
