-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ob75v/the_monster_inside_me/

hey all..&amp;#x200B;..ive been having trouble with getting sober... this seems not uncommon in this lifestyle but i admire those that have achieved their goals.. I've heard recently that one of the common realms of belief or rather the way that alcoholics often see progress with their symptoms is that they disassociate alcoholism as a disease as some might with a cold i.e. "This cold is making me sneeze" "this cold is awful and its making me take all this cold medicine that i hate" "this cold makes me feel awful" "i want to get rid of this cold"... I guess the psychology is that when you stop blaming yourself (i.e. i wish i didnt want to drink tonight" "whats wrong with me for wanting to drink all the time" "im weak because i want to drink" "why cant i stop drinking" etc.) that you can start to create a platform for you to get better from.. relapse doesn't feel as demotivating and you want to get back up and fight. When you make a mistake you realize that you have the viewpoint to get more motivated.... I'm interested in learning more about this... Until now I have always seen alcoholism as a failure in my own ability to reject alcohol and in some respects thats reality but i want to get deeper. I want to be able to see it as a disease and I currently lack the internal fortitude to do so... I plan on starting therapy tomorrow. My workplace provides a confidential service that will help at the start. I'm not sure what ill get out of it but since I'm determined to start I'm wanting to start strong. Have you found any online lectures or resources that have helped you identify your drinking problem as anything other than "I like alcohol"? I feel pretty desperate today anything that could help would be super appreciated
----------immediate responses--------

im headed to bed tonight but ill see you all in the morning and at that point IWNDWYTomorrow
Are you sober now?
[This talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYphZvRHm6Y) from Dr Kevin McCauley about the neuroscience of addiction is superb.....Addiction isn't a character flaw or moral failing nor a weakness or lack of willpower it's a complex *brain disorder* arising from bio-psycho-social factors.....Learning about the science behind it really helps - knowledge is power!..I also found the book '*Alcohol Explained*' and the book/YouTube '*This Naked Mind*' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself... ..Best of luck and keep us posted!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
SMART Recovery offers a scientific approach to addiction recovery.  Please check out their website.  The work book is excellent.  There is a guide to face to face as well as on line meetings.  This program helped me tremendously.  Best wishes to you in your recovery.
This Naked Mind was a great resource for me. I now understand the physiological impact alcohol has on the brain. It rewires the way the brain operates and thinks pulling itself in more and more. Its like a monster weed in your garden that is truly hard to remove. .I am heading toward 6 months free of drinking. I know that weed seed is lurking for that one drink to spring back to life. I know its there because it keeps telling me I have it under control now. What could one drink hurt?  So many accounts are here show me that I cannot go back to moderate drinking. And you know what? Why would I take that risk to drink a solvent a fuel for your car a dangerous drug that tastes awful. Its only the flavored water that makes a drink palatable.  IWNDWYT
[removed]
I still have trouble w the "this is a disease" part "it's not your fault" etc. but you hit the nail on the head w:  I guess the psychology is that when you stop blaming yourself (i.e. i wish i didnt want to drink tonight" "whats wrong with me for wanting to drink all the time" "im weak because i want to drink" "why cant i stop drinking" etc.) that you can start to create a platform for you to get better from.. relapse doesn't feel as demotivating and you want to get back up and fight.' You'll also hear the one about it being an allergy like a peanut allergy. I also don't really buy into 'this is an allergy' but I can get down with I wouldn't eat peanuts if it made me sick and a psycho bitch so maybe I shouldn't drink. That gets me far enough for the most part I don't really take the time to question what isn't helping me anyway. ..Good luck hope todays meeting went well keep posting. 
