-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ok033/why_is_alcoholism_selfdiagnosed/

Take obesity for example. It seems incredibly similar to alcohol abuse to me...- Society unfairly dumps on obese people and criticizes them for "lack of willpower". After all they are choosing to eat right?.- People can have different underlying causes or multiple causes for obesity (genetics medical problems etc) but they all have the same diagnosis..- Some fat people feel they have lost control over their eating. Others maintain their intake and don't want help..- Many people reach rock bottom. They resort to diet camps outpatient programs support groups medication and surgery..- You can die from complications of obesity..- Most fat people relapse. Very few succeed in long term weight loss...But:.- Obesity is diagnosed by a simple measurement (BMI). .- A doctor can diagnose you..- You don't have to be bothered by your weight to be diagnosed. .- AND ---- when you lose the weight *you are no longer considered obese*. ..Why is it different for alcoholism?  Shouldn't you just be diagnosed based on (say) your BMI and alcohol intake? ..Is this a historical trait some holdover from an earlier version of the DSM like how S&amp;M and homosexuality were considered disorders?..I find it baffling and I think it's why I'm reluctant to identify with the term. I'm happy to say "My name is Blondie and I have a massive drinking problem."..Thoughts?
----------immediate responses--------

Eh... it's controversial.  People prefer to call themselves whatever they prefer.  Personally I called myself an alcoholic and that was when I quit.  I had to in order to do it.  Me personally.  Otherwise I would have tried continuing to fix my problem with alcohol and make it not problematic by moderating my drinking.. so for me it worked.  I'll call myself an alcoholic in here no problem any day because my issue likely isn't going away.  The only way I had left to solve it was not to drink.  That's my 2c.  
First  alcoholism  is no longer in the DSM.   Alcohol use disorder  is the term used by the DSM 5...Second alcohol intake is a poor indicator of alcohol abuse.  People have remarkably different tolerances to alcohol.  This is based on many factors including genetics size weight past drinking history etc.  Some people can be intoxicated from one beer; others can't feel a six pack.  ..Third alcohol use disorder is a progressive disease and the disease progresses whether the patient drinks or not.  In other words if a person stops drinking for ten years then resumes they will soon be drinking at the level that they would have been had they not quit drinking in the first place.  This phenomenon is well-documented and is why relapse is so damaging particularly to those who have been sober a long while...Hope this helps.
Obesity is not a disease - it's a symptom. It might be a symptom of an underlying binge eating disorder. In this case losing weight doesn't cure the disorder - if they go back to bingeing the excess weight will come back on - that's the same as it is with alcohol...I do not need to call myself an alcoholic or even be an alcoholic to benefit from quitting drinking. The risks associated with drinking greatly outweigh any perceived benefits even if one drinks "moderately" (which I never did).
I do not have answers but I really like your post and looking forward to more responses you get. [High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for posting :)
Sounds like same but these things are not even  in same level.
I think this is a great and thoughtful question. I look forward to checking back for more thoughts from the cool kids here. :)..Congrats on 37 days! 
I dunno do you think those who struggle w their weight problem find it easy to identify as  fat person  as you put it. It did take me a while but I think I really made a good step when I decided to stop doing mental gymnastics for reasons that in the long run don't matter. Me? I'm an alcoholic call it whatever you want that's not what I'm concerned about. I'm here to get sober  not define disease allergy or work on my rhetorical skills. But hell if it helps you stay sober and make progress more power to you. For me trying to define the undefineable is a waste of energy. IWDWYT.
Other people can easily determine that someone's drinking is pathological by a number of different measures. The determination that enables them to turn things around is the personal recognition that alcohol is a problem but a problem they can possibly overcome...Most alcoholics were recognized by others as needing some help long before a solid self realization came about. Telling someone they are an alcoholic creates resentment or temporary reform. Someone concluding themselves that they are alcoholic might cause lasting reform...This is why people often say alcoholism requires self diagnosis. It isn't because it is often undetectable by others-But an occasional alcoholic can be pretty stealthy. They aren't usually as successful at stealth mode as they think though.
Our "inner lawyers" quibble over definitions as a tool to keep the denial going just a little longer.
