-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9olcp2/i_gave_narcan_to_a_roommate_tonight/

I live in a sober living house I stay here for the accountability and friendship otherwise I would live alone and I work from home and that's a recipe for relapse. ..There's 8 of us in the house no counselors or therapists we're all a bunch of alcoholics and addicts who want to be sober. We had a house meeting tonight and afterwards I was out smoking. I kept hearing low moaning noises almost like gurgling and thought it was one of my roommates watching Pornhub. One of my roommates came out and we laughed and joked about the guy being so loud. A couple minutes later there were some crashing sounds and yelling I thought someone dropped a TV down the stairs so I opened up the door to see wtf was going on. One of the guys was yelling "SOMEONE GRAB THE NARCAN NOW". I ran to the kitchen grabbed a box and ran upstairs. The bathroom door was kicked in and our roommate was passed out on the toilet he was the one making the gurgling noises. I held his head while another roommate sprayed narcan up his nose. His lips were purple his face was purple it looked like he had varicose veins all over his face. It took 3 shots of narcan before he started breathing normally. His hair was a little greasy and I can still smell it on my hand. The paramedics came and took him to the hospital and all I can think is that I can't wait to see my kids tomorrow and tell them I love them. ..Anyways I just hit 60 days that's the longest I've gone without a drink in 15 years. Thanks for letting me share. .
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats on your 60 Days!  You had a very stressful experience tonight that you handled beautifully. Be kind to yourself and know that we are so much better at helping ourselves and others when we are free from alcohol. 
That's heavy man. I'm so glad you were able to be there for him in his crisis. And the thinking he was just enjoying some porn.... That's a lot to unpack. Wish I could send you some chocolate or a treat to reward your life saving measures. Take it easy these next few days.  Thank you for stepping up.
Most will watch some will  do .  Thanks for being a doer!
Thank god for Narcan. 
..[High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for acting quickly and the 60 days. That sounds like a lot of stress - hug those babies a lil tighter today lol. How did you find a sober living home? I have been thinking about it a lot. I really need to move out of where I am but where I live the cost of living (not to mention credit) is ridic and I can't afford it plussss it would be nice to have a baby step before living on my own again. Anyway glad you are okay hope the room mate is too.
Damn that's intense. Good thing you were there. Congrats on your sober time it just gets better and better.
That sounds really terrifying. I hope he's okay. I hope you and your housemates are okay too. Thank goodness for narcan and that you were there to help him. Take care of yourself.
Everyone should know how to use it and carry it!.I live in a city but opioids are rampant in the 'burbs!
WOW! Good job by you amidst the chaos. And my disease thrives on chaos. I will keep your roommate in my prayers that he can touch recovery forever this time. And yes things like this make us appreciate the wonderful things in our lives and the people we love. Congrats on 60 days!
You are a literal life saver. He is so lucky to have had you all in his life. Congrats on 60! 
You saved a life. Praying for your housemate. ..You and your roommates are incredible and we are thinking of you all as you stay the path. 
Congratulations! You're awesome!
Wow that must have been scary for you.  I am proud you having those 60 days.  Hug those kids!..IWNDWYT 
Congratulations and a job well done. Certainly the best good deed of the day. Hang in there with sobriety. Trust me it gets easier every day. Terrific lesson here of not wanting to go back...IWNDWYT 
Wow you acted when it was needed. Its a real good thing for that guy you were sober. Wonderful job on 60 days. When i got put of the treatment centre i lived in a halfway house for a year and it really helped. Be proud!
I don't know why I can hear the rattling of your bones. I can remember my own I suppose. Three years without a drink and I'm still smarting from the horrors. I can't believe I'm still alive sometimes. Then I remember I am and I get scared. Life without drinking is amazing. It's like someone turned on the lights. AA has steered me well. I wasn't into their schtik but needs must. And now I'm a convert. All meetings and service. Proper boy scout. The social acceptance in the rooms has propelled me to achieve a driving license and a teaching qualification. I'm almost the full ticket. You might meet me and never realise I was drunk for the majority of my life. Yet here I am. Coming back to read posts like yours to give me the strength to try and get back to sleep. To forget about those who did me wrong. Or did they? Or is it all my fault? And do I care? Could be just my old head playing an old tune to get me thinking darkly. ..Every road is the road to Damascus. Your sober buddy is lucky to have met you on the way. I'm lucky to have read your post. You're already making amends.
