-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oly99/very_nervous_about_upcoming_business_travel_to_us/

So here I am 2 days sober after a huge relapse. Travel has so often in the past been my downfall and in two weeks I will be traveling to Washington DC for a conference...Normally I love business travel - the free wine in the executive lounge no one judging if you are drinking at 10am champagne as soon as you get on the plane wonderful American restaurant service!! ..But sober????? ..I have been thinking of maybe arranging to go to an AA meeting there meet other sober people and feel less lonely away from my family (the downside of these trips)...Is anyone in Washington who can advise me on a good meeting to go to or where to try? ..I know there will never be a  good  time to get sober and I don't want to use the trip as an excuse to drink...Any help/encouragement/advice welcome   
----------immediate responses--------

Not in DC although I grew up there... ..I'd highly recommend downloading some audiobooks to your phone for the airplane and hotel--I've listened to This Naked Mind many a sleepless night and it has helped me reprogram my "hard drive." Also anything by Thich Nhat Hahn (especially good is Peace Is Every Step a book that helped me overcome severe anxiety)...And I can't speak to the meetings themselves but this site is helpful and there's probably something near your hotel. When I go down to visit family for Christmas I plan to hit some of these up. https://aa-dc.org/meetings..Good luck!
I used to be tempted by work travel too.  There are still lots of nice perks to it besides getting drunk next to different scenery.  Now I actually have time to see the local sites and food.  When drinking I would never bother making the trek a across town to try Ben's Chili Bowl.  I would think oh this bar serves a local beer good enough.  Now you have the opportunity to really experience your trip.
Yes AA on the road can be amazing... Not in Washington but have found not only support but lots of local knowledge while attending meetings away from home.   Good luck...This is website   https://aa-dc.org/  it includes a phone number you can call now to help you plan and maybe even have people to meet and take you to meetings...
The book Alcoholics Anonymous is available in audio for free from AA.org.  You could listen to it during your travels.  The first 164 pages are the program.  The second part are members stories.
