-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9on85u/shaving_head_and_letting_the_hair_grow_to/

I'm considering shaving my head bald and only letting it grow when sober (ie. Shave it again if I ever relapse start the process all over again). I would allow myself to cut it to desired lengths and style provided sobriety but the idea is that that's only an option if I'm sober for a duration of time...Is this a bad idea? Should I not externalize the recovery process to something tangible? Or has someone done this before?..All being said I like my hair I feel like it would incentivize me to not drink so I can keep it...Day 2 attempt 5. I will be sober with you today. 
----------immediate responses--------

This is such a great idea! 
I think it's a very cool idea as long as you don't look at it as punishment and just as a visual aid. I would worry were I to use this method that I would get really down on myself when I'd have to shave and throw in the towel but I am also a sensitive cupcake haha...I will not drink with you today!
Do what you like just don't drink. 
Sounds like an awesome idea!  If I were a head shaving type of person I'd do it myself!   !  Hi5s!
In late March I decided to be sober. As a mile marker I decided to grow out my undercut. I used to color my hair in times of extreme stress which was all the time. Now my undercut is almost to my chin and I haven't colored my hair..If you're thinking of shaving your head to get a fresh beginning to me it's a power move. Physical mile markers can be positive reinforcement. I say go for it...[Useful reference ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonsure) ..Hair has been used as a tool for staying in check for many reasons. The above is what I used as reference while making my decision. If you have a friend to check in with your progress it helps. A mirror helps. I'm sure Reddit would like to see your progress as well. I'm interested in hearing your decision. Good luck..IWDWYT
Whatever helps you stay sober! I did the same thing with my beard in my first few months of sobriety. Good luck!
Shaving the head is traditionally seen as symbolic of a new beginning. I don't think repeated shaving is necessary but shaving it all off definitely is a fresh new experience and can reboot your mind. Besides winter is coming so might let it grow back a bit!
I am doing this with facial hair. letting it grow but tbh i am probably going to shave soon as i have a wedding that i would like to look presentable for and im learning a beard is going to be real tough for me to grow lol...Another idea you can do is plant something. If you relapse rip the seedling/plant out of its pot and start over. Still get the visualization of "growth" from the plant and the pain of having to rip it from the pot if you relapse. 
Wanted to follow up with an update: Rather than shave my entire head I decided on a compromise. With my spouse's apprehension on baldness (and quite frankly my stylists refusal) I took a leaf out of /u/eye-plucker's book and shaved sectionally. I had where one would normally have an undercut on the sides and back taken down to zero.  Not a huge fan of the aesthetics on me but even more incentive to not drink so I can let it grow out.
