-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9onusw/day_1/

This is day one for me after a year and a half long relapse. After nearly destroying most of the important parts of my life by drinking them away I got sober for about two years. Then that first drink led me back down the rabbit hole of lying to myself repeatedly and I have awakened this morning to find myself keenly aware that I am well on my way to self destruction once more...I don't want to be. ..I feel so ashamed. I feel so sad. I feel like I've just awakened from a bad dream. I feel scared. ..I realize now that my last period of sobriety was all about avoiding drinking and that I hadn't really done anything to change the parts of my life that led to drinking again. ..Hello all I am an alcoholic and I could sure use your help. I'm terrified of my lack of control and I don't want to hurt anyone I love or myself by drinking anymore. I know I can't do it on my own...I have tried. ..Today is day one...
----------immediate responses--------

Thank you for sharing. I started on my journey on this subreddit almost a year ago. I am still working to identify my issues that have prevented me from staying sober but I've come SO so far. I think I'm doing great but then I realize I'm still lying to myself lying to others. Anyway thanks for reminding me that I have to keep trying and that this is really a lifelong battle I need to keep fighting. ..I wish you all the best and IWNDWYT.
I've been in your position albeit only sober for about 3 months. I know the feeling of shame and regret and how badly it feels to be back to square one. Be glad you are continuing your journey now instead of further down the road when it would be even harder.
Me too brother im with you! I quit!
My day one too after a session that pretty much led to an ultimatum from SO. Need to make it stick this time. I understand the fear but I'm sure it will get better as the weeks go by. Hang in there for now. Peace.
