-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ooq2v/stopping_was_the_beginning_of_an_uphill_battle_in/

Stopping was a 2 out of 10 on the difficulty scale for me. I had reached a point where it didn't make sense for me to keep going (health issues and I wasn't enjoying it anymore) and I was in the minority where I had no withdraws and almost no cravings and no relapses (knock on wood!). ..Little did I know that stopping drinking was the easiest thing I would do that year! ..I had to repair some immediate damages such as going to the dentist and other doctors and that cost quite a bit of time and money and was scary and uncomfortable. ..I spent a bonus of over 5k on paying off credit cards and closing them down and hunting up old collections accounts and paying those off. ..I started tracking my eating and watching what I eat and lost weight still an ongoing process. ..I recently got my paperwork together and filed three years of back taxes...I got a second job on top of my full time job and am using that money to handle my debts. ..All that's great. ..But I'm still experiencing tons of fallout and negative consequences. Mostly from the personality flaws that lead me to be a problem drinker in the first place. ..I owe the government upwards of 20k in taxes for federal taxes. I had a judgement against me for state taxes (in short they "filed for me" sent me a demand letter and although I tried everything in my power to get ahold of them and set up a payment plan they never answered the phone there is no in-person office and the online profile I tried to set up over and over didn't work. So they filed a judgement and garnished my wages. Thanks guys. Ugh). My credit score is still so low I recently got declined for an apartment me and my guy really wanted. My health is still suffering and I still have medical bills I'm working on. I am struggling to pay rent in a super HCOL area (my BF is midway through college and there pretty much IS nowhere to move that's cheaper in this part of the state that makes sense for us all things considered). I recently ended a 15+ year friendship on a very sour note and that hurts. ..Yes I have a roof over my head and food to eat. I have a good job and a fun second job. So this isn't about complaining I'm working on fixing all the accumulated damage from neglect but the hits just keep coming! Stopping drinking was the EASY part. Living is the hard part. ..All this is to say that being sober is wonderful. But don't expect it to fix all your issues that's for darn sure!!! ..
----------immediate responses--------

Hey! Same here. My life is a mess after 7 months sober. I have big tax issues too. I also had a bunch of totally self made problems at work that I am STILL digging my way out of.  I wanted to say thanks for posting this- I feel a lot of shame about my situation so it helps to read about someone in a similar boat. I wish a magic sober fairy had gotten rid of all my problems but she basically just handed me a shovel and left me with the steaming pile of mess that I made in the first place. Hoping the second year is better for both of us. :-)
&gt;All this is to say that being sober is wonderful. But don't expect it to fix all your issues that's for darn sure!!!..Nope. But you (''you'' in general) will be far better equipped to deal with those problems. ..I think that many of us created problems during our alcoholism and many/most(?) are working to fix them all at our own pace. Some will be quicker others a bit slower and some problems are quite complicated but without alcohol there's room for tremendous growth and improvement. Just having a clear head alone can make a huge difference. ...You're doing great in that you're actually addressing things rather than ignoring them. Things will improve....
Quitting drinking won't solve all of your problems but it will sure as hell make them more manageable...
You are not alone in this. But my AA sponsor reminds me that although this is tough I wouldn't be fixing anything at all if I was still drinking. ..At least I have hope in a year or two things will be better all around I will feel better and I will be able to see a future for myself. 
You have so much to be proud of!!! Keep it up!  You got this!!  IWNDWYT!
So true.  I am with you.  I believe some day it will get easier.  We just need to catch up on lost time.
