-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9opb3f/hi_im_back/

I'm shaking as I write this but I think maybe it'll help me to get it out. I'm sorry for the wall of text and thanks in advance for reading. I'm a 24 year old woman and I've definitely got a drinking problem. It's funny I never thought this would be me and I never thought it would be me in such a short time span. In high school I never drank never went to parties where drinking was happening only was around alcohol at family dinners and such. I thought getting piss-drunk was the trashiest thing in the entire world. I would hear my teenage friends bragging about how wasted they got last weekend and cringed. When I got to university though that all changed. I guess being 300km away from my parents and starting over in a dorm room lead me to wanting to experiment and fit in with my peers. That's fine everyone tries new things in college. Looking back I think I knew I had what they call an "allergy" to alcohol the first time I took a sip of it. I had no tolerance was ignorant about serving sizes and would routinely throw up or pass out or get so shitfaced my friends would have to carry me home or physically get me in the back of a cab from bars and clubs. So many nights where I'd get so sick and be hungover for 2 days after. I know some of my friends were worried about me and I remember one girl I lived with expressed major concern about my drinking when I was 18 but I brushed her off..The next few years I slowed down a bit but I still had issues stemming from my drinking. My mom was concerned and would cry. I went to a couple AA meetings but it didn't stick. I think it all came crashing down when I graduated and moved back home. I didn't (don't) have a lot of friends in my hometown and I was feeling depressed about not being in school anymore feeling lost working a job I didn't care too much about. Around February my mom was the one to find the bottles of wine I hid in my room in my closet under the bed etc. I was embarrassed. I'm a petite 105 lb girl and I could clear 2 bottles in a night easy. My tolerance is through the roof. I felt so much anxiety waking up every morning. I started to crave drinking more and more. A few months ago I got drunk and wanted to end everything. I overdosed on pills and spent 4 days in the hospital. On top of it all I was in an extremely toxic relationship with a man who is also an alcoholic. Granted I met him when he was sober but he relapsed and when that happened it seemed like we encouraged each other to drink and would do nothing but watch netflix and drink together. I'm a writer and I've barely written anything in almost 2 years. It's like booze completely erases my creativity. I can't think clearly about anything. I lost my imagination and my sense of humour. My grades suffered and I was rejected to a master's program a few months ago which helped spur my suicide attempt. .I'm not sure if I can get myself out of this hole. I know it's going to be a battle. I guess drinking affords me this veil where I can stop thinking about my path in life. It's stopping me from achieving anything. I want to but I'm scared to. Alcohol allows me to be ignorant about the future. But I'm at a point now where I truly do WANT a future for myself. And I know I won't get it if I keep drinking..If you're read this all thank you so much. I needed to write this as a form of catharsis. I'm going to try to be a better daughter friend person. Thank you so much for listening to me. I'm going to sit out in the sunshine now and just for today I won't drink. 
----------immediate responses--------

Welcome ! We are all familiar with this story and you're here so way to go! Early days for me but this sub really helps. One day at a time. You sound like you're ready for this!   IWNDWYT
Good luck. Realizing why you drink and wanting to stop are very good steps. Iwndwyt 
Hey at least you are realizing it early. I drank from 16 to 42. Always knew I had a problem but didn't really care enough to fix it.  24 is young hell 42 is young.  I'm now in better shape than when I was 24.  ..You can get better.  I try to tell my kids that your state of mind determines your outcome.  I tell them talk about how you are feeling but smile smiles lead to more smiles. Laugh it leads to more laughter. ..Teach yourself to look at the bright side even when your first thought is dark. Mistakes are tools there would be no learning or creativity without mistakes. ..Wishing you well!  IWNDWYT!
Have you considered going to out patient rehab? Or back to AA? Or a different group recovery program?
I realized when I was 24 that I had a problem as well.  I went through a series of quits and relapses.  Each time faiing because I felt I could go back to being a social drinker.  I am now 38.  I have now learned that this problem won't just go away.   This isn't something that is just "okay you've done your 28 days you're cured!"  You will have to work at this.  You've already made the first step accepted you have a problem and need to stop.  Good for you.  Some people it takes a lot longer if ever.  ..&amp;#x200B;..My advice come here read the stories everyday.  In time you will be able to provide your own support and advice for others.  In turn the new people will remind you of where you came from and why you never want to go back to drinking.  At least that is how it works for me.   ..&amp;#x200B;..I recommend you read [Allen Carr's - Easy Way to Stop drinking](https://www.amazon.com/Allen-Carrs-Drinking-Without-Willpower/dp/1784045411/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1539717383&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=stop+drinking+now+allen+carr) it may give you a different perspective on what drinking is.  If you are anything like me you are far down the rabbit hole and your mind is really messed up.  ...Good luck. :)
Know yourself and you will win all battles. I know it's easy to focus on what others think about us. We want to impress our family and friends and do things that of which they approve. But I think we should set the measure of success based on what we know about ourselves. I'll look deep within myself and take stock of my strengths and my weakness. I set out to live by what I do well but at the same time own up to my weaknesses. With every failure I learn a little bit more about myself and with it a new lesson on being better day by day. Which is all just a long way of saying "We'll now I know what *not* to do...." Reflecting on the past is important in understanding how we got where we are today. At the end of the day we must accept that what is in the past remains unchanged in the past but we continue to change ourselves by our actions going forward into the future. Good luck! Keep calm and sober on! 
