-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9opobx/why_this_time_sobriety_is_sticking_for_me_long/

Just a few thoughts on why I've managed to stay sober this time. Your mileage will vary I just want to articulate what seems to be working for me. I'm a relapse queen but this time I think I stumbled on the right ingredients for my personal sobriety.  I can't predict the future but right now this is how I'm doing it...1. I don't count days anymore. ..I deleted all of my counting apps so aside from the badge here I have no idea where I'm at. When I count days it gives alcohol a much bigger place in my life than it needs to have which makes me more likely to relapse. If you're driving your car down the road and you start to focus on the trees on the side of the road your car will start to drift in that direction because that's where your attention is focused. Same with myself and alcohol. If I am consumed with counting days I will relapse. Other people are motivated by tracking but I just obsess over it...2. I considered myself changed from the moment I stopped drinking. ..For so long I  just wanted to be changed. I'd think about how many days I should have before I consider myself free of alcohol? When can I say I'm really sober? I relapsed so often should I even bother? The truth is that although changING is a process actual change is instantaneous. I believe that I have changed. ..3. I tell myself that I can drink any time I want to. ..But when I really think about it I *don't* want to. Drinking doesn't do what I thought it did. I know that now so when I really think about it I'd rather do something else. By allowing myself to understand that I *can* drink anytime I want to it takes the taboo and shame out of it for me. This thinking didn't work for me right away. I think I drank 3 more times before I REALLY realized that drinking just isn't fun...4. I took Annie Grace's online course and read everything I could about alcohol. ..This is probably the biggest factor in my realization that alcohol has no redeeming effect. It took a long time for my unconscious mind to get on board with my logical mind but once I finally convinced the part of my brain that wanted to drink I just *knew* I was done. This is the key factor in how I came to not wanting to drink. Learning to not want it is a journey but not wanting to is immediate. I'm still a little shocked that I got here but I am here. ..5. I found something else to focus on that I can be proud of. ..I've been on Weight Watchers for a month and I'm kicking ass. I'm proud of myself. I look forward to my weigh in days and I wouldn't blow that feeling of success for a night of drinking. It's really important for me to have a source of pride in my life after so many years of feeling like garbage. I feel freaking fantastic now because exercise is good for depression and anxiety too!..6. I chose my problems. ..The book "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck" says (paraphrasing) that problems never go away we just get to have *better* problems as life improves. Everyone wants to be happy. Instead of asking myself what I want to be happy I asked myself what problems I'm willing to live with what pain I'm willing to endure for the outcome I want. I choose my problems.  I decided I'm not willing to endure hangovers lying to drink or the constant cycle of thinking about drinking/drinking/regretting drinking. These aren't problems I'm willing to entertain anymore. I have plenty of better problems to spend my time with. ..7. I deleted social media. ..Along with this same point above I chose to delete my social media in order to choose which problems I give my attention. For me reading the true thoughts of people on Facebook was depressing and alarming. Politics news in general and my inclination to engage with topics left me honestly hoping for world annihilation. Not healthy. So I chose to cut that out and focus on things I can actually affect. I will vote. I watch the news on my terms instead of letting myself be bombarded with tragedies. I avoid the comments on articles I read. ..There's probably other factors I'm not remembering right now but that's what I could think of now. If you're thinking "This nut got 40 days (or whatever it is) under her belt and now she thinks she's an expert?!?! Maximum LOLZ!!" ..I get it. I don't think I'm an expert but I feel like a switch has flipped and I'm finally where I need to be.  I'm amazed that I've gotten this far because I have tried everything. ..Although it may not be much time that I have been here nevertheless I am here. 
----------immediate responses--------

I really like your second point:  2. I considered myself changed from the moment I stopped drinking. Thanks for sharing this.
I love this - thank you for sharing! SO helpful!
Congrats on 40 days dry! I'm right behind you at 49. The change is amazing isn't it? Night and day. The most baffling aspect is that I willingly inflicted so much pain and misery upon myself. The drinking which always and invariably lead to a self relegated purgatory in which I could exact even more self-loathing guilt and hatred for what I've done. And what is the only penance to this vicious cycle? The panacea as it were The Drink. Only to be repeated ad infinitum. It's so much easier to simply wash one's hands free of the entire thing...&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I took Annie Grace's online course..Interesting. Is this any different than her book This Naked Mind? ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I chose my problems.The book "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck" says (paraphrasing) that problems never go away we just get to have *better* problems as life improves...I choose my problems...Fascinating perspective. I'll have to give the book a go. The sentiment that one can't avoid life's problems but one can choose which to allow space in one's head rings true. ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I've been on Weight Watchers for a month and I'm kicking ass...Commendable. Good for you. The very first thing I did the same day I decided to stop saucing was diet and exercise. The exercising began after the initial bout of insomnia cleared. It's amazing how quickly the weight drops when I'm not sucking down 2000 calories of alcohol a night. ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I deleted social media...Not a fan. I've never been on it. It's junior high school glorified. I'm not sure why people are so obsessed with Fakebook et al. Virtual likes virtual friends. It's so entirely narcissistic. No thanks. ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;I don't think I'm an expert but I feel like a switch has flipped and I'm finally where I need to be. I'm amazed that I've gotten this far because I have tried everything...This is how I feel as well. After spending almost two decades being transfixed on alcohol and never having gone more than a week or two without it it would be a strange and foreign thing to *not* feel liberated and exhilarated when being let go as the captive hostage to The Sauce. ..&amp;#x200B;..Thanks for sharing your background and what has worked for you. That's precisely why I come here. ..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
We're almost at almost exactly the same place in our journeys and got there a similar way. I don't count days anymore either although I do have an app that tracks the amount of money I've saved and I do like seeing my badge. I started doing my lifting program again the same day I quit drinking and am tracking my calories (although I'm not actively trying to change anything with the way I eat right now other than making sure I get enough for building muscle). I loved Annie Grace's book but haven't done the course. The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck is on my list to read; my sister in law recommended it too (not from a recovery perspective but just in general). I really liked Eckhart Tolle's  The Power of Now  too which is more about the idea that very few of our problems actually are problems and it's just our perspective be that needs to change. Congratulations on finding what works for you! IWNDWYT!
Cutting out social media has been huge for me. So much negativity so much self-righteous indignation! I'm glad to be done with it.
So much wisdom is this post! Brilliant said. ..I love 'The Subtle Art of Not Giving A Fuck' too. I am a pretty blunt person and I don't have much time for beating around the bush just give it too me straight. I would rather have the plaster ripped off and have that initial sharp pain than drawing it out...I have also stopped counting the days apart from my badge and an app on my phone that I can look at if I am ever tempted and it shows me how much money I have saved. I didn't even realise I had gone into triple figures until last night when I edited one of my posts. ..It is such a liberating and freeing feeling not having my life dictated by alcohol anymore. I am slowly getting there. IWNDWYT :)
Your point about knowing you can drink anytime is huge. I'm seeing a therapist and that's something she says all the time: I have the choice anytime I want to. And truth be told I've taken that chance a few times in secret just to prove I could do it. But each time I did there was no magic no shiny happy feeling nothing worth while at all. It just felt...dull...This realization along with The Naked Mind really  assisted in dwindling the cravings down to nil and removed the romanticized bullshit our minds and society in general create around it. I find this part to be so key to maintaining. I'm not "trying to be sober" I'm choosing not to drink the same as someone would choose to not smoke cigarettes or pot. There's nothing about those that I need them to enjoy life and alcohol is just another substance on the list. Doesn't require any more justification than that! 
This is super helpful to me.  Day 1 here and yet I already resonate with much of your post.    Especially the social media thing.  I deleted FB five years ago and the app for Insta a year ago...just can't actually bring myself to delete the account yet!  Hopefully someday.  I also hope to get to the point where I no longer need to focus on day count; I don't like how much time alcohol occupies my thoughts. Thank you!!
I really liked this post. Even if something changes in the future its still valuable regardless of what comes next or how many days you have on a badge. Good advice is good advice! X
