-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ov6ea/a_hilarious_lesson_on_why_i_shouldnt_drinkand_why/

In July I was really struggling with getting sober.  I was frustrated and ended up drinking most days including at lunch while at work...One day I got off a bit early so I did what every raging alcoholic with spare time would do I walked across the street to a local restaurant that had a bar I liked.  Four double bourbons later I was feeling it.  So what great choice did I make next?  I went shopping...I went into one of my favorite small shops and vaguely remember buying a few things including a poster.  I didn't get around to hanging it up and it ended up in my closet.  Fast forward a few weeks later the drinking caught up with me and I ended up going to a 30 day residential program...So I came home feeling infinitely better and started to tackle cleaning out my closet.  Finally this past week I remembered I had the poster and I was immediately spooked...The poster is of two women lifting a barbell in bikinis at a Tennessee fair in the 1950s era.  I know why I would have liked it given the symbolism of strong women working together.  But drunk me clearly didn't get too close to this poster because one of the women looks exactly like me to the degree that I'm kind of terrified by it...I know this may sound rambling and nonsensical.  But the lesson here all at least for me is don't drink and definitely don't drink and shop.  You will end up with something that freaks you out when you sober up.
----------immediate responses--------

I will add to this story the lesson of using the internet while on a binge...Today I turned on the computer (new replacement since last one was fried by lightning) and found that my Youtube login was changed. Then my Email address was different. My passwords were all changed. I had four half-downloaded games on Steam and my Steam name was changed. I don't have the passwords saved on any of these accounts or my old ones since I only just got everything installed here and my old PC is a smoldering brick...I don't remember doing any of this or why I felt the need to raid Steam on a new identity and start a new Google account. Now I have to go through the account recovery hassles and figure what addresses I have linked to which accounts and so on. God help me if it asked me for new security questions at any point. It's probably garbled nonsense.
I signed up for 4 different monthly subscription services while I was drunk online shopping. And I would start getting boxes and I would be like WTF is this? And then I would get drunk and forget to cancel them. I kinda miss my Try the World boxes and I think I may start that back up again : )
I have bought a lot of things online and not remembered. Including the world's hottest ramen noodles. A huge box of them. Forced myself to eat them too. That taught me a lesson!
That's kinda cool though cause now you *are* the strong woman. 
