-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9owouc/midlife_dry_sis/

Hi - wonder if anyone else has found that being sober has triggered a bit of a mid-life crisis? ..My Naked Mind is processing stuff I have drunk away for years from a (not actively abusive) difficult childhood that still affects my relationship with my parents today to my regrets over abandoning my education when I was a star pupil my deep seated anger towards my ex-husband who was a serial philanderer and put my health at risk and left me to raise our beautiful son alone without any financial support whilst stalking me personally because he could not believe I left him to my exhaustion of building a pretty cool career whilst being a single mum culminating in the Job of a Lifetime in which I was bullied and gaslighted for the first time in my life which eventually caused me to  resign' (I didn't want to) with a big pay-off and silence agreement. I don't want to go back to that situation (it nearly caused a break down) but I am still angry and upset about having to leave this job and hugely affected by the bully. ..I have recovered whilst drinking: got married again to a lovely man and found a great job in which I am respected and in which I am growing. My gorgeous son is a teenager now and thriving. ..To a certain extent this context is probably why I have found the strength to finally release myself from my alcohol prison. However now I am in my forties old-ish actively mourning losing my youth a little overweight and struggling to lose it despite not drinking and struggling with a huge lack of energy no interest in all the things I love to do (I am normally a high energy person) and battling irrational insecurity in my new role - and constantly churning over the past.... my anger my regrets my guilt my if-onlies.......Am I the only one? Is it because I am dry in my mid-life crisis so a mid-life dry sis?   I know I am much better equipped to deal with all this emotional turmoil being sober clear of mind and not hungover. But how? Or is this how everyone feels who does not drink to numb the noise?..
----------immediate responses--------

After 25 years of drinking then stopping all my repressed anger and resentment has come to the surface. It's slowly calming down but at first I couldn't understand why I was so ANGRY at certain people. I always had these resentments but they became much worse. I am an over 50 woman and had my midlife thing a long time ago. You sound like an amazing lady :)
Thanks for the post. Have you tried therapy? You describe symptoms that attribute to the 'dry drunk syndrome'. Having deep seated regrets and resentment against others in your past and present will not bring a person to serenity. Being sober alone stops the self medication but now what changes have been made personally to deal with life on its own terms...I had to make those changes and do the heavy lifting. I forgave the past so that I could move forward in peace. Did I make mistakes? Heck yea! But it's over can't change it. Did I learn from it? Yes and decided 8 years ago that alcohol was hurting Me and making me miserable. There is alot of power in the Serenity prayer...I am happily single and have a career that I pursued in sobriety that makes me happy every day. I am highly selective in who I date because of the countless number of women who have unbearable baggage and issues that would drive me into misery and ultimately back to the bottle. Why would I want that? Will I exercise patience in all events in my life show control and confidence in my sober decision making? Yes I do and it really works. Mid life is what you make of it crisis or a joy of living. I actually feel 15 years younger as part of being sober because under the drink I had stopped aging/maturing. However I realize I have the wisdom of someone of my age or older. I truly enjoy life and don't worry about this or that. Paranoia is the direct opposite of the Serenity prayer message...When I encounter the overwhelming number of douchebags male and female in my life I typically ignore them and walk away. The desperate women who I don't know that try to pull their drama on me in trying to suck me into their screwed up life sends me bolting for the door. Why? Because I love my sober serene life and I will never jeopardize it again. Alcohol is a typically a mask for unhappiness or what one tricks themself into believing what will make them happy. It's a bullshit poison bottom line. One has to be happy internally to enjoy all that life offers them. And happiness can be experienced at any age of life...Hate your job? Get another one of the millions out there or start a business. Douchebags bothering you and impacting your life? Get away or use the civil court to sue them for damages with no regret or resentment (they will learn real quick when they get slapped with a huge penalty...make it hurt). Have a lousy spouse or SO? Don't cheat on them simply break up with them clean and patiently find a new SO...dont look back. Horrible family members? Walk away and if necessary cut them out of everything including your Will. Same goes with all other negativity in your life apply the Serenity prayer...Point being get yourself aligned on all levels: physical mental emotional moral and spiritual and you will enjoy life. Mid life crisis simply indicates that one is not fully balanced. And don't worry about death because it is inevitable. If you have any faith in an afterlife then you can look forward to everlasting peace without all of the douchebags you bumped up against in this cockamamie world. If you are an atheist then you can take pleasure that you will make terrific worm food when your last day cometh  
I got sober at 49 I'm almost a year in and my 41st birthday is close ahead and my first birthday sober is next.  I look at this as my second wind.  I have the chance to look at my demons and call them out to create a new healthy emotional landscape now that I'm free of alcohol to be at a place where I can see things so much better.  It doesn't scare me it thrills me because I *get* to change fix repair alter and grow for real from now on.  Recreate new ways of being get rid of some trash and forge ahead with the ability to learn some new skills and the wisdom of experience to use them.  This past year I've been working on a solid foundation of sobriety (where I do not want or need to drink) and breaking my mind open to discover the things that have been the root causes of my troubles so I can move on powerfully.  It's been such a relief.  I think that's looking at the same dilemma from the other side of the coin.  It can be scary to renovate a life.  It can be miraculous to be able to renovate a life.  So joyfully gratefully as I journey into this new opportunity I will not be drinking with you along the way.  
