-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9oxhf8/relapsing_while_in_therapy/

As you can see on my badge I've had to reset itmy badge recently. That's okay I'm fine and at peace with it. I had 4 months before this and felt great. Didn't drink at vacations parties and even festivals. ..A few weeks ago I found a good therapist and started to explore why I sometimes feel depressed and why I'm so hard on myself. Things were great we touched some subject I hadn't realised bothered me and I got a load of food for thought. ..I felt energized after the sessions but when I was alone a few days later could sometimes not get out of a negative headspace. This was at random moments but when it happened I shut myself of from the people I love. Basically like I used to do when drinking (and through drinking)...Last Friday this led to a relapse and I drank about 5 beers. I cut myself off when I noticed that it did indeed not make myself feel better and I was just very disappointed with myself. Last Saturday was a horrible day feeling wise but luckily my awesome girlfriend was there for me. There are cravings now at times but that is fine I can manage them and know to look out...The question I wanted to ask you guys: Has anyone else experienced that they relapsed while in therapy maybe even because of it?..I will ofcourse talk about this with my therapist but I just don't know wether or not this happens more often...Thank you guys so much for being here in the hard (and luckily also the easier) times and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

&gt;relapsed while in therapy maybe even because of it?..Justifying my decision to have a drink is easy; Assigning causality not so much...Here's my observation from the short description you shared...I had patterns and habits around my drinking.  I drank every day.  I had triggers associated with my patterns and habits.  Hard wired.  If I had had a drink a thousand days in a row abstained for a little while and introduced a few episodes of therapy into the mix I could not say that the therapy caused me to drink...I would say that "I" caused me to drink and that it will take a while hard wire "not" drinking into my life.  I would be reassured that I had successfully ceased drinking fir a period thereby proving I "can" do it.  It would signal to me I need more support and a network to call when I get an urge or a craving...Looking forward to hearing more about your journey!
Hang in there! Sometimes the process is like golfing...it takes a few attempts to get to the whole. As long as you're learning and growing it generally gets better...I have relapsed while in therapy in the past. Was it because of therapy who can say for sure.  What was important for me was to find out what need wasn't being met how it expressed itself (fear anger despair etc.) and to immediately begin meeting it and dealing more effectively with its expression...Part of that at least for me is mindfulness of my own self; i.e. I have addiction issues.  I tend to forget about them if I don't keep it centered in my mind each day and then fall into old patterns...IWNDWYT 
I've been in therapy for about a year. I notice that it makes me feel free to do little experiments on my life in between our sessions - because I know that I have the session as a safe place to regroup and debrief. ..In the beginning I would do things that I knew went against the larger plan of my life because I didn't know what else to do yet - but now I had a place to go and talk about them. ..I've had a few drinks here and there since I quit. It's been really nice to be able to talk to her about them. Once it was because I was at a friends house all day and the only things in his fridge were beer and watermelon hard lemonade. So we talked about how I felt the next day (gross) and what to do next time (I arrived with my own stash of seltzer to keep in his fridge.) ..I don't consider any of the drinks I've had to be a "relapse." My recovery is about so much more than having zero alcohol pass my lips. ..I love therapy. 
Something my therapist used to tell me was "Freak out in here don't save it for when you leave." I was always very intellectual in our sessions making connections and feeling productive. But I did not bring her my raw pain and fear--I gave her a presentation on it and then left to deal with my pain and fear alone...Her advice meant that I should use the session and her as a safe place for the difficult emotions--that is what they're there for. Then I could bring that clarity and stability back to my regular life. I don't know if this resonates with you but I thought it might be worth sharing. IWNDWYT.
