-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p0e9i/scared_reentering_the_rooms/

26 years sober without a blip then overwhelming stress + stupidly taking prescribed Benzes for anxiety/insomnia led to a relapse that lasted two years. I tried to go back in a couple of times. Once I had a bad sponsor experience which was an excuse to stay out and drink some more. I did have a spouse die and have to work and raise a child alone so people might "understand". Tbh my drinking isn't that bad (yeah I know I know) and I'm functional if not thriving but I'm so isolated and that's why I want back in. And for whatever reason I don't seem to care enough about my counter here for me not to pick up that bottle of wine every few days. The reason I still drink is at this point probably mostly isolation and then the weekly tough nights when my kid lashes out at me for her dad dying. We're both in therapy but it happens; it's just really hard. And I'm convinced now that I've written this someone here will know who I am and everyone's talking about my drinking cause it's all about me and my fuck ups.  For  most of my adult life AA was my tribe and it was a good way to live. I just don't want to run into the sponsor who got judgy or like one other person or other people who might know me professionally. I know that's so stupid. I've reached out to an out of town friend in the program and now it's time to either go to a meeting or reach out to some local ones. Anyone have any words of experience or encouragement?
----------immediate responses--------

I've been in a lot of meetings where someone came forward with a story of having drank after a period of long-term sobriety. I think you can guess what the collective response was. If not here's the spoiler alert: "We're glad you made it back."..We all understand that life is full of challenges and sometimes outright pain and misery. It's tough to be an alcoholic in recovery and deal with all of it at our best. We can't always give our best in situations but all we can do is turn it around when we make a mistake. This is something people in recovery should understand. I understand. ..But how about that shame and embarrassment? It's potent. It feels very real and it can cripple our efforts to reach out to others and/or do the right thing for ourselves. Shame also makes us even feel shame for being ashamed. But you don't have to take this out on yourself in a never-ending spiral...Shame is alright in small doses when it convicts us of something we've done wrong but it's no place to live. Eventually we may need to sever it and just come forward. You can always do that in AA.
I went back into the rooms after leaving and it was like I had never left at all.  The same people for the most part were still there.  They accepted me with open arms as they should and I hope to return the favor to somebody someday when they are feeling guilty after returning from an extended slip :)  I have one person I like to avoid at meetings and I know his schedule of attendance so I attend locations where I know he will not be.  Hopefully you can figure out something similar with your previous sponsor.  That being said I wouldn't let any one asshole keep me out of the rooms.  I need them and they work for me. 
Sending positive energy!..Your experience strength and hope will add a lot!
Im thinking to return for a meeting as well. Thank you for your post. My emotions are spilling everywhere i choose to be alone until i know i can maintain. You are doing amazing things right now for you and for family. You will get through this and very sorry for your loss. Keep talking and reaching out to those you trust. People actually like helping people. Its hard to believe somedays but they are out there! 
Don't think about it and just do it. I went back recently after having 4 years. People were glad to see me. 
"there are like 30 other people who will remember me and be happy to see me" - hang on to this!  This is what's true. 
I visited the rooms for just over a month once and the stories and histories I heard shared in that short period will never leave me. People old and young with harrowing experiences I couldn't have imagined. Including people who'd been successful for years falling off and staying away for years in shame before eventually finding their way back...I saw and heard those people being treated the same as those on their first visit: welcome back - the past is the past this is today now let's see about making it to tomorrow...IWNDWYT.
