-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p7lyq/fellow_relapsers_youre_sober_time_doesnt_just/

I had to reset my badge. I was at 70 days and I drank. Fast forward a few weeks and I'm back on the wagon and surprisingly feeling better than I thought I would...I feel like I've fell into a groove of sobriety easier this time. I feel I'm not back to square one the same way I was at square one the last time...Those 70 days there's still something of their positive effects remaining in me...My point is if it's like that for you it might be like that for you. Don't give up on giving up!..Would like to leave you with a quote I came up with yesterday..'Not drinking isn't easy otherwise everyone would be doing it'..IWNDWYT x
----------immediate responses--------

Relate to this so much - I'm driven by how good those sober days felt. It's like they serve as a platform which I never had before because I'd never been sober for long enough to know what that felt like. ..Here's to not being at square one :) I won't drink with you today 
I agree. I just dumped on 115 days sober with five days drinking. Now off it again for a week and I feel like I got back on track quickly. Still wouldn't recommend it though! 
I felt way better about not drinking after I relapsed earlier this year and have found it easier since. This is not a recommendation...but it did work for me by making clear to me I wasn't missing out.
I quit drinking in 2010 for a few months.. maybe 6 to 8 months.  I quit this time dec 2017.   Sure it its obvious to me I must stay quit.  Because I lost 7 years and can't afford any more time.. I wouldn't recommend it though.  Back then I didn't have SD to tell me moderation is a myth and a trap that we all face and fight after we stop drinking.  
I've sobered up a few times in the last 2 years. Sometimes it was painstaking sometimes it was really odd to me how easy it was. One day things are terrible and I just stop drinking. But other times things were terrible and it didn't deter me....I made it 5 months sober this year but relapsed for 3 months.. I got a really bad cold/cough for a week that forced me to stop drinking. After I got well I just kept it going. It's only been 2 weeks now. Just have to keep trying and not give up hope. Hope is incredibly important. Good luck
I completely agree! The reason I have triple digits now is all the experience and learning from 10 days here a month there. ..I really believe this is part of the process and completely normal...Congratulations on your current sobriety! IWNDWYT!
Exactly! Earlier on it was very important for me to realize and understand that every sober day was important even IF I relapsed. Of course it's better to not relapse at all but it gave me hope and made me feel like someone who was growing rather than as a failure and a doomed case. I made longer and longer stretches of sobriety and I didn't quit in one go or one big ''jump''. They were all smaller leaps as practice for the big jump...Not being too upset with myself over relapsing kept me going. I forgave myself. Instead of hating myself I examined what drove me to drink this time and I noticed that it had a strong compulsive element to it and realizing that gradually helped me to quit. Looking at the problem examining it picking it apart made me see clearer just what was going on and also made me think of ways and tools to counteract this effect...In my eyes it's super-important that you keep going keep trying. Each attempt at sobriety counts every day that you didn't drink counts. 
Hello my friend. Well done...The most natural thing for a bird to do is fly. The most natural thing for an alcoholic to do is drink. ..No it is not easy. Now I am not going to suggest any drink. But you may just have needed one more to convince yourself.  If this has happened it was well worth a hang over etc...My big thing. 1 day at a time. Yesterday is gone.  Tomorrow is not here yet.  That leaves you only today. If a day is too much an hour or even a Minuit at a time. ..Also AA was a big help for me. ...I am always here for you.  If you need to chat or find out more...Your Friend John         
I am sitting here with 14 days. 2 weeks. Out of a total that could be 1022 days today I am not bitter or mad tho. I mean it would be kinda cool to be a dino and I would have done soooooo many fun things in that rime frame if I didn't relapse in there a handful of times. But I learned from all of them. I know things that work for me and that dont I know time frames in my sobriety that I need to be more vigilant than others I know how to cope with things better and coping mechanisms that just dont work for me. [High Five](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/dc/7f/f2/dc7ff20e1af55e41e62b1c6c089cada3.jpg) for this post. It is true the time doesn't go away - it makes your stronger and wiser.
&lt;jumping up and down waving arms in the air like a toddler after a big piece of cake and a Mountian Dew&gt; YES! This is so so important! I fell off the wagon after more than a year of sobriety. Hated myself for it. Got back to sobriety. Drank again. And now I've had a little more than a month without drinking and feel much stronger. Every relapse is an opportunity to fine tune our reasons for why we no longer want to drink and re-commit to a life of sober FREEDOM. Don't give up. Just get up and keep going. 
I relapsed 2 or 3 times at the 5-7 month mark..I realized I needed extra help to plump up my personal recovery program... and so I went to aa. I'm almost at a year now!  And have both a physical support group and an online one.  I recommend for anyone struggling.  And all sober time still counts...but be careful not to be a chronic relapser. ..I freed myself for good. (I pray)
I have the same experience. Being sober feels so much more normal than the first few times I've quit drinking. .Not having cravings or irritability. .IWNDWYT.
Thanks for sharing. I relapsed after about 65 days and am looking forward to continuing sobriety again. ..Good luck!
Fully agree! I've had a few 1-3 day relapses. They suck but each has  reminded me how awful alcohol is for me. 1 day of relapse costs me a good week of feeling like shit...IWNDWYT
Requested a badge reset today. That's okay. It took a short relapse to remind me there's nothing really good about it...IWNDWYT
Agree so much.  If you spent a year training for a marathon you didnt run it doesnt negate all the training effects.
Recovery is like driving from California to New York. If you happen to make a wrong turn on the way you don't have to start back in California. Just start back up again in Iowa or where ever it is you got lost...IWNDWYT
Thank you needed this today! I made it almost a year before relapsing. It's disappointing but I've had a much easier time getting back to sobriety this time and I'm not experiencing horrible withdrawal or cravings as intense. We got this! I will not drink with you today. 
I think you  make some good points. In fact in my experience even AA has changed it's approach to this a bit. I went to my first AA meeting as a teenager to support a friend of mine and there were a couple of relapsers there. At the time it was treated as such a shameful thing. Both of them had to return the coins they had earned in front of everyone and it was as if whatever sobriety they had accomplished meant absolutely  nothing...Fast forward more than 25 years later when I went to my next meeting and it was completely different. Someone returning from a 'break' in sobriety was simply welcomed back. Their sober time was still treated as meaningful and they didn't have to give their coins back...Yeah I'm sure that reset their sober date just like people reset their badges here. Still it's better than being made to feel like a failure.
Absolutely. I haven't relapsed since I joined SD and got my badge but there were times before. ..Your lessons learned and skills developed on your sobriety journey don't disappear. It's like falling off a bike. You gal down you get up again and try to go further this time. And eventually you're off doing wheelies. Ok I could never wheelie a bike but you get the metaphor. 
This is a good perspective to have. Don't assume that a relapse means you couldn't keep going. Look at the sober time as an indication that you're making progress and that you can keep it up. Also your health is going to benefit greatly since your body isn't being poisoned for that sober time. Also your body isn't really keeping track in the same way you are it only really cares about your ratio of sobriety.
Thanks for sharing this. I am learning a lot about myself through this process and it won't just disappear if I make a mistake. 
I like this. It may not work this way for everyone but for me all-or-nothing thinking is absolutely part of the dysfunction that led me to abuse alcohol. So one drink after a period of sobriety for me was always like "WELL FUCK IT" and I gave myself unconscious permission to binge...More mature me says "hey you fucked up remember how bad this sucks? sobriety is always there for you and you know you can do it because you've done it before" and goes back to what I know works without all the drama...Good for you and IWNDWYT
I did 60+ days earlier in the year - and like many here - had a drink and in no time was right back where I was.  I somewhat randomly started back up in about another 60 days and also found it easier to re-find the IWNDWYT groove.  One of the intellectual tools in weak moments was indeed this point - I'm having a MUCH better year than the previous 20 and I can build on the success and not dwell on the mistake.
I think we do ourselves a disservice if we grade ourselves on a Pass-Fail system. We treat alcohol use so differently than any other lifestyle goal...If we're talking about weight loss and you have a goal to go from 250 to 200 lbs......You're doing great you're down to 225 but then you have a big family event one weekend and you decide to have some pizza and skip a couple of workouts. You go back up to 227.  You do NOT go back up to 250. You don't quit what you were doing. You get back into your good habits on Monday and keep going...When we're talking about drinking I don't know why we treat it like we went back to 250 when we in reality we went back to 227. It's self-defeating and really unhelpful...Further let's say you know your absolute ideal perfect health weight is 192. The doctor told you that all the literature says 192 is where you should be.  But you got from 250 to 200. You personally feel ok with 200. You're in great shape you're happy you love what you see in the mirror your spouse is proud of you your friends all tell you how great you look you eat what you want sometimes and get some joy out of that.....Are you failing when you are able maintain that 200 lb weight for two years? Or are you succeeding?
Thanks for sharing. I had 60 days sober and I caved a while back and now I can't seem to go more than 3-4 days before resetting my badge.
Goodness I needed to see this. I relapsed after 75 days...on day 18 here and taking it one day at a time. Not gonna give up on giving up! I will not drink with you today.
Man even a day off in the middle of a 1000 year binge is worth celebrating. 
 I need help. I'm stuggling. I need to quit
You are so right friend. It has taken me years of quiting the alcohol to get where Iam now. This time I do feel that it is different. I will not drink with you today. I will NEVER drink again and I will NEVER change my mind about that!! Best of luck to you in your journey  
Big time.  Completely agree.  People say sobriety gets easier with time.  I didn't with me exactly.  First time I was sober for 4.5 the longer I went on the more miserable I got.  My 2nd 4.5 months stint was slightly easier as was the 3rd 4.5 stint...Then it all clicked for this 1000+ days stint which was easy.  I'm just done drinking and hope I stay that way...So I prefer to say that sobriety gets easier the more times you try it.
You're an inspiration! And you give me hope! Thanks for sharing :) 
Had 18 days (most I have had in three years) and last night said "fuck it" bought a bottle of wine and drank the whole thing in one go. This morning I am reminded very strongly of why I decided to stop. I am sad that I have to reset my badge but I am even more resolute now. Alcohol and I will never be able to have a healthy relationship. It does nothing but poison me. Here's to being sober. Keep on keepin on guys and gals.!
For me its learning new behaviors and giving those behaviors a chance to become a habit. Its now a habit for me to wake up early and work some overtime and go to the lake on my day off.
This is very important. As someone who also just reset after over 1000 days it is important to remember that the sober days were positive ones. Sometimes its too easy to say I have to start at 1 that's too hard to get back to X days so I'll keep drinking. The badge is a great helpful tool but it can also have slightly negative affect if you slip up after a long stretch sober the important thing is that you just take it one day at a time! IWNDWYT
I agree and disagree with you at the same time. We can be proud of our time being sober or over a period of time but we cannot hang our hat on it no matter what. I am a year and a half sober and if I drink today that year and a half won't mean anything if I die or go on a bender or kill someone else. Look at it as an accomplishment but look more at the reasons behind your relapse. This way you can grow from it. Reasons  like I didn't pray didn't help others started feeling like I could "handle it" could drink in moderation. .Good for you being back on the wagon. Grow from this experience and don't turn back!.
I agree. This is how we grow. How we change. I didn't just quit cold turkey and understand what alcohol did to me until I quit denied I had a problem got worse and got help got worse got help got help. I haven't had a drink today yet. It's not a waste. We are not a waste. IWNDWYT.
Thanks for this post and these words of wisdom!  IWNDWYT.
I relapsed so many times but the most important thing I realized that I had to learn from every relapse and find the pattern. Analyzing myself and the reason why I was drinking is important. 
Calculated what I had last time. 175 days. Just shy of 6 months. After 9 years of not drinking for maybe 10 total days in a year.
It's not a reset. You don't lose everything you learned if you hop right back on!
I decided that my drinking had gotten out of hand and have been trying to get sober for a few years.  After a nasty spree back in June of 2016 I checked myself in to a one week 'spin dry' and attended an IOP daily for a month afterwards.  Stayed sober for 6 months but I was convinced that I could drink 'normal' again.  It started with a beer here and there and within a month or two I was right back to daily drinking with no control at all.  This went on until June of 2018 when I also went on a week long spree and ended up having to have my daughter bring me into the ER on Fathers Day.  I guess that was enough to convince me that this was damn serious. I checked myself into an in patient rehab for 21 days and have been attending AA since I got out.  Today I have 130 days sober and have not had the obsession for drinking at all.  I have a sponsor and have been working the steps.  My attitude has completely changed to acceptance that I cannot drink 'normally'.  I work on my sobriety one day at a time and do worry about tomorrow or next week.  I have become much more spiritual and even tempered.  I am truly grateful for the fellowship and the people that I have met in AA. ..From Churchill: 'Success is not final failure is not fatal its the courage to continue that counts'
