-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p8hcs/i_went_through_training_yesterday_on_how_to_help/

I've been here for 2-3 weeks I think.  I go 5-10 days without drinking then drink for 2-3 nights then don't drink again for another 5-10 days. ..I drank two bottles of wine the night before last Then yesterday morning I went to a day-long training about how to help people who need a mental health intervention. I had a headache and felt "off" the first few hours but gradually felt fine. The last topic we covered was substance abuse. ..The key to knowing if someone needs to seek professional help for a mental health issue is if it negatively  affects their work/school their family/relationships their daily living responsibilities. ..So while I acknowledge that binge drinking 1-2 nights a week is damaging to me physically I don't think I've hit a crisis point that where I am super motivated to stop drinking (yet). .Sometimes I'll wake up with a headache and feel generally rotten and be motivated to stop for a while. Then I feel better and 5-10 days later binge drink again.  ..I'm not saying I won't get to that place of crisis and I sometimes feel like I'm playing with matches. Two years ago I was drinking a bottle of wine a night every night. Weekends meant Brandy coffees for breakfast until I transitioned to wine or vodka in the afternoon. I started marking the calendar for days when I was sober to make sure I actually took a day or two off. ..Even since joining this page I am drinking less when I do drink.  ..Is this really a thing? Can one just fade out their drinking?  I'm not completely sober but I'm drinking less than I have in years consistently. ..I'm not saying that any of you have the answer I'm just musing. Thank you for this space. ..I will not drink today. ....
----------immediate responses--------

(Since joining this page I started 10 day sober periods Over the past year I stopped drinking during the week and day drinking.)
Everyone has different journeys with it. ..I started by phasing out drinking friends and a drinking environment after being in therapy for a while. ..Did you guys learn about the Stages of Change in your class? https://www.therecoveryvillage.com/recovery-blog/six-stages-change-recovery/  I find it helpful to remember that even when I was just thinking about my drinking that was change. 
What you describe sounds very much like a common first reaction to AA.  People go there worried hear a bunch of horror stories and say oh I am not like that I must be ok then.   But other people's big problems don't mean the smaller problems in our own lives don't exist.  Going to work with a headache sounds like it would impact your job performance.  I never got fired or yelled at for being hungover but I sure wasn't giving my best work when I was...I am glad to hear you are cutting back.  Abstinence isn't the only way to a happy life though when people let the problem become big enough before fixing it it tends to be the only path left.
Yeah there were times i cut back rationalized that i was  ok  because i was doing it less. I slowly crept back to where i was but worse each time. I figure its just easier to not alter my mood with chemicals at all things get very complicated for me &amp; zero is easier than trying to control it(which never works in my opinion).
Yes we did. We also discussed that just cutting back to where it doesn't affect the big three is okay too. ..Today I'm not sweating the longevity of how many days I want to be sober. I'm just not drinking today. ..Friday used to be unthinkable without going through at least a bottle of wine. This site and all the posters have helped me move beyond that. 
