-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p8yn6/31_days_and_an_and_understanding_of_a_higher_power/

I have thirty one days sober today. I never thought I would be able to say that honestly but my higher power had helped me to do that. I had a God moment yesterday after a lifetime of being a militant atheist. I've been working on the second step over the past week and struggling with it a lot. God put me in this meeting (that I only went to because my class was cancelled and some how I remembered that there was a meeting at that time on campus) where we discussed the second step. The way everything lined up to let me be in that meeting and to hear the your for that day is too much to be a coincidence. I felt God in me as I was walking back to my car after and I knew something was there with me in that moment. I don't "understand" my higher power but I know that I have one which is a huge step for me. Thanks for reading. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you! IWNDWYT 
I've been an atheist/agnostic &amp; now I'm trying to question that/grapple with the spiritual  stuff.  I'm jealous and happy for you that you've had this realization   Truly awesome! I hope I get there. 
When I'm open to it there are miracles!
I am not an atheist but I do understand it as I struggled a lot over the years with faith.  We get so focused on self (especially as alcohol abusers) that we fail to realize how insignificant we really are.  Once I came to terms in my intellectual mind with how ludicrous I was in my thinking that if there was a God I should get a sign to prove it or something.....Then one day I stumbled across a YouTube video series by Louie Giglio called Indescribable:..https://youtu.be/AEh56ROJx48..I watched this and I am a battle hardened old Army guy and I wept.....Glad you're finding your way to a higher power as it helps with getting and staying sober in my opinion. 
So excited for you. I couldn't take on this journey without knowing that God is holding my hand. Give it time but give the journey a chance. Your experience is a wonderful opportunity to discover something new. 
