-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9p902h/i_didnt_quit_but_ive_been_refusing_drinks_for_13/

I don't think I'm an alcoholic but I do get too rowdy and I know it can affect my life. I work in criminal defense and the biggest factor for me to slow down my drinking has been seeing 99% of our clients under the influence of alcohol at the time they were arrested...My biggest struggle has been going out with friends and being pressured to drink all night. Although my first few refusals of were tough it's getting easier and easier to say  no.  ..I haven't completely quit drinking but I have no plans to down 10 drinks any time soon and that feels pretty good. ..
----------immediate responses--------

This is pretty much where I'm at on day 19. I don't know if I am done forever but I've learned so much already and proved to myself that I can put my priorities in the right order. My brother is in rehab so that is what makes me want to keep a mostly clear head kind of like the people you deal with at work. Life is about being happy and enjoying yourself and I think that's fine if you don't take it to the next level every time. I don't plan on drinking much at all again but I have realized my issues were more personal than they were with alcohol. 
I remember seeing my stepbrother go through some serious issues with drinking before I committed to getting sober myself and he was in court mandated counseling at one point. ..He was insistent in his early meetings with the counselor that he did not have a drinking problem...In his third or fourth session his counselor asked him to list out all of the times that he had been in trouble with the law and times where he would have been arrested if caught doing things he shouldn't have done in the past few years.  He wrote out a list of about 20 things before his counselor said to go ahead and stop...  ..At that point the counselor asked him to circle each item on the list that had happened while he had been drinking.  Every item in the list wound up being circled and the counselor just looked at my stepbrother and smiled.....It's not that we get in trouble every time we drink but for me every time I got into trouble I had been drinking just like my stepbrother.....So I will not drink with you today. 
Awesome.
This is pretty much me. Although I have identified as an alcoholic for a long time. A 'binge' alcoholic though rather than a fully physically dependent one.  ..Lots of people have told me I'm not an alcoholic probably because I don't fit their stereotype (or it perhaps shines too much of a light on their own consumption) but I know deep down I have no moderation and there's never just one or two drinks. There's an unmistakeable 'urge' to drink that I've always thought can't be 'normal'. ..Maybe you're the kind of person that can moderate but needs to be very mindful of consumption and set limits. Maybe you're not. I've tried and failed at that in the past. Good on you for sharing though even mindful reduction is healthier than not examining the issue at all. 
