-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pa31g/my_friend_is_letting_alcohol_take_over_his_life/

For context  me and my friend Chris have been friends since kindergarten  and we are now in our mid 30s. ..I've known him as a drinker for some time now  but never thought it was an issue till it caused him a divorce and the loss of his child 5 years ago.  I can recall the night his wife reached out to me and asked me to talk with him because he wasn't listening to her.  That night I told him that visiting the bar every night  even if it's "just for a drink" is not healthy for his relationship.  They were having issues with money and this wasn't helping.  He looked at me with honest eyes and said he will not go anymore.  He even went as far as to drive towards his home when he left my house  only to find out that he ended up at the bar because he ran into my cousin.  Oops. Busted..This was years ago and when his wife left and took his child  I backed away from him entirely.  He was really self destructive.  Drinking  drugs and poor decisions with women  led our friendship to a rocky path.  I am a full time single father and I don't have the free time to party or be there for him when he comes down at 3am when the bars close.  ..Over the years he has gained weight  his skin is always red and he suffers from all of the symptoms of an alcoholic. His vehicle is neglected and his credit has been destroyed. He plays the innocent dad on social media  so people always pat him on the back and tell him how unfair it is that his daughter was taken away  and he believes it. Even though he neglects child support  never writes a letter and only skypes when it's convenient. ..A few weeks ago he came here because he was heartbroken.  His girlfriend at the time blew him off and left him without answers.  He's 36 years old and crying on my front porch. I told him that it's why he shouldn't fall for strippers  it's the third time he has dated one and the first two didn't go very well.  (Poor choices in women) ..I feel like I've lost my patience with him. So I've also lost the filter to be kind with him  because for so many years it feels like it goes nowhere and it's frustrating.  I convinced myself to write him off but he keeps coming back because at this point he has nobody else to turn to. His own family rejects him  his old friends abandon him and the only people that seem to be there for him is the bartender.  ..So a few weeks ago he comes back from a FEMA deployment to find that the house he was renting had changed locks.  He wasn't paying his bills  but he reaches and grabs for anything to pass the blame.  Honestly it's exhausting how little he accepts responsibility.  I invited him to stay in my office and use my fold out bed temporarily because I knew he had nowhere to go.  ..Since he has been here  he's at the bar every night and sometimes he goes there during the afternoon.  He'll tell me that he's going for a walk or going out for food  but he shows up hours later  with glazed eyes and smells like cigarettes and booze. The last time he stumbled in on us making dinner and grabbed tater tots from my daughter's plate without asking  then standing there wobbly like a drunk and comments about how he wishes he had some tater tots. I knew he was wasted and I'm sure my 12yo daughter recognized that something wasn't right. I put in some tater tots for him thinking he probably hasn't eaten (which is common) but 20 minutes later when they came out  he was passed out on my front porch with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.  Honestly the saddest thing I've seen in a while.  There was a man who has lost every battle and is letting alcohol take over.  ..I lectured him the following morning about alcohol and cigarettes around my house.  I'm no prude  but we will not abuse these things here.  I try to set a good example for my daughter.  ..He always apologizes and admits he needs change  but Chris finds a way to the bar again.....Tuesday night we had another childhood friend (Mark) joining us for taco Tuesday. I told Chris ahead of time that we'd be going out for tacos  and he flaked out on us.  When we get back from having tacos Mark asked what happened to Chris and I said "he's probably sitting alone at the bar staring into his phone". He mentioned his disappointment because the week prior he came to him for help with the brakes on his jeep  and after telling him the challenges he was dealing with  Mark told him not to worry about paying him. Only to find out later that afternoon that he spent $200 on a tattoo and still has money for the bar every night.  ..So yesterday morning  I was no longer smiling or making eye contact with him.  At this point  I'm so frustrated to be around him  that I no longer feel compassion for his issues.  I told him that drinking is destroying his life and he is no longer allowed to do it if he is staying here.  I refuse to enable him anymore.  Yesterday afternoon he says he's going to his storage unit to grab a few things and he was gone for a few hours.  I made a pst on facebook about dinner with my daughter and noticed that he commented right away  which is common for him when he's at the bar with his face in the phone.  So I told my daughter we were going for some ice cream and sure enough  his jeep is in front of the bar.  After Ice cream we get back home to find him doing dishes which is odd because he never cleans up after himself.  I ask him how things went at storage and then I told him that he smelled like the bar  he rolled his eyes until I told him that I saw his jeep there  then he said he just stopped in for a drink.  ..So I lectured him.  In front of my daughter  which I probably shouldn't have  but I'm desperate.  "Why do you always choose alcohol over everything?". Then I told him that the old drunks at the bar  is his path if he doesn't turn his life around.  I said "you're going to wind up drunk and alone". ..Later that night he said he's going to main street to check out the biker event  it's basically a street filled with bars.  Shortly after I told him he needs to be out by next Friday  drinking is destroying your life and if you want to go to AA I'd go with you.  What followed is a list of excuses  anything to justify the drink.  ..I wake up at 3am to the house filled with smoke.  He cooked a mini frozen pizza and something just have fallen on the element. There he was passed out next to an empty plate.  ..I know this story is lengthy and I'm sorry I can't really offer a summary. I just have to get it off my chest. I'm at the end of my rope with him.  I have enough of my own struggles and I feel like I'm constantly putting myself in more trouble to cater to him.  I've lost sleep because he needs someone to talk to  I've lost money because i hate to see him driving drunk and I'll call an uber I've given him so much food when he comes over drunk and tells me he hasn't eaten and I've now given him my extra room/office to stay in.  It's coming to an end though.  He's going to have to hit rock bottom alone.  I've reached out to family and friends to organize an intervention  but nobody seems to care enough.  He's borrowed from and been a burden to so many. ..For those of you who read this and think you can relate to Chris please change before you end up alone.  ..I will not drink with you all today  including my friend Chris..Thanks for lending an ear.  All the best &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Tough love can be hard but if no one else is willing to do an intervention then maybe you need to be stern. He can't be like this with a child in the house so he can only stay if he goes to rehab first. This is ultimately your decision and I can't really tell you what to do. I woke up and realized I needed help. It worked well for me. He has to be willing and ready but that push may be the wakeup call he needs. I wish the best for you your daughter and your friend. Please let us know how it goes. IWNDWYT!! 
What you need to do is get him in to therapy. Figure out the financial part make the appointment and get him there. He probably has major depression and can't function. It is a disability. Someone needs to open the door and drag him in to therapy...That is my opinion. You can't just tell him  you need to get help . Okay he knows that but he can't move himself. You need to do it for him and make it easy for him to go to therapy. At least once a week I recommend twice a week. And he needs to keep going for months without giving up. Think of it like someone with a disability that needs someone to DO things for them. He can't function. Telling him to do something is not enough. Make the appointments and take him to therapy...That will make a difference.
You're a caring person...I always remember I can give love without trust; and compassion without compromising my healthy boundaries...It'd be a tragedy if your house burned...Sending positive energy.
I've watched people literally kill themselves with alcohol and there was nothing I or anyone else could do to get them to change...&amp;#x200B;..Have you checked out /r/alanon ?
Thanks for sharing this important story and reason to stay sober. Btw only he can change himself and it sounds like he doesn't want to
Thanks for sharing. Obviously help him if you feel like it but I wouldn't feel guilty about cutting him off if it were my daughter and my house.
Sorry to read about your friend it sounds like a tough time for both of you...A lot of people on this sub credit a book called 'This Naked Mind' by Annie Grace with changing their view of alcohol - it is recommended a lot. Apparently it borrows quite heavily from 'The Easy Way to Control Drinking' by Allen Carr... those books might present a useful perspective to your friend...An interesting one I stumbled upon yesterday is 'The Abstinence Myth' by Dr Adi Jaffe. It aims to tackle the problem of people being set up to fail by a recovery system that has two positions: abstinence and failure...I hope you and your friend find a solid way forward. Take care.
I didn't want to change until my brother said he wouldn't speak with me again and my parents said they would stop supporting me until I got help. For me as long as I knew that my parents would keep supporting me I could never have gotten to that place where I realized deep down that drastic change was needed. By housing him and feeding him while he continues to drink one could argue that you are enabling him. Offering to help is not bad per se but if I were in your shoes I would set firm boundaries on the help you offer. You can be supportive and enforce rules at the same time. Getting kicked out might end up being what helps him reach that rock bottom. Ultimately it's on him. You sound like a good friend but yeah like you are getting at there's a limit to what you can do for someone who doesn't want to change.  
I would encourage you to stick with him just a bit longer. I know it is tough when he is using and abusing you and your support but he sounds to me like he's probably feeling suicidal underneath it all a lot of the time. He's not coping with it well obviously but he probably doesn't know any other way than to drink as a cop out and subconscious means of slowly killing himself. I feel like I see a future version of myself in him because that could have been the path I ended up on had I kept going or were I to start again. My thought is to get him to a good rehab. He needs more advanced attention than AA can afford him at this point...It sounds like he knows underneath it all the way he is and some part of him wants to change but he can't/won't do it because he either doesn't want to at his core or is so scared of stopping because he doesn't know any other way of being and this has worked for him so far. I'd be willing to believe in that one more time. While idk if this would be a generally encouraged practice I would consider getting him drunk (if he's not extra stubborn/asshole-y when drunk which it doesn't sound like he is) and then taking him to a rehab/institution and dropping him off there. ..That could be a bad idea or might not be as effective long-term if you 100% force him to do it so I can't fully condone it. But i think it would force him to get sober and then give him a chance to see where he's at more effectively than any intervention would and then you can see if he really wants to fix himself or not and continue to offer your support accordingly. ..I would also totally get it if you just have to leave him behind especially in order to take care of you and your kid. You've been a very noble giving and kind person to give him so much support but you can only be a caretaker like that for so long. 
The best answer here is to never work on some else sobriety harder than they are. He got to want to change for himself. Until then your kinda just blowing hot air. Try to be there for him when you can be but put yourself and family first always. Only when his mindset changes can he really receive the help he needs 
Show him this link..... and cut him loose.
I'm a giver...And I have an ex-wife that has a drinking problem...And I develop a drinking problem after she and I split...And a girlfriend that has a drinking problem....One thing that I learned *the hard way* was that "givers need to set limits because takers never do"...I would seriously look at attending an Al-Anon meeting...People with drinking problems - me for example - really do want to quit.  I *am* sincere; so is both my ex and my girlfriend.  But we don't always follow through with our intentions.  This stuff is *hard* especially when your own brain and body are fighting against you...Learning how to deal with that; learning how to keep loving them while not *enabling* them... That's HARD.  I'm still figuring it out (and realizing that people around me have had to do you the same with me)...Plugging into a program designed for that might help.
Cut him off. Sounds harsh but I just did that with my best friend. It hurts but is sometimes necessary 
Reread your initial post.  I think it will help you gain perspective.  You have bent over backwards.   Next Friday sounds far away to me.  
