-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pfg86/struggling_right_now/

Third night without drinking. Just got off work about 30 mins ago and I want a cold beer like no one's business. Stopped into the gas station to pick up some mountain dew for my wife and just stared at the beer. Very very nearly got some and it took everything in me to just go up to the counter with the 2 liter and GTFO of there. Now I'm just feeling frustrated and annoyed also a bit mentally exhausted from having to fight with myself so hard the last few nights about this. Even now that I'm home I'm just itching like hell to go out and just grab a six pack. These cravings are driving me insane. Not sure how I'm going to keep this up.
----------immediate responses--------

hey there! good job on not buying anything. That can be so hard. If you are looking for some people to talk to right this minute you can always join the IRC chat associated with this subreddit. ..https://kiwiirc.com/nextclient/#irc://irc.snoonet.org:+6697/stopdrinking.
Eating something sweet worked for me 100% of the time in early recovery.
Right there with you man.  I'm just trying to get to sleep as fast as possible and tomorrow it'll all be worth it. 
Visualizing and conjuring memories of the hangovers and the "Oh my God! I'm killing myself!" thoughts often discouraged me from actually going out and buying any. Can't say I'd have had the same resolve to walk away if I was looking right at it.  ..Depressing as it might sound you could try to go to bed early and sleep through the cravings. Really your body probably needs the extra rest anyhow.  
Buy some cold Lime LaCroix it really helps!
Are you able to share this with your wife?  If she is supporting you in this and knew that this was a struggle it may help 
Stay strong! Getting through one day at a time got me to a better place. Sending positive thoughts your way! IWNDWYT 
That used to be me - but staring at the wine. I  stopped' so many times but never had the strength to fully commit until one day it just clicked (&amp; I had such a bad - insanely bad! - hangover. It really scared me and I realized I'd be dead in no time if I kept it up. .It was nevertheless still so hard not to cave in for just that  one drink' (it never is - 1 is too many and 20 are too few). .But can I give you some hope? It gets easier! I now don't even notice the wine:beer etc. in fact I walk past that aisle and cringe..Good on you for not caving and as prior posts get stuck into the sugar for the first few weeks (or other foods that aren't meant to be good for you - you can always wean off those later on). You're body's used to all the sugar from the alcohol hence the cravings so just eat : drink what you need to to help get you through the early days..
Me too! Feeling your pain. We can do it 
Cannabis 
Good job. There are  Those days  were the pull of the addiction is strong. .One those days I just say I can make it until tomorrow..
It's insane how much I wanted to drink at the beginning. It tore me up inside almost constantly after work until bed. It was NOT easy but I just fought through it day after day. Get through this weekend sober brother you will be so happy with yourself you will keep at it. 
You keep it up by just keeping it up.  Just don't drink.  It sounds so simple I know.  But just...ahem...say no.  Divert attention.  Move on.  Treat beer like that sloppy drunk girl at the bar who is hellbent on going home with you.  :)
Good job staying strong!!!
There's a certain peace you can find in just accepting cravings for what they are and acknowledging them. I remember when I realized I didn't have to *do* something about my cravings. I don't have to respond. It's an unwelcome guest that's walked in my door on accident. It will leave just as unannounced and I can go about my business...It gets easier. You're in the shittiest part right now so hang on as hard as you can. It is worth it.
I'm sorry you are going through such a tough time. I'm happy you are pulling through though. Keep posting and reaching out for support. Have you tried AA or smart recovery? Support was important for me at the begining and it really made a difference in staying sober. I wish you the best friend. IWNDWYT!
Glad you reached out! The constant struggle is exhausting. I'm desperate to finally be free of the cravings too. I have the audible version of This Naked Mind and I listen to it whenever I feel like I can't fight the cravings. And of course reading SD posts!
