-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pn35f/struggling_today/

Nearly at 6 weeks. I'm going to a Halloween party tonight with my usual group of friends which hasn't been an issue before but for some reason my mind keeps wandering to having a few drinks. I'm driving my SO and myself to it so I can't drink anyways but today is one of those days I wish I could. ..I guess I just need to post for some accountability. 
----------immediate responses--------

Six weeks is a tough time it's long enough for you to get bored of being sober but not long enough for your brain to have rewired and stop those horrid cravings! ..I try to walk myself thro to the next morning and envisage what I would have achieved by having that much longed for drink plus remember that what you have achieved is awesome not many can do what you have done and not drink for 6 weeks keep it up it does get easier I promise
The disease will mess with your mind if you aren't in a good state of mental fitness. Relapses occur sometimes because something mental is bothering you. Focus on your feelings like reasons you might feel sad or angry and sort them out. Then just remember your reasons for not drinking and how they've helped guide you so far. 
Alcoholics Anonymous has a trick called 'book ending.'..You 'book end' an event with a sober contact before and after the trigger...Like calling someone before the party and then later when you get home...Good luck
I found I have to prepare myself before going to a party. Maybe this can help a little these are questions I ask myself before heading to the party:..* Who is going to be there? What is going on in their lives that I can ask them about? (School career big events or trips they just went on etc) .* What kind of attitude do I want to bring to the party? .* What is going on in my life that I can talk to people about (No sobriety and my "struggle" is not a topic.) .* What food drinks desserts do I want and can bring? .* When I start to feel off what is my plan? (Call someone take a walk step outside with my wife for 5 minutes etc.) .* What is my exit strategy? ..An important perspective I need to keep is that this party is not about me. It's about my friends and having fun with them. When I do that right alcohol never enters my mind. When I start to feel self-centered isolated self-pitying; then all I can think about is alcohol and how hard my life is. Poor me bullshit. As a counsellor in my rehab said: "Poor me poor me pour me another drink."
