-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ppl0d/do_you_keep_your_house_alcohol_free/

I am looking for advice.  I have been sober since Jan 2012 and for about 60% of that time have lived alone.  The other part of the time I had a roommate but she didn't drink and it was never an issue...My boyfriend maybe possibly future fiance is not an alcoholic and therefore doesn't have a need to keep alcohol away.  Note: we do not live together now...We have reached a point of contention here and I am struggling to get past it...My desire: keep an alcohol free home including social events.  I feel like my house is my one "safe place" where I don't have to be faced with alcohol.  It's not that I have a desire to drink it's just that I have a lot of complicated emotions surrounding even the sight of alcohol and I want my own home to be the ONE PLACE in the world where I don't really have to think about it unless I choose to...His desire: live like he does now which is to have a drink whenever he feels like it...For almost this entire year he pushed back on me and my needs which you can imagine was incredibly frustrating.  I don't like to "win" arguments but on this I don't feel like I should have to compromise...Just the other day we finally came to an agreement that he would only buy what he needed if he were hosting something or if he felt like having a beer after doing the lawn or something...Now we are hosting a family get together at my house tomorrow and he wants to serve wine with the steaks that he is serving...I HATE THIS IDEA...Now that I am faced with the idea of serving alcohol here and it's not some abstract thought in the future I don't want to.  I wish I had never agreed to our compromise and I told him a few minutes ago that I agreed to it because I felt like that was such a point of contention with him that I HAD to give in...What do all of you do?  Do you have strong feelings about keeping an alcohol free house?  Does your SO support you in that if you do?  Was it or is it a point of contention for you?..I am starting to have really weird feelings about this whole thing because of how strongly he pushed back on me not wanting to have alcohol in the house if we were to get married.  Does HE have an alcohol issue and it's just really well hidden even to the point of me not knowing about it?  He does spend a lot of time alone.  I have just a weird gut feeling about this.  Either that or he is being really stubborn which is also a red flag.  I don't know.  I just feel so weird about this whole thing and how much he has pushed back on like the ONE thing that I feel he should be more compassionate about.  I mean I ALMOST DIED.  My mom drank herself into cancer and then DID die.  He didn't know me then but doesn't that matter?  Doesn't my trauma with this poison "trump" his desire to have a beer once a month???..I agreed to what I thought was a great compromise but am having second thoughts and don't like what we agreed to and now I feel stuck in our decision and don't feel like I can go back and say "wait I don't like what we agreed to" -- in THEORY I would be fine with keeping whatever he wanted in the house and not affect him in my sobriety but for some reason I just can't get there mentally...Please help me get some perspective I really would like your thoughts...Thanks!..(PS -- If I sound really selfish or close-minded please tell me -- I am open to feedback and discussion I just can't not feel how I feel you know?)
----------immediate responses--------

I've been doing pretty well in controlling urges when they come.  That being said if there were a six pack in my fridge right now I would run and pour it out.  Because I might crack.  I have to keep my house alcohol free...I'm sorry you are having to deal with this issue. I wish you the very best! IWNDWYT 
I keep alcohol in my apartment. But it's like a collection of scotch that I've acquired. Even when succumbed to the temptation those never crossed my mind. It's liquor store around the corner that gives me more problems.
I can see both sides here. On one hand he shouldn't have to change his lifestyle because of your personal problem. On the other you shouldn't have to sacrifice your comfort in your own home. This is one of those things couples really need to communicate about and see where their feelings go with it. A good compromise might be putting a locked fridge in the garage to which only he has the key. ..The only bit that seems off to me is his insistence on bringing wine to your house for a dinner. You've made your rules about that pretty clear
I would tell him I need to revisit this discussion because this compromise is painful it goes against every fibre of my being and I've changed my mind.  Where I thought I could handle it now I can't.  I personally see no reason why my house can't be an alcohol free zone permanently.  I truly don't.  If I have a dinner party without alcohol is that really such a disaster?  I don't see why.  I'm sure there are plenty of households that don't serve alcohol with dinner and the food is still great.  This is my personal take on it.  I'm 40 and I've compromised away my values before it hasn't ever turned out well yet.  
Why do you want an alcohol free home? Are you worried you might start drinking again or do you just not like the sight of it?..If your worried about drinking it then I'd say it's a fair response to not want it around. I'm lucky to live in a dry house so there's no chance of any bottles of anything being in my house BUT in the future if I ever lived with anyone that drank I would have to deal with it being in my house. I think you have to be at a point where your confident in your sobriety to have it around. .I do understand it's your home though and you want to have one space that's alcohol free you need to talk to your partner about this really. Have a really open and honest discussion. It's a hard thing to give advice on to be honest. 
I guard my sobriety like a rabid wolverine so my home is alcohol-free. My friends know that they'll only find tea coffee soda and water here and it hasn't been a problem thus far. I see my home as my cozy safe space and alcohol simply isn't a part of that. I do have it easier in that my partner doesn't drink either but he wouldn't have an issue with someone bringing alcohol into the house. I told him that we wouldn't keep peanuts in the house if I had a peanut allergy and he immediately got it. 
Let's put some context...If I had an anaphylactic response to bee stings I wouldn't have an apiary...If peanuts would make my lungs fill with fluid I wouldn't "try just one peanut" once in a while...If I wasn't comfortable in my house with alcohol I wouldn't have any...That's just me...If I don't attend to my safety who will?.
Your life. Your rules. .U.I don't want to make this into a "who's more right" - no matter who wins the relationship loses...Your SO doesn't seem to take your needs seriously. Maybe he doesn't understand how important this safe space means to you. I don't know. But anyone who truly cares about you will respect your space and appreciate what you need to feel safe...Recovery is part of who you are. It's bundled in the package. Part of the deal. You don't have to apologize for who you are or what you need.
[removed]
&gt;Do you keep your house alcohol free?..At the end of the day I don't think it matters what I do it matters what effects *you.* To be perfectly honest this sounds more like a relationship question/advice than it does an alcohol question. ..&amp;#x200B;..&gt;If I sound really selfish or close-minded please tell me -- I am open to feedback and discussion *I just can't not feel how I feel you know?*..The crux of the matter in my mind is italicized. It's your life. It's your decision to drink or not to drink. *You* have certain things that serve as a catalyst to either make *you* simply uncomfortable or to make *you* want to drink. And lastly it's *your* relationship. One has to custom tailor all of these elements in the equation to fit oneself. They aren't going to fit anyone else nor should they. That's what's important. And only *you* can answer those questions. ..&amp;#x200B;..Personally I'm not drinking right now and I'm also not dating. I haven't even considered how I would feel if I was with someone who enjoyed drinking. I go out with my friends while they have drinks but how would I feel about kissing someone with alcohol on their breath? I'm pretty certain that would make me want to drink. You asked several questions and wanted advice I'll tell you my personal take but like I said I don't think it matters so much what works for me but only what works for you.....&amp;#x200B;..The very first thing I did the day I decided to stop drinking was grab my keys and walk to the liquor store. I bought a liter of vodka. I don't particularly like vodka. I bought it just in case I experienced extreme withdraws and it was after hours and had no access to alcohol. It's worth mentioning I live alone so there's no one to help me in an emergency. Tapering never worked for me. I would just continue drinking until I was drunk. I'm on day 52 dry and that bottle of vodka is still sealed under neath my kitchen sink. I've considered throwing it out but what's the point? There's over 100 bars within a square 2 mile radius of my place (I live downtown). I still go out to bars occasionally I just drink sodas. If anything I find it empowering. But again thats just *me.* ..&amp;#x200B;..As far as your significant other goes I think that's something your going to have to answer for yourself. If not being around alcohol is that important to you then you might decide to only date someone who is completely abstaining from alcohol. Only you can answer that one. I don't see this as anyone being right or wrong; it's simply a matter of preference. If he doesn't have a drinking problem then drinking isn't a problem in his mind. I don't want to give advice on a relationship and I dont' think it's worth anything because it's not my relationship. Having said that I wouldn't juxtapose the two: *which does he value more me OR alcohol?* I don't think it works that way. 
I think there must be a compromise. Alcohol in the house for paties but none of it stays when guests leave sounds reasonable to me...We have loads of booze in the house but what works for me isn't relevant to you. 
I feel like this is a big deal! The people in our lives havvvvve to be able to understand respect &amp; support our sobriety. The cost/benefit analysis for each of you do not even compare on this. In my opinion he should at least take this off the table for a year if he wants to live with you. Otherwise it seems to me like he is saying his habits &amp; convenience matter more than your health...There is some alcohol in my house that my ex-husband (*interestingly*) left behind but it's hard liquor &amp; I just can't handle it it actually causes a swallowing problem for me. So I won't touch it &amp; keep meaning to toss it. BUT if there were beer here my drink of choice I would be soooo tempted I would totally cave...I live alone now &amp; think a lot about how I want to live &amp; what I'd like in a partner one day. I'd never demand someone not drink but for sure for at least a few years I don't want it in my home which is as you say supposed to be our safest space.    IWNDWYT 
And I totally agree you should listen to that voice that isn't comfortable with his pushback. Insisting you serve wine is a pretty blatant violation of your boundaries since you've already made your feelings really clear. ..I'd also say your future agreement about alcohol in the house is really vague &amp; sounds like it will lend itself to conflicting interpretations.
My wife drinks responsibly and I just accept the fact that my weakness should not be a burden to her.       .I do understand the need for a place that is alcohol free So my 'free zone' is anything within my arm's reach. -That will have to do for me..
For the most part there is never alcohol here. When my brother in law spends the night he brings a 12 pack but I make sure he takes any that are left with him. He only stays over every few months. I would not want it here on a regular basis because this is my safe place. Can your guy go to a bar or a friends for a few drinks and keep it out of the house. I think that's not too much to ask assuming he doesn't have any issues with alcohol. If he needs it there all the time than it may be he has a dependence he's not aware of.
You do you.  You are working it out.  Observe.  Each of us has the right to change our minds and rework agreements.  All of us deserve a safe heathy home.  ..It's alright to slow a relationship down if we notice we are not feeling respected.  ..We don't need to pretend like everything is ok if we don't feel like it is.
Re-read your post.  Try to objectively look at the issue.  You can work this out.   
[removed]
I'll be honest when I met my late ex husband and he told me he was sober/recovering...I wouldn't have dreamed of drinking or bringing alcohol to his home. I actually quit drinking the day he told me...which is maybe a little far to go but I think your significant other should be supportive of your health. 
I don't. My therapist thinks I should but I don't live with heavy drinkers and there's never more than a bottle of wine and a few beers in the fridge. Considering that it takes me at least two bottles of wine to get drunk the idea of wasting someone else's expensive wine to feed my addiction has lost its luster. Red wine hangovers are the worst anyway. 
Sort of. There's alcohol but no temptation. I have sake and sherry which is used for cooking and for which I have no desire to drink. I also have no problem hosting and providing beer and wine for others. What I will do is send the leftover beers home with someone and dump unfinished wine. I know having that in my house would be problematic and too easy to think about have "one or two" after everyone went to bed. We all know where that would end up. Never had or will have hard alcohol in the house. For me the only thing that's good for is getting hammered and just doesn't need to be around. Luckily my wife doesn't drink at and it's easy keeping a dry house. 
My wife still drinks but has no problems with it...I told her that she doesn't need to change her life for me. So at times we have alcohol in the house. Admittedly it has seemed enticing. But if I play the tape forward there's nothing good if I drink...I feel like I can only control my life. I don't expect the world or even loved ones to change what they enjoy or don't enjoy...I will always have the presence of booze in and out of my home. Sometimes it if will be available when no one will judge me for drinking. So if I'm going to beat this I've got to be strong everywhere including home. 
Thete is no alcohol in my house..Thete never will be ..My S/O understands and respects my feelings about this ..Do you really want to spend the rest of your life feeling uncomfortable in your own home ?.In your safe space ?.That's a big deal breaker for me ..I would either cancel that bbq or just not be there ..It is unfair and disrespectful ..Please  don't marry someone or live with someone who does not support you in this 100 % ..It is a recipe for disaster ..My opinion may be a little harsh but  We have to protect ourselves and each other . You are worth the respect ....besides if alcohol is really not such a big deal to your S/O then why is alcohol such a big deal to your S/O ????.If you were allergic to peanuts would it be a different story ? Yah  I bet it would ..IWNDWYT !!!! Best of luck in your decision  !
I keep a booze free house and my wife who likes the odd glass of wine fully supports me. In exchange on the rare occasion that we have people over for dinner I don\`t object to her or them having a glass of wine. She compromises for me every night of the year and I am happy to compromise for her on the odd occasion.
Personally I keep an alcohol free home.  My spouse is onboard with it and very rarely drinks...Have you considered taking him to an open AA meeting? Or having him go to Alanon?  Maybe he just doesn't understand the gravity of the problem.  Maybe.  Like it or not recovering alcoholic is a part of who you are....If he does move in suggest maybe a separate fridge (a small one) maybe in the garage for his booze.  No way you should have to move wine/beer to get to orange juice.  ..Serving wine at dinner?  Insensitive to say the least.  
How did it go Charisma? Thinking of you! IWNDWYT 
