-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9pyijj/a_few_things_i_feel_compelled_to_share/

I feel safe posting my stuff in here since everyone is so supportive and does not judge. I will try to be short...1. AA is not for me however I have an old friend from AA from when I lived in another city. She suggested I move to find better AA mtgs but I love the small town I live in now. I am on day 2 of sobriety.  She is one of my only friends and I don't want to lose her friendship. My relationship with bf was at an all time low when I spoke to her 6 months ago but since then it has improved greatly. She thinks I should leave him. I want things to work out with him...we r going to be 7 years together soon.  I need help with perspective on this...2. I relapsed 2 days ago and called a cab so I could go fight with bf.  Cab company told me I was hating on my bf on my phone the last 3 times I used their cab and also told one driver he was taking the wrong street. Plus I was drunk in the cab and so on.......I feel totally ashamed and that I am a POS. Called and apologized to cab company but still feel shame and guilt...3. I hit the reset button on friends some years back....just had too...long time coming.  Have not had much luck making new friends yet but have thought about joining a book club. Do online friends count?  Would be nice if I could count u guys as friends even though it is online.  Would I be the only one doing that? I feel pathetic...4. I got a DWI 6 months ago. Maybe nobody will want to be friends with me cause of that...it is a small town...Sorry this is so long and thanks for any support or tips....
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to hear that you dont connect with the AA-meetings you've been to. For me they dont always feel like it gives me something but majority of the time at least I got somekind of insight/tip or just being able to reflect and share. I dont always like it but I do know that without them Ill most likely start to drink again. I need the reminder of how bad it was where I dont want to end up and what to keep my focus on how to get better. ..With the other stuff sounds like you have things to figure out. Easier after being sober a while put that as your first priority and act to benefit you being sober. I will not drink with you. 
Im on day 3 and just got through my 3pm wave of urges. I will not drink with you today. One thing that stood out for me in your post was "we've been together 7 years" with your bf. Everyone changes after 7 years and in relationships you have to work on falling in love again with a new person over and over. So be mindful of whether you want to work through being accepting of each other as you both change vs. Trying to make it work based on the fact you have been doing it for so long. A lot of people have a hard time at the 5 - 10 year mark because they grow apart as they morph into different people. Stay together because you still fiercely love not because it's scary to leave. 
Thanks so much for ur post. I agree with u 100 percent...we were just talking but that today. How we r both deeply in love and not trying to make it to some yearly goal...He does not drink...he quit awhile back and has no urges or cravings. I am a reserved person in general....sometimes he pushes my buttons intentionally or not and my emotions get the best of me. I am working on it in therapy and in here and everyday. I get what feels like a large wave of emotions and literally can't see thru it.  If I wait it out an hour or so it goes away...if I don't wait it out then I can say things I regret and I don't like that. I don't have a past history of this but then it's been years since I had been in a relationship. I really hope to overcome these flaws.  ..Had it all under control then I relapsed and poof!  ..Thanks for your response and help...I really appreciate it ( :
Alcohol never gave me the freedom of being who I wanted to be or allow me to be rational in my relationships. Especially with my now ex husband. The only time I can look at a relationship clearly is when Im sober. I feel its only fair to the other person involved. Some things in the clear light of day are meant to be and some arent I personally believe I owe it to myself to look for happiness when I am sober 
Great perspective thanks so much!!
You always have a friend and ear here if you need it.  Take care
Of course online friends count! I feel you; I'm not just in a small town but I'm on an acreage outside of a small town! There are only about 600 people here so everyone knows everyone and everything about them. We only moved here six years ago so I'm still an outsider and I really don't want my first entrance into  society  to be at an AA meeting. Luckily there is a city relatively close by if I wanted to go. So far I haven't needed to but I have a few very supportive friends and family members that I keep in touch with and that's been enough for me. But my best friends almost all started as online friends back when I first had kids and joined online  mommy  groups. Now even though we live far apart we get together a few times a year and they are some of the most  real  people in my life...That said I think face to face socialization is really important. Joining a book club or a painting class or volunteering somewhere would be a great way to do that. Small town museums are almost always looking for volunteers or care homes schools etc...If talking about your BF with your AA friend is causing conflict maybe just try avoiding the topic until you know what you want to do. If you and your BF are both sober and working towards staying together I'm sure you can do it. You friend needs to be supportive of your choice but understand that she probably just wants what is best for you and if you've told her a bunch of stuff about when your relationship was in a bad place she might have a very different idea of what your relationship is like than it actually is...But I agree with the other posters that your first goal needs to be sobriety. It's great that you are in therapy and are working through some of your emotional and communications struggles. If you keep doing that and keep not drinking a lot of other things will fall into place for you...Best of luck and happy to be an online friend if you need one. IWNDWYT!
I've found that my online community here has given me strength and the ability to talk about things that have been very important to me as a huge focus of my sobriety so far.  I would not have been able to get this kind of interaction anywhere else it's been a sanctuary of sober healing.  Then I'll be released out into the wild!  With the skills I've learned!  It's good to have friends here.  IWNDWYT 
Hi! Welcome! IWNTWYT  X PS great user name!   
