-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9q1uls/accountability_thread_quick_question/

Sorry a bit of an admin question but.....I really like posting on the accountability thread by drunk_catholic each day as it focuses me but I'm struggling to always find it...Is there a way to search for it? I have tried a few things but no luck usually I just stumble across it by accident.  I am on my smartphone..Thanks and IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

On the sidebar look for Check-in link
Daily check in - I am religious about it! It is usually at top of front page of stop drinking but if it is a little early may not have made it up there yet - so you can do a couple of things: click on the link at very top of page - it says - looking for daily check in - check here. OR you can wait as the weekly person who hosts may not have posted yet. It is a revolving job that can be done for a week by anyone with over 30 days sober. I highly recommend it! ..If the posting is not up yet you can certainly post your own for accountability. I have done this a few times. Like I said I am religious about that darn check in!! Welcome to our little corner of the world by the way glad you came!
I am sorta thinking that it depends on which version of this sub that you are using as to where the auto links are to get you to the check-in. I use the old version &amp; the link is in the right side bar. If it is not on the first page (HOT) then I usually check the next column (labled new) and it usually is there. As the check-in is done by a real person it varies a bit from day to day. I am sure you will get the hang of it. I did and I am a total computer idiot!!!  Peace
I use my iPhone app.  So if I wait until the morning to look for the daily check-in I can set my posts to HOT and it will come up (because it has so many comments so it comes up there right at the top).  If I want to find the daily check-in early because it goes up at varying times depending on the personal schedule and time zone of that weeks' volunteer I have to look for it the old-fashioned way I set my posts to NEW and I scroll through starting at around 10 pm my time hoping to catch it.  That's if I'm awake.. 
Thanks everyone for replying I can see there's a couple of things I'm not doing so I will try them tomorrow. Thank you for your help I didn't drink today and I'm certainly not going to touch the filthy stuff tomorrow either  
I am on iPhone also and have no sidebar. I have to search and search for it some days and then sometimes it is right there.  If I'm in a hurry I just post a nice comment on somebody's post just to see my new number!! Seeing the new number is big motivation for me.
