-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9q6jri/a_weekend_of_small_successes/

Hi all..I just wanted to share something I'm proud of. This weekend I went back to school to visit some old friends and while I was there for 4 days I only had three beers. That may not seem like a lot and I'm still working on stopping entirely i've found that practicing limiting myself has bee a hugely important first step. ..&amp;#x200B;..School for me had been four years of drunken nights sickly mornings and blackouts that got re-told over and over. I knew I was drinking too much but I couldn't seem to stop. Last years as graduation approached I had a dinner party that was a group of friends I really cared about and thought I'd shared many great evenings and stories with. As we sat and chatted it slowly dawned on me that every single story they told and every comic anecdote I had been drunk. And not like happy go lucky drunk embarrassing self-injurious. The way these people I really thought knew me thought of me as a joke a friendly irresponsible goof. And I was hurt by that because I really thought they saw me as more. I was an accomplished student a hard worker a devoted friend and they really thought about me primarily as a drunk. So this summer after moving back to my hometown starting work and starting out on this new stage of my life I've put a lot of effort into making changes to my drinking. I stopped buying alcohol to have at home I get coke instead of beer at dinner I got to therapy I'm really trying to make a change...&amp;#x200B;..And returning to school surrounded by all these same people and having alcohol all around me all weekend long I did it. I had two beers with a friend while we talked and bonded and I didn't get drunk. I had a cider with pizza late at night and immediately thought about getting another to chug before the cab came. But I didn't. I said "Sorry that's the alcoholic brain talking" and I smoked a cigarette instead. I sat at a table literally covered in fifths and discovered I still love my few close friends and hanging out with them sober. I talked with my best friend about the loneliness of moving away and the struggle to meet new people and working a shitty starter job and we decided to call each other more instead of drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..Its' such a small step but I felt super human. Good luck to you all today this community has been so helpful to me. IWNDWYT..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

