-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qb9mg/one_year/

A year ago I woke up in a new house got ready to go to my new job looked at myself in the mirror and said YOU CAN CHANGE. I had been trying to stop drinking for ~2 years and I had changed my life to make it happen. Amazingly it worked. Today I am a year sober. ..However it's been a really challenging and depressing year. After a glorious pink cloud phase I got really depressed. I thought it was a PAWS phase but it kept going on and on. Lots fed into it: I was struggling with my training. I was facing hard truths in therapy. Eating too much sugar. Winter was brutal. I had a falling out with friends. Again  and again I came face to face with all the problems I had been drinking to forget. I withdrew socially as I struggled to figure out how to change things. I desperately want to change but I feel so stuck so tired and like... there is too much work to do??..Today I'm on antidepressants and trying to get better but my emotions are still up and down on a day to day basis. I write this in case it resonates!! I love this sub (thank you everyone!!) but often can't identify with all the positive posts bc my experience has been different...One great thing is that I don't want to drink. I know I can't go back and I don't want to. Numbing out won't help me move forward. I don't know what will but I'm determined that the sober path is the right one. ..IWNDWYT. Thanks for reading &lt;3
----------immediate responses--------

Well Done on making it a year that's fantastic. :).I'm sorry to hear you're struggling with things - but I'm sure that you'll get there even if it takes time...Stay strong :) IWNDWYT!
This definitely resonates for me. Thanks for posting. That's fantastic you've made it a year in the face of all that. Iwndwyt   
Brother it fucking resonates. I went through the same thing for about 14 months since I quite after heavy alcohol abuse. I'm gonna be three years sober in December and life has gotten incrementally better as I learned how to deal with things all over again.   ...It sounds like you're doing well. Stay in the light. IWNDWYT.
Well done!
Yes this is a tough path. I'm still waiting for the freakin unicorns and rainbows. But waking up without a hangover is good enough for now. I hope your antidepressents will help you feel better. I find exercise helps and making time to do things with friends that don't involve booze. I'm really glad you posted your thoughts. IWNDWYT
So many congrats :)
Thanks for sharing your story.  I'm only six weeks in but feeling and dealing with many of the same issues as you.  The part about  only waking up without a hangover  being good enough is the gas that I'm burning on at the moment.   It's good to know that things do get a little better even if the improvement is only in the margin. Keep up the good work and keep plugging along. 
Definitely resonates with me and thank u for sharing your story. Really inspires me that u have gone thru all of these tough things and not drank. I am going to think about ur story today as  inspiration and IWDWYT
And congrats on ur awesome year!!
Brilliant well done.  True determination.  An inspiration!    
Yeah man it resonates. I just wrote my soul out in another post here to celebrate my round number ... but i used ten times the words compared to you lol...Congratulations. stay strong keep fighting it will become better.
This is the post I needed today. Today has been stressful yesterday was stressful basically every day I feel at the very edge of what I can handle. I also feel guilt I feel stupid foolish and like I'm always making mistakes. I feel like I have so many things I'd like to take care of but I'm overwhelmed and struggling. And then those things don't even seem very remarkable and I wonder how I struggle when other people have much heavier burdens. ..You mentioned PAWS. I read an article on it and it reminded me that I'm still adjusting. I had. Like you mentioned a pink cloud phase that lasted a few weeks or so; maybe just the first of many. Maybe that explains the anger and cynicism. ..Anyway my mind is kind of all over the place and nowhere. My point was just that I think your post will keep me from drinking this week. I'm not totally sure because I do feel like my self-control and willpower are low lately and my positivity is failing... I'll try to keep in mind that maybe it's part of the healing process and that there are a lot of other people out there struggling and still fighting to stay sober...I WILL NOT DRINK TODAY. 
