-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qga1a/anyone_else_feel_they_are_stuggling_with_an_alter/

Let me introduce the real me the person I am 95% of the time:   A down to earth friendly guy who is easy to please. I enjoy green tea sparkling water videogames and walking in parks and the beach. I enjoy going to museums following the news and just living a normal clean life. I am interested in a romantic relationship with one woman. I like swimming and nature and traveling. Your grandmother would probably call me a charming young man...Now here is my alter ego. He comes out less often than before so I have definitely made some progress but I feel my life is a constant struggle to keep my alter ego locked away:..Binge drinking wants to go to a night club not a museum is only interested in women's boobs and thongs not an actual mature relationship has a "just fuck it" mentality when it comes to making a healthy logical decision will eat junk food and drink till I pass out. ..In other words I am a down to earth homely man 95% of the time but 5% of the time I become like some frat boy who is only after getting shitfaced drunk and having random meaningless sex and eating total junk food.  ..How can I keep that alter ego locked away for good is the question!  (5% sounds low but the effects and consequences and damage of the alter ego can last a long time. You can't unsend a drunken text)
----------immediate responses--------

Yeah I know that dual mind feeling.  There are lots of names for it like the lower brain the lizard brain the voice of addiction etc.  Some people give theirs a name to help separate them from their bad thoughts.  I think those are all ways to get into the idea that we are more than just our bad thoughts and that we don't have to act on a thought just because we had it.  
I don't know how I feel about the concept of alter egos--I guess I believe in fragmentation and re-unification. When you describe the 5% part of you there is color and texture and sound. For the 95% you listed what you liked but what do you love? What strange passions are you made of and what do you care about and why? 
[removed]
&gt;How can I keep that alter ego locked away for good is the question!..Well if you're posting here I think you already know the answer...quit drinking! If your demon side only comes out when drinking or gets worse with alcohol and you want to avoid that well.....I found reading *This Naked Mind* really useful.
I'm not a therapist so take this with a grain of salt but what you are describing sounds like the 'shadow self' that represents our repressed darker side and impulses that are not in our best interests. I've heard you need to work on integrating these aspects of yourself in healthy ways or at least understand what they represent and why they manifest themselves. Alcohol just removes the inhibition that keeps these socially unacceptable aspects of ourselves in check. Until you can figure out what this aspect of yourself represents and needs maybe just try avoid drinking for the time being?
Hi. I supported my Mr. Hyde coming out for over 8 years. It's been over 2 years now trying to get rid of him. My Mr. Hyde has been supported because even as Dr. Jekyll I have a part of me that a cynic deeply analytical and also deeply self-destructive. And it's not like my cynicism or analysis are off base. There's two sides of every coin. Life is hard and it's easy. It's not worth living and it is. 
