-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qhhy2/relapse_after_over_a_year/

I am currently homeless and married. We have a camp with a tent outside of town that we walk to and from 3 miles everyday. Over the past 2 years I found myself in jail for \~8 months and am currently on Felony probation for domestic violence. The situation is pretty complicated but the charges were caused by a combination of codependent drinking and unchecked mental issues with both of us. Neither of us are from this state and neither family is willing/able to help. While I was in jail the last time(5 months probation violation for a DIP) she checked herself into a live-in Rehab facility and I did my best to seek medical help for extreme anxiety(panic attacks resulting in loss of consciousness) and depression. The medical staff at the jail was very sub-par(go figure) and just put me on SSRIs and basically that I needed to just "adjust to jail" better. ..When I left jail the wife was still in the rehab. There was a mandatory order of protection still in place so we had no contact. I was seeing doctors about the loss of consciousness to check if they were actually seizures. Wife found out about it and left the rehab. We took measures to get the order of protection lifted and have been doing our best to try to get off the streets. I am taking anger management to try to keep my anger in check. I stayed completely sober for over a year and have been trying to encourage her to do the same. Considering we were heavy daily drinkers she has definitely made progress by not drinking every single day but the times she drinks have been very frustrating- hospital visits blacking out combative etc. ..While being sober I have been smelling alcohol on occasion and she of course denied it everytime. It didn't stop there. The lies have become so elaborate to try to convince me she isn't drinking even when I see her in the gas station buying booze and knowing she is slamming it in the bathroom. I try not to take the lying personal because I'm aware of the nature of the beast...The smell of alcohol seeing her intoxicated and the frustration with dealing with the lies finally made me cave-in. It was a pint of liquor and beer. I put myself at a crazy risk considering my legal situation. I know I will never get off the streets if I don't stay sober. I don't blame her for my relapse because I am responsible for my own actions. I'm not sure why I'm posting here. I'm tired. I'm beaten down. I feel alone. I guess I'm reaching out into the void for support advice direction I don't know...  ...I am a drunk.  .When I drink I am toxic and dangerous.  .I have very little but if I drink I will ruin my life and lose everything.  .Today I am sober.   .I can only hope tomorrow will be another sober day  .but for now Today I am sober.
----------immediate responses--------

Hang in there IWNDWYT! I know how it is. I lived in a tent for a year or so behind a dollar store in the briars. I was drunk blacking out and even had cops find me through all those thorns (boy was he pissed :D) I feel your pain. I've only been on the other end of the spectrum being the drunk and it is the nature of the beast. I realize all the chaos and frustration I have caused. The only thing I can do about it is not drink today. Alcohol is poison to our bodies IMO. Thanks for posting I can relate.
I'm sorry to hear things are rough it's admirable to not pick up the bottle today...Have you checked out /r/alanon too for support regarding your wife?
.&gt;I'm not sure why I'm posting here. I'm tired. I'm beaten down. I feel alone. I guess I'm reaching out into the void for support advice direction I don't know... ..Have you tried meetings? If you haven't - give it a shot. If you have- maybe try again. You've nothing to lose except maybe an hour of your time. .But in my experience I found support  advice direction and a *foundation* I'd never known through reaching into the void and finding AA..I 
So sorry friend. Life is so dumb sometimes. I only know that we can't do it by ourselves. I hope you'll find a meeting a therapist a good doctor and any other supports to keep you on the straight and narrow. Keep coming back here as much as possible. You have a lot of people rooting for you here 
Wow. What a tough place to be in. I feel for you man. Like others here I recommend finding a recovery community and soon. If AA isn't your thing perhaps Rescue Recovery? It's rooted in Buddhism but perhaps the people in the group would be more open minded? You can google it and it shows where meetings are held in each state. Good luck! Keep us updated.
Don't worry about the downvotes. 1 year is incredible you sound like you have a ton of will. I won't drink w you tonight.
Ah man sorry about the homelessness.  There is SMART recovery that doesn't have a religious tone and they have online mtgs chat etc. You might be able to do the whole recovery thing online like so many others are doing...Get all the outside help u can too! I wish u the very best of luck. Peace...
I'm so sorry for your situation. The downvotes are because it's against sub rules to post drunk (because it's a hazard to others and the health of the sub). Forgive yourself and try again tomorrow. Don't give up. Live to see the change happen. 
I'm so sorry for your situation. The downvotes are because it's against sub rules to post drunk (because it's a hazard to others and the health of the sub). Forgive yourself and try again tomorrow. Don't give up. Live to see the change happen. 
I'm sending my support to say that i do believe people can turn their life around and your year is precious amazing and can't be taken away. Yes your having shame now but don't let it be toxic. I am getting back from relapse and i lost my wife (and dog damn it) because of it. But here we are. ..Stay fed and connected and let me know what happens next?!! 
