-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qo0f0/personality_type_and_sobriety_success/

I am a perfectionist. I am a type-A over-achieving narcissistic self-righteous successful person. In fact I am pretty damn good at consuming inordinate amounts of alcohol...So far (and it hasn't really been that long day 13 is today) I've got this sobriety thing down. I haven't made a mistake...My fear is that I'm going to relapse. And when (if) I do knowing my personality type and knowing how much I hate to fail I'm afraid I'll give up entirely and (potentially) drink more than I ever did before...To be honest when I read others' stories on here about messing up my inclination is to be judgmental:  They blew it. I'm better at this than they are.  And I marvel at the positive comments encouraging them to keep going saying  relapse is a part of sobriety. ..Relapse is a part of sobriety. This concept is so difficult for me to understand. But I hope I can embrace this truth this wisdom before my own likely (inevitable?) relapse...
----------immediate responses--------

Relapse is not a requirement for sobriety but rather is optional...I had a character attribute of control and perfection.  It didn't serve me well.  I traded it for being conscious.  I'm more effective and happier.  ..Looking forward to hearing more about your journey.
I'm a former perfectionist. Though I still cling to being an over-achiever. Which is probably why I was such a great binge drinker -- when I was in I was ALLLLLLLL the way in. Anyway I slipped on day 21. It actually strengthened my resolve to stay sober. I hated the feeling of failure and have not been tempted since. I don't know if it'll stay that way. But I take it one day at a time. Best wishes to you.
Some relapse more than others. It does happen. Either way it's nothing to be ashamed of or anything. I tried over and over for 2 years. One reason I haven't in a while is because I learned my own patterns and when I start feeling low and distance myself from StopDrinking that's when I relapse. So I had to learn new tools to manage feelings in order for them to benefit me and keep me out of the bottle. ..You don't just wake up one day and can play a musical instrument perfectly for the first time. You gotta practice. It takes patience. You can totally do it...I will not drink with you today 
I read one analogy that said did you run your first  5k without stopping? It took practice to run miles without stopping. Same logic applies here. For me anyway. Stick with it. It's   worth it. 
I'm very much not a type a and maybe that helped? I have messed up in so many areas but I've also been given so much grace and luck. I know I'm not alone in this universe and it's not all up to me to carry this burden alone. I am not sure how I haven't relapsed at 13 months but all I know is every day I feel gratitude for whoever or whatever is holding me safe. 
Personally I don't view personality types in terms of a 'perfectionist' or a 'success'. Those terms are entirely relative. One man's success is another's failure. No one is going to be viewed as a 'success' to all people. A more accurate characterization that proves to have more explanatory potency would be an *extremist;* and a *strong-willed person.* ..When you were drinking copious amounts of alcohol you perceived yourself as *good at it.* A *success* in your mind no doubt*.* Now that the shoe is on the other foot you perceive it as compete failure. What changed? The perception of those around you didn't change. The world around you didn't change. Your personal values changed and the metric by which you determine your relative success changed. Relative only to your current perception and what is currently deemed of value to *you*. ..You'll find that many in your current company possess a strong will and extreme disposition. The common notion of a drunk as someone who is an intellectual popper incapable of exercising any self control is a shallow and petty assessment. Drinking heavily for years even decades on end requires a certain stubbornness and tenacity. It's the very same constitution that when expressed in other more constructive facets is capable of accomplishing the unordinary. What drove many of us to drink is that very same determined and driven disposition which is often regarded as a key component to the 'successful' person. ..&gt;Relapse is a part of sobriety. This concept is so difficult for me to understand. ..Nothings written in stone. Relapse doesn't *have* to be a part of sobriety out of necessity. But if it does happen it doesn't make you a "failure". It makes you human. Personally I don't view "sobriety" as some olympic feat which is a reflection of my personal caliber as a success or failure. I chose to go dry because I developed a very rigid extreme and unhealthy relationship with alcohol. I want to change the quality of my life. If I were to be entirely transfixed on The Sauce now that I've given it up I wouldn't be achieving that goal. ..&amp;#x200B;
Check out the episodes about perfectionism on The Bubble Hour podcast. .I am a total perfectionist and it is my Achilles heel for food and alcohol ... It's taking lots of work and introspection to realise that it is harmful not helpful. Still on that long road 
Hang in there bro. Type A here too so had to learn humility. This is a cunning baffling powerful ego driven progressive disease. It will fuck you every which way to Texas if you let it. Chinese proverb 'Man takes drink drink takes drink drink takes man'. Think about that one.
I don't think I'm type A but I went ahead and used all my overzealousness for this because I knew I'd need it. I keep the knowledge of my rebirth close and hot all the time. I covet my healing like the possession of the sacred. I'm not better at it--maybe I'm worse at loving and forgiving myself. It doesn't matter to me. ..I don't say I won't relapse but not because I think I will. I just know glibness is dangerous. I study this endeavor like its my job and I know the journey is young. I only want healing not stasis not normal. That only leaves one option: keep going.
