-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qscc5/relapsed_after_9_days/

I went on vacation and I relapsed. Big time. Drank for 12 straight hours. I'm on day number 3 of my hangover. My anxiety is off the charts and its been relentless for the past 3 days. I'm going to see my psych today to get some anti anxiety meds. Going to give AA a try...again. Reached out to an old AA friend. Going to meet with her tonight. I'm clearly not able to do this without some more outside help. Ughhhh why did I do this again? It's such a cycle for me. I get some sobriety behind me whether it be a year  a month a week whatever and then I go back out. I truly can not handle the hangovers or the anxiety. The anxiety surfaces no matter how much I drink. It's unbearable. I'm resetting my badge and starting over. I'm not going up and I wont ever give up. I just need more help. And that's what I'm actively doing getting more help. Friends if you're thinking about going back out there even for 1 day don't do it. It's not worth it. It wasn't as much fun as I had it in my mind that it would be.  I'm sorry I failed...again.
----------immediate responses--------

You relapsed but you came right back! Not a failure. Relapsing is common. I lost count of how many I did. I didn't make it more than 26 days before this time around but each time I learned something new and added more supports to my tool box. I will not drink with you today. 
It's a huge undertaking - of course we need help! ..I am in therapy every other week and it has been invaluable. I love having that touchstone and place to come and check in. I use it to help me plan difficult situations and to go over successes (or not quite successes.) ..I like to think of having a diversified toolbox of recovery solutions so that we have lots to choose from. ..Welcome back! 
Welcome back. I really think you are going about this the best way one can. I commend you. When I relapse it usually takes me months or years to try to quit again. I see you are getting help. That was crucial for me. I've gone to AA regularly and this is the longest I've been sober. It really helps. I wish you the best friend. Keep moving forward!!!
