-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qu1al/stopped_yesterday_after_an_er_visit/

So... I am a 27 year old. I wasn't always drinking every day but when I stopped I would get restless and couldn't sleep. I had quit for 2 weeks on my own in order to start the new semester at school but then I started drinking again after a stressful event. I failed my class this semester which I blame mostly on my alcohol use. I started not knowing what was real and what was a dream...Two days ago I drank very heavily to the point of throwing up and sending weird texts e-mails and snapchat messages to friends family and my instructors. I wish I could take those back. I ended up throwing up every sip of beer I could take. I layed in bed all night awake considering the thought of killing myself...That scared the hell out of me. The next morning my mom called me and said the night before I was barely coherent and couldn't keep a train of thought. She told me to check myself into the hospital...I went to the ER and when I got there I was trembling. They diagnosed me with alcohol abuse and alcohol-induced psychosis with complications.  They gave me IV fluids and Ativan and asked if I want to be voluntarily committed. As I wasn't currently suicidal I said no. ..Since then I haven't had any desire to touch a drop of alcohol. I know it's only been two days and the last time I tried after two weeks I relapsed. This time I made an appointment with my school counselor who said he has resources for alcohol abuse. ..I'm still pretty restless sleeping is difficult and my heart rate was 115 this morning. But I haven't noticed any tremors and I didn't throw up today. I'm already starting to feel better.
----------immediate responses--------

One small step at a time... riding bike or just visiting your local park is very refreshing.
AA saved my life. The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. ..I wish I had found out about AA when I flunked out of college at the ripe old age of 17. You have no idea how bad I wish for that. Instead I had to take 9 more years to get my degree and 10 more after that to finally hit the bottom. ..You don't have to wait.  IWNDWYT 
 So glad you're starting to feel better.  And I'm glad your mom gave you that advice and that you took it. That was a good idea to involve your school counselor too in your recovery plan. Day 6 here. IWNDWYT
It took me a very long time to lay blame (on my addiction to alcohol) for a lot of immediate problems I was facing on a daily and long term basis. If you are going through similar thoughts you have made a potentially life changing decision by coming to SD. Welcome! ..I hope you stay the course. At your age you have a better chance of bouncing back if you choose sobriety. The folks at SD are the most welcoming and supportive group I have known. Taking it day by day is something that has helped me and I hope it helps you as well. For today I will not drink with you. 
