-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qwms1/do_they_miss_me_at_the_corner_store_do_they/

Apart from one relapsed evening a few days ago I've been sober a total of 49 days since 9/1.  Just realized it's getting close to store-closing time. The old me would be driving to the store rushing to get there before midnight. I was a daily customer at a certain store picking up a nightly bottle.   The cashiers knew me and some would make comments.  Selling a bottle of wine to me every night made them uncomfortable I think.  Or maybe it was my imagination maybe I was the uncomfortable one.  I tried not to make eye contact because then it would be that thing you know. Here I am buying another bottle of wine from you at 10 minutes before midnight just like I did yesterday and the day before and the day before for the last few years.  Sometimes I wondered what they thought about that.  *Did you drink that all by yourself?*  They would sometimes try to make polite conversation out of it like ask me what kind of wine is good to go with dinner as if I must be some kind of wine expert.  I hated it when they would say  *oh hi it's you again* even though they meant it in a friendly way. Or one time a cashier joked she should have my rewards ID memorized by now since I told her the same number every night.  I just wanted to die.  It was true though...So I haven't been back to that store since I started Sober September and continued into Sober October.  Do they notice? Do they ask *What ever happened to the one who was here every night in a row for the same bottle or two of wine always in the evening or minutes before closing. Haven't seen that face in a while.*  When the weary cashiers were getting ready to drive home and go to bed but I was rushing into the door before they locked it for the night buying a bottle getting ready to open it.  Do they assume I got in a car accident or moved away?  Are they secretly happy do they think *she's beating her addiction she's fighting it and every day we don't see her here we should smile*  
----------immediate responses--------

Congrats. 
Was just thinking the same thing on my drive home past the Ye Olde Bottle Shoppe tonight...Craned my neck to see if there was a sale banner for Modelo in the window. I have visions of dusty cases strapped to towering pallets crowding the stock room like a clogged artery this month...Surely they are people too but what they miss are those little magnetic strips in my wallet and in yours...I Will Not Beat The Brown Bag Clock With You Today
I can so relate to this! Been in a very similar situation myself on both sides of the fence. In my experience: .Yes they probably noticed. .Yes they were friendly and probably concerned. .Yes they talked about it but probably not for over a minute before they went about doing something else..Yes they most likely noticed your lack of eye contact and spoke about it to each other as well. If you were to bump into any of them at another grocery store in a few months they may say hello or just silently recognize you. They may notice you looking better having clear eyes and a spring in your step and deep down feel good for you. Such is human life...Regardless of all that here you are today. Fighting a battle day by day step by painful step. Overcoming personal demons challenges and effortlessly being a badass in the process. I'm sure it is SD's gain seeing you here instead of at the store...I ponder the same thoughts as you did and found solace in not returning to the store for a couple of months. Hope you get to part with those memories as well.
I gave up and my two favourite bars closed down. That was a bit worrying!
We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it page 83 in the BB. So an interesting post OP... ..When I got sober I didn't really think about going back into the grocery store where I bought my daily juice. They knew when I was on a bender as I didn't shave tried to cover with mints and a little cologne etc. I walked the 100 yards usually in the morning or afternoon sometimes around closing time. Even was refused sale a couple of times as one woman took it personally (against company policy) even though I was in a buzz state and not a staggering drunk. I just had to walk a couple of extra blocks for the sauce and I told her that in front of others. We drinkers can be stubborn and vocal in such situations...Play the tape forward the employees are still mostly there. That woman still checks my grocery basket so I will ask questions whether I need an ID to buy a quart of olive oil or sonething else. A couple of the workers talk with me a bit about past drinking days as one even offered to listen with his wife. I think back and even today if they were somehow traumatized by alcohol in the past; perhaps a loved one swept up by the addiction a friend down the rabbit hole a casualty to a drunk driver...what was driving this behavior to this date? They all knew I lived right behind the store so I wasn't driving or stumbling on my walk. Are they too clingy judgemental uneducated about AUD...? They aren't my real friends. The cashiers today at the grocery store whom I really relate to are those who can tell stories and jokes and we go back decades so we could make each other laugh when I was both drunk and sober. Heck they even share their drink stories. I latched onto those people better because they knew eventually I was going to drop the alcohol habit. And I did! I guess they all just wanted me to be safe...There is alot of misunderstanding about those suffering from AUD. Those without the addiction typically make faulty assumptions and don't read up about How it Works. You can drag them in front of an Al Anon meeting but you can force them to go in and listen...Here's to the 49 days. Keep up the great work. The new sober life is amazing and you will be happy with Serenity.
I wonder the same thing about the two stores I bounced back and forth to so neither knew the extent of my problem.
I ran into the liquor store a month ago to grab some cigarettes after not being in there for about 5 months or so. The lady and the guy working there lit up with smiles.  Hey how are you?! We haven't seen you in so long!  And then reached for my normal pints of shitty vodka and whiskey. I smiled politely declined the liquor and went on my way. I didn't realize how popular I had become at the liquor store!
In my experience the cashiers are happy for you.  The ones I know hated seeing people hurt themselves.  Now the owner of the shop probably misses you.  We are their best customers keeping them in business.
I wonder this sometimes myself. I had three or four (when I needed it) stores that I used to be a regular at and was on a rotation so that they only saw me every third day so it didn't appear I was in there every day. A few years that went on and then (possibly from their perspective) I just stopped going. Do they know I'm gone? Do they wonder what happened to me? Each time I went into one of the stores they'd smile and light up and recognize me and strike up a conversation. I now look at it with shame and realize "geez if they recognize me this well I must have not realized the extent of my addiction" which I realize now. Do they now think I'm in rehab or that I've died? Either way even though they're nice people I hope to never see them again!
They probably think you're dead. As sad as that sounds.
