-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9qzc7d/day_3_and_realizing_the_er_experience_i_had_on/

I posted about going to the ER with full body tremors confusion high pulse and BP chest pressure like I couldn't take a full breath. It went on for hours. I went to the ER and said alcohol withdrawal but my husband said panic attack. I said I'd had alcohol withdrawal and was hospitalized before but they treated me like I was just another anxiety attack. When I arrived at the hospital shaking uncontrollably saying I was afraid I was going to have a seizure a group of drs and nurses stood around me and said do you see how no one's doing anything it's because you're fine. My symptoms continued for hours. They took a long time to get my Ativan which still only reduced my pulse to 105. Did an ekg which they said turned out abnormal bc I was so anxious. No one would check my lung function. The man next to me was detoxing. He got to speak with a counselor and got Librium right away. Meanwhile another dr looked down on me while I was convulsing and said there's nothing we can do if you have a seizure. But that's why they give you meds?! I was sent home told you won't have withdrawals had to ask for a prescription of Librium and was given no support or instruction on how to detox on my own. I called my therapist my psychiatrist my PCP desperate for help. Finally I get recommended to see psych who specializes in detox. I was on a too small dose of Librium heading into almost 48 hours since last drink last night when I finally saw him. He was furious. Looked at my test results from ER and heard. my symptoms and said you could have died. This is malpractice and extreme negligence. He said I'm trying to save your life right now and prescribed the proper dosages of Valium plus the Librium and I bought a blood pressure monitor and am supposed to be checking in. He also gave me Antabuse for after the detox. He was very sympathetic and caring which is what I needed. His office was filled with art made by people who had beaten their addictions. I'm an artist and want to give him something when this is over and I'm sober for real. He said once you've been through withdrawal you can never drink again and we've got to get to the root causes of your trauma and anxiety and treat them correctly. Meanwhile I'm so angry with thatER. He suggested I get a lawyer to write a letter. I felt like I was going to lose consciousness and die that morning and was doing everything I could to stay awake. No one cared. I told my husband I loved him thinking this was it as I struggled to take breaths. Turns out this was because my oxygen was really low in my lungs. They said your bloodwork is normal. It was not. I'm angry. But relieved to be on day 3 and happy that will never happen again. Please help me get through and be sober for good. When I'm out of the woods I'm going to AA. Thanks for reading. Glad I finally got someone to listen to me and help. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'm 60 hours sober!!!!!!! 
That sounds horrific. Honestly at that point you find the nearest bar and have a couple of shots of something. Rather alive with a setback than on the brink of coma... 
I'm so sorry you went through this and appalled that they treated you this way. Sounds like you have incredible support now. Sending you good vibes for the physical part and strength and love for the emotional one. You can do this!..And definitely write that letter.
What are you complaining about?..The ER physicians were completely correct. You were fine and everything turned out to be ok...The mistake would have been to have admitted you and tied up precious Hospital resources for someone who didn't really need them.
I am so sorry you went through that.  Thank goodness you persisted in getting help...IWNDWYT 
Well done on seeking help good addiction doctors are few and far between but I have had the benefit of both supportive psychs and addiction specialist and with modern tools there is a lot that has helped me and I'm sure can help others. It's not an easy road but it's worth travelling down!
I'm a nurse RN. Find a lawyer and write that letter.  Obtain  all of  your  records from  that visit. What happened to you was unconscionable. Are you saying your husband told the ER staff that you were having a panic attack over your assertions that you were going through withdrawal? If that's the case he did you an enormous disservice and his denial if your condition could have been deadly. I may have mis-interpreted your post. In any event it sounds as though you were treated very shabbily and I am so sorry for that. Sober life is the best life. IWNDWYT?   
What a nightmare.  I'm so relieved to hear that you're almost out of the woods... the good news is you never have to go through that again...You obviously have the strength and drive it takes to do anything you set your mind to so I have no doubt that if you want to be done with drinking you will be...I would still advise you to make damn sure your husband understands what was really going on and how close his denial-diagnosis came to costing you your life... even if you never get that point again you don't want his denial to be an obstacle to your sobriety if that's what you chose...And in addition to AA a lot of people have found just getting a badge doing the daily check and reading/posting here to be very helpful.  Annie Grace's book "This Naked Mind" is also a great tool. ..Congrats on 63 hours and I will join you in not drinking today...
The sidebar of the r/alcoholism subreddit has links to two articles about what it is like to go to your first meeting. Good luck. Keep us posted. IWNDWYT 
What horrendous inhumane experience for you. My heart aches for you as I type this. I'm so glad you are doing better and are alcohol free. I hope the original facility you visited has to answer for their malpractice in the meantime I will not drink with you today.
