-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9r60v5/long_time_lurker_first_time_posting/

I just wanted to share my story. Over a year ago I was diagnosed with diabetes. I had been consuming a 1/5th (750ml) of rum per day for at least 3 years and this was the first time I admitted I had a problem. My liver tests were sky high as well yet I still kept drinking. I was jaundiced (not visibly though). Doc gave me referrals to rehabs. ..I was at a low point. Terrified of going into rehab and explaining it to my parents friends coworkers. I was a chickenshit. I'm sure they all thought I was drinking too much but no idea of how bad I was. I hid it very well. Not an excuse but reality. Depressed and tired of needing booze. Last Thanksgiving I hit a low and decided I was going to sober up or die. I didn't care anymore. I tapered for a week before. Spent the four day weekend feeling kinda shitty but no extreme withdrawal symptoms. No shakes no barfing just some insomnia and mild anxiety...Came out clean. Did well for about five months. Relapsed for a few weeks but not to the same level as before. Did another slow taper and took another four day weekend. Felt great after two days! No kindling. ..Fast forward to last Friday. My blood test results came back. No longer jaundiced only two liver enzymes were slightly elevated almost normal. A1C was 5.4. 90 day average BG was 109. Triglycerides dropped over 100 points to normal. BP was 120/82 from a high of ~160/100. ..I'm done with booze. Another slip and I may not be so lucky. Oddly the obsessive/compulsive tendencies and anxiety issues that drove me to self medicate in the first place turned around and helped me. And I'm not offering advice. If you need help get help. I was passively suicidal. Didn't care if I lived or died. Don't let yourself get to that point. I watched an uncle and an aunt die from cirrhosis. Horrible horrible way to die. I'm in a much better place. My outlook is more positive. Not to mention the money I've saved.
----------immediate responses--------

I'm glad to hear you are doing well! Best wishes to you! IWNDWYT 
.I'm almost one year sober now cause of doing the steps in aa and going to regular meetings. Now I live a great fulfilling life. :)  if u r struggling ever....that was a great learning experience for me. Perhaps it'll help u too...Also a friend of mine with diabetes just started overeaters anonymous meetings. Said it changed their life.
Happy for you bud. I was so ashamed of drinking that I drank to convince myself I was not an alcoholic. Hope your health continues to improve in leaps and bounds and you join us daily in staying sober. IWNDWYT.
Oh I'm exactly like u. Total introvert with occasional social anxiety.  That's why I sat and listened at meetings and didn't mingle to much or share for the first month or two.  I'm still an introvert and keep a small circle of connections....I go to aa to learn.  Hermits can benefit from learning too.  Congrats on a sponsor who can walk u thru the steps and the big book.
Congrats on making progress...You said the OCD/anxiety drove you to drink but then turned around to help you quit (I'm assuming you began getting anxiety over your health due to drinking) I'm curious- how has your anxiety / OCD been since you've stopped drinking?
That's one concern I have with quitting drinking. I'm afraid I'll be up all night. I drink every night. It started out with 1-2 beers but has increased dramatically especially after a car accident we were in last year. Now it's 4-5 sometimes but not often 6 a night. Not always beer sometimes it's whiskey or tequila. .Sadly it makes me feel physically like crap but mentally I feel so much better after I have a drink or two. That's why I keep doing it.  
