-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9rcgku/dont_believe_in_signs_but_it_was_maybe_a_sign/

Interesting day yesterday. I decided to meet a friend at a concert that was sold out. I told him I would be alcohol-free (it's been 3 days my badge isn't accurate I've been on an 25% drinking / 75% dry schedule for a few months intermittent sobriety with occasional lapses struggling with making a long term commitment to permanent sobriety). It was sold out so I bought a ticket on Stub Hub...Then I show up at the venue and it turns out I had purchased a counterfeit ticket and couldn't get in. Many others were in the same boat and there were no scalpers. I commiserated with them a bit. I called and got a refund from Stub Hub but it sucked to get all geared up go downtown in the rain ready myself for a concert without booze and get bounced at the door. And my buddy was stuck in the concert alone...I was very close to saying fuck it and having a drink. I'm right next to a ton of bars alone and I was a victim of a scam that ruined my night.  Who could blame me right?..But I didn't I got back in my car and went home and turned on the TV to learn more about the awful things happening in our body politic...While watching I hear from my dear mother on the phone. She has been in long term alcohol recovery for 20 years.  She just learned she has lung cancer. She's going in for major surgery in two weeks. I'm devastated obviously. But I was present for the moment. I heard this news with a clear mind. I did not receive it through a fog. I was able to offer her real support and love. It was authentic and not clouded with shame...If I had been in the concert she would have gone to voicemail and maybe I wouldn't have picked that up until some time this afternoon. If I had been drinking same thing only I probably would have put off listening to the voicemail for a couple of days...Life called and I was sober and ready for it. That is a blessing. Was it a sign that I'm on the right path? I don't know. It feels weird to somehow make my mother's lung cancer diagnosis about myself so I'm not going to do that. I am just glad I was in the place I was physically chemically and emotionally when that call came...TDLR: Mom has cancer I was glad I was sober and had just passed a minor test of said sobriety when she called to tell me.
----------immediate responses--------

Sober I am more present for life...Sending caring thoughts for your Mom.
Sorry to hear about your Mom's cancer.  I am sure that without alcohol it will be easier to be the best child to her that you can in her time of need and offer the support she deserves.  I'm proud of you SoberTrippin.
I do believe in signs and tests.  They don't have to come "from" some entity in order to be real.  They're just a natural part of being alive.  Paying attention to what comes across your awareness doesn't make it a supernatural act.  It's a sign if it means something to you and obviously it does!  I'm so so sorry to hear about your mother's lung cancer.  But I am also glad that you could truly be there for her and if the only good thing that comes out of it is that your sobriety was reinforced then I'm glad that there was at least that one good thing.  Good luck with everything and I'm sending positivity to you and your mother!
I wish your Mom all the best. IWNDWYT
Wonderful post.  Thank you!  IWNDWYT
Thanks for sharing this. Inspiring read 
"Life called and I was sober and ready for it."- love this SO much...Thinking positive thoughts for your mom IWNDWYT
Much love and I am happy for you... the fact that you were sober when life called is a huge win in my book. Keep on Keeping on!
