-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9renv9/na_beer_i_got_a_buzz_what_now/

I had two NA beers with my pizza to celebrate an accomplishment today. I can tell i got a little buzz from it. Good news is I don't like the feeling and this is the last time I mess with that (now I know). Bad news this last time I ate a cherry soaked in alcohol I got the same feeling and I relapsed the next day...I am going to a meeting after this and marathon meetings tomorrow for a YPAA conference...Any other tips to combat this and stay on track? I'm still sitting here. Getting a headache already. Blah.
----------immediate responses--------

Check out some podcasts to keep your mind in the right place.  [Recovery Elevator](https://soundcloud.com/recovery-elevator) has been my favorite. 
I think every day is a new day and just because you had a similar day that ended one way doesn't mean anything about today...Just be strong my man. You got this. It couldn't be a more minor issue just do your thing and know yourself well enough to keep the line.
I am allergic to alcohol. I do not take any chances with anything that I know has even trace amounts of alcohol. I know there are plenty of things that have small amounts of naturally produced alcohol. I even stick with non alcohol based mouthwash. I never drank the stuff do get drunk but I prefer to avoid anything I know has trace amounts. .
If you're keen to find a comparable but safe alternative I believe there are a number of 0.0% beers that are made in a way that have _never_ contained alcohol. Presumably they're soft drinks made to taste like beer rather than *being* beer with alcohol removed...Probably worth doing a search of this subreddit as there has been some recent discussion on it. IIRC brands coming out of the Netherlands were mentioned.
You might want to research what antabuse users do since that medicine makes them zero tolerant to alcohol also.  ..It might be as simple as no NA beers at all.  A lot of deserts especially "wet" ones have alcohol poured on them or liquid vanilla which has alcohol in it too.  They could be off limits.  Mouthwashes and cough syrups are two other possible no-nos.   
Do you think the buzz was actual physical intoxication or maybe your brain remembering what a buzz felt like and going with that feeling? Unless the cherry you ate was the size of a grapefruit and drenched in vodka I have an extremely hard time fathoming how it could physically intoxicate anyone...I mean you stay on track by staying on track. You aren't off track. There is no track. There is just your brain and your recovery and what you tell yourself. ..Do you really think you relapsed because of a cherry? Or maybe did you tell yourself "welp now I've done it. Might as well have more"? It's a lot easier to keep drinking of you slink your way back to zero days. If you just keep going with your 63 days you might find that you have a different experience this time.  ..If I were in your position i would just keep doing what i'd been doing for the last 63 days. I wouldn't feel like I needed to repent or go to a million meetings. I would probably talk to my therapist about it at our next meeting but other than that I wouldn't make a big deal of it. I think that is where the danger lies. 
[removed]
I once got a mild buzz from drinking kombucha on an empty stomach.  I don't know if it was an old bottle that over fermented or what but I definitely felt that kind of dizzy/nauseous part of a buzz.  I also didn't like the feeling and everything was fine.  It took an annoying long time to go away and luckily I didn't have much going on so I just stayed home and away from temptations.   The next day I was back to my normal routines.  I think as long as you are not in that "fuck it I guess I should just go at it hard now" mentality you should be ok.   Just be cautious and do what you know works for you...It is weird how that hit me but other times I had 2-3 NA beers and never felt a thing.  There are several 0.0% beers out there though I have only seen them at retail stores never at restaurants...&amp;#x200B;
