-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9roa67/glad_to_find_this_place/

Strap in everyone this one's a long one. ..This is the first time I've really reached out to strangers for support. I struggled for a while putting the alcoholic label on myself. After reading other people's stories that sound pretty identical to mine it's pretty obvious to me now. You'd think I'd have realized it sooner though considering more people in my family are alcoholics than not. My memory has started to deteriorate. My brother in law used to call me the walking dictionary because I'd throw big words around. Now I'm forgetting simple words for things struggling like a Alzheimer's patient trying to think of the word on the tip of my tongue. My excuse for drinking socially is that I have social anxiety. Going out with a crowd of people I barely know scares me I am so amazingly awkward. Alcohol loosens me up. At home its more a source of escapism. I hate my job - the people are great it's just the nature of my work is time sensitive tedious and repetitive - but the pay is too good to leave. The cycle never stops I wake up angry and guilty that I let it happen again asking myself why I needed that much embarrassed at myself that I have no control and projecting that disappointment in myself on my husband which only worsens my Generalized Anxiety. I proclaim (just to myself) that I'm quitting that's it no more. I go to work and do my brain numbing job hear a song mention grabbing a drink or think about drinking get home and make myself a drink. It's like that Alcoholic Alzheimer's hit me again to make me forget the regret from the very same morning. I don't need it every day but it sure feels like I'm headed in that direction. I once went a whole year without drinking (after an event that nearly ruined my life) so I know I can do it. Everytime I reach into the fridge I hear that self assurance talk "Don't worry it'll be different this time you won't overdo it." Which inevitably flashes forward to me running to the fridge to crack open another beer after hiding my last empty deep in the trash before my husband gets into the house from bowling. I function on the outside but on the inside there is a major malfunction. There's a lot of things that I know I could do in my spare time to keep me occupied instead of using drinking to disappear from my own insecurities and depression. But I don't feel like doing them. I don't know why I'm this way. I have mentioned it before to my husband but he doesn't think I am an alcoholic. Despite me proving it every week. I think he's also an alcoholic but the kind that has a better handle on the control portion. He knows how to shut it down when he's done after 3 or 4 drinks every single night but he won't keep it out of the house. ..I'm done being embarrassed by the sound of our trash bag being thrown in the dumpster. I'm done sneaking another drink when no one is looking. I'm done making empty promises to myself. I'm done with the bad health the bad skin the extra weight on my gut. I'm done thinking of future planned vacations only to be more excited about the drink options. I'm done. I will find another way to decompress from work. I turned 32 this year and I want to take my health back. I got a GP and a gym membership that I am using but I'm still struggling with the alcohol. How do you change your life? How do you avoid the question of why you aren't drinking? 
----------immediate responses--------

Try reading This Naked Mind by Annie Grace. Or just going to her website to watch her intro video and get her daily emails. It is somewhere to start.  At least it was for me. I'm new to this too. :) Take care.
Welcome.  You've found a good place.  My story sounds pretty close to yours even the part about quitting for a year.  I think your mindset is great and if youve really decided that youre done then you can do it.  Reach out to the group when you need to.  I will not drink with you today.
Your story is nearly IDENTICAL to mine. The only part that really differs is the tedious job part. At the beginning of this year I quit drinking alcohol for 6 months. I felt so good! My skin cleared up and wasn't puffy anymore...  I lost almost 20lbs... I was looking and feeling better in all aspects of my life.  My husband quit with me. Once he started drinking again (he drinks normally but it is every evening. Just one beer maybe two. But he does keep alcohol in the house) my brain said  it's been six months. You did it! You won't go back to your old habits! It's ok to have a drink here and there . Well here I am five months later 15lbs up anxiety at an all time high depression too drinking every couple nights again. It's so very hard to stay quit in a house of drinkers! One thing that helps me is getting alcohol free drinks. I like flavored sparkling water with mint in it. It feels like a special cocktail that I can drink without the inevitable hangover and guilt that comes along with drinking booze. ..We all take it one day at a time on this sub. And we do it together! So... welcome to this sub. I will not drink with you today!
I went to see my doctor and got help for cravings. And I came here each day and took the daily pledge and read lots and lots of posts to stay very focused on sobriety and keep me reminded of all the very real and very big downsides to drinking. ..If people ask you why you aren't drinking tell them it's been giving you headaches lately or something. But I think like many of us here you'll be surprised how few people even bother to take notice of whether you are drinking or not. People really don't care. It seems like the only people I read about on here are people in their early or perhaps mid 20s who still hang out with a not-so-mature peer group. About half a dozen times these past 9 months I've gone to events or social occasions all nervous with carefully rehearsed excuses about why I'm not drinking only to find I didn't need them and that no one cared. ..Good luck. You can do this. 
