-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9rp9y6/1_year_10222018/

Holy shit guys I somehow managed to make it a year. ..My life is so different today I almost find myself questioning if I am exaggerating or if it was all really that fucked up but.. it was all really that fucked up. ..&amp;#x200B;.. I white knuckled it for my first week didn't tell anyone didn't ask for help I kept everything in my house. I shook couldn't sleep couldn't shit vomited and hated every sober second of hell I was putting myself through. By Friday night on my 5th day I had enough and I marched my ass into my very first AA meeting...&amp;#x200B;..  What you have to understand about me is I am from a pretty recognizable family in a town of 10K people so shame doesn't even come close to describing what I was feeling when I walked through that door. I didn't care how many people saw me taking another random guy home from the bar but shit what if they saw my car outside of the AA Building?! Every cabbie in town knew my home address and that I would probably just crawl through the dog door instead of fight with my keys but somehow that didn't bother me either. But admitting I had a problem like a REAL honest to god problem was terrifying this room full of fucked up people? They are all losers I was sooo much better than they were! ..&amp;#x200B;..  I looked down on every single person in that room from the gutter. As if I was some sort of special species and they should bow to me and fix me.. I didn't have time for their sad stories and drivel. I needed the answers and I needed them quick they would surely teach me how to drink like a lady. ..&amp;#x200B;..  Something happened when I spent enough time around those losers.. I realized I was one of them. I was never going to be able to drink like a lady I am just not wired for it. The problems I had in my life were mostly self created either I created problems to have something to drink over or I created problems when I drank with other drunks. Don't get me wrong - I had plenty of underlying excuses - A Dead Mother a family that crumbled after her death a Divorce that ruined me emotionally and financially a history of Daddy issues and a teenage Date Rape.. But really my alcoholism wasn't about any of that shit it was about me.. It was because I have a illness that is terminal if I don't treat it properly. ..&amp;#x200B;..  I have heard this in meetings and it stuck with me when I was in my first days in the program.. If you were told you only had a few more years to live and you would probably suffer the entire time or if you could have a life that would be better than your wildest dreams and all you had to do was sit and listen for an hour a day what would you choose? Seems stupid when I phrase it that way doesn't it? What dumbshit would want to suffer through and fight all of the time I'd like the better life!..&amp;#x200B;..  The better life just meant that I had to listen and follow a few simple rules. I had to call someone else and admit I was being a bitch baby when I wanted to drink. I had to drag myself out of bed and go to meetings I had to tell total strangers (and not strangers) what a fucking mess I had made. I did all of it and I continue to do it and I can't begin to tell you how much things have changed. I don't want to come off as a braggart thats not what any of this is about its about hope. .. None of it came easy there was some miserable shit in there that I wouldn't wish on anyone the ending of a relationship that turned into a suicide ( I think or maybe he is reading this I'll probably never know) the loss of damn near all of my friends. My family has zero interest in being involved in my sobriety I wound up in a relationship with a 13 stepper and made it through but he relapsed.. But then there is the bright side. .. ..  I am in the healthiest relationship I have ever been in I quit smoking which I have been trying to do for a decade. I am eating regular meals sleeping regularly. I have money to go on trips and people that want to go with me that have their own money. I have paid all of my bills and I am in the best financial health I have been in probably ever. I learned what its like to be alone and that its ok and I learned that sometimes blood family is not the same as chosen family. ..&amp;#x200B;..  I hope this brings you hope if I can get my shit together you sure can.. Its scary but its worth it you are worth it. Love yourself don't let anyone fuck with your happiness. Feelings are not facts cry get angry call another drunk if none of that help go to bed. Tomorrow is a new day. ..&amp;#x200B;..All you really have to do is not drink for one day. ..&amp;#x200B;..You can do this. Thank you..&amp;#x200B;..TLDR;  A bunch of happy horseshit and blabbering I haven't had to drink for 369 days. 
----------immediate responses--------

I needed this! Ty! Congratulations!!
Wow.  You are tough.  Glad you made it to one year so congratulations!  Now onto the next one!
HighFive for 369 /u/throwawayagain4567!       ..Thanks for the uplifting encouraging post. ..You are proof that recovery is possible!
Wow! Big tears reading this. One year is wonderful! I haven't pushed it through to that amount of time yet... but maybe this time. I know I won't be drinking today. Thank you for that post. I will probably read it a few more times in the coming days. 
Nicely done!
Congratulations!!
You're an amazing person. And that was incredibly well written. Congratulations on making it. You're fucking awesome and an inspiration to many. I'm proud to not drink with you today. Keep kicking ass.
Very well put! And congratulations! Every day gets better and better!
Thank you for that. I'm so glad your doing great!!
Good ON YA!!! half way there myself FORWARD
Loved this! Thank you for sharing your real raw honest and hopeful journey! Congratulations on your 1st birthday!! ..IWNDWYT    
Thank you. Thank you for this.
I really needed to hear this it's uplifting as hell.  I keep seeing clear evidence but I'm one of those people that really needs to read it in writing from other people.  Thank you so much.  IWNDWYT.
Congrats! Proud of you!
Well said. And congrats!
powerful read.  thanks for sharing op and congratulations.  i am so happy for you! 
Good stuff!  Great job proud of you! IWNDWYT 
Congratulations!
Inspiring - can't wait to hit mine! IWNDWYT 
Thanks for this
Wow So happy for you! And a hella great piece of writing as well!!! IWNDWYT.
Happy birthday!!!!
You are AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Hello my friend. ..I read your post. I am typing. I thin I should hit delete and move on. Or hit delete and start again. No I will just let it flow...Well done on 1 year...Happy Birthday.            ..1 year. And what a year it may have been for some...Some one said 1 year from now you will be glad you did not drink. ..Not forgetting 1 day at a time. ..Well you have been through a lot. But now the rewards. I have found in sobriety all I sought in the bottle and more. Heaps more...I wish you all the best. You are worth it.  ..Just for today I will be sober with you. ..Your Friend John           
Thank you for sharing your experience strength and hope.  Wish I could attend your first speaker meeting but I don't think you live in the same town in Idaho that I do.  .Love and respect from one AA to another. 
Congrats!!
  
Congratulations I'm about halfway there myself!
Thank you for your story. I needed it.
Thank you.
As far as I am concerned you have done the impossible...This is what we call a feat of strenght...Great work!
Well done!
Amazing thanks for sharing. 
This post is amazing. Thank you so much it really hit home for me. You've become or always were and didn't know a wonderful person. Bless your cotton socks (as we sat in my country) 
Congratulations!!!
Congrats!! I'm on day 5 and ridiculously pleased with myself. I've caught it at a stage where I was approaching a bottle of wine per night and hiding it really well so I'm hoping that I can keep it up and not downplay it in coming weeks/ months. I had to explain to my husband how hard it is for me not to drink and he didn't have a clue - I guess he's hardwired differently...
Great writing thank you for sharing and congratulations on your year.
Thank you for writing this! You are doing amazing :)..&gt; I have money to go on trips and people that want to go with me that have their own money...Were you paying for other people before? I've done that a lot these past 5 years (when my drinking started getting bad) and I think I have attracted a few users. I want to break that pattern. 
CONGRATULATIONS! Nothing more profound to say than that. Werk it.
Super fantastic post. What a great way to start my day. Thank you. IWNDWYT
Woohoo congrats on a YEAR!
Fantastic so glad you made it enjoy the freedom 
 Sometimes blood family is not the same as chosen family.   FACTS.  Good for you congrats on your first year!!!
Congrats 
Your story is inspiring.  Thank you for sharing it.  I will follow your lead!!!..Congratulations on your year!!!..&amp;#x200B;..Keep it up!!!
