-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9rrziy/im_struggling_mostly_at_night_because_i_fear/

Hi... I haven't stopped drinking... I mean I drink myself to sleep every night and on bad days I start in the morning. I subscribed to this very awesome subreddit for inspiration to stop. My main issue is this irrational fear of being alone in the dark with my thoughts and unable to sleep. It's dumb because drinking only puts me out till 4 or 5am sometimes then I just reddit and try not to have a beer (like now... trying very hard). I drink to manage my social anxiety which was REALLY bad a few years ago but slightly more manageable now. I don't have access to anything like sleep therapy I'm on meds for the anxiety (have been for 15 years - was diagnosed with PTSD about 4 years ago) ... I would love some tips on how to not drink. I try knitting... drawing... I know I should be working out more (I hate working out)... does anyone relate to this and can anyone offer some ideas on how to stop the anxious drinking?
----------immediate responses--------

Melatonin and physical activity has been what's worked for me.
Drinking made my anxiety waay worse. Really messes with one's brain chemicals and doesn't let meds do their job from what I've read. What about listening to an audiobook to fall asleep? My mom does that as she is a terrible sleeper and that tends to calm her down. There are also some great white noise apps that you could let lull you to sleep. I use a white noise machine at night and it helps keep my thoughts from filling up my head. It's sort of fills in the space between my ears! There are also some great ambient music playlists that you can find that focus on helping people go to sleep. One other thing you might try out is Yoga Nidra. It doesn't involve physical activity but helps calm the mind and body. There is a fantastic app called Insight Timer that has really relaxing music and ambient sound to listen to as well as Yoga Nidra and many other helpful talks to calm the mind. I really recommend it! My anxiety is greatly reduced since I stopped drinking. You can do this!
Hi I am starting day 8 and like you drank so that I would sleep at night mainly - every night for nearly forty years. My anxiety was high and I held an actual fear of not being able to sleep. So I decided last Friday week that it was time to stop for a number of reasons. If I didn't sleep Friday night so what? I could take a nap on Saturday - I'm 58  . Once I let go of my fear of not sleeping I relaxed a bit &amp; while my sleep has not yet fully come back at least when I do wake during the night I am not beating myself up for not being asleep. You can do this. One day or moment at a time.
I listen to podcasts at night when I can't sleep. So I wake up most mornings having learnt some totally random information at like 2 or 3am. At least it gives me something to talk about the next day!
