-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s2sdu/so_much_timegone/

Never to get back. It's sinking in that I let all but two decades pass me by without actually being a part of it due to being blinded by alcohol.  I don't mind getting older it's life right but I didn't even have any "say" in it.  Alcohol dictated my level of participation which was next to nothing to be honest.  ..I'm coming to grips with this realization and taking baby steps to rectify all the wrong doings.  I appreciate a community of folks who understand that the struggle is real and that it's a very constant battle that we wage all the time.
----------immediate responses--------

The lost time. I hear you. Last night I was again cranky that I was deprived of my nightly alcohol and instead made food and did laundry and caught up on emails and thought god this is so boring but then - I realized - when you were drunk and passing out on the couch - was that not boring too?!?! And at least today you have healthy food to eat and are ready to go to the gym and it's not even 9!.It's a struggle. And no point in carrying shame. Just move forward for the health of your mind and body is what I always try to say to myself. I wish you the best of luck and focus and success!!!
I know that feeling.  I stopped a year ago and while I feel like a million dollars now I have an occasional regret:  I wish I had stopped years ago.  After I stopped drinking one of the first things I noticed was how much time suddenly became available to me.  It felt as if the day was 50% longer than it used to be in a good way.  ..When I feel like that I try to remind myself that it's pointless to look at life through the rear view mirror.  If I dwell on the past I will miss out on the future and the present which is what alcohol did once to me.  Im not going to repeat that mistake.  
I may have lost that time but now I think I have a new appreciation of life that I wouldn't  have had without the experience of getting sober.It has opened my eyes to alot of things about people and society.If I had not been humbled I don't  think it would have happened.
I definitely understand. As per my username I finally woke up after drinking away thirty years at near fifty. With recovery came accepting what you describe. The way I look at it is that I am happy where I am in life in my mid fifties seven years sober. Without my past and recovery I would not be who I am and where I am today. Recovery involves not only making amends to others we have wronged but equally importantly being able to forgive and accept ourselves. For most there is no shortcut to this it just takes time sober and a life well lived...Not drinking with you today.
The struggle is real! I can relate to feeling I've lost/wasted time.  Thankful for this community I found last night. It is a constant battle every day though. Alcohol is so easily available and it takes a lot of willpower to not stop for drinks or bypass the liquor stores. I'm tired of hangovers sneaking drinks getting rid of empty bottles before coming home. Hang in there. 
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now."  ..It's an old quote but I just read it for the first time this week and it really resonated with me.  Maybe it will with you also.  I'm glad you're here and planting your tree.  :)  
