-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s55zd/coping_with_sobriety_and_narcissistic_roommate/

Hello SD. I'm posting while on break at work so I'll need to keep this short. I've been maintaining sobriety generally well relapsing an average of once every three weeks. Obviously I never intend to relapse this often but it's about the right time for the shame of my last relapse to have subsided and the pain of my mental health to have become unbearable...I drink because I got raped. It's my trauma I've managed a bit of therapy I'm on the waiting list for more. The problem that I have is I'm living home with my parents and my narcissist brother who... does not understand mental health problems. Last time I relapsed he realised I was drunk while i was outside of my bedroom and interrogated me as to why I'd done it. I wasn't blackout - I remember saying I'm sorry I was so depressed I can't do it whatever. It was a long and horrible experience. I said I was suicidal. I am to be honest. Drunk or sober. Life is hard...Anyway it's a week later and I'm managing ok until he stops me in the kitchen and starts screaming at me for being a drunk. He says I'm not trying hard enough I'm a failure. I say I'm not handling it and he does a funny impression of me talking about rape and then screams that it's harder living with me than it was for me to get raped however many times. He says he feels this strongly about it because he loves me and he's angry that it happened. ..So anyway I end up slumped on the floor in the kitchen and the only reason I don't try to drink myself to death is because my partner is next door. He picks up the pieces of me and stuff. ..I really need some help with how to cope. I can't move out because im 22 fresh out of uni and have no savings and only minimum wage part time work (for now). He's five years my senior and could move out but he won't. My parents can't stand him either so I know it's not just me...I just really need help. Like tips for maintaining sobriety under intense emotional duress. My folks are on a cruise for the near future and my partner lives 100 miles away when he's not visiting. I can visit him on my days off but until then I'm all alone...I won't drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Please try to get out of there. Can you find roommates to share an apartment? Save money? 
Did your rapist go to prison at least?
Do you have insurance?  I think you need to go to treatment ASAP.  Get the hell out of there for three months and get your head clear.  There's absolutely nothing wrong with you you're living in a horrible situation.  Stay away from your piece of shit brother at all costs and ignore him when he starts berating you.  If he puts his hands on you call the police and have him arrested for assault and get a restraining order against him.  Your life is very much on the line here and it doesn't need to be.  There's always a way out that doesn't end in suicide.  That stupid mf needs to GO!!!!!!!!!!!!
I understand not being suicidal but hating this world.  It's hard for me to put one foot in front of the other most days all of the horrible shit being done to humans and animals and the earth out there.  The only thing that keeps me going is being here for my cats because they're here for me and I won't leave them behind.  It's so hard for me to let alcohol go though because as much as I hate it it seems to allow me to be a little bit happy once in a while by making me forget the bad shit.  I've been raped twice- once by a boyfriend when I was 18 and once when I was active duty and passed out drunk at 19.  I'm 43 now.  I'm just coming to full terms about how fucked up my entire family is I'm estranged from them all (except my gma who is in a nursing home- I call her about once a week so she can make me feel like shit- I'm her POA so it's virtually impossible for me to cut ties with her).  Plus I'm in perimenopause so my emotions are all over the fkn place.  Get sober while you're young- life flashes by so fast and you have a lot of years ahead of you that can be wonderful and free of the drama you're in right now.  Think ahead not behind and check out Abraham Hicks on YouTube.  Peace   
