-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s7r60/just_make_it_to_day_300/

Yesterday (day 299) was by far one of the most tempting days yet since I've quit. Most of the time it's not a struggle anymore. I just coast and get things done.   ...I went out to dinner with friends I hadn't seen much since I quit. We all used to drink together on the weekends and to celebrate finishing projects in school. It was a Saturday night...fancy restaurant...everyone asks me what I'm drinking. Told them I'm not ("for the year personal challenge").   ...It was hard because I'm in that place where I feel isolated and resentful about it. I feel like I have my shit together and why can't I be allowed to just let go and connect with people. It's already hard enough for me as an introvert and I just miss that instant bonding part of alcohol.  ...The dinner went well I had a genuinely fun time and nobody was an asshole about it or a drunk asshole in general. I suppose I felt sort of left out as they went on to another bar afterwards and I said I had to get home early day tomorrow. It definitely felt like a line in the sand was drawn and I'm on one side they are on the other. These are people I have been wanting to spend more time with and reconnect with but I'm faced with the reality that with this particular group it's going to be difficult if I'm not drinking.   ...I don't know why I'm posting this other than to check in. I remember seeing people with 300-something days when I first quit and thinking how amazing that was that they were definitely going to make it to a year. I feel like I will make it to a year out of sheer stubbornness but I sense that if I don't do something to address my feelings of isolation I may not last much longer than that. And deep down I know that if I start drinking again it will be terrible and spiral. I can't do it. This is my new reality I must accept it. And I must continue to change other things about my life in service of maintaining this reality that I can't drink.  
----------immediate responses--------

You know it might be possible to go to the bar with them and not drink.  It is for me but I know we are all different in that regard.  But if you do go you might realize you aren't missing out on much.  Having lived that same experience everyone was cool at dinner but then things started getting sloppy at the bar.  The drunk preaching the incoherent logic they are sure is a brilliant insight.  It all feels too much like babysitting five year olds but worse because babysitters get paid.  
&gt; for the year personal challenge..I think it's pretty common for us to have an excuse or reason for not drinking other than I'm an alcoholic. That is why it's call Alcoholics Anonymous after all.  ..I quit when my wife was pregnant with our third and I used to tell people that I was not drinking with her as a support for her. The problem is then what do i  say after the baby is born?..Well I told them a partial truth  After not drinking for 6 months I feel great and I'm going to keep not drinking  eventually that changed to  I have no need for alcohol in my life  or simply  I don't drink 
This is such an important post.  I think this is a big stumbling block for a lot of us.  Basically we have to deal with not drinking in a drinking world.  I recently had a visit from old drinking friends I hadn't seen in a long time and I caved.  ..I need to remember that those "special occasions" ALWAYS lead me back to the same old death spiral of getting drunk every day and absolutely ruining my life.  I have to accept that I will never be able to drink reasonably...So you are so right.  We gotta accept our new reality.  But I do recall how much better my life was on the days I managed to stay sober over these past few months so actually that reality even though it sucks sometimes in general is WAY better than being trapped in the clutches of alcohol addiction...You're doing great by the way.  I'd be extremely proud of myself.
Amazing job.  Temptation is tough.  I get it.   
Thank you for sharing this I think wanting to connect with my group is what's kept me drinking so long. In the past I have easily given up alcohol for 6 months when supporting my ex husband...it was an act of connection. I honestly think if alcohol wasn't legal I'd never even think about alcohol or care. The being left out part tho....it's going to be a challenge for me. 
