-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9s95ac/one_year_today_its_not_all_roses_but_i_am_finally/

Last year on this date after a lot of continued and unnecessary suffering I decided to quit drinking. ..I would like to share what I've learned so far...The first two weeks were by far the hardest. I couldn't sleep and my desire to drink was through the roof. I had a hard time dealing with the change in routine and the feeling of being alone with my sober thoughts. I drank alone most of the time and I really enjoyed hanging out with myself. To be perfectly honest it enjoyed that a lot....The first three months took me through the holiday season as well as my own birthday. I had to fight a lot of family/coworker/societal pressure to drink. Fighting these battles in a way galvanized my resolve because I felt many were  just waiting  for me to cave or go back to my old ways. To be fair at this stage I had only confided my true intentions to a few so I was still telling people  I am taking a break . After I survived the holidays is when I truly knew I could do this. That's when I went public with the news to everyone not just those close to me...After the first 90 days I my cravings subsided substantially. I didn't think about drinking or about *not drinking* all the time. Establishing a routine really helped. Around this time I really started to notice the positive changes in my own behavior and my performance at work began to improve substantially. My first post on this sub happened around day 67. This is when I started drinking sparkling water. Which by the way is a good way to calm nerves at least for me...My first true test came during a bachelor party (hopefully the last one in my life). I asked for some tips here on SD and some of you really came through for me with good tips. I had a good time and did not drink which I was thrilled about but I would be lying if I denied the fact that part of me wanted to get hammered. I had nowhere to be and no responsibilities to tend to. I just understood where this would lead once I was home again so I didn't. By the end of this trip my friends truly understood how serious I was about this. I was afraid they were going to put a ton of pressure on me but they didn't. They showed me they were my friends and embraced the sober me. I still bought rounds at the bar and partied. I just sipped on my tonic water and lemon and got on with things. ..Around the eight month mark I attended the wedding of my friend whose bachelor party we attended above. I was asked to give a toast and while there wasn't technically a wedding party I filled the role of the best man. I also gave hands-down the best speech of the night. I cannot truly express how wonderful it felt to hit a homerun like that. I can say without exaggeration it was one of the high points of my 37 years in this life. EVERYONE came up to me during the reception and wanted to speak with me and congratulate me on it. It took me many many hours to write edit and practice that speech and about three minutes to deliver it but it was fantastic. I am generally a good public speaker but this is not something I could have done under the influence. I cannot properly express how good it felt to say exactly what I wanted to say and have others truly understand me. This experience solidified my choice to not drink but again I would be lying if I said that I didn't want to drink at all. ..Soon after this I received a promotion at work and took over for my boss who was retiring. I was now the lead and had a new employee to train. This moment had been coming for several years. Two years ago I was dreading that moment. When it finally happened I welcomed it with open arms. My mind was clear and I was ready. Things have been going well at work and I feel I can be someone that can lead by example not merely by delegation or because I've been appointed to do so. I felt more competent and confident than I ever had...Two months ago my little one started pre-k and I have been there for him every single evening after school. Not just physically but engaged. While his mother and I are not together we are coparenting as a team. She's had a rough time this year so it was on me to pick up the slack so I have. It's made me feel good to be the dad I want to be...I read SD regularly and post infrequently but I try to give back. I feel so many others have so much more to say because I never hit a true rock bottom by comparison to some others who have lost everything...Despite all these positive things there are also some down sides that have been difficult to deal with mainly the loneliness. ..I am a somewhat reserved person and one of my main uses for alcohol was to let myself relax. I still find it extremely challenging to relax and meet new people. I've been alone so long now that I'm starting to give up a little bit. I have tried to meet people using the internet and apps but to my chagrin I'm reminded that many people's social lives still revolve around alcohol which is just not something I want to be involved with anymore. I was seeing a woman for about a month or so but it fizzled for a variety of reasons...I once read here on SD that the first year of sobriety is about figuring out who you are going to be as a sober person. I can say I finally understand the depth of that statement.  I like who I am as a sober person but I also realize there are problems to solve that have nothing to do with alcohol. The difference now is that I can tell which problems are mine versus which problems I created because of alcohol...I am still in awe of those of you who are in the thousands. I also have a greater understanding of what my grandfather a 40+ year alcoholic finally went through when he quit for good. Quitting changed his life but alas he had ruined many things in his life.  I take stock of what I've lost: a marriage. Something that hurts to this day over five years after my divorce was finalized. I realize that I still have time on my side and a chance to regain some of what I've lost...I guess in this one year I've learned that it is possible to be happy but it it necessary to think beyond thinking about alcohol and reflect within yourself. I have read enough to know that getting cocky leads to horrible relapses but at the same time I don't want to be consumed by the past. ..I look forward to another year of growth of challenges and small victories but with guarded humility. I look forward to continued freedom...This forum has been my only outlet. My sounding board and place of reflection. To all of you who post who have helped me and others I offer my most sincere thanks. I know I could not have made it this long without all of you disembodied friendship. I am here for you all as well. ..I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

I love this congratulations! One of my main fears about my decision not to drink anymore is the loneliness factor. My heart goes out to that. 
Can't thank you enough for sharing this. Today was kinda rough. It just got a little easier...IWNDWYT
Thank you for this inspiring and honest post. Lots of what you said resonated with me - I'm also a reserved person and have been feeling a little down today about exactly what you said. Congratulations on 1 year! IWNDWYT!
This is an incredible post! Thank you for sharing. I still have 2/3 of the way to go but one year doesn't seem crazy anymore. Your post hits the nail on the head of why I want to get there. 
Well done and cool post!
Happy 1 Year!
Wonderful post. Congratulations and thanks for sharing. 
Well if that toast went anything like this well articulated and moving post I can see why you were bombarded with congratulations.  Thank you so much for sharing this...Side note:  I worked in the banquet field for 10 years and saw hundreds upon hundreds of people give wedding toasts.  Very few of those toasts were made by sober people and most of the time they were so cringe worthy and embarrassing I would have to leave the floor or hum to drown out the words.  GREAT JOB on being one of the few worth listening to!
Thank you for your insights and congratulations on a better year!
&gt;I once read here on SD that the first year of sobriety is about figuring out who you are going to be as a sober person. I can say I finally understand the depth of that statement. I like who I am as a sober person but I also realize there are problems to solve that have nothing to do with alcohol. The difference now is that I can tell which problems are mine versus which problems I created because of alcohol. ..Oh my this hit me hard.  I am starting to experience a tiny little bit of this in my early stages.  I look forward to more clarity.  Your story is incredibly inspiring thank you for sharing.  Congratulations on your 1 year!  I will not drink with you today either :)..&amp;#x200B;
I saved your post so many wise words - I as well lost quite a bit of my social circle but slowly new people are trickling in - people I probably would have never given a chance before because they are not big into alcohol - weird -I will gladly deal with this season of quietness - my sobriety is the greatest gift worth ANY sacrifice - I'm so happy for you! 
Congratulations and happy anniversary!
Congratulations! 
Hello my friend...Happy Birthday...                     ..1 cake was not enough for a post like that...I am a big AA man. Huge on AA..But you have done all this on Reddit...You said you may not have gone far down the track. Your input is needed. If only ones like myself who went well down others like yourself have nothing to identify with...And you have a great talent with words. A simple but descriptive way...My friend I wish I could give you a hug. ( I mean that in a nice way ) ..I am going to say what ever you are doing  keep doing it. As I heard in AA if it works don't fix it...My big motto 1 day at a time...Thank you again for this. Take care my friend...May your life be full. ..Sobriety promised me 1 thing. Sobriety. It did not say I would be rich or famous.  My neighbour has a mortgage  car payment wife children etc...But I have through sobriety a way to live. A plan. ..This is what I received in exchange for being an alcoholic. ..Life may not always be easy in sobriety. ..But calm seas never made a good mariner...Til we meet take care...Your Friend John         
This was a great post. Thank you for sharing and congrats on one year!
Congratulations! I just passed 90 days of being sober for the first time in probably a decade. I'm about to turn 30 and thought it's about time! Alcohol has always been like a best friend/lover for me so it felt like a HUGE loss when I gave it up. I almost lost my marriage as well time will tell if we'll make it.
What a great post! Bravo!!!
Thanks for sharing that man. I intended to reduce my drinking as I subbed here but it's not working as a I thought. It's the cockiness that you spoke of like thinking  I got this u under control . 
I came here looking for answers to help someone I know and this really opened my eyes to the struggles he must be going through. Thank you and I wish you all the best.
