-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sbao4/i_really_need_help/

I am a 23 year old female and I have abused alcohol as to suppress my depressive mood swings for 5 years. I have always played this addiction down but yesterday I had the worst relapse of my life and I realize that my desire for getting a grip on life cannot be fulfilled when I drink. I have an appointment with a therapist next month but I need to stop drinking NOW. I don't think that I am physically addicted yet but mentally...Any tips to stay sober in the first few weeks? I find it soo hard and it makes me incredibly sad and lonely...
----------immediate responses--------

When I first stopped drinking I spent as much time as possible reading this sub reading sober blogs and all the books on alcohol addiction and recovery I could get my hands on..Good for you on making this decision it took me until I was in my thirties to realise I seriously had to stop xx
[removed]
AA meetings help honestly just because it's something to do where you know you can't drink for an hour + travel time plus I would feel so shitty drinking before or after.  Once withdrawal was over I slept and laid in my bed like a mofo especially after a shitty rehab bed for a month.  I cooked a ton because I wanted to eat a ton.  Not to be vulgar but I masturbated like crazy because my sex drive had been numbed for so long and it had been awakened once sober for a bit.  I watched a bunch of tv series that I never got around to.  I read books a bunch too as a habit from rehab since we couldn't watch tv there besides an hour a day.  Honestly if your insurance would cover it outpatient rehab might not be a bad idea.  I went to one it was mostly people your age but I only went to one after my 30 day inpatient.  Way it worked for the outpatient thing for me was though just pay a small copay each day for like a 5 hour thing.  Plus there's bunch of people in the same boat as you and everyone I met in rehabs were enjoyable people.
Thank you for your support. I will try to manage this myself I know that I can generate the willpower as I've stayed sober for over four months this year. Then depression kicked in. Opening up about it helps a lot. I don't have any family support and no one of my friends knows about this. I think that my self chosen double life makes things even harder because I appear to be so put together on the outside... 
Glad you're here!   Lot's of support...I was caught in a vicious cycle making promises to myself caving doubting my willpower and eroding my integrity...Then I did ONE thing different- I asked for support...I can successfully *create* a drinking problem all by myself but can't create a *solution* without some help...I went to a recovery meeting and just listened.
