-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9shacz/planning_my_relapse/

I'm 4 weeks sober. I'm a stay at home alcoholic mother of 2 (5 and 2) and my husband is gonna be away the next 5 days. Perfect occasion to drink a bottle of wine eveny evening after putting the kids in bed. The ideal situation for an alcoholic woman. No one to watch you no risk of hurting anyone no one judging..No one but myself. .I want to drink but I don't need to I need to drink but don't want to... I'm tortured and confused I have been since I've know he was going to be away. It never happens so the occasion is big..28 days is big but it's not that big..I'm lost and I just needed to write it down. I don't know how I'll cope with managing the kids by myself sometimes I really don't enjoy being a mum. Right now I can't see clear can't even do pros and cons. And I can't say that I will not drink with you today.  
----------immediate responses--------

Oh honey I'm so sorry you are struggling.  Give yourself a hug for me.  Everyday of sobriety is a gift you give yourself.  You are worth it.
There's never really no risk of hurting anyone is there?  I remember one holiday I was still up drinking when my cousin came down stairs feeling ill and needing to go to the hospital.  Would have been great for me to drive him and stay with him for comfort.  But I was too drunk so he sucked it up and went alone.  I thought I was just safely hurting myself at home until someone needed my help.
Recovery didn't open the gates of heaven and let me in (right away ;)) recovery opened the gates of Hell and let me out.  IWNDWYT 
I was in your place many times.  It can be so hard but I hope you can make it without the wine.  I wish you the best!  If you do drink come back quickly not all will be lost.
This too shall pass.  
How about planning your sobriety? Have a plan for these next 5 days. Are you stocked up with sparkling water or other alternative beverages? Can you meet up with family or friends for a night? Can your husband call you every day or evening to give you support? Can a trusted friend or relative stay with you for a night or two to help with your children? ..I know how much work being a mother is. I didn't like it all the time either. I don't know how long you were actively drinking but 28 days IS big. I urge you to hang on to it. Plus your babies are needing their mum if something happens. ..I remember the feeling of planning my binges when my s/o would travel out of town. I was home taking care of our family. I thought I was so clever but really I was ashamed to be a liar and a drunk. Now I feel so relieved that I don't have that guilt hanging over me. Is that what you want? What motivated you to be sober? Remember that. Fight the alcoholic thinking. One day hour or minute at a time. Right?..Your post went up 32 minutes ago. I am staying sober with you today. Blessings..
I got out of treatment almost 3 weeks ago. Today I have 50 days sober. I have good days and I have bad days. Today's a kind of sucky day. But one thing is certain - today I am not ashamed of myself and if I drank tonight tomorrow I would be ashamed. ..I understand your feelings - and I was the Mom who would've drank. But my son is 16 now and while I can't regret the past I can encourage you to change the script inside your head and not lose these days. ..Drinking always hurts someone. ..Sending you love non-judgment and hope. 
Being torn in two is not fun.  I know I was that way a long time.  One day I just decided my brain was wrong when it said drinking was good...the reality was it always turned out badly.  I just held on to the conviction that my brain was lying I and I wasn't missing out on anything...even when my brain was shouting at me to drink...I took it one day at a time and eventually was able to let go of drinking.  Now most days I don't want to drink.  I feel whole and feee...Wishing you the best! IWNDWYT 
If only I could at least make a decision. Drink. Or Not Drink. But I'm too confused..Was at the supermarket an hour ago to shop for the week. Torn. Enter the wine section. Did a u turn. Did not buy any alcohol. Looks like I made a choice of not drinking today. Will see tomorrow. 
Do this for your children x..&amp;#x200B;..IWNDWYT
I listened to the bubble hour podcast today. It was about  surviving  early sobriety. You can plan things to do that will keep you busy without having a drink in your hands. Imagine the peaceful time you will have when your kids go to bed. Choose a movie to watch...maybe a chick flick that your husband wouldn't love. Do you nails...and toes...get one of those coloring books for adults. Make a homemade face mask...or buy one. Whatever makes you happy and keeps you busier...get yourself a treat to eat one night after kids are in bed...something too decadent to share! :) .You can do it!  Start dreaming about all of the wonderful things you can do in that time...change your routine. Make nighttime different than it was. It's the  same  that brings you back to the habits you had. 
What if there's an emergency and you're drunk and can't take care of your kids? What if you have to go the er and they see you wine drunk and call DSS? What if you're too passed out to notice a sick or injured kid? ..Those are what keep me going. 3 days sober so far. 
I'm a mom of 2 young ones too and I know exactly how you feel. It's hard. All of it. But it's so so much harder when you're hungover. ..And 28 days is HUGE. Don't sell yourself short.  
Thank you for being honest. I've been there and had definitely planned my relapses long before I took that 1st drink yet again in the past. I finally had to drink until I convinced myself I was an alcoholic and hit my bottom. In hindsight I don't think of all those sobriety attempts as all for naught. I learned a little with each attempt and it seems to have stuck longer this time  than any attempt. ..Honesty is a huge step! Kudos to you. Whether you drink or not this misery within us seems to hit bottom before we finally are convinced. I hope it doesn't come to that for you. Or maybe you're there. However it goes I certainly get it and have been in your shoes.  ..You are not alone...IWNDWYT    
Hanging there. Alone now with the kids. Didn't buy any but there are 3 bottles of wine in my house. So hard
Made it through today sober. I'm trying my best not to think of tomorrow's torture. Going to bed sober. I didn't drink with you today.  
I grew up with an alcoholic mother who drank a box of wine almost every night. Whether you think so or not your kids know you're drinking. I remember many night at 4-5 years old - dad was traveling and mom was passed out on the couch at midnight and I couldn't wake her up. It's fucked me up and is responsible for anxiety/depression and now alcoholism in my adult years. Today I'm fighting my own sobriety battles.   I can't control what you do but please think about your babies. They are more aware than you realize.
