-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9skycd/i_think_ive_turned_a_corner_but_am_still_feeling/

At 3am on Sunday morning I decided to stop drinking for good. While I wasn't  drinking every day I had gotten to a point where I was drinking 3-4 times a week and the number of drinks per night was increasing to levels that scared me. I'm 5'2  115 lbs and would black out frequently and drink 6-10 drinks a night. Not all of my experiences drinking lately have ended terribly; in fact many were still enjoyable and harmless. However I was hiding and sneaking alcohol drinking alone and in secret and losing some amount of memory almost every time. I eventually realized that I was losing control over how much I drank. Even when I drank around family and people I cared about I could not drink casually or in moderation. I hate waking up and not knowing what I should be embarrassed about who I should apologize to what I said and did or if I even have anything to regret or not. I feel lucky to have not damaged any relationships beyond repair to have never gotten into a car accident to have never suffered life-ruining consequences. On paper I'm doing pretty well actually. But I am 23 and I see so much potential for this problem to get worse and worse. I have struggled with drinking since my freshman year of college and I'm already exhausted of all the shame regret self-hatred and embarrassment that I've brought upon myself with alcohol. ..Today at work everyone was talking about going out together for Halloween. While logically I know that going out on Halloween will most likely lead to lost memories a bad hangover and anxiety over what I might have said or done I felt a wave of discomfort and temptation to drink and join in and bond with my coworkers. All afternoon I felt that discomfort and battle in my head. I walked to the grocery store after work and felt ashamed at how I debated buying some beer or wine to drink while cooking dinner even though I had just resolved to stop drinking yesterday. ..I am overwhelmed by the idea of not drinking for the rest of my life. It's not that I was craving alcohol today necessarily; it was just daunting to think about resisting all those temptations and situations where it would be so easy to drink and potentially even harmless sometimes. So in a way I was feeling an urge to drink just not now but eventually. And every time I have tried to stop drinking before I have felt that way.  Do I really need to stop? Whats the harm if I just enjoy a bottle of wine by myself tonight? No one will know and I can feel happy and carefree and one bottle of wine doesn't even give me that bad of a hangover anymore so really what's the harm? I've had a tough week I want to relax and drink.  Those are the thoughts that I've convinced myself with time and time again that have led to this habit worsening and that could prolong it for so much longer.  ..Today was different though and that makes me very hopeful. Because I finally saw clearly and understood my problem. I knew and could see clearly that drinking a little bit for me will inevitably lead to drinking a lot. Whether that spiral happens in one night or slowly over the course of a year. So I didn't buy alcohol and I went home and got busy cooking a healthy meal. And a few hours later I feel different...the craving passed. And I feel less worried and more hopeful again. There's a timeframe after work where I feel such strong urges to drink be it that night or some time in the future. So getting through that time period will be very important. And reminding myself over and over and over that I truly have nothing to gain from drinking that makes the bad times the loss of memory the embarrassment and shame worth it. ..That said alcohol is everywhere and so much a part of my work family and friends. What is your best advice for keeping up this motivation and not giving in to the  harmless  drink? 
----------immediate responses--------

I so resonate with your story. Ive been listening to This Naked Mind on audio. It helps a lot. Day 3 for me. I will not drink with you today :)
First of all the whole idea of "not drinking the rest of my life" thinking leads nowhere good.  Those of us who've got any real sober time simply wake up in the morning and say "I don't have to drink today.  Just today."..Alcohol lies to us.  We hear that "Just one drink won't hurt" is just one of the many lies.  This is why it's vital that you get some real-life support from AA and possibly counseling.  You'll hear from others who have been exactly where you are and learn the tools that will help you derail the lies that alcohol tells you...I wouldn't have made it past Day 1 if I hadn't taken those same steps.  I lost 20 years of my life trying over and over again to do it on my own because I thought I was smart enough.  I needed help and support and AA and counseling helped me get past the stages where I'd always failed before...You can do this.  
[removed]
[removed]
You are so smart and this is a great time to stop!! I had these same thoughts at 23 but kept drinking because reasons. I'm 28 now and the memory loss and regrets and shame just got worse. I wish with everything in me that I stopped at 23 or just cut back absolutely as much as possible. Congrats and iwndwyt 
