-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9son3p/depression_in_sobriety/

I've been sober for a while now though it still hasn't even been a full year. My life's better than it was in many ways. But I'm still me more myself even. Sobriety is making me more myself. And since I have to live here all the time in myself that makes me want to be a better person for me. ..Lately I've been feeling depression creeping in. I was struggling with depression before drinking was an issue for me so it only makes sense that I found it waiting for me in sobriety though it's not like it went away while I was drinking. I suspect I may be bipolar based on two hypomanic-type episodes I had a few years back and my family history but the doctor I'd been working with didn't want to diagnose me until I'd been sober at least six months. But I'm kind of excited to work on it this time. I want to try going on some antidepressants without immediately counteracting them with alcohol.  This time around I feel more empowered to help myself. ..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

Good for you!  I agree with the plan to see the doctor.  After I was honest with my doctor about my drinking and went to rehab I now have a psychiatrist for my ant-depressant.  At 2 years sober I went for a full psychological evaluation. So there's lots to explore and work on. I can't work on any of my other mental health issues if I'm not sober. Best to you.  
I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 1 after a couple of flat out psychotic manic episodes. Unfortunately antidepressants are notorious for triggering these. And there's a kindling effect where the more episodes you go through the more likely you are to get them. Talk to your doctor about it. Or do a Google search. ADs and BP do not go together for many people.
The entire first year of sobriety fluctuated quite a bit up and down. During the earlier days the peaks and valleys were more extreme. As time passed my mood began to stabilized. Things were still improving around 15-16 months into it. I still have my good and bad days here and there but overall it has been night and day compared to when I was drinking. Daily exercise and meditation have been profoundly valuable tools to help my brain heal.
Yeah I have episodes of major depression. I had been drinking to self medicate and I felt myself slipping further down at the same time my drinking escalated.  I went on antidepressants immediately when I quit and things are just starting to even out for me now...I can't recommend medication and/or talk therapy enough. For me the difference between depressed and not is like night and day. Part of depression can be to doubt your diagnosis so I'm really happy to hear you're pursuing treatment. :)
