-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sp9pl/struggling_a_lot_recently/

It's been about 7 months since I quit drinking (and using stimulants every day); I've had one or two slips in that time but never went beyond the first glass. Lately it's been really rocky. I started my sobriety on my own then found help here then spent some time going to 12-step meetings. But I ended up feeling out of place there and started looking for other options a month or two ago. I've checked out Refuge Recovery and SMART and I find they all offer something but lately I feel bored with sobriety. I find myself missing the ability to just not feel or think anything for a while. I miss the delirium and the nonchalance. The struggle not to give in to urges used to be satisfying like I was conquering something...now it just feels like a chore I'm subjecting myself to. I've made lists of reasons not to drink but all I can hear in my mind right now is "so what?"..Any words of support would mean a lot right now. I feel like deep down I don't want to undo all my hard work but god do I want a drink.
----------immediate responses--------

I worry about feeling this way down the road too.  I've always been fairly good at short term fixes ("I didn't drink for a whole week!  See?  I'm totally in control") but struggle with long term and getting bored.  What about a hobby?  Or can you indulge in something else - like treat yourself to a nice dinner or something you wouldn't normally do?..&amp;#x200B;..Hope you get through this rough patch.  I don't know from experience yet but it seems like you will feel better to make it to day 208 than to start again at day zero.  Good luck!
Honesty is the key. It's not uncommon to feel sobriety hit a plateau and even question what the point of it all is. I've been there too. You're not alone in having these thoughts but you're making the right choice to be open about it...This is only a slump. They happen. But it's not a sign that you've failed sobriety. You're still winning it's just the feelings aren't with you at this moment. Keep faith that if you keep doing the right thing the sense of accomplishment will return...We're with ya!
Thank you for sharing this - - I've never made it far enough to feel that way - - good to know it can happen and I can totally see it.    I hope you can get through it OK.
I think the "so what?" question is why so many of us relapse.  And we miss the numbing sensation that alcohol gives us however temporary.  And the farther we get from day one the less memory we have of how bad things really were.  ..It sounds like you like to have goals.  Maybe think of something you could enjoy that is goal oriented.  Like training for  a long distance running event or earning a certain belt in Taekwondo or learning to draw etc...You've done amazing work.  Keep going forward.
