-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9spgbe/alcoholism_slowly_creeping_back_into_my_life/

So I'm in the midst of going through a divorce (some background in my post history if interested). I struggled with alcoholism years ago but managed to stop drinking for quite some time outside of an occasional couple of beers in social settings. I'm going through a split with my wife and while it's generally amicable I'm starting to lose control again on nights I don't have my kids. I've been hearing a lot of rumors about bullshit she's been up to and I'm not handling it well. I don't want to go down this road again. I don't know why I'm posting this exactly but just getting it off my chest helps a little. 
----------immediate responses--------

It can't get you if you don't take the first drink...A year from now you can post about your journey through hell you're currently in...here's a journaling exercise: write that post a year from now. Write a version where you stay sober and a version where you drink. 
Drinking won't bring them back.  Hang in there okay?
I have found therapy to be really helpful. ..I hope you are able to find something that helps you. 
Feel for you.  Turn that tide back around.  We all know where it leads...&amp;#x200B;
Keep going man! "There is no bad situation alcohol can't make worse"
You can try now or you can try later - whenever you try it's going to be painful. It won't last forever though. The sooner you take whatever steps you need to take the sooner you can get sober and look back on this period and be grateful you aren't still here. 
Get yourself into therapy now...There is usually a waiting list...I think we highly underestimate the amount of trauma a divorce causes...at least I did...It will give you a non-partial person to vent to who can't say anything to anyone.  .If you can't do therapy you can get to a priest...From experience alcohol does NOTHING to improve the situation...I wish you the best please get some help if you need it.  .
Im sorry to hear that. Have you thought about medication assisted recovery like taking naltrexone or antabuse? I'm taking naltrexone which is an opioid blocker and doing "the sinclair method" (TSM). I take one pill one hour before I drink and it blocks the endorphins (reward) that the brain would normally get from alcohol. Over time you drink less and less (because youre no longer getting the reward) and your cravings completely diminish to the point where alcohol is a take-it-or-leave-it thing. PM me if you want any more info!
\&gt;...I'm starting to lose control again on nights I don't have my kids...&amp;#x200B;..Those nights are the WORST.  I wish I could tell you there's an easy solution...&amp;#x200B;..I guess it got a little easier for me when I started dating.  Drinking definitely didn't help though.
When I got divorced I found the best way to not feel so bad on the nights when I didn't have my kids was to keep myself busy.  Things like joining a club or signing up for a class.  You could plan a weekly wing (or food of your choice) night with a friend or maybe a movie night.  It so much easier to stay in control when you are busy.  Good luck.  
Stressful times that you want to escape from are the times when you should avoid drinking most of all...Besides it placing you at a high risk of returning to old habits it will make it much harder for you to get through the things you need to deal with right now.  It will harm your ability to make good decisions and to do the work that needs to be done and it will make your suffering worse too.
I finished a messy divorce about 18 months ago. Looking back on it I know it was an excuse for me to drink; and also that I did the classic drinking at home alone thing which is I filled myself up with resentment and anger and then I said some stupid shit to my ex and let's just say it didn't help the "amicable" thing...So I'd resolve to not drink. Hit the gym hit the trail get outside don't do what I did. I regret so much of that period of my life. At some point I will get to the amends step and I have no idea where to begin on that front.
I'm going through a divorce too and yeah not having the kids around leaves so much free time that I'm not able to fill it all. I've been hitting AA meetings like they're going out of style and found a tabletop game night as a result. It was a hobby I had long before marriage and kids and it's gotten me out the typical nerdy stores and buying a few things. AA this group and getting back in shape have occupied my time which I think has helped me meet new people along the way and hopefully I'll build a new life out of some of this...&amp;#x200B;..Also I deleted facebook which kept me from seeing a lot of stuff that I'm better off not seeing. Hope this helps!
Please god don't drink again. .Go for a walks at night instead. .Alcohol is misery and you and I both know it. .If you want to talk send me a PM. 
Sorry you're going through some emotional trials.  Can you talk to a therapist or close friend instead of drinking?  The best revenge is living well and I know I do my best living without alcohol. 
You have kids so they need there parent to be present and sober. You can do this! Think about what happens after you start drinking. You owe yourself a happy sober life. It gets amazing. You deserve joy and wonder in your life. Real joy. You can get it. Don't pick up the 1st drink. That's it.
Word of advice... however you are hearing these rumors cut those lines of communication. If someone is telling you things ask them to stop. The less you hear about her the better.
FWIW... my husband went through a very painful divorce with his ex. She left him after 16 years for another guy with more money 3 years ago and to this day will not let him in their children's lives. He sends them mail all the time bought them phones they dont answer... his ex has poisoned them against him and she ignores him when he tries to contact her directly. Shes even threatened to call the police on him for "harassment" when he just wants a simple phone call or visit. I just want to say that I understand how difficult it must be to no longer have your children in your life. My husband became an alcoholic after his divorce until he met me and he still cries regularly because he misses them. Just remember that there is a light at the end of the tunnel things will get easier with time. Remember your kids care about you even if you aren't there. Don't blame yourself and don't ruin your life with alcohol it will only make things worse. 
Sending good vibes your way. Stay strong and focus. You don't need the drink. You can do this. IWNDWYT  
You will always feel better when you choose not to drink. Always. ..I'm sorry you're going through a rough time. Don't let her antics get to you.. I imagine that's much easier said than done but over time it will get easier. Maybe she's acting out because she's hurt too (I don't know but I know people who do that)...You can do this...I will not drink with you today. 
I have trouble controlling my drinking and its definitely worse when my husband is out of town and the kids are not home.  Twice I have drank so much I felt suicidal that night and the next day. ..Maybe come up with a plan to not be alone for long stretches at home..&amp;#x200B;
My dad was an alcoholic and it affected me well into adulthood. Children know more than we think. 
Divorce is hell. Been there. There needs to be something that fills the empty time. If you just stay in the darkness you can really go crazy. .Alcohol is the worst possible option. This can be an opportunity to get in shape achieve a long term goal or something else you never had time to do. .Stay sober and focus on your own life. The best can truly be yet to come. .IWNDWYT .
