-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9sr2tl/on_vacation_first_day_of_sobriety/

Two days ago I got drunk by myself and lost in a new city. ..I traveled with my fianc  for his work and I thought to myself "Sweet! Free vacation!"..I've been exploring on my own and finding things to do but the other night I just felt so incredibly lonely. ..I wondered into a bar to just grab one drink and watch the sunset. My feet were killing me and I was going to ask for a recommendation on where to grab dinner. Well one drink turned into  a few and then a couple more with dinner. ..My phone died while at the restaurant so I couldn't order an uber. I started wondering on my own trying to find where I parked my car earlier in the day (not to drive but to charge my phone and call my fianc  to come and get me) but I got lost along the way and stumbled upon a hotel. ..I told someone at the front desk how embarrassed I was but that I was lost phone died and I needed to make it back to my hotel. The person I spoke with was incredibly sweet and charged my phone for me and ordered me an uber. I was too drunk to properly use my phone...I made it back to the hotel and my fianc  was so relieved that I was ok his friend then drove us around while I tried to recall where I had left our car. ..My fianc  was rightfully angry with me the next morning. He tried calling me for hours and hours that night and started thinking the worst might have happened to me. And was so worried about me. He was upset with me for going out and drinking alone. ..I told him yesterday that I want to stop drinking. I have made so many mistakes when I drink. And I don't want to choose alcohol over him. We're still on this trip and I'm sitting in our hotel struggling to not just go downstairs and grab some lunch and a drink at the bar because I'm bored.. .I just needed to let this all out to someone. Help?
----------immediate responses--------

You should be able to Google AA meetings in your city.  That would get you out of the hotel and get you in touch with helpful people who understand what you are going through.  The first time I went to a meeting I had no idea what I was doing or what to expect but it is very easy going.  I just sat and listened and it was helpful.
Great job!
I got sober in my living room.  I wonder what I would have done if I was getting sober in a new city on vacation?  Likely see the sights go exploring find a nice place to sit like by a fountain or in a park go get coffees and lunches and snacks.. stay nicely distracted that's probably what I'd do.  IWNDWYT 
