-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ssxil/its_cliche_to_say_i_never_thought_hed_do_that_to/

About 2 months ago (it's been both a very long and very fast few months bare with me) I found out my sober bf had relapsed. The moment I realized it/found out I felt my world flip upside down for a minute my stomach dropped and I felt scared. However I needed to take care of my very drunk bf so fortunately I came to my senses quickly and reminded myself that I accepted this possibility and many others when I entered into a serious relationship with him. I remembered this is addiction and my bf is the strongest man I've met he will get through this... That night and the next day I found out that he had been drinking almost every day for the past month and a half. I felt stupid and sad and responsible in part for what had happened. We talked a lot and I reminded him that I would always be there for him that WE would get past this. I explained he had broken my trust by relapsing and not telling me and lying to me for so long but that I understand addiction - I knew he felt ashamed and COULDN'T ask for help even if he wanted to. I explained even though I understand that part it is hard to accept that I have no idea what you could be up to on a daily basis as you've shown you can lie to me for this long. He understood and I did my best to not be harsh but also put forth my limits and explain what I could and could not work with. ..We agreed it'd take time and probably more "talks" than either of us would like but we could rebuild that trust. Before I discovered his relapse we had been speaking of/planning our engagement. Basically our whole relationship he's spoken of marriage and told me right off the bat someday he'd make me his wife. But recently he was getting serious. He wanted me to get my finger sized and asked me to book us a cabin in New England for prime time fall foliage viewing - yeah I guessed what was up :) I didn't let on I was hoping this would be it both to be nice to him and also save myself from embarrassment if I was wrong. Eventually we were talking one day and the subject was just too close and I teased him and said I knew what he was up to...He eagerly agreed I was right and asked if I wanted to pick out my own ring though he had one picked already - he wanted me to be happy with it. Fast forward a few weeks or a month or so I am not sure I discover the relapse. After the relapse I'm feeling concerned - should I be jumping into a relationship with an alcoholic who I've only known less than two years? What if I get trapped? And not like when I was 18-23 with my abusive ex like really trapped? What if that happens to me again but this time I've married him? I start to get scared but remind myself he doesn't harm me never has come close... he is a good man and I owe him the promises I've made him about sharing my life with him...So we're about 2-3 weeks out from the trip/engagement and I'm feeling suspicious about a female friend of his. To be honest I always had my concerns about her and was embarrassed for how I had handled myself about it - he was very insistent she was a good friend and would NEVER be more than that. One thing that I didn't like was that he would say "I've never had any platonic female friends. Oh except for 'Jen"". Well then I guess you can have platonic female friends why does Jen need her own category? Anyway my bf was talking to her a LOT more after the relapse. Well this is only fair and to be expected they shared getting sober together (met at AA) I had even encouraged their relationship after the relapse knowing he needed the extra support. ..Anyway I start to get suspicious and one night I go into his phone. He had been emotionally cheating on me for weeks possibly months but he keeps his phone very clean. He was texting her about wishing they were hanging out while he was with me. One night we made pancakes for dinner and he texted her and had a full blown convo about how good pancakes are like I wasn't even there sharing that moment with him. One evening she texted him while I was at work and asked him "hows it going?" he replied "i'm in bed come on down". She told him she couldn't she had work then a meeting to run. He said "damn I thought today might be my lucky day" with a halo emoji...I woke him up immediately yelling and crying. He denied it adamantly and told me I was misreading his words and he would never be interested in her that way he spent hours that night calmly telling me why I was wrong. Th next day I came to my senses and told him it was over but maybe we could work on our trust for the future. He apologized and told me he loved me only me and he wanted me as his wife and no one else. He told me was sorry and we were having so many talks and arguments he thought I was going to leave him and he was scared. He said he never had feelings for her but he thought the possibility that he COULD have feelings for her was there and so he was acting on that. He said he never wanted her but he thought I was leaving...I moved out of our apartment literally the weekend we were meant to spend in NH getting engaged...I don't know how to feel anymore. I don't know what is right and what is wrong to do from here. I am lonely lost and so sad. He broke my heart and hurt my pride by watching me beg and cry over his infidelity. ..I will NOT give him or anyone else the satisfaction of seeing me break my sobriety. If that is the only thing that keeps me from drinking this all away then so be it. I will have ten months sober exactly tomorrow. Thanks so much for letting me share...IWNDWYT ..&amp;#x200B;..TL;DR My sober bf relapsed then began emotionally cheating on me with the one person he promised would never be a problem. He eventually attempted to physically cheat on me and I found out. I moved out of our apartment the weekend we were supposed to get engaged. I will be ten months sober tomorrow and I'm not letting him break me or take my sobriety away from me.
----------immediate responses--------

Sorry to anyone who viewed the original post before my edits... I messed up not only the day of my sobriety but did the math wrong. I am sober 9 months today. I'll have to make another post celebrating 10 months. Hopefully I will be more at peace in a month. Thanks again to anyone who read it means a lot.
Sorry to hear about your difficult relationship situation. You are very strong to keep on the sober path. Good for you. Keep it going. IWNDWYT
I think that you are very wise and very strong. Keep on protecting your sobriety. I am sorry that things are so rough now. 
The situation between your bf and his "friend" would concern me too.  Since it is bothering you so much I think it is very wise of you to go with your gut feelings and distance yourself from him.  You have yourself and your sobriety to protect.  I think it's great that you are putting that first.  Take care.  IWNDWYT.
I want to say a lot of things about integrity right now.  But I won't except to ask you if you'd like your potential life partner to have it or not.  This sounds like a situation of being saved by the proverbial bell.  I wish you all the happiness you can get out this sober life.. I'm right there with you.  I won't be drinking with you today instead let's live our brighter futures with dignity grace and peace of mind.  IWNDWYT 
Pretty much this exact situation down to a t happened to me. Peep my posts if you want. You are not alone and deserve better than someone who lies cheats on and betrays you. Getting out now saves you from a lifetime of hurt.
