-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9t4xoz/made_it_through_sober_october/

And feel great! This has been a tough year and I reached a point where I knew I was either going to keep drinking and really start fucking up my life or stop drinking and learn to be myself. Meditation helps a lot...Now I'm looking forward to another month which I've dubbed Remember November. I'm tracking in my journal and adding other good habits along with no booze (daily walks intermittent fasting). ..I've struggled for a long time had stretches of sobriety but always returned. I'm so happy to be at a point where I'm content and frankly kind of excited with the prospect of not having alcohol in my life. It's a huge weight lifted...Keep on keepin' on I'm rooting for you!   
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations and good luck to a November you'll actually remember! Last year at this time I was really struggling. I know you can do it! 
Congratulations on October! IWNDWYT 
Make sure to eat right and have no fear spending some beer money on something good at the grocery store. Discover a new hobby. Learn to wake up earlier and exercise.
Nice work!
Fantastic!!! You got this!
Excellent!..And love that:  Remember November...My new goal!
Keep it up! It only gets better!
&gt;I'm so happy to be at a point where I'm content and frankly kind of excited with the prospect of not having alcohol in my life. ..This is a great statement. Being excited about being sober is the turning point for me. The hump I had to get over. I just never put it into words. Thanks!..LOVE Remember November!..Happy to stay sober with you today! Peace.
Holy crap. I almost forgot about staying sober as I've been so busy...I survived Sober October as well!..:D
Thanks for posting this gives myself and others hope to follow your example   day 2 again ...
Remember November I like it! IWNDWYT
Same here. Congratulations and hope you keep going. 
Same. You're right it's been a really hard year! Wow. This is the good side of it. 
