-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9t9wd9/forced_fun_workplace_happy_hours/

Two days ago my boss announced that we were shutting down a half hour early to meet at a local pub for some drinks and comraderie.... (smh)..It was one of the more difficult scenarios I have faced. The trouble was these were my coworkers people with whom I do not discuss personal struggles particularly alcohol dependence issues. So when everyone was done discussing and ordering their crafty and personalized drinks the waitress turns to me and says  and what can I get for you?    A seltzer with lime please  I said and the interrogation immediately ensued. ..What the fuck kind of drink is that?.Are you sick?.Did you forget your wallet?.Come on have a beer?.Surely you'll do a shot with us?.Etc...It's difficult to change your people places and practices when sometimes they are rather unavoidable. ..I made it through this trying moment but I have to say that this early in this part of my recovery dealing with forced fun situations with colleagues was a bit of a kick to the gut. My lying ass alchy brain was so happy to hear the news that I had a perfectly legitimate excuse to drink. Except my friends here in SD reminded me once again why those thoughts were just that lies. ..I'm glad I did not drink with you that night and I will not drink with you today.
----------immediate responses--------

Hey right on making it through!  Not too far into my experience quitting I had an interview at a bar.  My future boss tried ordering a shot of vodka to put into my NA beverage.  Just half of it or so because it would be  diluted  and it  wouldn't count .   Riiiight.  Well congratulations on just about 3 weeks!  Way to go.. hang in there it gets easier.  
At some point don't give a fuck comes into play. "Can I tell you about how I have taken Jesus Christ to be my savior.  Come let us pray"  That shuts them up. If it doesn't see if they are willing to contribute to your upcoming mission to New Guinea..or try "I've got to meet my parole officer in half an hour she has a second job as a dominatrix and interesting ways of extracting bodily fluids for drug and alcohol testing so I'd rather not smell like booze."..The trick is to plant the seeds for rumors that are so over the top you can feel people keeping their distance and not inviting you to such events. 
I guess I've been lucky enough to never run into that but I've always had "I've gotta keep the diabetes in check" in my back pocket. I'm not diabetic.
I always struggled with those. And sooo many people hassle you if you don't drink I've seen personally.  And it isn't just  the real drunks  who hassle often enough just innocent people...I was at a work happy hour once and a friend whose husband was on house arrest for a second dui hassled another female co-worker so much  why? Not ever?!   - and the other gal who is super religious said the truth her parents told her not to so she never did.   Neither women had a problem but still the hassling. ..Glad you got through it - too often I just caved under the peer pressure.
Congrats on resisting in a really tough situation. ..Im wondering how big your employer is.  If it has an HR dept this might be something that you could ask for their help in.  Not making a complaint or explaining why you don't drink  but asking them to educate your boss about enabling supportive work environments.  Going to  pub for a "required" work interaction maybe OK (although not great) but allowing an expectation that everyone drink is not. ..&amp;#x200B;
I feel you. My workplace is having a bar night next week to celebrate my old boss getting a promotion.  I haven't decided if I'll go or not. I'm not looking forward to it. 
I have been in this similar situation many times in the past 7 months. I'll order a kombucha if they have one (I know this isn't okay for everyone) or off the mocktail menu if they have one or just a seltzer and lime if they have one and just say  this is my favorite . Once because I knew I was out w a jerk who I had seen hassle people in the past I went to h bathroom when it was time to order and hit the bar on the ya back to pick up my seltzer...This my approach at work socially I am a little more DNGAF. 
Here's my go-to white-lie: say you got some bloodwork done at a doctors appointment and your liver enzymes were too high.  If they press for details it's the ALT and AST that were elevated and it may mean liver damage.  Don't worry about the lie because if you're an alcoholic long enough they'll probably become elevated anyway.
I have been through this and here's my advice. ..You don't have to tell them anything. or you can lie. Say whatever you want in the moment that works for you. My favorite is  just don't feel like it today.  Not a lie and very vague...Skipping the ordering moment is helpful. It's less on the spot everyone watching. You can either duck out and order at the bar show up a few minutes late etc...One thing though - I want to make sure this was truly mandatory. My work has happy hour type events and I go late and leave early if I go at all. That usually shows I'm supporting everyone get a few minutes of face time then I'm out. ..I'm sorry people were annoying. It WILL get better. You'll feel more sure of yourself and you'll get more practice. Keep it up but protect your sobriety as much as you can too. 
Well.......I want to scream from the rooftops that drinkers don't own happy hour! I can go to a bar or restaurant and socialize and eat delicious food and a fun mocktail in a festive setting and unwind from the day just like someone who is having a beer.  Got shamed last night for not ordering a drink (what? why aren't you drinking c'mon order a drink!) then the colleague I was with refused to drink alone and changed their order. Awkward. Order whatever the hell you want and I'll do the same.  Their problem not mine :)
How I reply in this scenario: .."Dude trust me I've had plenty to drink in my life time. I'm good." ..If they persist: .."Haha. Believe me in that I can out drink you any night. Seriously though I'm good. I am not drinking." ..What this does is makes them realize that you're a professional drinker who is choosing not to drink. As opposed to an amateur who doesnt want to enter the world of drinking. This makes it less likely they will make a big deal out of it because in stating your relationship with alcohol they feel less guilty about consuming the substance by themselves.
