-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tbcp5/struggles_with_motivation_to_do_mundane_things/

Does anyone else experience this while sober? Maybe it's just because I'm in the early stages. Before getting sober I would often reward myself for doing chores or work with a beer. It made the mundane task more enjoyable and was like a compromise for my brain  ok you can have a beer while you do this thing.  This weekend I failed to do meal prep (so the ingredients are just sitting in my fridge) I put off doing laundry for an extra 3 days and my kitchen is pretty filthy but I don't want to clean it. It's been hard to motivate at work too knowing I can't kick back with a beer or glass (bottle) of wine in the evening...I feel like the reward centers in my brain are just cross-crossed and intertwined with alcohol. Any other simple easy things I can reward myself with? I don't really like candy or sugary stuff and every activity-based reward (exercise reading a book etc) seems like either extra work or something I'd do in my free time anyway.
----------immediate responses--------

I don't have any advice just here to let you know that this is my number one problem quitting. I could have written your post word for word myself. It really sucks. I'm sorry you are experiencing it too.
I now look at chores as a a chance to immerse in an activity that takes time away from wanting booze. I methodically so thee dumb task laundry dishes putting on make up cleaning cat litter; whatever but I say for this amount of time you are focused on something that is not booze. And that's great. That doesn't sound like much of a reward. But when you look at your sink and it stays clean and you look at your closet and you know where your matching socks are that feels like a different kind of reward. Just the way I've been thinking of it and it helps. Good luck! IWNDWYT!!!
Definitely. It wasn't until I quit when I realized I had really severe ADHD. After about a year of really struggling to get anything done in sobriety I talked to my doctor. He said my alcoholism could have been in part self-medicating for my condition. Alcohol is great for numbing out stimuli. Have you ever found that you had laser-focus after a few drinks? You might be in the same boat. I ended up being prescribed a non-stimulant medication (drugs like Adderall make me thirsty for booze and really irritable) and started mindfulness meditation. Both have had a HUGE impact in my daily productivity.
I listen to new music or standup comedy on spotify while doing chores.  If those aren't your thing maybe podcasts or audio books etc.  Listening to standup while doing chores makes them fly by. 
Wow I really sympathize. I am a huge fan of sugary treats but when I'm trying to be "the best" (no smoking healthy food only exercising which as great as it is for me I could never see as a reward) I usually turn to pampering myself. I like doing face masks taking warm epsom salt baths lighting scented candles turning on some chill music and just relaxing after I've done things...Also hate to parrot something everyone says but if you make a check list with the little boxes next to the things you need to get done it's really rewarding to check off those boxes. I'm guilty of breaking my mundane tasks up just so I can get more check marks ;)..And if your brain isn't wired like mine I think allowing relaxation and downtime to be your rewards are your best bet. This is a little extreme but in high school I took a lot of high pressure courses with tons of homework and my reward for finishing what was reasonable that night was to allow myself to watch one episode of the X Files (two if I worked my ass off or wanted to treat myself). That mentality of "I work until I am allowed to reward myself" made the "reward" a lot more relaxing which actually helped me sleep better at night...Sorry if I made this all about me but I struggled with this even before I started drinking two years ago! And I guess I am putting off folding laundry by browsing reddit so oops.
Just feel it. It won't last forever. It's a normal part of the process. I finally got motivation to refinish some furniture at about 3 weeks although the house was a mess but it was what I needed to do to jump start my brain. I've slowly tackled other areas of my house while tackling life sober. And the calamity is starting to match the serenity...Hang in there my friend!..IWNDWYT    
This is exactly my problem also!  I'm not sure if I'm much help as I'm only a few days in  aaaand my kitchen and bathroom are a complete mess and my dogs are overdue for a bath....but I've just tried to tell myself if I don't drink my day is considered a success period.  Regardless of any other todo list tasks or  obligations  I did or didn't do.  This is my largest priority and everything else just has to line up behind it and I'll get to it when I get to it.  
I am having that kind of day now so here I am reading posts.   The only thing that I found that works is doing it.  Just get up and move.   I am going to go take my dog for a walk now then I will come back and make dinner for my 16yr old daughter and I.   I was a stay at home mom who thought I could sip on wine all day and be prepared for my family at night.  Never worked out very good.   I did find something else to drink....hot tea....bubbly water with lime then make drinking that a habit.    Get up and do it!!   One step at a time my friend.     Here I go.............
Are we all actually ADHD? Or did the booze make us so? Chicken or egg?  
I had that in early days too. Read a lot here about people who sober up and finally start getting their homes cleaned and organized cooking up a storm etc but sobering up slowed me way down on those things. I loved drinking and doing chores and especially loved to drink while cooking. I just wrote in "What's Up Wednesday" about how I'm only recently able to enjoy cooking again because it was so intimately linked with drinking for me. ..Maybe figure out a small gift to get yourself each week? With all the money saved you could probably buy yourself some little treats. Good luck.
I understand this. Don't like it but understand it. I skip workouts meal planning then eat junk I put off hanging with friends or responding to someone I'm attracted to... It's like my drive is weak.  What I'm telling myself is I'm putting some willpower into staying sober and while I'm not as efficient or outgoing as I want to be I'm much better off sober than drunk. I'm hoping this is just a phase or that I'll eventually snap out of it and get myself into gear when I want it enough. But until then I'm congratulating myself that at least I'm choosing to stay sober it could be so much worse.
I used to go to a laundromat that was blessed by a Buddhist monk and it had quotes from him on the walls. I'll always remember one said something to the effect of  when you come to the laundromat don't focus on how dirty your clothes are focus on how clean they will be when you leave  that always stuck with me. It's like I feel happy and uplifted when I think about the space being clean which is a lot more motivating than focusing on the stressful mess ya know? 
