-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9th0we/one_year_check_in_and_random_thoughts/

Halloween of 2017 was my last drink. As much as I never thought I would make it to this day and as much as some weeks along the way dragged on this first 365 days of sobriety has flown by. For reference if it helps anyone 27 y/o F and this is my first genuine try at sobriety but many half assed attempts at "cutting back" or "moderating" prior to. ..&amp;#x200B;..At my AA meeting tonight ( I only go occasionally so  I don't credit my success to it) the topic was about "resting on your laurels" or getting complacent. A great anecdote was shared that I thought I'd pass along here.... ..Sobriety is like trying to walk up a down escalator. If you do nothing you're going to go down pretty fast. If you put in a little bit of effort you'll stay right where you are no better no worse. In order to really move up/ahead you have to put in  a significant effort to fight the downward forces. Not just in sobriety but in life in general any time we stop putting forward our maximum effort we are in danger of stagnating or even backsliding. ..&amp;#x200B;..This topic led me also to thinking about how I have been able to maintain my sobriety thus far. Ultimately what I think it has come down to is this: when I was drinking I was essentially complacent with my misery. I woke up unhappy struggled through the day until I could start drinking drank until I fell asleep and woke up even more miserable. Rinse repeat. I still had a job still had my friends and husband by all accounts I was functioning pretty well but my mental health had hit rock bottom. Integral to my recovery was creating a life that I wanted to be sober for. Honestly in the beginning this started with video games. I couldn't make progress wasted and even if I did I would be pissed if I had blacked out and forgot plot progression. Then the holidays came. Then I went back to school. Then took on more tasks at work. Then I joined a gym. Then I started planning summer vacations then a trip to Paris. Then planning a move back to my family. Dinners with friends dates with my husband phone calls to my mother SO MANY VIDEO GAMES so many TV shows I had watched drunk and didn't remember. Gradually my zest for life returned and instead of missing out on drinking I would be missing out on my life if I was to return to drinking. ..&amp;#x200B;..I just want to hopefully give a bit of hope and encouragement to anyone who is thinking about getting sober or is in their early days or maybe has plenty of days but needs a boost. You can do it it is worth it you are strong enough life is good if we let it be. IWNDWYT
----------immediate responses--------

I need some zest right now. It is encouraging to think that you found yours. 
Congratulations on your year!!! I like the escalator analogy.
Congratulations on your 1 year sober birthday!!!     woohoo!!!  
Congratulations on your 1 year!  I can totally relate to your point about playing video games drunk and forgetting plot lines for shows.  I told myself no more I'm done wasting time wasting away so I'm rediscovering and embracing the things that bring me joy even if they're quirky little things - they're MY quirky little things that make me happy.  I'm slowly beginning to build a life I like right now and it's looking surprisingly awesomely good...Thanks for sharing your insights and what an analogy!..IWNDWYT!!  :) :)
Thank you for sharing. Congrats on a year. Your outlook on life is inspiring for me!.
