-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tq9fz/lot_of_struggle_after_11_months/

It's been just over 11 months since i stopped drinking. And today for some reason I'm having a really really hard time. I'm not on the verge of going out and having a drink or anything like that - but just having a hard time being in my own skin. I watched Gone Baby Gone and (small spoiler alert) the scene where the uncle breaks his 23 sobriety and takes a shot really got to me. It's been a huge struggle lately both dealing with not drinking but also dealing with the shit that I keep remembering and reliving that I did when i did use to drink. It's tough to digest and be okay with myself. I found myself staying in more and more and more. I learned to enjoy being out and enjoying myself without drinking but lately that scene of going out just has too many triggers. Grateful to be able to vent on here. Power to all of you. 
----------immediate responses--------

Thanks for sharing.  Sorry to hear about the tough times recently but congrats on 11 months.  Stay strong and I will not drink with you tonight.  
I have times too when I reflect on the past bad times and feel like ive let myself down.  I feel like ive shortchanged myself on life in some ways.  And feel bad about how i treated others...On the flip side though as a lot of people here encourage i think youve got to look at it as a new start.  Whats done is done you cant go back and change it.  Better to make the best of now and the future...Its for the better.  Youre better im better.  We need to learn to appreciate it and enjoy it...IWNDWYT 
Wow 11 months!! Congratulations. That's amazing and so inspiring! I'm on day 2 and you give me hope. All I can offer is everything has its ups and downs but in the end I always feel better when I persevere. And I mean that in regards to anything completing an annoying errand exercising following through with a plan. Anyway that's what I keep telling myself right now because every hour since I've gotten off work has been hard. .You inspire me! You can get through this time like you have the others. :)
Approaching a year was a difficult tinme for me. Once past the milestone things got easier. Hang in there!
