-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tqgv7/the_one_year_facebook_post/

Hey SD! Been a minute since I've been here. Been out busy trying to enjoy life...&amp;#x200B;..Another user posted a celebratory one year facebook post of their cease of the beast. It really affected me and made me think about those introspective topics you naturally fall on after some of the internal struggles of stopping drinking quiet down a notch. Things like whether or not I want everyone to know about my achievement. Should I be embarrassed I had to stop at all? Should I worry about what employers may think of a post like this? How honest should I be? What will my friends and family who don't already know think?..&amp;#x200B;..Well. Screw em. I posted it. I'm proud. I'm fighting. I'm winning. Here's the letter below. Hopefully some of you will get a chance to make a public note or something of the essence like this. Its not for everyone but the feedback I've gotten is so heartwarming already. (i've got a bit of a potty mouth when I'm writing something I care about be warned)...&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..\[begin.\]..&amp;#x200B;..Happy Halloween!..Just wanted to let everyone know that today marks the 1-year of not drinking. It was important to me to get something up for people close to me to read for a couple different reasons.  .1. People don't talk about it enough.  .2. I'm proud.  .3. It makes it realer...My poison was light beer. The sight of a trashcan filled with orange woodland camo Busch Lights would be a little troublesome you've never really embraced the human trash lifestyle at some point in your life. I was completely ignoring what my body was yelling at me for...This isn't quite the same as the handle of vodka pulls you see from shows like Intervention but it actually has a similar effect on you. I would sleep like shit snoring away because I typically smoked cigarettes when I drank my face would become puffy and inflamed I'd be another fraction of a pound heavier and my anxiety would climb. The biggest effect of the booze was the fact that somewhere in my brain I knew that I was hiding it. That shame and guilt bulldozed my confidence and self-esteem. I didn't want anyone to know what I was doing. Drinking is the most stress free fun social thing you can do and you're only a good human if you drink with people every once in a while! But hangovers are for losers. And I was hungover. And a loser I was. So it goes...Lol like peeps didn't know...This is my one year. I lost 20 lbs right quick in the first month and a half or so. Lost another 20 lbs or so since. Slow going when you replace a twelve pack with a package of Oreos. My energy levels shot back up. I started taking care of myself a little bit. Got a thyroid deficiency taken care of. I stopped dreading work because I was worried everyone would find out I was drinking. I got promoted. I moved across the country following a better opportunity. I have more time for my wife. I have more energy for my dog. I walk more places. I cook more. I watch more movies. I fit in my clothes. I look in mirrors occasionally. I smile more. I laugh genuinely...Wouldn't have done that (or wouldn't have handled it well) if I was still carrying around that backpack full of cinder blocks like I was for all of those years...Here we are. I'm going to keep not drinking. I've thought about having a glass of nice whisky with a nice dinner or on my birthday but I know that there's a piece of my brain that is a little rat piece of shit and is laughably bad at moderation. Player 1 loses that game every time which is why I don't even want a drink at this point. This is near universal for people with this problem. I am a totally new person. But at the same time I feel exactly the same...What changed the most significantly is how easy life feels sometimes now. Not only is the harder shit easier the easy shit is easier too. I still get anxious I still eat a bunch of garbage sometimes I still have some unhealthy habits here and there  but I can do stuff now. That's not to say I feel any more equipped or feel like some sort of superhuman. Rather things just kind of seem to get done...No it didn't solve every problem in my life...Yes it made them all regular mundane problems; not insurmountable herculean challenges...To be honest I don't miss it. It's not a big deal not drinking at a bar. It's fine to chill with your buddies and have a la croix. It's ok to have a non-alcoholic beer (yes I do occasionally buy these because it still tastes like that conditioned relaxation I'm used to). I'm not telling YOU that it's easy I'm just reminding myself that when one actually does it the day to day is not that hard...Conclusion Paragraph: You in particular don't necessarily need to stop drinking. I don't care what you do and to be honest most of the world doesn't care either. The lesson I'm taking from this is a little more general. Be honest with yourself. I wasted years of my life passively plotting a lifting regimen but only executing once a week. Considering something like the keto diet but saying fuck it because in the back of my mind I knew long term the carb drop necessary by quitting the sauce probably wasn't in the cards. I was worried I was going to lose who I am. In the swirling mire of some sort of addiction and the underlying causes behind it I believed alcohol was the reason people liked me. I knew what was causing my anxiety and health problems. I just got good at dodging it. It may not be drinking it may be certain foods activities even a person in your life. Whatever...Do what you want but make sure you're only doing what you want. I hope that makes sense...ttyl  .LightsaberLocksmith..&amp;#x200B;..&amp;#x200B;..\[end.\]
----------immediate responses--------

Congratulations on Your Sober Solar Circumnavigation!
Congrats!!! Great post. Thanks for sharing. I do fantasize about posting on social media some day as well. I'm so glad your life is happier and healthier now :) 
I love this so much. Congratulations to you and keep on being an awesome human being. 
Bravo on your 370 days!!! Woo Hoo!
You a real one. I like that honesty. Very inspiring.
