-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tt4xl/sober_dating/

One of the things I've been struggling with while not drinking is dating - every single relationship I've had has started (and continued) with being drunk. To the point where I have literally no idea how to pull/go on a date without alcohol involved. Anyway last night an actual miracle happened - I went out to a gig (sober) and managed to actually get a guys number!! And he wants to meet up in daylight! This may not seem like a big deal but I have been sober for around 6 months and not had a single date or anything in that time. I'm also extremely proud of myself because drunk me would have thrown herself at him probably had sex with him and never seen him again barely even remembered that sex and definitely wouldn't have been able to hold an actual conversation that made sense long enough to get his number. But I remember everything didn't make too much of an actual twat of myself and no sloppy gross drunk sex where I forget to use protection for me! Woo!! So in case anyone else is struggling with dating sober it is actually possible to pull. And who knows what happens next ;) Iwndwyt...BTW I'm a girl in late 20s for context. Yes girls can struggle to pull too.
----------immediate responses--------

Dating is something beautiful getting to know other persons the whole excitement. Yet it can seem like a hostile situation where one would want to drink. But in reality we must remember that it is something great part of life's biggest win: love. Don't waste it being drunk.....Also congratulations on making it through and much love to you &lt;3 
Thanks for sharing and happy to hear your date went well.  This is a bridge I'll have to cross eventually. I guess I'm mostly not looking forward to feeling like I need to explain why I'm not ordering alcohol.  Have only told one person close to me that I'm stopping so far.  Hopefully telling people I don't drink gets easier.
I just recently had a similar great experience! (I actually just posted about it not too long ago)! Seriously what a positive difference! Good for us! (And I'm a 37 year old gay man for clarification  )
Good luck. Please be safe. 
..Coffee....Coffee first dates are the best thing that's happened to sober dating since..  dating...Like a first "drinks" date I can make it as short or as long as you like.  And it involves talking.  Lots if talking...These are good things...And frankly...  if the other person can't handle the situation *without* alcohol? Then maybe that person isn't for me.
