-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9tysn3/roommate_just_relapsed_again/

Could use some advice. I got out of treatment in July and as a suggestion from my sponsor and others I got a roommate who is in the program so I didn't have to live alone (dangerous for me at the time). The only condition for him living with me besides paying rent was that he stay sober and not bring alcohol into the house. ..He's been drunk for 3 days and I'm pretty sure hasn't been showing up to his job. He doesn't know that I know yet I think he has convinced himself that I can't tell but I can. This is his second relapse in 3 weeks. I feel like a piece of shit but I think i need to give him the boot. I can't have him jeopardizing my sobriety like this. ..To make matters worse I'm leaving on a business trip for 5 days tomorrow morning and he was going to watch my dog for me. ..I just called the local dog boarding place and reserved a spot for my pup now I'm sitting in a chipotle dreading going home to confront him. Any advice or support is appreciated!
----------immediate responses--------

Definitely a difficult situation to be in. (I've been in a similar situation only I was the one that needed to leave due to roommate's issues) I would just be honest and up front about how you feel about it and how it jeopardizes your sobriety. You gotta look out for numero uno. 
You're already handling it so well. You've given it thought. Figured out what's best for you and your pup. And it seems like you're about to take action with (honestly) the best way to help your roommate. I think you're doing really great! And now I want chipotle. 
You're in a tough spot. My doc once told me  one cannot give what one doesn't have'. (He gave me the Latin version of it but I digress.)..You need your health and sobriety before you can help anyone else with theirs. This was the very reason you got a room mate. I wouldn't jeopardize my sobriety. ..Good luck with your decision.
