-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u1qik/i_did_it_i_did_it/

I'm stopping drinking and smoking at the same time. I'm on a mission to improve my life and my health...Last night I went to a Halloween party. I was super scared about giving in and drinking. I even went to a club where all my friends got really really fucked up. But I said no to cigarettes and drinks multiple times. ..Which just made me see what drinking really truly is: People getting fucked up for escapism. I might talk to them about some of the things they did cause I am really scared for them but ultimately I know I can't stop them...I feel rough but only cause I've had a few hours sleep. I'm so intensely proud of myself. For me I was unable to quit immediately despite wanting to. It took many attempts and failures to do one night. I know it might take some more time and mistakes too to stay completely sober. I'm excited to learn more about how my head works...IWNDWYT. Much love. If you're struggling just keep focus and keep trying different methods. Much love   
----------immediate responses--------

Good work! 
Welco.e! You can do this  . I will not drink with you today!
Good for you it's a big step to take the plunge and put yourself in challenging situations socially. If you are going to talk to your friends about their behaviour keep in mind that you don't come across as preachy or judgemental because noone likes being told how they acted when drunk IWNDWYT  
You're right to be proud!! Congratulations. I will not drink with you today! 
Congrats! I too hung out sober with a bunch of friends last night and it was an experience watching them shift from themselves to the slurred happy fun monsters that we all used to be. Feeling proud for not drinking and also empowered. The strangest thing is that I honestly didn't have a desire to drink after I witnessed what booze does in such a short time. This is a HUGE revelation coming from me- I was a  day drinking pro  that could party into the night! Knowing what I know now I was probably just a sloppy gross mess in a sundress   Rants over. Congrats again! IWNDWYT 
Yeah ya did! Nicely done.
Good work brother! It took me 5 months tobacco free before I could take on sobriety. Proud of you! 
