-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u6t04/attempting_sobriety_for_the_second_time_1_week_in/

I'm 22 and I've always had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol. I had my first drink at 12 took any chance I could to get drunk throughout my teens (although those chances were rare) and as soon as I turned 21 in 2017 I went off the deep end. I also have bipolar disorder and I was on medication that year which kept my drinking at least a little bit controlled because I feared the drug interactions but then I lost my health insurance and couldn't get my meds anymore so I dove straight into self-medicating with a bottle or 2 of wine almost every night...This past year wine stopped getting me as drunk as I wanted it to so I switched to liquor. I get off work around 2:00 or 3:00 PM everyday and I would come home and start drinking almost immediately most days. I showed up at work drunk several times (I don't drive nor do I operate machinery at my workplace.... still bad but I wasn't putting anyone else in danger) and hungover many many more times. More times than I can count. About a month and a half ago I walked into work at 6:00 AM wasted and sobbing and had to ask my supervisor to log into our systems for me because I couldn't remember the password I had had for 3.5 years. If I passed out without finishing my drink I'd wake up and immediately finish it before getting ready for work. I couldn't walk away from an unfinished drink. ..The past two months (September-October) I was in a really really horrible bipolar mixed episode and I was hallucinating and delusional. I thought my brain had been taken over by something else that was screaming at me to kill myself and that if I tried to tell anyone (including my boyfriend) about it to get myself help it would physically harm me. The only way I could silence it was by self harming or drinking. So I did both. Obviously that just made it all worse. ..My drinking was already a point of friction between me and my boyfriend of 4 years. When I showed up at his house with over 80 self harm wounds he poured out all of my alcohol there and told me he wasn't going to allow me to keep any at his house any longer. In the past we've argued over my drinking and one of our main issues was the fact that I struggle with speaking my emotions out loud unless I drank. I would get drunk and tell him how I was feeling and he would get upset because I would become a sobbing volatile mess and because I wouldn't tell him those things sober. But he still drove me to buy liquor when I was going back to my house for the weekend so any sobriety I maintained at his house would be wrecked by the weekend...The combination of my drinking and the mixed episode I was in pushed him to a breaking point and he broke up with me on October 15th. He has bipolar also and it was making him dangerously depressed. I said "I love you" and he said "I love you too that's why this sucks." He also said "I don't think you're going to get help unless you're forced to" and said he still wants me in his life. I asked if there's any chance if I get better that he'll take me back and he said "I don't know maybe." I went home and drank until I blacked out still wearing my work clothes woke up an hour late for work and then when I showed up at my workplace I was in full-blown acute psychosis. I was hallucinating I was completely incoherent and I barely knew where I was. My workplace called my family who picked me up and took me to the ER. I spent 3 days in the ICU for acute psychosis plus I had apparently stopped eating and sleeping for days beforehand and I was dehydrated from drinking almost nothing but alcohol...I got back on meds in the hospital and it brought me back to reality. I have my mind back now. I'm not great but I'm stable. I stopped drinking after the hospital for two weeks and then I went to a Halloween party where I was sure I would be fine with 1 or 2 drinks. I ended up drinking 3 jello shots and 3 beers ended up at a sleazy bar afterwards and had a long island iced tea came home to my kitchen and drank half a bottle of Jack Daniels passed out around 6 AM and then woke up at 9 AM and drank half a bottle of old wine that had been sitting in my room for months. I really thought I'd be fine just drinking in moderation and only drinking socially but that made me realize I can't do that. I can't touch alcohol at all anymore at least not for a long long time until I address the issues that led me to drinking in the first place...So now I'm back on my original meds plus my psychiatrist added Naltrexone and I've been sober for 1 week since the Halloween party. I have an appointment with a therapist soon. I'm considering trying an AA meeting but I would have to hide it from my family and I'm not religious at all so I'm unsure how comfortable I would be there. I'm also seeing my ex-boyfriend on Tuesday to exchange the things we left at each other's house and we're going to have a talk. I'm going to ask him for a second chance. I do feel better now even with the relapse last weekend. I've been told there's a visible difference in me and that I clearly seem to be much healthier mentally and physically. I'm willing to do whatever I can to maintain this and continue improving and I want to be able to show my ex that I can change. 
----------immediate responses--------

AA won't judge you for not being religious and you are free to pray/hope to what you consider to be a higher power.  Sometimes showing up is half the battle we wish you the best.
I'm an atheist and AA saved my life. It's help me learn to focus my concern on the things I have influence over but understand outcomes are not up to me.  Only my actions and attitudes.  I used to drink because I was upset about the world.  I have new focus and serenity.  Voile No need to drink.  ..If you are interested in learning more about AA the official website is AA.org.  Here's an introductory pamphlet... https://www.aa.org/assets/en_US/p-1_thisisaa1.pdf
In addition to therapy I really think you'd enjoy a "young people" AA meeting. I was blown away to see kids like me with nose rings tattoos etc with stories just like mine. It made me feel so much less alone and less guilty weak etc. ..Why wouldn't your parents want you to go AA? Anyway just lie to your parents if you have to your sobriety is worth it. 
