-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9u8tkc/need_to_vent/

I'm coming up on 8 months sober. This is the longest I've ever gone without drinking since before college. I've made a lot of progress in growing as a person. But I feel like I've hit a plateau. I haven't lost any weight even though I go to the gym or walk every single day. In October I did yoga every single day. I've been going to therapy for a few months which has helped. I recently started taking lexapro to help with my depression. ..But the last week or so I've felt really low. My SO broke up with me about three weeks ago after five years together. I stayed sober through that just because of the benefits I've seen taking lexapro. But the last week or so I haven't felt a lot of those benefits I've been feeling. So it's been hard to talk myself out of relapsing. So far I haven't but if the meds aren't helping then what's the point of abstaining anymore? Why am I busting my ass so hard to be better and fitter and happier if I'm still fucking miserable? ..I have been making time to hang out with friends but I spend a lot of time alone. ..If anyone else has gone through something similar please give some advice. I spent most of this weekend sleeping or laying on my couch like the pathetic depressed piece of shit I am. 
----------immediate responses--------

You're not pathetic or a piece of shit. I have found my life is a lot easier after putting some work into not saying things like that anymore. You have a lot of sober time under your belt and you should be proud of that. I'll be pumped when I have that kind of time!
There are plateaus in sobriety.  I'd be riding high for a few months  then level off. I looked at it like climbing a mountain. I did a lot of work  but I also needed to rest and take a look at where I came from and enjoy the view for a little while.  Then I'd get remotivated to go to the next level. ..I would encourage you to see what you have accomplished so far  sounds like you were doing great work.  Is it worth chucking it all after all that?  Using isn't going to make it better or easier. You may be feeling miserable now but you sometimes need time to let yourself breathe and see where the path is going.  It will get better again. Keep up the great work. 
We are humans. We are going to have times where we are happy and times where we are lying on the couch feeling like depressed pieces of shit. ..Drinking makes us think that we are entitled to a life of Happy Fun Time. But we aren't. People are going to dump us we will feel down sometimes even though we are on meds and we just have to deal with it. ..When I feel like i'm in that rut I try to do something big to heave myself out of it. Not drink - that's unimaginative and tiny. Something like take myself away for the weekend to a mountain and go hiking. Something that puts me in mental and physical anguish (temporarily) so that all I can think about is finishing that task ahead of me. But then at the end there is an amazing view and sense of accomplishment. ..Maybe that's a new class at the gym. Or taking up the guitar (my fingers were in complete physical anguish when I tried that) or training for a race of some sort or going to the rock climbing gym. Just something. ..When I feel like that I picture myself as a boat at slack tide - when it's not coming in or going out it's just sitting there. The sitting there is necessary in order for the tide to change. And it always does. 
[removed]
I'm no doctor but if the Lexapro is not working stop taking it...You're newly sober you're not sure what to do with your emotions because you've been drinking them away. ..We want an easy escape maybe a pill will help but what we really need a change in perspective we need purpose. ..I have a year and 6 months and am just now beginning to understand emotional sobriety I've been where you are chemicals are bandaids temporary fixes they aren't addressing the issues in your life that are weighing you down...It's time to make amends reach out to family help other recovering individuals clear the air admit your faults to them not for them but for yourself so that you can finally move forward. ..
These days even when I'm small I'm strong.  Also... no matter what I'm better off today- and the future trajectory of my life as of today is in the positive.  If I go back to drinking it's all downhill.  In the end it's actually going to take more energy to screw my life back up than to keep going the way I'm going (which is at the very least leading somewhere good).  Just some thoughts from my own mind at about 11 months.  Hang in there.  IWNDWYT 
