-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9ujr3g/i_am_here_because_i_am_angry/

Today I learned my sibling received a DUI. My anger is not towards them...Going on three years ago I lost another sibling to addiction which started with alcohol. My anger is not towards them either...I keep slipping up an needing to reset my badge (the badge isn't the best gauge of reality--I don't always reset because when I'm drinking hard I'm not here--but it's the best I have). That anger is also not for myself...Disappointment surrounds all of those people certainly. Not disappointment for their actions but that I've not been able to help out more. That perhaps I haven't been the best role model. In the case of the sibling I lost to addiction while they were struggling through rehab and trying to piece their life back together I kept drinking and expressed too little empathy believing at the time that the addiction was a disease or some sort of personality defect. No the anger is directed at alcohol and our society which seems to glamorize its production sales and consumption while simultaneously shaming those who consume too much... those who become addicted to an addictive substance...In light of that it's even more clear that alcohol is destroying those around me. I've seen my spouse start to have stress management and health issues which drinking can't help; I've seen myself gain weight lose energy be unable to cope with stress and unable to process feelings and emotions; I've seen death and now I'm watching family members go through more pain due to this same drug. Yet while it's so readily apparent that the common cause at the root of these issues is alcohol to say "I don't drink" still feels like it has some stigma. This is insane. Still it's not so insane that it looks like a good idea to keep plowing through the bottles cans growlers kegs etc. as some form of escape...So r/stopdrinking. I'm stuck. I'm still struggling with talking about not wanting to drink. That's been causing a feeling of shame which has led to more drinking which leads to more shame and so on--I think it has something to do with the fact that (right now) the consequences of my drinking aren't super visible. I'm at work on time focused and productive; I try very hard not to drive if I've drank anything--great public transit is worth something); anyone with three kids is reasonably tired all the time; and I think it looks like I have things together. To suddenly stop drinking would seems like a major change to have to explain and I don't want to explain it (yet). I also want to express to my sibling that I stand by them and understand how hard this is without coming across as condescending or telling them what to do--because that rarely works. When you first stopped drinking did you have a hard time talking about it? How do you go about supporting someone you care about that may be at the start of the same road you've traveled (or started traveling) down?..I'm looking forward to being around here more in the next few weeks. Being away from here and sobriety has taken a lot away from me!..&amp;#x200B;
----------immediate responses--------

I still haven't really talked to anyone outside of AA about it. If anyone asks I just tell them my anxiety had been getting bad and I noticed that drinking made it worse. I stopped and my anxiety is better. That's not the entire reason I stopped but it is a part of it. Only 2 people have asked: my Mom who quit drinking at my age and my sister who is also an alcoholic. She asked for advice and is now trying to quit too. No one else cares. (I'm not married)..In the end you don't have to say anything you don't feel comfortable saying.I understand not wanting to talk about it or even reveal it to most people. It definitely doesn't have to be a reason to keep drinking though.
One of the most surprising things I found in sobriety is that no one cares what I drink. Or if I drink alcohol - I was so obsessed I would harangue non drinkers because they threatened my self image. ..In recovery I found I was wrong about everything. ..Everything my drinking brain told me was a lie. ..Anger resentment and entitlement fuelled my alcoholism and one of the main areas I need to keep on top off. Humans can shit me to tears when I'm travelling badly.  ..Thanks for your post. Keep coming back. 
I didn't tell anybody except about a hundred thousand strangers on r/stopdrinking.  I quietly got my balance on my own.  The first person irl who found out gave me a hard time and tried to get me to drink.  So I went and told my best friend that I quit and she was happy for me so that was a great counterbalance.  I'm the type of person who has in the past tended to find more success with major change by keeping my cards close to my vest.  I'm not sure if that will change in the future as I'm also beginning to realize a source of more courage and boldness little by little here in sobriety.. but I'm also aware that there is value in sometimes keeping quiet At first about deep inner work.  Quitting drinking presents an interesting puzzle because it also involves necessary and obvious outer change at the same time.  It's not always as private as we'd prefer it to be.  So I compromised and kept it pretty much private until I had to start explaining why I wasn't drinking to some curious people.  Yes at first it was awkward but I stumbled through it.  It got easier the more time I spent sober and the more opportunity I had to show that drinking was just not important to me.  
You should def read Allen Carr's The Easyway to Stop Drinking. It talks a lot about our cultural obsession w alcohol. It's deep. Thank you for sharing. 
