-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9upb6s/keeping_my_eye_on_the_ball/

Hi everyone!..I'm not a sports person but I was forced to play some team sports as a youth in gym class and such and I was thinking last night about the idea of keeping your eye on the ball. It's an expression that I heard and a concept that I never really understood in my ill-fated athletic attempts. But I think I sort of get it now...When you're aimlessly running around a basketball court or a soccer field there's a lot of stuff happening. Other people are running around perhaps with purpose perhaps not. What other people are doing isn't what ultimately matters. They're players on the field you can't ignore them completely but they're more for your peripheral vision. Your focal point is the ball and what's happening with the ball because the ball is ultimately what actually matters...I'm tall so people sometimes assume that I'm good at basketball and then I laugh. I was pretty useless at basketball because I would be told who my person was to guard and I would guard that person. I'd forget about the ball. I wasn't great at taking shots either but as another sports saying goes  you miss 100% of the shots that you don't take.  Also you don't become good at something that you don't do. I just completely missed the point of what I was doing in the game...I was thinking about that last night because I went to an AA meeting with my sponsor. She's been telling me to reach out to other women in the program and to focus on building relationships. She's also started telling me that she wants me to consciously become aware of women at meetings who are new to the meeting who are on their own or who look like they might be feeling uncomfortable and she wants me to actively reach out to them. She wants me to introduce myself and get their number and extend myself in offering friendship...I thought that I was doing a pretty good job at that but I am not. I talk to people but I talk to the people who I want to talk to. I talk to people who I already know. I am finding a comfort zone and staying there. I am not actively scanning the group to look for people on the fringes who aren't as engaged. And I'm not making sure that everyone is included...I did not make sure that someone was included last night and it's a woman who my sponsor has already pointed out to me who is on her own a lot and who has flat out *said* that she's looking for more fellowship with other women. My sponsor had to bring her over and introduce her and tell us to exchange numbers. I was talking to someone but I was talking to someone who I already knew who it was easy for me to talk to. After my sponsor made it happen I talked with the new women and we exchanged numbers and I'm going to reach out to her more actively in the future. ..But if I had been keeping my focus on where it should be I wouldn't have needed my sponsor to make that happen. And we don't go to a lot of meetings together so my sponsor usually isn't there to make it happen if I forget to actively look for people who I can offer support to and ways that I can be of service. I'm sure that there have been plenty of other instances at other meetings where I have missed the opportunity to reach out to others because I've been thinking of myself...My sponsor has 16 years of sobriety and has never relapsed. She was a heavy and compulsive drinker - she wasn't just having one too many margaritas on a girl's night out. She knows how to get sober from serious alcoholism. And she has sponsored a lot of women. She knows what works. When she tells me that my main priority right now is to focus on building relationships and reaching out to support other women who might be struggling that's because it's important. ..I asked her to sponsor me because she knows what she's doing and I'm going to trust that she does. My sponsor isn't there to hold my hand through all of this and make me do it. She has made clear to me what I'm supposed to be working on and it's obvious that I need to step up my game...I've been losing focus lately and getting distracted by stuff that has nothing to do with my sobriety getting my life together or achieving my goals. And this isn't me taking time for self-care or leisure time I am straight-up indulging in a time and energy vacuum of a distraction. ..I have responsibilities that I need to focus on. I need to get my work life in order. I need to improve my self-care. But most of all I need to do what my sponsor tells me to do. That means I need to prioritize building my relationships with other women in AA. I need to stop focusing on myself and start being of service to other alcoholics. She knows what works and *that's* what will keep me sober. ..I don't know what works my sponsor does. That's why I'm working with her. She's a successful professional with four other sponsees a husband and two young kids. I appreciate the time that she takes out of her schedule to work with me and I'm going to show that appreciation by respecting her wisdom and experience and doing what she suggests that I do...Eyes on the ball sobernauts. The game is over there. I hope that you all are well. I'm thinking of you. ..Ginger_Sprout Out
----------immediate responses--------

Your sponsor's advice sounds very wise. It will set you up to start being able to help others so she must be seeing real progress in you. That's awesome! Thank you for sharing.
Great introspection!  Thanks!
Good morning! She sounds like a very insightful sponsor. ..It's also possible that she is making these requests because it's a gentle challenging for your growth on your journey. Which means neither she nor you should expect to do everything right the first time. It's ok to not be newcomer of the year after all. ..Instead maybe the reflection is - what are the internal barriers that make this task feel daunting? What did I learn about myself and how can I deliberately apply this knowledge to my recovery.  The tough part about growth is that it happens in discomfort. Reflecting on that discomfort and seeing what are small changes that seem do-able is how we all build momentum. ..You got this.
