-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9us1b5/ugh_struggling_now/

I posted earlier today about how last night was day 1 of no drinking and me and my girlfriend did it together. And she just texted me saying she already wants to drink. I was kind of trying to make light and just sent silly GIFs of people saying no and now I feel like she's pissed off cause I don't want to drink tonight I want to see how long we can take this. 
----------immediate responses--------

I'd lead by example you do you and you get day two.
It would be so nice to have someone close to me like a SO hop on the sober train with me. But you know what I'm doing it for myself only...I'm sorry this is difficult for you. If your girlfriend wants to drink she can. That's ok. Maybe ask her to not do it around you because you're serious. Sometimes you need to be selfish jn order to protect your sobriety. Play the tape forward. It has helped me when I was tempted. Or come hang here with us   ..I will not drink with you today  
Getting and staying sober is all about dodging the first drink *no matter what*.....I've learned that I can't control what other people think say or do the only actions I have control over are my own.....If your missus isn't best placed to support you in stopping drinking don't rely on her support to stop drinking! If you are enmeshed in each other's drinking habits and tend to enable each other that's something you might need to work on too.....I found the book 'Alcohol Explained' and the book/YouTube 'This Naked Mind' really helpful for understanding my drinking problem and permanently changing the way I view alcohol - they are well worth a look and made all the difference for me in stopping for good without feeling like I was missing anything or depriving myself.....Having support from other problem drinkers in recovery who understand exactly what it's like and who know how to help is invaluable.....Stay strong and don't make your own sobriety contingent on whatever she happens to be up to!..IWNDWYT..Woody :&gt;)&gt;
Would you both be interested in attending meetings?
