-------original submission--------

link: reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/comments/9usduy/day_1_for_me_about_to_get_off_of_work_and_feeling/

5pm - 10pm is where the struggle is at.  I have to drive past a dozen gas stations and liquor stores on the way home. I'm trying to think of strategies to curb the craving.  Any advice is appreciated.  I'm thinking of stopping and getting junk food or fast food just to get full I always drink on an empty stomach. 
----------immediate responses--------

Me too man.. go to a meeting
[removed]
Something that has been helping me out is drinking sparkling water. I think it stems from the habit of cracking a cold one and having something to sip on constantly. Personally lacroix is helping me a lot. You can do it!
Still figuring that part out lol. My Walmart only had lime lemon and cranberry at the time.Out of those I like cranberry the best
Yup...eating something always helps. Get some dessert while you're at it. I ate a LOT of cookies in early recovery.
Can't really offer anything useful as I'm only on day 2. Just wanted to say IWNDWYT as people saying that to me has helped so far.
I started making time for the gym after work.
We got this. I'm on day 2 and I'd highly suggest lacroix as well:
Eat WHATEVER YOU WANT!!!! GO crazy! I had ice cream every day for the first 2 weeks and still lost 15 pounds. Fill your hands with something. Fill your belly with something too. 
Seriously get whatever food you feel like eating anything to distract from alcohol. I went through like a bag of starbursts every 2 days when I stopped drinking just to have something there. The anxiety should start to fade away after a few days as the alcohol gets out of your system. Every second/minute/hour/day that goes by without alcohol is progress...IWNDWYT 
Junk food fast food sparkling water walking meditation meetings friends anything and everything just not booze. You have this! I will not drink with you today.
Gummy bears crackers and a whole ton of Perrier helps me. Also I like to eat dinner as soon as I go home. An empty stomach used to be one of my big triggers too. You're doing great keep it up!
Let's pop some LaCroix together 4:30-9:30 is my danger zone so I completely understand where you're coming from. Let's get through this together iwndwyt!
Eat all the junk food. I craved sugar like mad booze is full of it. Cutting it out without a substitute makes going sober even more terribly. ..At first I ate so much crap but my philosophy was: I gotta get sober and get used to being sober. Once I'm there I'll figure my diet out...Days seemed like hours weeks seemed like months for me. Over time it got easier. I got used to it. My stomach stopped doing somersaults when I passed a shop that sold liquor. It takes time but that stuff eventually subsides. ..Cardio is a great way to pass the time. It is one of the only things that helped me in the very beginning. ..You can do this. We are here for you. Eat all the food. Be kind to yourself. ..I will not drink with you tonight. 
Eat. Eat. Eat. Everything to make you feel satisfied.
Eating Always helps me.  Really takes the craving away.
